A rare case of pheochromocytoma in a pregnant woman presenting with chest pain: extraordinary management; Background: Pheochromocytoma is rare in pregnant women. It presents as diverse symptoms, including hypertension and sweating. The symptoms of pregnant women with pheochromocytoma and comorbid hypertension often mimic the clinical manifestations of preeclampsia, and these women are often misdiagnosed with preeclampsia. Case presentation: In this case, a pregnant woman presented with chest pain as the primary symptom, and a diagnosis of pheochromocytoma was considered after ruling out myocardial ischemia and aortic dissection with the relevant diagnostic tools. This patient then underwent successful surgical resection using a nontraditional management approach, which resulted in a positive clinical outcome. Conclusions: It is essential to consider pheochromocytoma as a potential cause of chest pain and myocardial infarction-like electrocardiographic changes in pregnant women, even if they do not have a history of hypertension. © The Author(s) 2024.
Effects of Physical Activity on Blood Lipids and Hemoglobin A1c in Healthy Pregnant Women: The FitMum Randomized Controlled Trial; Objective: Maternal blood lipid and glucose concentrations during pregnancy affect fetal growth and the risk of pregnancy and delivery complications. We aimed to investigate the effects of physical activity (PA) during pregnancy on maternal blood lipid and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) concentrations. We hypothesized that higher PA was associated with improved lipid profile and glycemic control. Methods: In a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial, we included 216 pregnant women before week 15 + 0 and tested the effects of two different PA interventions throughout pregnancy compared to standard care on maternal blood lipid and HbA1c concentrations. Additionally, we investigated the effect of PA per se measured by an activity tracker. Total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), triglyceride, and HbA1c concentrations were measured at week ≤15 + 0, 28+0-6, 34+0-6, and at delivery (week 32 + 1 to 42 + 0). Effects of the interventions and PA per se were tested using linear mixed effects models and linear regression analyses, respectively. Results: No effects of the PA interventions were detected on maternal lipids or HbA1c during pregnancy. In PA per se analyses, more minutes per week of moderate-to-vigorous intensity PA were associated with less increase in TC (−1.3E-04, P = .020) and LDL-C (−8.5E-05, P = .035) as pregnancy progresses. More active kilocalories were associated with less increase in TC (−5.5E-05, P < .001), HDL-C (−9.5E-06, P = .024), and LDL-C (−3.2E-05, P = .005). Conclusion: Whilst there were no effects of offering PA interventions, higher PA was associated with reduced increases in TC, HDL-C, and LDL-C as pregnancy progressed. © 2024 AACE
Parental genetically predicted liability for coronary heart disease and risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes: a cohort study; Background: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) may unmask or exacerbate a woman’s underlying risk for coronary heart disease (CHD). We estimated associations of maternal and paternal genetically predicted liability for CHD with lifelong risk of APOs. We hypothesized that associations would be found for women, but not their male partners (negative controls). Methods: We studied up to 83,969‬ women (and up to 55,568‬ male partners) from the Norwegian Mother, Father and Child Cohort Study or the Trøndelag Health Study with genotyping data and lifetime history of any APO in their pregnancies (1967–2019) in the Medical Birth Registry of Norway (miscarriage, stillbirth, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, small for gestational age, large for gestational age, and spontaneous preterm birth). Maternal and paternal genetic risk scores (GRS) for CHD were generated using 148 gene variants (p-value < 5 × 10−8, not in linkage disequilibrium). Associations between GRS for CHD and each APO were determined using logistic regression, adjusting for genomic principal components, in each cohort separately, and combined using fixed effects meta-analysis. Results: One standard deviation higher GRS for CHD in women was related to increased risk of any hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio [OR] 1.08, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.05–1.10), pre-eclampsia (OR 1.08, 95% CI 1.05–1.11), and small for gestational age (OR 1.04, 95% CI 1.01–1.06). Imprecise associations with lower odds of large for gestational age (OR 0.98, 95% CI 0.96–1.00) and higher odds of stillbirth (OR 1.04, 95% CI 0.98–1.11) were suggested. These findings remained consistent after adjusting for number of total pregnancies and the male partners’ GRS and restricting analyses to stable couples. Associations for other APOs were close to the null. There was weak evidence of an association of paternal genetically predicted liability for CHD with spontaneous preterm birth in female partners (OR 1.02, 95% CI 0.99–1.05), but not with other APOs. Conclusions: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, small for gestational age, and stillbirth may unmask women with a genetically predicted propensity for CHD. The association of paternal genetically predicted CHD risk with spontaneous preterm birth in female partners needs further exploration. © 2023, The Author(s).
Overexpression of long noncoding RNA DUXAP8 inhibits ER-phagy through activating AKT/mTOR signaling and contributes to preeclampsia; Preeclampsia (PE) is a life-threatening pregnancy-specific complication with controversial mechanisms and no effective treatment except delivery is available. Currently, increasing researchers suggested that PE shares pathophysiologic features with protein misfolding/aggregation disorders, such as Alzheimer disease (AD). Evidences have proposed defective autophagy as a potential source of protein aggregation in PE. Endoplasmic reticulum-selective autophagy (ER-phagy) plays a critical role in clearing misfolded proteins and maintaining ER homeostasis. However, its roles in the molecular pathology of PE remain unclear. We found that lncRNA DUXAP8 was upregulated in preeclamptic placentae and significantly correlated with clinical indicators. DUXAP8 specifically binds to PCBP2 and inhibits its ubiquitination-mediated degradation, and decreased levels of PCBP2 reversed the activation effect of DUXAP8 overexpression on AKT/mTOR signaling pathway. Function experiments showed that DUXAP8 overexpression inhibited trophoblastic proliferation, migration, and invasion of HTR-8/SVneo and JAR cells. Moreover, pathological accumulation of swollen and lytic ER (endoplasmic reticulum) was observed in DUXAP8-overexpressed HTR8/SVneo cells and PE placental villus trophoblast cells, which suggesting that ER clearance ability is impaired. Further studies found that DUXAP8 overexpression impaired ER-phagy and caused protein aggregation medicated by reduced FAM134B and LC3II expression (key proteins involved in ER-phagy) via activating AKT/mTOR signaling pathway. The increased level of FAM134B significantly reversed the inhibitory effect of DUXAP8 overexpression on the proliferation, migration, and invasion of trophoblasts. In vivo, DUXAP8 overexpression through tail vein injection of adenovirus induced PE-like phenotypes in pregnant rats accompanied with activated AKT/mTOR signaling, decreased expression of FAM134B and LC3-II proteins and increased protein aggregation in placental tissues. Our study reveals the important role of lncRNA DUXAP8 in regulating trophoblast biological behaviors through FAM134B-mediated ER-phagy, providing a new theoretical basis for understanding the pathogenesis of PE. © The Author(s) 2024.
External validation and comparison of four prediction scores for severe maternal morbidity; Background: Severe maternal morbidity (SMM) is increasing in the United States. Several tools and scores exist to stratify an individual's risk of SMM. Objective: We sought to examine and compare the validity of four scoring systems for predicting SMM. Study Design: This was a retrospective cohort study of all individuals in the Consortium on Safe Labor dataset, which was conducted from 2002 to 2008. Individuals were excluded if they had missing information on risk factors. SMM was defined based on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention excluding blood transfusion. Blood transfusion was excluded due to concerns regarding the specificity of International Classification of Diseases codes for this indicator and its variable clinical significance. Risk scores were calculated for each participant using the Assessment of Perinatal Excellence (APEX), California Maternal Quality Care Collaborative (CMQCC), Obstetric Comorbidity Index (OB-CMI), and modified OB-CMI. We calculated the probability of SMM according to the risk scores. The discriminative performance of the prediction score was examined by the areas under receiver operating characteristic curves and their 95% confidence intervals (95% CI). The area under the curve for each score was compared using the bootstrap resampling. Calibration plots were developed for each score to examine the goodness-of-fit. The concordance probability method was used to define an optimal cutoff point for the best-performing score. Results: Of 153, 463 individuals, 1115 (0.7%) had SMM. The CMQCC scoring system had a significantly higher area under the curve (95% CI) (0.78 [0.77–0.80]) compared to the APEX scoring system, OB-CMI, and modified OB-CMI scoring systems (0.75 [0.73–0.76], 0.67 [0.65–0.68], 0.66 [0.70–0.73]; P<.001). Calibration plots showed excellent concordance between the predicted and actual SMM for the APEX scoring system and OB-CMI (both Hosmer–Lemeshow test P values=1.00, suggesting goodness-of-fit). Conclusion: This study validated four risk-scoring systems to predict SMM. Both CMQCC and APEX scoring systems had good discrimination to predict SMM. The APEX score and the OB-CMI had goodness-of-fit. At ideal calculated cut-off points, the APEX score had the highest sensitivity of the four scores at 71%, indicating that better scoring systems are still needed for predicting SMM. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.
Cardiomyopathy with Pancytopenia in a Pregnancy: Case Reports; Anemia, a common symptom in pregnancy, can lead to life-threatening cardiomyopathy. A 30-years old gravida 2 para 1 woman was admitted at 34 weeks of gestational age with asymptomatic pancytopenia and vitamin B12 deficiency in the laboratory tests. She also had a diet-controlled gestational diabetes, megaloblastic changes in Bone marrow aspiration and cardiomyopathy shown by echocardiography. The patient recovered from pancytopenia and cardiomyopathy after one week treatment with vitamin B12 and folate. In this case, cardiomyopathy worsened with anemia. By treating vitamin B12 deficiency, cardiomyopathy can be prevented or controlled during pregnancy. Careful consideration is needed when assessing anemia in pregnant women on vegetarian diet and at higher risk. © 2024 Tehran University of Medical Sciences.
Preferences of pregnant women for postpartum thromboprophylaxis: the bicentric PREFER-PostPartum study; Background: Clinical guidelines for postpartum thromboprophylaxis differ due to its uncertain effect and varying preferences of experts. Women's preferences for postpartum thromboprophylaxis are unknown, although they may inform practices and future research. Objectives: Our aim was to elicit the pregnant women's preferences for postpartum thromboprophylaxis according to different risks of venous thromboembolism (VTE) and bleeding. Methods: In 2 Swiss and French maternity hospitals, we conducted structured interviews of pregnant or postpartum women. Participants were instructed on pulmonary embolism, deep vein thrombosis, postpartum hemorrhage, and subcutaneous injections of low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH). First, we randomized women to either standard gamble or time trade-off (2 different validated methods) to estimate the utilities (quality of life, from 0 to 1) of these health states. Second, we elicited the preference for the use of short-term postpartum thromboprophylaxis with LMWH vs none across different risks of postpartum VTE and bleeding through direct-choice exercises. Results: Among 122 participants, median (IQR) health state utilities were 0.725 (0.30-0.925) for pulmonary embolism, 0.75 (0.40-0.97) for postpartum hemorrhage, 0.85 (0.60-0.97) for deep vein thrombosis, and 0.96 (0.96-0.999) for LMWH injections. The median risk of postpartum VTE for preference of the use of postpartum thromboprophylaxis over no treatment was 0.1% (IQR, 0.01%-0.50%) without LMWH-associated bleeding risk and 0.2% (IQR, 0.1%-5%) with a 1% bleeding risk. Conclusion: European pregnant women appear to have a high willingness for 10-day postpartum thromboprophylaxis, preferred over no treatment even for low risks of postpartum VTE. This perspective from patients supports the urgent need for a randomized trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of postpartum thromboprophylaxis. © 2024 The Authors
Perinatal outcomes and sinopharm BBIBP-CorV vaccination during pregnancy; Background: After the outbreak of COVID-19, a huge part of the health care services was dedicated to preventing and treating this disease. In case of COVID-19 infection, severe COVID-19 is reported more in pregnant individuals. Afterward, Vaccination against SARS-CoV-2 became a hot topic due to known effects in preventing severe COVID-19 during pregnancy. Vaccination of pregnant individuals started in August 2021 with the Sinopharm vaccine in Iran. The aim of current study was to determine the incidence of perinatal outcomes in women who were vaccinated during pregnancy. Method: This retrospective cohort study included 129,488 singleton births from March 21, 2021, until March 21, 2022, in Tehran, Iran. The data was obtained from the Iranian Maternal and Neonatal (IMaN) Network and the Maternal Vaccination Registry. Adverse perinatal outcomes investigated in this study include preterm birth, extremely preterm birth, low birth weight, very low birth weight, intrauterine growth restriction, stillbirth, neonatal intensive care unit admission, congenital anomaly, neonatal death and low 5-minute Apgar score. The risk of all perinatal outcomes was evaluated using multiple logistic regression. The analysis was done using STATA version 14. Results: Of all 129,488 singleton births included in this study, 17,485 (13.5%) were vaccinated against SARS-CoV-2 (all with Sinopharm (BBIBP-CorV)). The exposure to the Sinopharm vaccine during pregnancy caused a significant decrease in the incidence of preterm birth (P =0.006, OR=0.91 [95% CI, 0.85 to 0.97]), extremely preterm birth (P =<0.001,OR=0.55 [95% CI, 0.45 to 0.66]), and stillbirth (P =<0.001, OR=0.60 [95% CI, 0.47 to 0.76]). Exposure to vaccination during the first trimester was associated with an increased risk of preterm birth (P =0.01, OR=1.27 [95% CI, 1.04 to 1.55]) Maternal vaccination during pregnancy was not associated with an increased risk of other adverse perinatal outcomes included in this study. Conclusion: The finding of this population-based study indicated no adverse pregnancy outcome due to vaccination with the Sinopharm vaccine during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy. Overall risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes were lower in the vaccinated individuals compared to the unvaccinated group. Also, vaccination during the first trimester was associated with an increased risk of preterm birth. © The Author(s) 2024.
Placental pathology and neonatal morbidity: exploring the impact of gestational age at birth; Aim: To evaluate placental pathology in term and post-term births, investigate differences in clinical characteristics, and assess the risk of adverse neonatal outcome. Methods: This prospective observational study included 315 singleton births with gestational age (GA) > 36 weeks + 6 days meeting the local criteria for referral to placental histopathologic examination. We applied the Amsterdam criteria to classify the placentas. Births were categorized according to GA; early-term (37 weeks + 0 days to 38 weeks + 6 days), term (39 weeks + 0 days to 40 weeks + 6 days), late-term (41 weeks + 0 days to 41 weeks + 6 days), and post-term births (≥ 42 weeks + 0 days). The groups were compared regarding placental pathology findings and clinical characteristics. Adverse neonatal outcomes were defined as 5-minute Apgar score < 7, umbilical cord artery pH < 7.0, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit or intrauterine death. A composite adverse outcome included one or more adverse outcomes. The associations between placental pathology, adverse neonatal outcomes, maternal and pregnancy characteristics were evaluated by logistic regression analysis. Results: Late-term and post-term births exhibited significantly higher rates of histologic chorioamnionitis (HCA), fetal inflammatory response, clinical chorioamnionitis (CCA) and transfer to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) compared to early-term and term births. HCA and maternal smoking in pregnancy were associated with adverse outcomes in an adjusted analysis. Nulliparity, CCA, emergency section and increasing GA were all significantly associated with HCA. Conclusions: HCA was more prevalent in late and post-term births and was the only factor, along with maternal smoking, that was associated with adverse neonatal outcomes. Since nulliparity, CCA and GA beyond term are associated with HCA, this should alert the clinician and elicit continuous intrapartum monitoring for timely intervention. © The Author(s) 2024.
Prevalence and determinants of gestational diabetes mellitus among pregnant women in India: an analysis of National Family Health Survey Data; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a type of diabetes with its first recognition during pregnancy. GDM is a high-risk maternal and neonatal condition which increases the risk of Type 2 diabetes in mothers and their infants. It is essential to detect and treat GDM since its inception when mothers suffer from Type 1 diabetes while carrying the foetus during the gestational period. Methods: The study analysed individual data from the National Family Health Survey (NFHS) surveyed in 2015–2016 (4th round) and 2019–2021 (5th round) covering a total of approximately 6 lakhs and 7 lakhs women, respectively. Among them, 32,072 women in 2015–2016 and 28,187 in 2019–2021 were pregnant, of whom 180 women in 2014–2015 and 247 women in 2019–2021 had diabetes during their gestational periods, allowing the percentage prevalence calculation of GDM. The analysis of Poisson regression estimates examined the socioeconomic and demographic risk factors for GDM among pregnant women. Results: The overall prevalence of GDM in women showed an increase from 0.53% in 2015–16 to 0.80% in 2019–20 at the national level, and a similar increase in many states of India was witnessed, with a few exceptions. The GDM prevalence has shown a gradient over age, with a low prevalence in 15–19- and 25–29-year-olds and the highest prevalence in 40–44-year-olds. Concerning the rural and urban divide, its prevalence in both urban and rural areas has increased from 0.61 to 0.85% and 0.51 to 0.78% between 2015 and 16 and 2019–21. The results of the Poisson regression analysis reveal that older adults with high Body Mass Index (BMI), thyroid disorder, and heart disease have a greater risk of GDM among pregnant women in India. The states of Kerala, Meghalaya, and Goa show a high prevalence of GDM. Conclusion: The low prevalence of GDM may not be clinically significant but has negative repercussions on the mother and her child cannot be overlooked. Thus, it is essential to curb GDM since its inception and save a generation ahead from the risk of diabetes and other diseases. © The Author(s) 2024.
Analysis of risk factors of preeclampsia in pregnant women with chronic hypertension and its impact on pregnancy outcomes; Objective: To investigate the risk factors and maternal and fetal outcomes of preeclampsia after pregnancy in patients with primary chronic hypertension. Methods: A total of 500 singleton pregnant women with a history of hypertension who were admitted for delivery at our Hospital from March 2015 to May 2022 were retrospectively collected by random sampling and divided into the non-occurrence group (n = 200) and the occurrence group (n = 300) according to whether they were complicated by preeclampsia. Afterward, the general data and the pregnancy-related data of patients were collected for comparison. Results: The univariate analysis showed significant differences between the non-occurrence group and the occurrence group in terms of the proportion of preeclampsia history (4.00% VS 24.67%, χ2 = 37.383, P < 0.001), duration of hypertension > 3 years (18.00% VS 31.67%, χ2 = 11.592, P < 0.001), systemic therapy (20.50% VS 10.00%, χ2 = 10.859, P < 0.001), gestational age at admission [37.72 (34.10, 38.71) VS 35.01 (31.91, 37.42) weeks, Z = -9.825, P < 0.001]. Meanwhile, the multivariate analysis showed that a history of preeclampsia (OR = 6.796, 95% CI: 3.575 ∼ 10.134, χ2 = 8.234, P < 0.001), duration of hypertension > 3 years (OR = 3.456, 95% CI: 2.157 ∼ 5.161, χ2 = 9.348, P < 0.001), and a lack of systemic antihypertensive treatment (OR = 8.983, 95% CI: 7.735 ∼ 9.933, χ2 = 9.123, P < 0.001) were risk factors for chronic hypertension complicated by preeclampsia during pregnancy. Conclusion: A history of preeclampsia, a longer duration of hypertension, and a lack of systematic antihypertensive treatment are risk factors for chronic hypertension complicated by preeclampsia during pregnancy. The occurrence of preeclampsia in pregnant women with chronic hypertension increases the incidence of maternal HELLP syndrome and fetal distress. © The Author(s) 2024.
Global, regional, and national burden and trends of migraine among women of childbearing age from 1990 to 2021: insights from the Global Burden of Disease Study 2021; Background: Migraine, a neurological disorder with a significant female predilection, is the leading cause of disability-adjusted life years (DALYs) in women of childbearing age (WCBA). There is currently a lack of comprehensive literature analysis on the overall global burden and changing trends of migraines in WCBA. Methods: This study extracted three main indicators, including prevalence, incidence, and DALYs, related to migraine in WCBA from the Global Burden of Disease(GBD) database from 1990 to 2021. Our study presented point estimates with 95% uncertainty intervals (UIs). It evaluated the changing trends in the burden of migraine in WCBA using the estimated annual percentage change (EAPC) and percentage change. Results: In 2021, the global prevalence, incidence, and DALYs cases of migraine among WCBA were 493.94 million, 33.33 million, and 18.25 million, respectively, with percentage changes of 48%, 43%, and 47% compared to 1990. Over the past 32 years, global prevalence rates and DALYs rates globally have increased, with an EAPC of 0.03 (95% UI: 0.02 to 0.05) and 0.04 (95% UI: 0.03 to 0.05), while incidence rates have decreased with an EAPC of -0.07 (95% UI: -0.08 to -0.05). Among the 5 Socio-Demographic Index (SDI) regions, in 2021, the middle SDI region recorded the highest cases of prevalence, incidence, and DALYs of migraine among WCBA, estimated at 157.1 million, 10.56 million, and 5.81 million, respectively, approximately one-third of the global total. In terms of age, in 2021, the global incidence cases for the age group 15–19 years were 5942.5 thousand, with an incidence rate per 100,000 population of 1957.02, the highest among all age groups. The total number of migraine cases and incidence rate among WCBA show an increasing trend with age, particularly in the 45–49 age group. Conclusions: Overall, the burden of migraine among WCBA has significantly increased globally over the past 32 years, particularly within the middle SDI and the 45–49 age group. Research findings emphasize the importance of customized interventions aimed at addressing the issue of migraines in WCBA, thus contributing to the attainment of Sustainable Development Goal 3 set by the World Health Organization. © The Author(s) 2024.
Interventions to mitigate pregnancy-related mortality and morbidity in Black birthing people: a systematic review; Objective: To conduct a systematic review of interventions to improve perinatal outcomes to mitigate pregnancy-related mortality and morbidity in Black birthing people. Data Sources: We searched 5 databases from 2000 through the final search date of April 5, 2023: Cumulative Index of Nursing and Allied Health Literature Plus with Full Text (EBSCOhost), Embase (Elsevier), PubMed, and Scopus (Elsevier) and ClinicalTrials.gov. Study Eligibility Criteria: Only quantitative studies were eligible including observational and randomized controlled trials. All participants in selected studies must identify as Black or study results must be stratified by race that includes Black birthing people. The study must (1) measure a perinatal outcome of interest (2) occur in the United States and (3) be written in the English language. Studies were excluded if they were published prior to 2000, not published in the English language, or did not meet the criteria above. Study Appraisal and Synthesis Methods: A data extraction template identified intervention type and perinatal outcome. Perinatal outcomes included but were not limited to: cardiovascular disorders, mortality, or preterm delivery. Interventions included: community programs, educational enhancement, individual counseling, medical intervention, or policy. Risk of bias was assessed using the Mixed Method Appraisal Tool. Three investigators assessed studies individually and group consensus was used for a final decision. Results: From 4,302 unique studies, 41 studies met inclusion criteria. Community programs such as the Supplemental Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) and Healthy Start (n=17, 41.5%) were the most common interventions studied. Individual counseling closely followed (n=15, 36.6%). Medical interventions were not among the more commonly used intervention types (n=9, 21.9%). Most articles focused on preterm delivery (n=28, 68.3%). Few articles studied cardiovascular disorders (n=4, 9.8%) or hemorrhage (n=3, 7.3%). No articles studied pregnancy-related morbidity. Conclusions: Despite current conversations on Black maternal mortality, there is currently limited literature examining interventions addressing perinatal morbidity and mortality in Black birthing people in the United States. These interventions do not address how to mitigate perinatal outcomes of interest. Patient-centered outcomes research is warranted to better understand as well as to resolve inequities related to Black maternal health. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.
Establishing a risk score for prediction of intrapartum cesarean delivery among older women: A retrospective cohort study; Objective: To determine risk factors and to develop a risk prediction score for intrapartum cesarean delivery (CD) in women over 40 years old. Study design: A retrospective cohort study, in a single university-affiliated tertiary medical center. All women aged 40 years or more who planned a trial of labor between 2012 and 2022. Women who opted for an elective CD and those with non-viable fetuses were excluded. Maternal and neonatal characteristics of women who delivered vaginally were compared to those who underwent an intrapartum CD. Risk factors were examined using univariate and multivariate analysis. A score was developed to predict the need for intrapartum CD. We assessed a receiver operating characteristic curve to evaluate the performance of our model. Main outcome measure: An unplanned intrapartum cesarean section. Results: During the study period, 122,583 women delivered at our center, of whom 6122 (4.9 %) aged 40 years or more attempted a trial of labor. Of them, 428 (7 %) underwent intrapartum CD. Several independent risk factors were identified, including nulliparity, regional anesthesia, induction of labor, use of antibiotics during labor, multiple gestation, previous cesarean delivery, and the presence of gestational diabetes or preeclampsia. A risk score model, employing a cut-off of 7, demonstrated successful prediction of intrapartum CD, with an area under the curve of 0.86. Conclusion: The score model for intrapartum CD can be used by caregivers to offer a more informed consultation to women aged 40 years or more deciding on the mode of delivery. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.
Effectiveness of art-based health education on anemia and health literacy among pregnant women in Western Nepal: A randomized controlled trial; Objective As Nepalese pregnant women vary widely in literacy levels and cultural backgrounds and are reluctant to make decisions about their health, general interventions are insufficient to improve maternal anemia. This study aimed to assess the effectiveness of “face-to-face health education using educational material created using pictures, photos, and nomograms” in reducing anemia and improving health literacy. Methods A total of 156 Nepalese pregnant women with hemoglobin (Hb) levels below 11.0 g/dl were divided into three groups: the education group received three sessions of face-to-face health education using art-based material unaffected by literacy skills; the distribution group received material used in the education group; and the control group underwent general perinatal checkups. Hb levels and health literacy scores were assessed at baseline early pregnancy (8–12 weeks) and late pregnancy (36–40 weeks). A Nepalese version of the 14-item Health Literacy Scale (HLS-14) was developed to assess health literacy. Results The post-intervention three-group comparison showed a statistically significant difference (P < 0.042) in mean Hb levels after the intervention. Dunnett’s test showed a statistically significant difference (P < 0.044) between the education and control groups but no significant difference between the distribution and control groups (P = 0.972). No significant differences in health literacy (total scores and subscales) were observed among the three groups before the intervention in the Kruskal-Wallis test and after the intervention (although there was a trend towards improvement). Total health literacy scores before and after the intervention were statistically significantly different for the total group and all three groups (P<0.001).Only the education group showed statistically significant differences in functional (P<0.012), communication (P<0.004), and critical (P<0.014) literacy subscale scores. Conclusion Continuous face-to-face health education using literacy material significantly reduced anemia and improved health literacy among Nepalese pregnant women. © 2024 Sakai et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Postpartum weight retention and the early evolution of cardiovascular risk over the first 5 years after pregnancy; Background: The cumulative effect of postpartum weight retention from each pregnancy in a woman’s life may contribute to her risk of ultimately developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, there is limited direct evidence supporting this hypothesis. Thus, we sought to characterize the impact of postpartum weight retention on the trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors over the first 5-years after pregnancy. Methods: In this prospective observational cohort study, 330 women (mean age 35.7 ± 4.3 years, mean pre-pregnancy body mass index 25.2 ± 4.8 kg/m2, 50.9% primiparous) underwent serial cardiometabolic characterization (anthropometry, blood pressure, lipids, oral glucose tolerance test, insulin sensitivity/resistance (Matsuda index, HOMA-IR), C-reactive protein (CRP), adiponectin) at 1-year, 3-years, and 5-years postpartum. Based on the magnitude of weight change between pre-pregnancy and 5-years postpartum, they were stratified into the following 3 groups: weight loss (n = 100), weight gain 0–6% (n = 110), and weight gain ≥ 6% (n = 120). Results: At 1-year postpartum, cardiovascular risk factors did not differ between the groups. However, an adverse risk factor profile progressively emerged in the weight retention groups at 3- and 5-years. Indeed, after covariate adjustment, there was stepwise worsening (from the weight loss group to weight gain 0–6% to weight gain ≥ 6% group) of the following cardiovascular risk factors at 5-years: triglycerides (p = 0.001), HDL (p = 0.02), LDL (p = 0.01), apolipoprotein-B (p = 0.003), Matsuda index (p < 0.0001), HOMA-IR (p < 0.0001), fasting glucose (p = 0.07), and CRP (p = 0.01). Moreover, on logistic regression analyses, weight gain ≥ 6% emerged as an independent predictor of pre-diabetes/diabetes at 5-years (adjusted OR = 3.40, 95%CI: 1.63–7.09). Conclusion: Postpartum weight retention predicts trajectories of worsening cardiovascular risk factors and glucose intolerance over the first 5-years after delivery, consistent with its postulated contribution to future vascular disease in women. © The Author(s) 2024.
Climate change and cardiovascular health: Recent updates and actions for healthcare; Climate change is a public health crisis predominantly due to fossil fuel combustion, that challenges planetary and human health. Considerable evidence exists to demonstrate the impact climate change has on cardiovascular disease primarily through air pollution, and non-optimal temperature. Conversely, healthcare systems themselves contribute substantially to climate change. Many clinicians personally report a sense of responsibility to reduce the detrimental impact of parts of our healthcare system on the environment. Roadmaps exist to guide decarbonization and reduce pollution in the healthcare sector. The first step in minimizing the climate impact of the provision of cardiovascular care is to determine the carbon footprint of highly resource dependent sectors such as critical care cardiology as well as the cardiac catheterization and electrophysiology laboratories. This should be followed by sustainable changes to address healthcare waste and energy use. Engagement from healthcare leadership, governmental organizations and major cardiac societies will be necessary to impact meaningful change. © 2024 The Authors
Hydroxychloroquine and Pre-eclampsia in a Diverse Cohort of Women With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus; Objective: Patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) are at risk for pregnancy complications such as pre-eclampsia and eclampsia. These clinically important complications are associated with maternal morbidity, mortality, and postpartum cardiovascular disease. Some studies suggest that hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) may reduce pre-eclampsia risk in lupus pregnancy. Using a cohort of pregnant patients with prevalent SLE at Kaiser Permanente Northern California (KPNC), we investigated whether HCQ treatment in early pregnancy reduced the risk of pre-eclampsia or eclampsia. Methods: Among pregnant patients with SLE from 2011 to 2020, we assessed HCQ treatment from three months before pregnancy through the first trimester. HCQ exposure was defined multiple ways to account for adherence and duration of treatment. Propensity scores accounted for multiple confounders and modified Poisson models estimated risk ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals of the association between HCQ treatment and pre-eclampsia or eclampsia. Effect modification by pregestational hypertension, history of nephritis, and antiphospholipid antibody (aPL) status was investigated through stratified analysis. Results: There were 399 pregnancies among 324 patients with SLE at KPNC between 2011 and 2020. Considering multiple exposure definitions, we consistently found a null association between HCQ and pre-eclampsia or eclampsia. The RRs were consistently lower among nullipara patients, and RRs were consistently protective but not statistically significant among the high-risk subgroup of patients with a history of nephritis, aPL positivity, or pregestational hypertension (for both nullipara and multipara patients). Conclusion: Although this study found no reduced risk of HCQ on pre-eclampsia or eclampsia, residual confounding may be attenuating the effect despite an integrated health care delivery system setting with detailed clinical data. © 2024 The Author(s). Arthritis Care & Research published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American College of Rheumatology.
Emerging functions and significance of circCDYL in human disorders; Circular RNAs (circRNAs) are a group of non-coding transcripts in which a loop structure is shaped via a back splicing procedure. They have central roles in the regulation of gene expression. hsa_circ_0008285, alternatively named as circCDYL, is a circular RNA originated from the exon 4 of CDYL gene. It is produced by a back-splice incident and is mainly located in the cytoplasm. It has no internal ribosome entry site, open reading frame and intronic sequences. CircCDYL dysregulation has been reported in the malignant conditions including multiple myeloma, mantle cell lymphoma, breast cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, Wilms tumor, bladder cancer, colon cancer, and hepatocellular carcinoma. It also has an emerging role in the pathophysiology of non-malignant conditions including myocardial infarction, gestational diabetes mellitus, membranous nephropathy, and abdominal aortic aneurysm. In the current study, we summarize the emerging roles of circCDYL in malignant and non-malignant conditions. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Antenatal Glycemic Management and Postpartum Cardiovascular Disease Risk Screening; Objectives: This study aims to evaluate the cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk profiles of patients referred to the Maternal Health Clinic (MHC) with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Eligible patients had their MHC appointment at 6 months postpartum between November 2011 and May 2022 and experienced GDM in their most recent pregnancy. Included participants were then divided into subgroups comparing methods of glycemic control: diet-controlled GDM and insulin-controlled GDM. Additionally, the MHC recruited 47 patients who have not experienced a complication in pregnancy to act as a comparator group in research studies. Demographics, medical and pregnancy history, and CVD risk scores were compared between the 3 groups. Results: In total, 344 patients with GDM were included in the analysis; 165 were insulin-controlled and 179 diet-controlled. When measuring the median 30-year Framingham risk score based on both BMI and lipids, there was a significant stepwise increase seen from the unexposed group, the diet-controlled GDM, and the insulin-controlled groups, respectively (all P < 0.05). The presence of metabolic syndrome showed a stepwise increase in prevalence when comparing the unexposed group, diet-exposure group, and the insulin-exposure group, respectively (16.7%; 21.5%–44.8%, P < 0.05). Conclusions: Our findings reinforce the prevalence of maternal CVD risk among GDM-diagnosed patients in the postpartum period and the necessity for screening. More specifically, our findings show how CVD risk may differ based on required interventions for glycemic control throughout pregnancy. Future research should aim to compare a more diverse patient population to optimise the generalizability of glycemic control-specific CVD outcomes. © 2024 The Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada/La Société des obstétriciens et gynécologues du Canada
New Insights on NLRP3 Inflammasome: Mechanisms of Activation, Inhibition, and Epigenetic Regulation; Abstract: Inflammasomes are important modulators of inflammation. Dysregulation of inflammasomes can enhance vulnerability to conditions such as neurodegenerative diseases, autoinflammatory diseases, and metabolic disorders. Among various inflammasomes, Nucleotide-binding oligomerization domain leucine-rich repeat and pyrin domain-containing protein 3 (NLRP3) is the best-characterized inflammasome related to inflammatory and neurodegenerative diseases. NLRP3 is an intracellular sensor that recognizes pathogen-associated molecular patterns and damage-associated patterns resulting in the assembly and activation of NLRP3 inflammasome. The NLRP3 inflammasome includes sensor NLRP3, adaptor apoptosis-associated speck-like protein (ASC), and effector cysteine protease procaspase-1 that plays an imperative role in caspase-1 stimulation which further initiates a secondary inflammatory response. Regulation of NLRP3 inflammasome ameliorates NLRP3-mediated diseases. Much effort has been invested in studying the activation, and exploration of specific inhibitors and epigenetic mechanisms controlling NLRP3 inflammasome. This review gives an overview of the established NLRP3 inflammasome assembly, its brief molecular mechanistic activations as well as a current update on specific and non-specific NLRP3 inhibitors that could be used in NLRP3-mediated diseases. We also focused on the recently discovered epigenetic mechanisms mediated by DNA methylation, histone alterations, and microRNAs in regulating the activation and expression of NLRP3 inflammasome, which has resulted in a novel method of gaining insight into the mechanisms that modulate NLRP3 inflammasome activity and introducing potential therapeutic strategies for CNS disorders. Graphical Abstract: (Figure presented.). © The Author(s) 2024.
Adverse health effects of exposure to plastic, microplastics and their additives: environmental, legal and policy implications for Israel; Background: Israel is a regional "hotspot" of plastic pollution, with little discussion of potential adverse health effects from exposure to plastic. This review aims to stimulate discussion and drive policy by focusing on these adverse health effects. Main body: Plastics are synthetic polymers containing additives which can leach from food- and beverage-contact plastic into our food and beverages, and from plastic textiles onto our skin. Plastics persist in the environment for generations, fragmenting into MNPs: Micro (1 micron–5 mm)-Nano (1 nm–1 micron)-Plastic, which contaminate our atmosphere, water, and food chain. MNP can enter the human body through ingestion, inhalation and touch. MNP < 10 microns can cross epithelial barriers in the respiratory and gastrointestinal systems, and fragments < 100 nm can cross intact skin, enabling entry into body tissues. MNP have been found in multiple organs of the human body. Patients with MNP in atheromas of carotid arteries have increased risk of a combined measure of stroke, cardiovascular disease, and death. Toxic additives to plastics include bisphenols, phthalates, and PFAS, endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs) which cause dysregulation of thyroid function, reproduction, and metabolism, including increased risk of obesity, diabetes, endometriosis, cancer, and decreased fertility, sperm count and quality. Fetal exposure to EDCs is associated with increased rates of miscarriages, prematurity and low birth weight. There is likely no safe level of exposure to EDCs, with increasing evidence of trans-generational and epigenetic effects. There are several existing Israeli laws to reduce plastic use and waste. Taxes on single-use plastic (SUP) were recently cancelled. There are many gaps in regulatory standards for food-, beverage- and child- safe plastic. Existing standards are poorly enforced. Conclusion: Reduction in production and use of plastic, promotion of recycling and reduction of leaching of toxic additives into our food and beverages are essential policy goals. Specific recommendations: Periodic monitoring of MNP in bottled beverages, food, indoor air; Strengthen enforcement of standards for food-, beverage-, and child-safe plastic; Renew tax on SUPs; National ban on SUP at public beaches, nature reserves and parks; Ban products manufactured with MNP; Increase research on sources and health outcomes of exposure to MNP and EDCs. © The Author(s) 2024.
Gestational diabetes mellitus, body mass index, and cardiometabolic multimorbidity: A prospective cohort study; Purpose: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) could increase the risks of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. However, evidence on its association with cardiometabolic multimorbidity (CMM) was limited. This study aimed to evaluate the association between GDM and the prevalence, incidence, patterns, and progression of CMM; and the role of body mass index (BMI) in such association. Methods: This study included 203,372 women who have given birth in UK Biobank. The diagnoses of GDM and cardiometabolic diseases (including stroke, coronary heart disease [CHD], and T2DM) were reported by participants or obtained through linkage to inpatient hospital data until 31st December 2020. BMI was assessed at the baseline assessment. CMM was defined as having two or more of included cardiometabolic diseases. Logistic regression models and Cox proportional hazard models were used to assess the association between GDM and CMM, and the modifications on both additive and multiplicative scales were assessed to evaluate the effect of BMI on such association. Results: A total of 1217 women had a history of GDM, 2351 participants had CMM at the end of follow-up and 1601 was newly diagnosed during follow-up. GDM was associated with higher prevalence (odds ratio [OR]=4.64, 95 % confidence interval [95 % CI]=3.54–6.08) and incidence (hazard ratio [HR]=3.62, 95 % CI=2.62–5.00) of CMM. In particular, GDM was associated with higher odds of T2DM, coexisting T2DM and vascular disease, and T2DM followed by vascular disease. Formal testing for effect modification suggested multiplicative modification by BMI for the association between GDM and incident CMM. Conclusions: GDM was associated with CMM in women's late life, with multiplicative modification effects of BMI. Our results suggest that maternal and lifestyle interventions (e.g., weight management) are warranted for the primary and secondary prevention of CMM, particularly in women with a history of GDM. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.
Changes in the shape and function of the fetal heart of pre- and gestational diabetes mothers; Background: Hyperglycemia during pregnancy can affect fetal heart in many ways, including causing cardiac malformation, leading to hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and cardiac dysfunction. Echocardiographic evaluation can assist identify alterations in heart structure, morphology and function, enabling prompt monitoring and management. However, according to earlier research, the cardiac alterations are modest in hyperglycemic mothers’ fetuses, and might not be detectable using conventional methods and it is also unclear whether these changes are related to the metabolism of mothers. Fetal Heart Quantification (Fetal HQ) can assess ventricular geometry and function more sensitively and thoroughly, and identify sub-clinical cardiac dysfunction. The purpose of this study was to evaluate fetal heart by Fetal HQ in fetuses of hyperglycemic mothers who either had pre-gestational or gestational diabetes and to correlate them with maternal metabolic indices. Methods: The fetuses of 25 gestational age-matched control mothers, 48 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and 11 women with diabetes mellitus (DM) were included in the prospective case-control research. Using fetal echocardiography and speckle tracking echocardiography (STE), the heart of the fetus was evaluated. Differences in the groups’ anthropometric, metabolic, and cardiac parameters were examined. It was assessed whether maternal features, prenatal glucose, lipids, and maternal hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) correlated with fetal cardiac parameters. Results: The LV EDV and ESV were significantly higher in the GDM group as compared to the DM group (p < 0.05). The GSI% was significantly lower in the GDM group compared with the control (p < 0.05). The LV SV and CO of the GDM group were both significantly higher compared with the DM group (p < 0.05). There was a significant decrease in RV FS for segments 1–7 in GDM fetuses compared to the control (p < 0.05) and for segments 5–10 compared to DM (p < 0.05). Fetal cardiac morphology and function indices correlate with maternal pregestational weight, BMI, early pregnancy fast glucose, lipids, and glycemic control levels. Conclusions: Fetuses exposed to gestational diabetes have altered heart morphology and function that is linked to maternal metabolic parameters, which presents a special indication for performing geometry and function cardiac assessment. Fetal HQ can be employed to evaluate the fetal cardiac shape and function in fetuses exposed to gestational diabetes. © 2024, The Author(s).
Infertility treatments and cyanotic congenital heart defects among livebirths in the USA: Findings from a contemporary cohort; STUDY QUESTION: Is there an elevated risk of cyanotic congenital heart defects (CCHD) among livebirths following infertility treatments? SUMMARY ANSWER: In this population-based study of single livebirths, infertility treatment (either ART or non-ART) was associated with a higher prevalence of CCHD among livebirths. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: The use of infertility treatment has been on the rise over the past few decades. However, there are limited studies assessing the risk of major cardiac defects following infertility treatments. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: A retrospective cohort study of livebirth data from the National Vital Statistics System (NVSS) was conducted, comprising of 9.6 million singleton livebirths among first-time mothers aged 15-49 years from 2016 to 2022. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Information on infertility treatment use and CCHD was obtained from the health and medical information section of birth certificates, which was completed by healthcare staff after reviewing medical records. Logistic regression models were used to estimate odds ratios (OR) and 95% CI. Entropy balancing weighting analysis and probabilistic bias analysis were also performed. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: The proportion of births following infertility treatment increased from 1.9% (27 116) to 3.1% (43 510) during the study period. Overall, there were 5287 cases of CCHD resulting in a prevalence of 0.6 per 1000 livebirths. The prevalence was 1.2 per 1000 live births among infertility treatment users (ART: 1.1 per 1000 livebirths; non-ART: 1.3 per 1000 livebirths) while that for naturally conceived births was 0.5 per 1000 livebirths. Compared to naturally conceived births, the use of any infertility treatment (OR: 2.06, 95% CI: 1.82-2.33), either ART (OR: 2.02, 95% CI: 1.73-2.36) or other infertility treatments (OR: 2.12, 95% CI: 1.74-2.33), was associated with higher odds of CCHD after adjusting for maternal and paternal age, race and ethnicity, and education, as well as maternal nativity, marital status, source of payment, smoking status, and pre-pregnancy measures of BMI, hypertension and diabetes. This association did not differ by the type of infertility treatment (ART versus other infertility treatments) (OR: 1.04, 95% CI: 0.82-1.33, P = 0.712), and was robust to the presence of exposure and outcome misclassification bias and residual confounding. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: The findings are only limited to livebirths. We did not have the capacity to examine termination data, but differential termination by mode of conception has not been supported by previous studies designed to consider it. Infertility treatment use was self-reported, leading to the potential for selection bias and misclassification for infertility treatment and CCHD. However, the association persisted when systematic bias as well as exposure and outcome misclassification bias were accounted for in the analyses. Information on the underlying etiology of infertility relating to either maternal, paternal, or both factors, data on specific types of ART and other infertility treatments, as well as information on subtypes of CCHD, were all not available. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: In light of the increasing trend in the use of infertility treatment in the USA, and elsewhere, the finding of the current study holds significant importance for the clinical and public health of reproductive-aged individuals. The data show that the use of infertility treatment may expose offspring to elevated odds of severe congenital heart defects such as CCHD studied here. These findings cannot be interpreted causally. While our findings can assist in preconception counseling and prenatal care for pregnancies conceived by either ART or other infertility treatments, they also support some current recommendations that pregnancies resulting from infertility treatments undergo fetal echocardiography screening. © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved.
Impacts of β-1, 3-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferases (B3GNTs) in human diseases; Glycosylation modification of proteins is a common post-translational modification that exists in various organisms and has rich biological functions. It is usually catalyzed by multiple glycosyltransferases located in the Golgi apparatus. β-1,3-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferases (B3GNTs) are members of the glycosyltransferases and have been found to be involved in the occurrence and development of a variety of diseases including autoimmunity diseases, cancers, neurodevelopment, musculoskeletal system, and metabolic diseases. The functions of B3GNTs represent the glycosylation of proteins is a crucial and frequently life-threatening step in progression of most diseases. In this review, we give an overview about the roles of B3GNTs in tumor, nervous system, musculoskeletal and metabolic diseases, describing the recent results about B3GNTs, in order to provide a research direction and exploration value for the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of these diseases. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V. 2024.
The effects of selenium supplementation on lipid profile in adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Introduction: Dyslipidemia with a considerable progression rate is a primary risk factor for CVDs if left untreated. Dietary interventions have explored the health influences of selenium on lipid profiles in adults, yet the findings remain contentious. This study seeks to determine if selenium supplementation can positively modify the lipid profile (total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) in adults. Methods: Using predefined keywords, we searched online databases, including Scopus, PubMed, Web of Science Core Collection, and Google Scholar, for relevant studies published from inception through July 2024. A random-effects meta-analysis was then employed to pool the weighted mean differences (WMD) and 95 % CI for outcomes assessed by a minimum of three studies. Results: Initially 1205 studies were obtained out of which 25 RCTs were decided to be included for further analyses. Selenium supplementation reduced VLDL (WMD: −1.53; 95 % CI: −2.86, −0.20), but did not change TG (WMD: 1.12; 95 % CI: −4.51, 6.74), TC (WMD: −2.25; 95 % CI: −6.80, 2.29), LDL-C (WMD: 1.60; 95 % CI: −4.26, 7.46), and HDL-C levels (WMD: 0.98; 95 % CI: - 0.02, 1.98). Conclusion: Our study showed significantly reduced VLDL but limited effects were observed in other lipid indexes. More extensive RCTs are required globally to achieve a holistic comprehension of the connection between selenium and lipid profile. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.
Incidence and predictors of mortality among neonates with congenital heart disease in Ethiopia: a retrospective cohort study; Background: Neonatal mortality poses a significant public health challenge in sub-Saharan Africa, with congenital heart disease emerging as the leading cause of morbidity and mortality among neonates, especially in countries like Ethiopia. Despite efforts to reduce neonatal mortality rates, Ethiopia continues to experience an increased mortality rate, particularly among neonates with congenital heart disease. This study aims to investigate the incidence and predictors of mortality in this vulnerable population within Ethiopia. Method: A retrospective cohort study was conducted at an institution, involving 583 randomly selected neonates diagnosed with congenital heart disease. In the current study, the dependent variable was survival status. Data entry utilized EpiData data version 4.6, and analysis was performed using STATA version 16. Probability of death was compared using the log-rank test and Kaplan-Meier failure curve. Significant predictors were identified using bivariable and multivariate Cox regression. Model fitness and proportional hazard assumptions were evaluated using the Cox-Snell graph and Global test, respectively. Associations were assessed by adjusted hazard ratios with 95% confidence intervals. Results: The study participants were followed for 4844 days. The mortality rate was 9.9%. The incidence density was 11.9 per 1000 person-days of observation. Neonatal sepsis (AHR: 2.24; 95% CI [1.18–4.23]), cyanotic congenital heart disease (AHR: 3.49; 95% CI [1.93–6.28]), home delivery (AHR: 1.9; 95% CI [1.06–3.6]), maternal history of gestational diabetes mellitus (AHR: 1.94; 95% CI [1.04–3.61]), and having additional congenital malformations (AHR: 2.49; 95% CI [1.33–4.67]) were significant predictors for neonatal mortality. Conclusion and recommendation: The incidence density of mortality was high compared to studies conducted in developed countries. Neonatal sepsis, type of congenital heart disease, place of delivery, maternal history of gestational diabetes mellitus, and having an additional congenital malformation were significant predictors of mortality among neonates with congenital heart disease. Therefore, healthcare providers should pay special attention to patients with identified predictors. Furthermore, the Federal Ministry of Health, stakeholders, and policymakers should collaborate to address this issue. © The Author(s) 2024.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and development of intergenerational overall and subtypes of cardiovascular diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: We aimed to summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and its intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) impacts in both mothers and offspring post-delivery in existing literature. Methods: PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Scopus were utilized for searching publications between January 1980 and June 2024, with data extraction and meta-analysis continuing until 31 July 2024. Based on a predefined PROSPERO protocol, studies published as full-length, English-language journal articles that reported the presence of GDM during pregnancy and its association with any CVD development post-delivery were selected. All studies were evaluated using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Maximally adjusted risk estimates were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis to assess the risk ratio (RR) of GDM, and overall and subtypes of CVDs in both mothers and offspring post-delivery. Results: The meta-analysis was based on 38 studies with a total of 77,678,684 participants. The results showed a 46% increased risk (RR 1.46, 95% CI 1.34–1.59) for mothers and a 23% increased risk (1.23, 1.05–1.45) for offspring of developing overall CVDs after delivery, following a GDM-complicated pregnancy. Our subgroup analysis revealed that mothers with a history of GDM faced various risks (20% to 2-fold) of developing different subtypes of CVDs, including cerebrovascular disease, coronary artery disease, heart failure, and venous thromboembolism. Conclusions: These findings underscore the heightened risk of developing various CVDs for mothers and offspring affected by GDM, emphasizing the importance of preventive measures even right after birth to mitigate the burden of CVDs in these populations. © The Author(s) 2024.
Association between pre-gravid body mass index and clinical outcomes in in vitro fertilization: a multicentered retrospective cohort study; Background: With the increasing incidence of obesity and the childbearing-age delay among women, a debate over obesity’s impacts on pregnancy and neonatal outcomes becomes hot. The potential negative effects of obesity and aging on fertility lead to an idea, whether an obese female pursuing IVF treatment can benefit from an ideal BMI achieved over a long-time weight loss process at the cost of aging? We aimed to assess the association between body mass index (BMI) and clinical or neonatal outcomes in patients undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF) treatment, for answering whether it is necessary to lose weight first for obese patients, particularly those at advanced age. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was performed using multicentered data from China. The women were stratified into 5 groups in terms of pre-gravid BMI (kg/m2) with the WHO obesity standard (group 1: BMI < 18.5; group 2: 18.5 ≤ BMI < 23.0; group 3: 23.0 ≤ BMI < 25.0; group 4: 25.0 ≤ BMI < 30.0; group 5: BMI ≥ 30.0). The primary outcome was cumulative live birth rate (CLBR), and other clinical and neonatal outcomes were weighed as secondary outcomes. Multivariate logistic regression analyses were carried to evaluate the association between BMI and the CLBR, or between BMI and some neonatal outcomes. Furthermore, we implemented a machine-learning algorithm to predict the CLBR based on age and BMI. Results: A total of 115,287 women who underwent first IVF cycles with autologous oocytes from January 2013 to December 2017 were included in our study. The difference in the CLBR among the five groups was statistically significant (P < 0.001). The multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that BMI had no significant impact on the CLBR, while women’s age associated with the CLBR negatively. Further, the calculation of the CLBR in different age stratifications among the five groups revealed that the CLBR lowered with age increasing, quantitatively, it decreased by approximately 2% for each one-year increment after 35 years old, while little difference observed in the CLBR corresponding to the five groups at the same age stratification. The machine-learning algorithm derived model showed that BMI’s effect on the CLBR in each age stratification was negligible, but age’s impact on the CLBR was overwhelming. The multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that BMI did not affect preterm birth, low birth weight infant, small for gestational age (SGA) and large for gestational age (LGA), while BMI was an independent risk factor for fetal macrosomia, which was positively associated with BMI. Conclusions: Maternal pre-gravid BMI had no association with the CLBR and neonatal outcomes, except for fetal macrosomia. While the CLBR was lowered with age increasing. For the IVF-pursuing women with obesity plus advanced age, rather than losing weight first, the sooner the treatment starts, the better. A multicentered prospective study with a large size of samples is needed to confirm this conclusion in the future. © The Author(s) 2024.
A holistic lifestyle mobile health intervention for the prevention of type 2 diabetes and common mental disorders in Asian women with a history of gestational diabetes: a randomised control trial with 3-year follow-up protocol; Background: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are 12-fold more likely to develop type 2 diabetes (T2D) 4–6 years after delivery than women without GDM. Similarly, GDM is associated with the development of common mental disorders (CMDs) (e.g. anxiety and depression). Evidence shows that holistic lifestyle interventions focusing on physical activity (PA), dietary intake, sleep, and mental well-being strategies can prevent T2D and CMDs. This study aims to assess the effectiveness of a holistic lifestyle mobile health intervention (mHealth) with post-GDM women in preventing T2D and CMDs in a community setting in Singapore. Methods: The study consists of a 1-year randomised controlled trial (RCT) with a 3-year follow-up period. Post-GDM women with no current diabetes diagnosis and not planning to become pregnant will be eligible for the study. In addition, participants will complete mental well-being questionnaires (e.g. depression, anxiety, sleep) and their child’s socio-emotional and cognitive development. The participants will be randomised to either Group 1 (Intervention) or Group 2 (comparison). The intervention group will receive the “LVL UP App”, a smartphone-based, conversational agent-delivered holistic lifestyle intervention focused on three pillars: Move More (PA), Eat Well (Diet), and Stress Less (mental wellbeing). The intervention consists of health literacy and psychoeducational coaching sessions, daily “Life Hacks” (healthy activity suggestions), slow-paced breathing exercises, a step tracker (including brisk steps), a low-burden food diary, and a journaling tool. Women from both groups will be provided with an Oura ring for tracking physical activity, sleep, and heart rate variability (a proxy for stress), and the “HAPPY App”, a mHealth app which provides health promotion information about PA, diet, sleep, and mental wellbeing, as well as display body mass index, blood pressure, and results from the oral glucose tolerance tests. Short-term aggregate effects will be assessed at 26/27 weeks (midpoint) and a 1-year visit, followed by a 2, 3, and 4-year follow-up period. Discussion: High rates of progression of T2D and CMDs in women with post-GDM suggest an urgent need to promote a healthy lifestyle, including diet, PA, sleep, and mental well-being. Preventive interventions through a holistic, healthy lifestyle may be the solution, considering the inextricable relationship between physical and psychological health. We expect that holistic lifestyle mHealth may effectively support behavioural changes among women with a history of GDM to prevent T2D and CMDs. Trial status: The protocol study was approved by the National Healthcare Group in Singapore, Domain Specific Review Board (DSRB) [2023/00178]; June 2023. Recruitment began on October 18, 2023. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05949957. The first submission date is June 08, 2023. © The Author(s) 2024.
No role of the third-trimester inflammatory factors in the association of gestational diabetes mellitus with postpartum cardiometabolic indicators; Background: The influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on postpartum cardiometabolic indicators is primarily restricted to glucose and lipid metabolism, however the indicators for liver and kidney function have been rarely explored, and the role of the third-trimester inflammatory factors in these associations has never been investigated. Methods: Based on the Ma’anshan birth cohort (MABC), women with or without GDM history were selected and invited to participate in a 6-year postpartum follow-up. The fasting blood samples were collected to measure 16 comprehensive metabolic indicators during a 6-year postpartum follow-up: fasting plasma glucose (FPG), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), uric acid (UA), blood urea nitrogen (BUN), serum creatinine (SCR), etc. Seven inflammatory factors, including TNF-α, IFN-γ, IL-1β, IL-6, IL-10, IL-12p70, and IL-17 A, were measured with serum samples collected during the third trimester of pregnancy. Linear regression models were used to analyze the associations between GDM and 6-year postpartum metabolic indicators, GDM and third-trimester inflammatory factors, and the third-trimester inflammatory factors and 6-year postpartum metabolic indicators. Mediating and moderating effect analyses were further performed to explore if the third-trimester inflammatory factors mediate or modify the association between GDM and postpartum cardiometabolic indicators. Results: From July 2021 to August 2022, 307 participants have been followed up, with 99 women with a prior GDM history. Compared with those without GDM, individuals with a prior history of GDM had significantly elevated levels of FPG (β = 0.40, 95% CI: 0.18 to 0.62, PFDR < 0.001), HbA1c (β = 0.22, 95% CI: 0.09 to 0.34, PFDR = 0.009), TyG (β = 0.22, 95% CI: 0.07 to 0.37, PFDR = 0.024) at 6 years postpartum, and the association between GDM and SCR (β = 2.43, 95% CI: 0.02 to 4.85, PFDR = 0.144) reached nominal significance level. GDM history was associated with a decreased level of third-trimester IL-17 A (β = -0.58, 95% CI: -0.99 to -0.18, PFDR = 0.035). No significant association between third-trimester inflammatory factors and 6-year postpartum metabolic indicators was observed. And no mediating or moderating effect of third-trimester inflammatory factors was observed in those associations. Conclusion: A prior history of GDM was significantly associated with elevated FPG, HbA1c, and TyG in women at 6 years postpartum, whereas third-trimester inflammatory factors had no role in mediating or moderating these associations. © The Author(s) 2024.
Mid-upper arm circumference predicts the risk of gestational diabetes in early pregnancy; Background: The present work aimed to assess the value of mid-upper arm circumference (MUAC) at 8 to 12 weeks in predicting the occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: According to eligibility criteria, 328 women with singleton pregnancies who underwent routine antenatal check-ups at Qinhuangdao Maternal and Child Health Hospital from September 2017 to September 2020 were included. The patients were divided into the gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and non-GDM groups according to oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) data from gestation weeks 24 to 28. Clinical data were compared between the two groups. Logistic regression analysis was performed to determine factors independently predicting GDM. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis was employed to analyze the value of MUAC in predicting the occurrence of GDM. The optimal cut-off points were calculated. Results: In logistic regression analysis, pre-pregnancy weight, waist circumference, MUAC, UA, TG, and HDL-C independently predicted the occurrence of GDM (P < 0.05). MUAC retained statistical significance upon adjustment for various confounders (OR = 8.851, 95%CI: 3.907–20.048; P < 0.001). ROC curve analysis revealed good diagnostic potential for MUAC in GDM (AUC = 0.742, 95%CI: 0.684–0.800, P < 0.001), with a cut-off of 28.5 cm, sensitivity and specificity were 61% and 77%, respectively. Conclusion: Pregnant women with MUAC >28.5 cm are prone to develop GDM during pregnancy, indicating that MUAC as an important predictive factor of GDM in early pregnancy. © The Author(s) 2024.
Pregnancy related complications in women with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy: a nationwide population-based cohort study; Background: The impact of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) on cardiovascular and obstetrical outcomes in pregnant women remains unclear, particularly in Asian populations. This study aimed to evaluate the maternal cardiovascular and obstetrical outcomes in Korean women with HCM. Methods: Using data from the Korean National Health Insurance Service database, we identified women who gave birth via cesarean section or vaginal delivery after being diagnosed with HCM between 2006 and 2019. Maternal cardiovascular and obstetrical outcomes were assessed based on the trimester of pregnancy. Results: This study included 122 women and 158 pregnancies. No maternal deaths were noted; however, 21 cardiovascular events, such as hospital admission for cardiac problems, including heart failure and atrial fibrillation (AF), new-onset AF or ventricular tachycardia (VT) occurred in 14 pregnancies (8.8%). Cardiac events occurred throughout pregnancy with a higher occurrence in the third trimester. Cesarean sections were performed in 49.3% of the cases, and all cardiovascular outcomes occurring after delivery were observed in patients who had undergone cesarean sections. Seven cases involved preterm delivery, and two of these cases were accompanied by cardiac events, specifically AF. Pre-existing arrhythmia (AF: odds ratio (OR): 7.44, 95% confidence interval (CI): 2.61–21.21, P < 0.001; VT: OR: 31.61, 95% CI: 5.85–172.77, P < 0.001) was identified as a predictor for composite outcomes of cardiovascular events or preterm delivery. Conclusions: Most pregnant women with HCM were well-tolerated. However, cardiovascular complications could occur in some patients. Therefore, planned delivery may be necessary for selected patients, especially the women with pre-existing arrhythmias. © The Author(s) 2024.
Effect of Breastfeeding Duration on Coagulation in Women With and Without History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Context: Breastfeeding is associated with a reduced maternal risk for cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Objective: Since the underlying mechanisms are still poorly understood, we here examined the effect of breastfeeding on the plasmatic coagulation system in women with and without history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: A total of 76 participants of the German Gestational Diabetes Study (PREG; NCT04270578) were examined 14 months (interquartile range [IQR], 12-26 months) after delivery with a 5-point oral glucose tolerance test. Global coagulation tests, prothrombotic coagulation proteins (FII/FVII/FVIII/FIX), antithrombotic proteins (antithrombin, protein C/S), and endothelial markers (von Willebrand factor and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1) were determined. The Framingham risk score was used to estimate the 10-year CV risk. The effect of breastfeeding duration on coagulation was analyzed using multivariable linear models. Results: The mean duration of breastfeeding was 11 months (IQR, 7-14 months). Overall, longer duration of breastfeeding was associated with lower CV risk (Framingham risk score; P =. 05) and was negatively associated with FIX (P =. 018). We detected an interaction between previous GDM and breastfeeding duration for FIX (PInteraction =. 017): Only in women with GDM history was the duration of breastfeeding negatively associated with FIX activity (P =. 016). This association persisted in statistical models adjusted for age, body mass index, insulin sensitivity, and C-reactive protein. The duration of breastfeeding was not associated with anticoagulant proteins and endothelial markers. Conclusion: Longer duration of breastfeeding is associated with lower CV risk and an improved coagulation profile. Women with GDM history appear to benefit particularly from prolonged breastfeeding.  © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society.
Characteristics, Physiopathology and Management of Dyslipidemias in Pregnancy: A Narrative Review; Dyslipidemia is a significant risk factor for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). During pregnancy, physiological changes elevate cholesterol and triglyceride levels to support fetal development, which can exacerbate pre-existing conditions and lead to complications such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and increased ASCVD risk for both mother and child. Effective management strategies are necessary, especially for pregnant women with inherited forms of dyslipidemia (i.e., familial hypertriglyceridemia, hyperchylomicronemia), where personalized dietary adjustments are crucial for successful pregnancy outcomes. Pharmacological interventions and lipoprotein apheresis may be necessary for severe cases, though their use is often limited by factors such as cost, availability, and potential fetal risks. Despite the promise of advanced therapies, their widespread application remains constrained by limited studies and high costs. Thus, a personalized, multidisciplinary approach is essential for optimizing outcomes. This review provides a comprehensive overview of current strategies and evidence-based practices for managing dyslipidemia during pregnancy, emphasizing the balance of maternal and fetal health. Additionally, it discusses the physiological changes in lipid metabolism during pregnancy and their implications, particularly for women with inherited forms of dyslipidemia. © 2024 by the authors.
The combined impact of migraine and gestational diabetes on long-term risk of premature myocardial infarction and stroke: A population-based cohort study; Objective: To examine the combined impact of migraine and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the risks of premature (persons aged ≤60 years) major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCE) based on a composite endpoint of fatal and non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke. Background: Migraine and GDM are risk factors for cardiovascular disease. It is unknown how the combination of migraine and GDM may affect cardiovascular disease risk. Methods: In a Danish population-based cohort longitudinal study, we established four cohorts among women with at least one pregnancy during 1996–2018: women with migraine, women with GDM, women with both migraine and GDM, and women free of migraine and free of GDM. Risks of premature MACCE and component endpoints were assessed for each cohort. Results: We included 1,307,456 women free of migraine and free of GDM, 56,811 women with migraine, 24,700 women with GDM, and 1484 women with migraine and GDM. The 20-year absolute risk of MACCE was 1.3% (MI: 0.4%, ischemic stroke: 0.6%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.3%) among women free of migraine and free of GDM, 2.3% (MI: 0.8%, ischemic stroke: 1.2%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.5%) among women with migraine, 2.2% (MI: 1.0%, ischemic stroke: 1.0%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.4%) among women with GDM, and 3.7% (MI: 1.7%, ischemic stroke: 1.7%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.3%) among women with both migraine and GDM. The 20-year adjusted hazard ratio of premature MACCE was 1.65 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.49–1.82) for women with migraine; 1.64 (95% CI 1.37–1.96) for women with GDM; and 2.35 (95% CI 1.03–5.36) for women with both GDM and migraine when compared with women free of migraine and free of GDM. Conclusions: Migraine and GDM were each independently associated with an increased risk of MACCE. Risk of premature MACCE was greatest among women with both migraine and GDM, although this risk estimate was imprecise. © 2024 The Author(s). Headache: The Journal of Head and Face Pain published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American Headache Society.
Standardization of coding definitions for sickle cell disease complications: A systematic literature review; Purpose: Sickle cell disease (SCD) affects all organ systems and is characterized by numerous acute and chronic complications and comorbidities. Standardized codes are needed for complications/comorbidities used in real-world evidence (RWE) studies that rely on administrative and medical coding. This systematic literature review was conducted to produce a comprehensive list of complications/comorbidities associated with SCD, along with their diagnosis codes used in RWE studies. Methods: A search in MEDLINE and Embase identified studies published from 2016 to 2023. Studies were included if they were conducted in US SCD populations and reported complications/comorbidities and respective International Classification of Diseases, Clinical Modification (ICD-CM) codes. All identified complications/comorbidities and codes were reviewed by a certified medical coding expert and hematologist. Results: Of 1851 identified studies, 39 studies were included. The most reported complications/comorbidities were stroke, acute chest syndrome, pulmonary embolism, venous thromboembolism, and vaso-occlusive crisis. Most of the studies used ICD-9-CM codes (n = 21), while some studies used ICD-10-CM codes (n = 3) or both (n = 15), depending on the study period. Most codes reported in literature were heterogeneous across complications/comorbidities. The medical coding expert and hematologist recommended modifications for several conditions. Conclusion: While many studies we identified did not report their codes and were excluded from this review, the studies with codes exhibited diverse coding definitions. By providing a standardized set of diagnosis codes that were reported by studies and reviewed by a coding expert and hematologist, our review can serve as a foundation for accurately identifying complications/comorbidities in future research, and may reduce heterogeneity, enhance transparency, and improve reproducibility. Future efforts focused on validating these code lists are needed. © 2024 Pfizer Inc and The Authors. Pharmacoepidemiology and Drug Safety published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The impact of antenatal cluster management on maternal delivery and postpartum rehabilitation; Objective: Pregnancy care can improve maternal pregnancy outcomes. Cluster nursing, an evidence-based, patient-centered model, enhances pregnancy care, can provide patients with high-quality nursing services, has been widely used in clinical practice in recent years. However, most previous studies evaluated cluster nursing program only for a single clinical scenario. In this study, we developed and implemented a antenatal cluster care program for various prenatal issues faced by puerpera to analyze its application effect. Methods: This is a historical before and after control study. 89 expectant mothers who had their prenatal information files registered in the outpatient department of a grade III, level A hospital from June 2020 to September 2021 were finally enrolled in observation group, and received prenatal cluster management. Another set of 89 expectant mothers from January 2019 to December 2019 were included in the control group and received traditional routine prenatal management. The effect of cluster nursing management on maternal delivery and postpartum rehabilitation was evaluated and compared between the two groups. Results: Compared with the control group, the observation group had a significantly higher natural delivery rate, better neonatal prognosis, higher rates of exclusive breastfeeding, lower incidence of postpartum complications, shorter postpartum hospital stay, better postpartum health status, and higher satisfaction with nursing services. Compared with before intervention, the SAS and SDS scores of the observation group showed significant improvement after intervention. Conclusion: Antenatal cluster care is beneficial to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes, and can have positive effects on natural pregnancy and breastfeeding, while improving the multimedia health education ability of medical care and emphasizing the importance of social support. © The Author(s) 2024.
Maternal hyperglycemia affects cell proliferation signalling and stromal organization in the prostate of neonatal and juvenile rat offspring; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a common medical complication during pregnancy. It creates a hyperglycemic environment and impacts offspring development, increasing the risk of long-term complications, including obesity, impaired glucose metabolism and cardiovascular disease. The impact of gestational diabetes on the prostates of adult offspring has already been described; however, it is not known whether these effects are due only to the maternal condition or whether the offspring develop them throughout life. This investigation evaluated the prostates of neonatal and juvenile offspring of hyperglycemic rats due to diabetes. Diabetes was induced with streptozotocin (50 mg/kg, ip) in pregnant Wistar rats and the prostates of 7- or 30-day-old pups from healthy (PC7, PC30) or diabetic (PD7, PD30) mothers were evaluated. We found reduced body weight in pups of PD7 and PD30 and prostate weight in PD30. Prostate branching was not affected, but a reduction in apoptotic levels was associated with impaired acinar bud canalization in neonates. Additionally, PD7 presented reduced ERK1/2 phosphorylation, cell proliferation and collagen, but fibroblasts were increased. In PD30, there was a reduction in the area of the secretory epithelium and stroma, but the luminal area was increased. Moreover, fibroblasts, smooth muscle cells, collagen and metalloproteinase 2 were decreased in these juvenile pups. These data indicate that maternal hyperglycemia inactivates an important cell proliferation signaling pathway in the prostate in the first postnatal days (which is restored in the juvenile period), but it was not sufficient to avoid epithelial and stromal atrophy. This effect on postnatal gland development may impact the reproductive capacity of the prostate in adult life. © 2024 Elsevier GmbH
Is It Diabetes or Just Macrosomia? Fetal Myocardial Performance Index in Large-for-Gestational Age Fetuses; Our aim in this study was to investigate whether there is an association between large-for-gestational age (LGA) fetuses and myocardial performance index (MPI). This is a cross-sectional study conducted from July 2022 to July 2023. Prospectively gathered data from 65 LGA cases and 65 age and gestational-age (GA)-matched controls were analyzed. Presence of polyhydramnios and diabetes were recorded in the study group. Fetal left ventricular mod-MPI, peak systolic velocity (PSV) of E and A waves, umbilical and middle cerebral artery (MCA) pulsatility indexes (PI) were sonographically measured. Association between these sonographic measures and LGA fetuses were sought. The LGA group had 33 diabetic cases (22 GDM and 11 PGDM). The LGA group had greater mod-MPI (0.51 vs. 0.45, p = 0.0048). The LGA group also had prolonged isovolumetric contraction time (ICT), compared to controls (37 ms vs. 33 ms, p = 0.008). ICT was longer in LGA fetuses with non-diabetic mothers (38 ms vs. 33 ms, p = 0.009). LGA fetuses with polyhydramnios but without diabetic mothers had also longer ICT (39 ms vs. 33 ms, p = 0.002). Mod-MPI was similar in controls and LGA without diabetes/LGA with polyhydramnios but without diabetes subgroups. Our results indicate that fetal mod-MPI values are higher in LGA fetuses and ICT is prolonged among LGA fetuses irrespective of presence of maternal diabetes. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2024.
Prevalence of Comorbidities among Patients with Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus in Saudi Population; Objective: This study sought to quantify the link between low density lipoprotein (LDL) and cholesterol, glycemic control as measured by Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) level, and the impact of weight changes on subsequent risk of chronic heart disease in type-2 diabetes mellitus patients. Methods: This study was conducted at Primary Care Clinics from April to September 2023. The data were retrieved from the e-SiHi (a patient care management system). Appropriate parametric tests and non-parametric analysis were applied following the normality of the data. Results: In diabetes mellitus (DM) patients, the Pearson correlation between the cholesterol and LDL relationship was found to be strongly positive and statistically significant (r = .877, p <.001). HbA1c and cholesterol were moderately positive and statistically significant (r =.330, p =.003). Pearson correlation between DM and weight was found to be positive and statistically significant (r =.212, p =.05). Chi-square analysis showed an association of DM with Hypertension, and this association was also significant; X2 (1, n = 83; 11.877; P <.001). Conclusion: Diabetes mellitus regardless of gender, has a strong association with hypertension and weight gain. In DM patients, cholesterol and HbA1c are positively correlated. There is a strong need that primary care physicians should persistently advise for lifestyle changes in all their consultations with DM patients. © 2024, Professional Medical Publications. All rights reserved.
Clinical course of pregnancy-associated spontaneous coronary artery dissection: a case series; Background: Spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD) is the most important cause of acute coronary syndromes during pregnancy and in the post-partum period and involves a spontaneous intimal tear or intramural haematoma of a coronary artery. Pregnancy-associated SCAD accounts for a minority of SCAD cases but is associated with a high rate of adverse events. Case summary: We present a series of three cases with pregnancy-associated SCAD. All patients presented with acute coronary syndromes in the post-partum period, between 12 days and 5 months after delivery. They all had additional conditions that are associated with SCAD, such as fibromuscular dysplasia and migraine. The management of one patient was uncomplicated, however, the courses of the other two were characterized by adverse events. One presented after an out-of-hospital cardiac arrest, the other presented with multivessel SCAD and developed progression and recurrence of SCAD during follow-up. In conclusion, the patients could be successfully treated conservatively and were in good condition at their latest follow-ups. Discussion: This case series highlights the wide range of clinical courses that could exist in pregnancy-associated SCAD, from a benign manifestation to a life-threatening condition. Importantly, those patients are at an increased risk for acute and late adverse events.  © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Cardiology.
Association between atherogenic index of plasma and gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study based on the Korean population; Background: Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a non-traditional lipid parameter that can reflect the burden of atherosclerosis. A lipid profile resembling atherosclerosis emerged during pregnancy. Although lipid metabolism is pivotal in diabetes pathogenesis, there is no evidence linking AIP to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Therefore, our objective was to explore the relationship between AIP and GDM and assess AIP's predictive capability for GDM. Methods: This was a secondary analysis based on data from a prospective cohort study in Korea involving 585 single pregnant women. AIP was calculated as log10 (TG/HDL). We examined the relationship between AIP and GDM using logistic regression models, curve fitting, sensitivity analyses, and subgroup analyses. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was also used to determine the ability of AIP to predict GDM. Results: The average age of the participants was 32.06 ± 3.76 years. The AIP was 0.24 ± 0.20 on average. The GDM incidence was 6.15%. After adjustment for potentially confounding variables, AIP showed a positive linear relationship with GDM (P for non-linearity: 0.801, OR 1.58, 95% CI 1.27–1.97). The robustness of the connection between AIP and GDM was demonstrated by sensitivity analyses and subgroup analyses. An area under the ROC curve of 0.7879 (95% CI 0.7087–0.8671) indicates that AIP is an excellent predictor of GDM. With a specificity of 75.41% and sensitivity of 72.22%, the ideal AIP cut-off value for identifying GDM was 0.3557. Conclusions: This study revealed that the AIP at 10–14 weeks of gestation was independently and positively correlated with GDM risk. AIP could serve as an early screening and monitoring tool for pregnant women at high risk of GDM, thereby optimizing GDM prevention strategies. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov registration no. NCT02276144. Graphical abstract: (Figure presented.) © The Author(s) 2024.
N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide levels vary by ethnicity and are associated with insulin sensitivity after gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Individuals of South Asian origin have a greater risk of cardiovascular disease after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) than European individuals. B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) and the amino-terminal fragment of its prohormone (NT-proBNP) are commonly used for heart failure screening and diagnosis, but biologically BNP exerts several beneficial cardiovascular effects primarily by counteracting the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system. We asked whether ethnic differences in circulating NT-proBNP levels could be explained by the differences in cardiometabolic and inflammatory risk markers? Methods: We examined 162 South Asian and 107 Nordic women in Norway 1–3 years after GDM with a clinical examination, fasting blood samples and an oral glucose tolerance test. We measured the levels of NT-proBNP, high-sensitivity cardiac troponin T, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), leptin, adiponectin and markers of insulin sensitivity, such as the Matsuda insulin sensitivity index (ISI). Finally, we tried to identify which independent covariate best mediated the ethnic differences in NT-proBNP. Results: The mean (SD) age was 35.3 (4.5) years, BMI 29.1 (6.0) kg/m2, waist-height ratio 0.60 (0.08) and 164 women (61%) had prediabetes/diabetes. Notably, South Asian women had lower levels of NT-proBNP than Nordic women in both the normoglycemic and prediabetes/diabetes groups (median (IQR) 26 (15–38) vs. 42 (22–66) ng/L, p < 0.001). Higher NT-proBNP levels were associated with greater insulin sensitivity in both South Asian and Nordic women (p = 0.005 and p < 0.001). South Asian women had higher levels of hsCRP (median (IQR) 2.2 (1.1–4.4) vs. 1.2 (0.3–4.2) mg/L), IL-6 (2.3 (1.5–3.2) vs. 1.5 (1.5–2.5) pg/mL), leptin (1647 (1176–2480) vs. 1223 (876–2313) pmol/L), and lower adiponectin levels (7.2 (5.3–9.3) vs. 10.0 (7.2–13.5) mg/L) and Matsuda ISI (2.4 (1.7–3.7) vs. 4.2 (2.9–6.1), pall<0.01) than Nordic women. Even after adjusting for these differences, higher NT-proBNP levels remained associated with insulin sensitivity (22% higher NT-proBNP per SD Matsuda ISI, p = 0.015). Insulin sensitivity and adiponectin mediated 53% and 41% of the ethnic difference in NT-proBNP. Conclusions: NT-proBNP levels are lower in South Asian than in Nordic women after GDM. Lower NT-proBNP levels correlate with impaired insulin sensitivity. Lower NT-proBNP levels in South Asian women could, therefore, be attributed to impaired insulin sensitivity rather than total body fat. © The Author(s) 2024.
Gene therapy by virus-like self-spooling toroidal DNA condensates for revascularization of hindlimb ischemia; Peripheral arterial diseases (PAD) have been reported to be the leading cause for limb amputations, and the current therapeutic strategies including antiplatelet medication or intervene surgery are reported to not clinically benefit the patients with high-grade PAD. To this respect, revascularization based on angiogenetic vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) gene therapy was attempted for the potential treatment of critical PAD. Aiming for transcellular delivery of VEGF-encoding plasmid DNA (pDNA), we proposed to elaborate intriguing virus-like DNA condensates, wherein the supercoiled rigid micrometer-scaled plasmid DNA (pDNA) could be regulated in an orderly fashion into well-defined nano-toroids by following a self-spooling process with the aid of cationic block copolymer poly(ethylene glycol)-polylysine at an extraordinary ionic strength (NaCl: 600 mM). Moreover, reversible disulfide crosslinking was proposed between the polylysine segments with the aim of stabilizing these intriguing toroidal condensates. Pertaining to the critical hindlimb ischemia, our proposed toroidal VEGF-encoding pDNA condensates demonstrated high levels of VEGF expression at the dosage sites, which consequently contributed to the neo-vasculature (the particularly abundant formation of micro-vessels in the injected hindlimb), preventing the hindlimb ischemia from causing necrosis at the extremities. Moreover, excellent safety profiles have been demonstrated by our proposed toroidal condensates, as opposed to the apparent immunogenicity of the naked pDNA. Hence, our proposed virus-like DNA condensates herald potentials as gene therapy platform in persistent expressions of the therapeutic proteins, and might consequently be highlighted in the management of a variety of intractable diseases. (Figure presented.) © The Author(s) 2024.
Congenital anomalies in pregnancies with overt and pregestational type 2 diabetes: a gray portrayal from a cohort in Brazil; Objective: To describe the frequency and types of congenital anomalies and associated risk factors in Brazilian women with type 2 diabetes. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study between 2005 and 2021, we included all pregnant participants with type 2 diabetes from the two major public hospitals in southern Brazil. We collected data from the electronic hospital records. Congenital anomalies were classified by the 10th revised International Classification of Diseases, Q chapter, enhanced by the EUROCAT registry classification, and categorized by type and gravity. We used multiple Poisson regression with robust estimates to estimate risks. Results: Among 648 participants, we excluded 19, and 62 were lost to follow-up; therefore, we included 567 participants. Overt diabetes arose in 191 participants (33.7%, 95% CI 30.0% – 38.0%). Less than 20% of the participants supplemented folate. Congenital anomalies occurred in 78 neonates (13.8%, CI 11.0 − 16.9%), 73 babies (93.6%) presented major anomalies, and 20 (10.5%) cases occurred in participants with overt diabetes. Cardiac anomalies were the most frequent (43 isolated and 12 combined). Pre-eclampsia was associated with an increased risk in the analyses including all women (adjusted RR 1.87 (95% CI 1.23–2.85), p = 0.003), but not in analyses including only women with an HbA1c measured up to the 14th gestational age. HbA1c, either measured at any time in pregnancy (adjusted RR 1.21 (95% CI 1.10–1.33), p < 0.001) or up to the first 14 weeks (adjusted RR 1.22, 95% CI 1.10–1.35, p < 0.001) was the only sustained risk factor. Risk factors such as maternal age, obesity, diabetes diagnosis, or use of antidiabetic medications were not associated with congenital anomalies. Conclusion: We found a high frequency of congenital anomalies associated with poor maternal glycemic control and revealed an almost universal lack of preconception care. An urgent call to action is mandatory for the reversal of this gray scenario. © The Author(s) 2024.
Glucose control during pregnancy in patients with type 1 diabetes correlates with fetal hemodynamics: a prospective longitudinal study; Background: Maternal diabetes adversely affects fetal cardiovascular system development. Previous studies have reported that the fetuses of mothers with diabetes exhibit both structural and functional changes; nevertheless, prior studies have not examined the association between glucose control and fetal cardiac morphology and performance. Thus, the objective was to determine the association between fetal cardiac morphology and function and maternal glucose control in type 1 diabetes and to compare the differences in measured cardiac parameters between the fetuses of mothers with diabetes and healthy controls. Methods: In this prospective, longitudinal case-control study — including 62 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes mellitus and 30 healthy pregnant women — fetal cardiac assessment using B-mode, M-mode, and spectral pulsed-wave Doppler was performed in the second and third trimesters. In women with T1DM, glycated hemoglobin and data obtained from glucose sensors — including the percentage of time in, below, and above the range (TIR, TBR, and TAR, respectively), and coefficient of variation (CV) — were analyzed across three time periods: the last menstrual period to 13 (V1), 14–22 (V2), and 23–32 weeks (V3) of gestation. Fetal cardiac indices were compared between groups, and the correlation between glucose control and fetal cardiac indices was assessed. Results: At 28–32 weeks, the fetuses of women with T1DM exhibited increased left ventricular end-diastolic length, relative interventricular septum thickness, right ventricular cardiac output, and pulmonary valve peak systolic velocity compared with healthy controls. At 18–22 weeks, pulmonary and aortic valve diameters, left and right ventricular stroke volumes, and left cardiac output inversely correlated with the CV and glycated hemoglobin levels at V1 and V2. Furthermore, at 28–32 weeks, pulmonary and aortic valve diameters, left ventricular stroke volume, cardiac output, and right/left atrioventricular valve ratio inversely correlated with the TBR at V1, V2, and V3. Moreover, diastolic functional parameters correlated with the TAR and glycated hemoglobin levels, particularly after the first trimester. Conclusion: In women with T1DM, maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy correlates with fetal diastolic function, whereas glucose variability and hypoglycemia inversely correlate with fetal left ventricular systolic function in the second and third trimesters. © The Author(s) 2024.
Assessment of vitamin status; A, E and D in Egyptian neonates with IUGR: a cross sectional study; Background: Neonates with intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) may present with fatal complications and permanent serious consequences. Vitamin status may influence fetal development. In this study we assessed vitamin A, E and D concentrations in umbilical cord blood in newborns with IUGR. Methods: Maternal data were obtained. Neonatal assessment included; age of gestation calculated from last menstrual period, Ultrasound (U/S), new Ballard, Apgar scores and anthropometric measurements including; Head circumference, length and weight. WHO growth percentile curves were used. Vitamin A, E and D in cord blood samples were measured by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) and ELISA consecutively. Results: A total of 86 full term newborns were enrolled in this study, 42 (48.8%) with IUGR with gestational age (33.59 ± 1.20) week by U/S and 44 (51.2%) appropriate for gestational age neonates with gestational age (38.70 ± 1.50). Ballard and Apgar scores (p < 0.05) and Z scores for weight, length and head circumference (p < 0.001) at birth were significantly lower in neonates with Intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) than appropriate for gestational age (AGA) neonates. The levels of Vitamin A, E and D were significantly lower in the IUGR group than the AGA (p < 0.05) for all. Significant positive correlations of weight with vitamin A, and E cord blood levels were found (p < 0.05), while length was significantly positively correlated only with vitamin A (p < 0.05). Head circumference showed significant positive correlations with the three vitamins (p < 0.05) for all. Conclusion: Neonates with IUGR had significantly lower levels of Vitamin A, E and D than AGA neonates. Significant positive correlations of weight with vitamin A, and E cord blood levels was detected, while neonatal length was associated only with vitamin A level. The present study highlights the significance of nutritional policies for inhibiting deficiency of these vitamins during pregnancy and childhood. © The Author(s) 2024.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Subsequent Risks of Diabetes and Cardiovascular Diseases: the Life Course Perspective and Implications of Racial Disparities; Purpose of Review: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common pregnancy complications worldwide and the prevalence is continuously rising globally. Importantly, GDM is not an isolated complication of pregnancy. Growing evidence suggests that individuals with GDM, compared to those without GDM, have an increased risk of subsequent type 2 diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Substantial racial and ethnic disparities exist in the risk of GDM. However, the role of race and ethnicity in the progression from GDM to T2D and CVD remains unclear. The purpose of the current review is to summarize recent research about GDM and its life-course impacts on cardiometabolic health, including 1) the peak time of developing T2D and CVD risks after GDM, 2) the racial and ethnic disparities in the risk cardiometabolic diseases after GDM, 3) the biological plausibility and underlying mechanisms, and 4) recommendations for screening and prevention of cardiometabolic diseases among individuals with GDM, collectively to provide an updated review to guide future research. Recent Findings: Growing evidence has indicated that individuals with GDM had greater risks of T2D (7.4 to 9.6 times), hypertension (78% higher), and CDV events (74% higher) after GDM than their non-GDM counterparts. More recently, a few studies also suggested that GDM could slightly increase the risk of mortality. Available evidence suggests that key CVD risk factors such as blood pressure, plasma glucose, and lipids levels are all elevated as early as < 1 year postpartum in individuals with GDM. The risk of T2D and hypertension is likely to reach a peak between 3–6 years after the index pregnancy with GDM compared to normal glycemia pregnancy. Cumulative evidence also suggests that the risk of cardiometabolic diseases including T2D, hypertension, and CVD events after GDM varies by race and ethnicity. However, whether the risk is higher in certain racial and ethnic groups and whether the pattern may vary by the postpartum cardiometabolic outcome of interest remain unclear. The underlying mechanisms linking GDM and subsequent T2D and CVD are complex, often involving multiple pathways and their interactions, with the specific mechanisms varying by individuals of different racial and ethnic backgrounds. Diabetes and CVD risk screening among individuals with GDM should be initiated early during postpartum and continue, if possible, frequently. Unfortunately, adherence to postpartum glucose testing with either obstetrician or primary care providers remained poor among individuals with GDM. Summary: A life-course perspective may provide critical information to address clinical and public health gaps in postpartum screening and interventions for preventing T2D and CVD risks in individuals with GDM. Future research investigating the racial- and ethnic-specific risk of progression from GDM to cardiometabolic diseases and the role of multi-domain factors including lifestyle, biological, and socio-contextual factors are warranted to inform tailored and culture-appropriate interventions for high-risk subpopulations. Further, examining the barriers to postpartum glucose testing among individuals with GDM is crucial for the effective prevention of cardiometabolic diseases and for enhancing life-long health. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2024.
Fostering cardio-endometriosis: a call to action for a comprehensive understanding of cardiovascular disease in endometriosis; Recently, a growing body of evidence has highlighted a concerning link between endometriosis and cardiovascular disease. Endometriosis, a chronic, inflammatory, hormone-dependent condition affecting 5-10% of reproductive-aged women worldwide, has long been associated with reproductive and gynaecological consequences. However, emerging research has suggested that it may also contribute to adverse cardiovascular outcomes. This paper aims to shed light on the importance of recognizing cardio-endometriosis as a new and developing sphere of research in the field of cardiology, thereby urging the medical community to address this pressing issue.  © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Cardiology. All rights reserved.
A hybrid Transformer-LSTM model apply to glucose prediction; The global prevalence of diabetes is escalating, with estimates indicating that over 536.6 million individuals were afflicted by 2021, accounting for approximately 10.5% of the world’s population. Effective management of diabetes, particularly monitoring and prediction of blood glucose levels, remains a significant challenge due to the severe health risks associated with inaccuracies, such as hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia. This study addresses this critical issue by employing a hybrid Transformer-LSTM (Long Short-Term Memory) model designed to enhance the accuracy of future glucose level predictions based on data from Continuous Glucose Monitoring (CGM) systems. This innovative approach aims to reduce the risk of diabetic complications and improve patient outcomes. We utilized a dataset which contain more than 32000 data points comprising CGM data from eight patients collected by Suzhou Municipal Hospital in Jiangsu Province, China. This dataset includes historical glucose readings and equipment calibration values, making it highly suitable for developing predictive models due to its richness and real-time applicability. Our findings demonstrate that the hybrid Transformer-LSTM model significantly outperforms the standard LSTM model, achieving Mean Square Error (MSE) values of 1.18, 1.70, and 2.00 at forecasting intervals of 15, 30, and 45 minutes, respectively. This research underscores the potential of advanced machine learning techniques in the proactive management of diabetes, a critical step toward mitigating its impact. © 2024 Bian et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Relative uteroplacental insufficiency of labor; Relative uteroplacental insufficiency of labor (RUPI-L) is a clinical condition that refers to alterations in the fetal oxygen “demand–supply” equation caused by the onset of regular uterine activity. The term RUPI-L indicates a condition of “relative” uteroplacental insufficiency which is relative to a specific stressful circumstance, such as the onset of regular uterine activity. RUPI-L may be more prevalent in fetuses in which the ratio between the fetal oxygen supply and demand is already slightly reduced, such as in cases of subclinical placental insufficiency, post-term pregnancies, gestational diabetes, and other similar conditions. Prior to the onset of regular uterine activity, fetuses with a RUPI-L may present with normal features on the cardiotocography. However, with the onset of uterine contractions, these fetuses start to manifest abnormal fetal heart rate patterns which reflect the attempt to maintain adequate perfusion to essential central organs during episodes of transient reduction in oxygenation. If labor is allowed to continue without an appropriate intervention, progressively more frequent, and stronger uterine contractions may result in a rapid deterioration of the fetal oxygenation leading to hypoxia and acidosis. In this Commentary, we introduce the term relative uteroplacental insufficiency of labor and highlight the pathophysiology, as well as the common features observed in the fetal heart rate tracing and clinical implications. © 2024 The Author(s). Acta Obstetricia et Gynecologica Scandinavica published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Nordic Federation of Societies of Obstetrics and Gynecology (NFOG).
Cardiovascular risk factors in Moroccan women: systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are the major cause of disability and premature death. This is due to the ascending trend of consuming an unhealthy diet and obesity which increases the risk of hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The main aim of this review was to fill the knowledge gap by providing an up-to-date overview of the prevalence of CVD risk factors among women and to estimate the pooled prevalence among adolescent and pregnant women in Morocco. Methods: The review included original cross-sectional studies reporting the prevalence of CVD risk factors in Moroccan women aged ≥ 15 years, published between January 2008 and December 2022. The databases searched included MEDLINE, Scopus, Web of Science, Google Scholar and national government publications (PROSPERO ID: CRD42023426809). Results: Initially, 1471 articles were identified, and 76 studies were included. The most commonly reported CVD risk factor was obesity (reported in 56 studies), the prevalence of obesity varies according to the age groups of women with the rate being particularly high in urban women aged ≥ 35 years (ranging of 14–44.9%). Followed by diabetes (ranging from 7.2 to 12.6%) with a high rate in menopausal women. Hypertension prevalence ranged from 29.8 to 39.29%. Among adolescents, the overall prevalence of obesity was 3.15% (95% CI: 2.6%, 3.7%) and the prevalence of physical inactivity was 56.5% (95% CI: 36.9 − 76%). Among pregnant women, the overall prevalence of obesity was 26.8% (95% CI: 15.5 − 38.2%). Gestational diabetes and hypertension were 15.2% (95% CI: 6.3 − 24.1%) and 7.07% (95% CI: 2.5 − 11.6%), respectively. Conclusion: This review highlights the significant burden of CVD risk factors among Moroccan women, with a high prevalences of diabetes, obesity, hypertension. The prevalences of these risk factors varies with age, being notably higher in older age groups. These findings underscore the need for targeted public health interventions to address these risk factors. Future research should focus on longitudinal studies and standardized assessment tools to enhance the robustness of prevalence estimates and inform effective prevention strategies. © The Author(s) 2024.
Association between pregnancy-related complications and development of type 2 diabetes and hypertension in women: an umbrella review; Background: Despite many systematic reviews and meta-analyses examining the associations of pregnancy complications with risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and hypertension, previous umbrella reviews have only examined a single pregnancy complication. Here we have synthesised evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses on the associations of a wide range of pregnancy-related complications with risk of developing T2DM and hypertension. Methods: Medline, Embase and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews were searched from inception until 26 September 2022 for systematic reviews and meta-analysis examining the association between pregnancy complications and risk of T2DM and hypertension. Screening of articles, data extraction and quality appraisal (AMSTAR2) were conducted independently by two reviewers using Covidence software. Data were extracted for studies that examined the risk of T2DM and hypertension in pregnant women with the pregnancy complication compared to pregnant women without the pregnancy complication. Summary estimates of each review were presented using tables, forest plots and narrative synthesis and reported following Preferred Reporting Items for Overviews of Reviews (PRIOR) guidelines. Results: Ten systematic reviews were included. Two pregnancy complications were identified. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): One review showed GDM was associated with a 10-fold higher risk of T2DM at least 1 year after pregnancy (relative risk (RR) 9.51 (95% confidence interval (CI) 7.14 to 12.67) and although the association differed by ethnicity (white: RR 16.28 (95% CI 15.01 to 17.66), non-white: RR 10.38 (95% CI 4.61 to 23.39), mixed: RR 8.31 (95% CI 5.44 to 12.69)), the between subgroups difference were not statistically significant at 5% significance level. Another review showed GDM was associated with higher mean blood pressure at least 3 months postpartum (mean difference in systolic blood pressure: 2.57 (95% CI 1.74 to 3.40) mmHg and mean difference in diastolic blood pressure: 1.89 (95% CI 1.32 to 2.46) mmHg). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP): Three reviews showed women with a history of HDP were 3 to 6 times more likely to develop hypertension at least 6 weeks after pregnancy compared to women without HDP (meta-analysis with largest number of studies: odds ratio (OR) 4.33 (3.51 to 5.33)) and one review reported a higher rate of T2DM after HDP (hazard ratio (HR) 2.24 (1.95 to 2.58)) at least a year after pregnancy. One of the three reviews and five other reviews reported women with a history of preeclampsia were 3 to 7 times more likely to develop hypertension at least 6 weeks postpartum (meta-analysis with the largest number of studies: OR 3.90 (3.16 to 4.82) with one of these reviews reporting the association was greatest in women from Asia (Asia: OR 7.54 (95% CI 2.49 to 22.81), Europe: OR 2.19 (95% CI 0.30 to 16.02), North and South America: OR 3.32 (95% CI 1.26 to 8.74)). Conclusions: GDM and HDP are associated with a greater risk of developing T2DM and hypertension. Common confounders adjusted for across the included studies in the reviews were maternal age, body mass index (BMI), socioeconomic status, smoking status, pre-pregnancy and current BMI, parity, family history of T2DM or cardiovascular disease, ethnicity, and time of delivery. Further research is needed to evaluate the value of embedding these pregnancy complications as part of assessment for future risk of T2DM and chronic hypertension. © The Author(s) 2024.
COVID-19 diagnosis, vaccination during pregnancy, and adverse pregnancy outcomes of 865,654 women in England and Wales: a population-based cohort study; Background: The extent to which COVID-19 diagnosis and vaccination during pregnancy are associated with risks of common and rare adverse pregnancy outcomes remains uncertain. We compared the incidence of adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with and without COVID-19 diagnosis and vaccination during pregnancy. Methods: We studied population-scale linked electronic health records for women with singleton pregnancies in England and Wales from 1 August 2019 to 31 December 2021. This time period was divided at 8th December 2020 into pre-vaccination and vaccination roll-out eras. We calculated adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) for common and rare pregnancy outcomes according to the time since COVID-19 diagnosis and vaccination and by pregnancy trimester and COVID-19 variant. Findings: Amongst 865,654 pregnant women, we recorded 60,134 (7%) COVID-19 diagnoses and 182,120 (21%) adverse pregnancy outcomes. COVID-19 diagnosis was associated with a higher risk of gestational diabetes (adjusted HR 1.22, 95% CI 1.18–1.26), gestational hypertension (1.16, 1.10–1.22), pre-eclampsia (1.20, 1.12–1.28), preterm birth (1.63, 1.57–1.69, and 1.68, 1.61–1.75 for spontaneous preterm), very preterm birth (2.04, 1.86–2.23), small for gestational age (1.12, 1.07–1.18), thrombotic venous events (1.85, 1.56–2.20) and stillbirth (only within 14-days since COVID-19 diagnosis, 3.39, 2.23–5.15). HRs were more pronounced in the pre-vaccination era, within 14-days since COVID-19 diagnosis, when COVID-19 diagnosis occurred in the 3rd trimester, and in the original variant era. There was no evidence to suggest COVID-19 vaccination during pregnancy was associated with a higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Instead, dose 1 of COVID-19 vaccine was associated with lower risks of preterm birth (0.90, 0.86–0.95), very preterm birth (0.84, 0.76–0.94), small for gestational age (0.93, 0.88–0.99), and stillbirth (0.67, 0.49–0.92). Interpretation: Pregnant women with a COVID-19 diagnosis have higher risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes. These findings support recommendations towards high-priority vaccination against COVID-19 in pregnant women. Funding: BHF, ESRC, Forte, HDR-UK, MRC, NIHR and VR. © 2024 The Authors
Postpartum readmission risk: a comparison between stillbirths and live births; Background: Stillbirth occurs more commonly among pregnant people with comorbid conditions and obstetrical complications. Stillbirth also independently increases maternal morbidity and imparts a psychosocial hazard when compared with live birth. These distinct needs and burden may increase the risk for postpartum readmission after stillbirth. Objective: This study aimed to examine the risk for maternal postpartum readmission after stillbirth in comparison with live birth and to identify indications for readmission and the associated risk factors. Study Design: This was a retrospective cohort of patients with singleton stillbirths or live births, delivered at ≥20 weeks’ gestation, who were identified from the 2019 Nationwide Readmissions Database. The primary outcome was all-cause readmission within 6 weeks of discharge from the childbirth hospitalization. The association between stillbirth (vs live birth) and risk for readmission was assessed using multivariable regression models with adjustment for maternal age, sociodemographic characteristics, maternal and obstetrical conditions, and delivery characteristics. Within the stillbirth group, risk factors for readmission were further examined using multivariable regression. The secondary outcomes included principal indication for readmission (categorized based on principal diagnosis code of the readmission hospitalization) and timing of readmission (number of weeks after childbirth hospitalization). Differences in these secondary outcomes were compared between the stillbirth and live birth groups using chi-square tests. All analyses accounted for the complex sample design to generate nationally representative estimates. Results: Postpartum readmission occurred in 2.7% of 16,636 patients with stillbirths, whereas it occurred in 1.6% of 2,870,677 patients with live births (unadjusted risk ratio, 1.65; 95% confidence interval, 1.47–1.86). The higher risk for readmission after stillbirth (vs live birth) persisted after adjusting for maternal, obstetrical, and delivery characteristics (adjusted risk ratio, 1.27; 95% confidence interval, 1.11–1.46). The distribution of principal indication for readmission differed after stillbirth and after live birth and included hypertension (30.2% vs 39.5%; unadjusted risk ratio, 0.76; 95% confidence interval, 0.63–0.93), mental health or substance use disorders (6.8% vs 3.6%; unadjusted risk ratio, 1.90; 95% confidence interval, 1.15–3.16), and venous thromboembolism (5.8% vs 2.0%; unadjusted risk ratio, 2.87; 95% confidence interval, 1.60–5.17). Among patients with stillbirths, 56.0% of readmissions occurred within 1 week, 71.8% within 2 weeks, and 88.1% within 4 weeks; the timing of readmission did not differ significantly between the stillbirth and live birth cohorts. Pregestational diabetes (adjusted risk ratio, 1.87; 95% confidence interval, 1.20–2.93), gestational diabetes (adjusted risk ratio, 1.67; 95% confidence interval, 1.03–2.71), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted risk ratio, 1.80; 95% confidence interval, 1.31–2.47), obesity (adjusted risk ratio, 1.46; 95% confidence interval, 1.01–2.12), and primary cesarean delivery (adjusted risk ratio, 1.74; 95% confidence interval, 1.17–2.58) were associated with a higher risk for readmission after stillbirth, whereas higher household income was associated with a lower risk for readmission (eg, adjusted risk ratio for income ≥$82,000 vs $1–$47,999, 0.48; 95% confidence interval, 0.30–0.77). Conclusion: When compared with live births, the risk for postpartum readmission was higher after stillbirths, even after adjustment for differences in the patient demographic and clinical characteristics. Readmission for mental health or substance use disorders and venous thromboembolism is more common after stillbirths than after live births. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.
Relationship between increased maternal serum free human chorionic gonadotropin levels in the second trimester and adverse pregnancy outcomes: a retrospective cohort study; Background: A retrospective cohort study was conducted to collect the data of pregnant women who received hospital delivery in Hangzhou Women's Hospital from January 2018 to December 2020, and who participated in the second trimester (15–20+6 weeks) of free beta human chorionic gonadotropin (free β-hCG). And the study was conducted to explore the relationship between maternal serum free β-hCG and adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO). Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the clinical data of 1,978 women in the elevated maternal serum free β-hCG group (free β-hCG ≥ 2.50 multiples of the median, MoM) and 20,767 women in the normal group (0.25 MoM ≤ free β-hCG < 2.50 MoM) from a total of 22,745 singleton pregnancies, and modified Poisson regression analysis was used to calculate risk ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) of the two groups. Results: The gravidity and parity in the elevated free β-hCG group were lower, and the differences between the groups were statistically significant (all, P < 0.05). The risks of polyhydramnios, preeclampsia, and hyperlipidemia, were increased in women with elevated free β-hCG levels (RRs: 1.996, 95% CI: 1.322–3.014; 1.469, 95% CI: 1.130–1.911 and 1.257, 95% CI: 1.029–1.535, respectively, all P < 0.05), intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and female infants were also likely to happen (RRs = 1.641, 95% CI: 1.103–2.443 and 1.101, 95% CI: 1.011–1.198, both P < 0.05). Additionally, there was an association between elevated AFP and free β-hCG levels in second-trimester (RR = 1.211, 95% CI: 1.121–1.307, P < 0.001). Conclusions: APOs, such as polyhydramnios, preeclampsia, and hyperlipidemia, were increased risks of elevated free β-hCG levels, IUGR and female infants were also likely to happen. Furthermore, there was an association between elevated AFP levels and elevated free β-hCG levels in second-trimester. We recommend prenatal monitoring according to the elevated maternal serum free β-hCG level and the occurrence of APO. © The Author(s) 2024.
The association between attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes—an evaluation of a population database; Background: Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the more common neuropsychiatric disorders in women of reproductive age. Our objective was to compare perinatal outcomes between women with an ADHD diagnosis and those without. Methods: A retrospective population-based cohort study utilizing the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project, Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS) United States database. The study included all women who either delivered or experienced maternal death from 2004 to 2014. Perinatal outcomes were compared between women with an ICD-9 diagnosis of ADHD and those without. Results: Overall, 9,096,788 women met the inclusion criteria. Amongst them, 10,031 women had a diagnosis of ADHD. Women with ADHD, compared to those without, were more likely to be younger than 25 years of age; white; to smoke tobacco during pregnancy; to use illicit drugs; and to suffer from chronic hypertension, thyroid disorders, and obesity (p < 0.001 for all). Women in the ADHD group, compared to those without, had a higher rate of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (aOR 1.36, 95% CI 1.28–1.45, p < 0.001), cesarean delivery (aOR 1.19, 95% CI 1.13–1.25, p < 0.001), chorioamnionitis (aOR 1.34, 95% CI 1.17–1.52, p < 0.001), and maternal infection (aOR 1.33, 95% CI 1.19–1.5, p < 0.001). Regarding neonatal outcomes, patients with ADHD, compared to those without, had a higher rate of small-for-gestational-age neonate (SGA) (aOR 1.3, 95% CI 1.17–1.43, p < 0.001), and congenital anomalies (aOR 2.77, 95% CI 2.36–3.26, p < 0.001). Conclusion: Women with a diagnosis of ADHD had a higher incidence of a myriad of maternal and neonatal complications, including cesarean delivery, HDP, and SGA neonates. © The Author(s) 2024.
Associations of prognostic nutritional index with risk of all-cause and cardiovascular disease mortalities in persons with gestational diabetes mellitus: A NHANES-based analysis; OBJECTIVE: To investigate relationships between prognostic nutritional index (PNI) during pregnancy and risk of all-cause mortality (ACM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality in persons with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted using NHANES data from 2007 to 2018, and weighted Cox regression models were established. Restricted cubic spline analysis was used to unveil associations of PNI with risk of ACM and CVD mortalities in individuals with GDM. Receiver operating characteristic curve was employed for determination of threshold value for association of PNI with mortality. Sensitivity analysis was performed to verify the stability of the results. RESULTS: 734 GDM individuals and 7987 non-GDM individuals were included in this study. In GDM population, after adjusting for different categorical variables, PNI was significantly negatively correlated with ACM risk. Subgroup analysis showed that among GDM populations with no physical activity, moderate physical activity, parity of 1 or 2, negative correlation between PNI and risk of ACM was stronger than other subgroups. Sensitivity analysis results showed stable negative correlations between PNI and ACM and CVD mortality of total population, and between PNI and ACM of GDM. CONCLUSION: In individuals with GDM, PNI was negatively correlated with ACM risk, especially in populations with no physical activity, moderate physical activity, and parity of 1 or 2. PNI = 50.75 may be an effective threshold affecting ACM risk in GDM, which may help in risk assessment and timely intervention for individuals with GDM.
Associations of phosphorus concentrations with medial arterial calcification in lower-extremity arteries and diabetic foot in people with diabetes: a retrospective cross-sectional study; Background: The aim of this study was to investigate the associations of blood phosphorus levels with the risk of developing medial arterial calcification (MAC) in lower-limb arteries and diabetic foot (DF) in diabetes patients. We sought to enhance the understanding of the pathophysiology of diabetic complications and develop strategies to mitigate diabetes-related risks. Methods: We conducted a retrospective analysis of 701 diabetic patients from the Department of Endocrinology at Sun Yat-Sen Memorial Hospital (2019–2023). We utilized multimodel-adjusted logistic regression to investigate the associations of serum phosphorus levels and the risk of developing MAC and DF. Restricted cubic spline plots were employed to model the relationships, and threshold analysis was used to identify inflection points. Subgroup analyses were performed to explore variations across different demographics. The diagnostic utility of phosphorus concentrations was assessed via the C index, net reclassification improvement (NRI), and integrated discrimination improvement (IDI). Results: Of the 701 patients (mean age 63.9 years; 401 (57.20%) were male), 333 (47.50%) had MAC, and 329 (46.93%) had DF. After controlling for numerous confounding variables, each one-unit increase in phosphorus concentrations was associated with an increased risk of developing MAC (OR 2.65, 95% CI 1.97–3.57, p < 0.001) and DF (OR 1.54, 95% CI 1.09–2.18, p = 0.014). Phosphorus levels demonstrated a linear risk association, with risk not being uniform on either side of the inflection point, which was approximately 3.28 mg/dL for MAC and varied for DF (3.26 to 3.81 mg/dL). Adding the phosphorus as an independent component to the diagnostic model for MAC and DF increased the C index, NRI, and IDI to varying degrees. Conclusions: Elevated serum phosphorus levels are significantly associated with an increased risk of developing MAC and DF among diabetic people. These findings suggest that phosphorus management could be integrated into routine diagnostic processes to improve the identification and management of lower-extremity diabetic complications. Graphical abstract: (Figure presented.) © The Author(s) 2024.
Preeclampsia: A comprehensive review; Preeclampsia (PE) is a life-threatening disease of pregnancy and a prominent cause of neonatal and maternal mortality and morbidity. PE affects approximately 5–10% of pregnancies worldwide, posing significant risks to perinatal and maternal health. It is characterized by a variety of interconnected pathological cascades contributing to the stimulation of intravascular inflammation, oxidative stress (OS), endothelial cell activation, and syncytiotrophoblast stress that converge on a common pathway, ultimately resulting in disease progression. The present study was designed and executed to review the existing scientific literature, specifically focusing on the etiology (gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity, insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, maternal infection, periodontal disease, altered microbiome, and genetics), clinical presentations (hypertension, blood disorders, proteinuria, hepatic dysfunction, renal dysfunction, pulmonary edema, cardiac dysfunction, fetal growth restrictions, and eclampsia), therapeutic clinical biomarkers (creatinine, albuminuria, and cystatin C) along with their associations and mechanisms in PE. In addition, this study provides insights into the potential of nanomedicines for targeting these mechanisms for PE management and treatment. Inflammation, OS, proteinuria, and an altered microbiome are prominent biomarkers associated with progression and PE-related pathogenesis. Understanding the molecular mechanisms, exploring suitable markers, targeted interventions, comprehensive screening, and holistic strategies are critical to decreasing the incidence of PE and promoting maternal-fetal well-being. The present study comprehensively reviewed the etiology, clinical presentations, therapeutic biomarkers, and preventive potential of nanomedicines in the treatment and management of PE. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.
Characteristics and outcome of pregnancy-related acute kidney injury in a teaching hospital in a low-resource setting: a five-year retrospective review; Background: Pregnancy-related kidney injury contributes to a high burden of acute kidney injury in low-resource settings and causes maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Few studies have examined the impact of acute kidney injury in resource-limited countries, with very limited research on pregnancy-specific disorders in Ethiopia. This study aimed to determine the characteristics of pregnancy-related acute kidney injury, outcomes and associated factors. Methods: A retrospective study was conducted to evaluate the clinical profile and maternal-fetal outcome of pregnancy-related acute kidney injury at Ayder Comprehensive Specialized Hospital in Tigray, Ethiopia, from January 1, 2017, to December 31, 2021. Maternal and fetal outcomes were analyzed using descriptive statistics. Multivariate logistic regression was used to determine the association between the dependent and independent variables. Results: Of 27,350 mothers who delivered at Ayder Comprehensive Specialized Hospital between January 1, 2017, and December 31, 2021, a total of 187 women developed pregnancy-related acute kidney injury, a prevalence rate of 68 per 100,000 births. Preeclampsia, sepsis and pre-renal causes due to dehydration and hemorrhage were the most common causes of pregnancy-related acute kidney injury in this study. Hemodialysis was needed in 8.6% (n = 16) of patients. Of the 187 pregnancy-related acute kidney injuries, 143 (76.5%) recovered completely and 30 (16%) partially. The mortality rate was 7.5%. Preexisting chronic kidney disease (AOR = 30.13; 95% CI: 2.92, 310.84), use of vasoactive agents (AOR = 5.77; 95% CI: 1.47, 22.67), increase in creatinine per unit (AOR = 1.65; 95% CI: 1.11, 2.45) and complications related to acute kidney injury (AOR = 5.26; 95% CI: 1.73, 16.00) were determinants of the composite endpoints (partial renal recovery and death). Conclusions: This study emphasizes acute kidney injury in resource-limited settings is a significant cause of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. The vast majority of patients with pregnancy-related acute kidney injury recovered completely from kidney injury. The main causes of pregnancy-related acute kidney injury were preeclampsia, sepsis and pre-renal associated with hemorrhage and dehydration. Preexisting renal disease, use of vasopressors, increase in creatinine per unit and complications associated with acute kidney injury were determining factors for concomitant fetomaternal mortality. Appropriate preventive strategies during prenatal care and prompt treatment are needed for pregnancy-related acute kidney injury. © The Author(s) 2024.
Association of ideal cardiovascular health and history of gestational diabetes mellitus in NHANES 2007–2018; Background: Population-based studies of ideal cardiovascular health (CVH) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are scarce. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of 2007–2018 National Health Examination and Nutrition Survey women aged ≥ 20 years, who had data on Life's Simple 7 (LS7) metrics and self-reported GDM history. Each LS7 metric was assigned a score of 0 (non-ideal) and 1(ideal) and summed to obtain total ideal CVH scores (0–7). We used logistic regression models to assess associations between LS7 ideal CVH scores (0–7) and GDM history, accounting for socio-demographic factors. Results: Among 9199 women (mean age: 46 years, 8 % with a GDM history), there was a progressive decrease in the odds of past GDM history across increasing ideal CVH scores. Compared to females with 0–1 ideal CVH scores, females with ideal CVH scores of 3, 4 and 5–7 had an associated 39 % lower [odds ratio: 0.61 (95 % CI: 0.41–0.90)], 50 % lower [0.50 (0.33–0.76)] and 66 % lower [0.34 (0.20–0.56)] odds of past GDM history, respectively. There were notable racial/ethnic and citizenship/nativity differences in these associations. Conclusions: Women with higher ideal CVH scores had lower odds of GDM history. Our findings underscore the importance of optimizing cardiometabolic health among women with GDM history. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.
The association between dietary, physical activity and the DNA methylation of PPARGC1A, HLA-DQA1 and ADCY3 in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a nest case-control study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with DNA methylation and lifestyle. The effects of DNA methylation on GDM, and the interaction between DNA methylation and lifestyle factors are not well elucidated. The objective of this study was to explore the association between GDM, DNA methylation and lifestyle factors. Methods: A nest case-control design was performed. Sociodemographic data, dietary intake and daily physical activity information of pregnant women were collected. Bisulfate pyrosequencing was used to detect the DNA methylation level of PPARGC1A, HLA-DQA1, and ADCY3 genes. The differences of DNA methylation levels between the GDM group and the control group were compared. The correlation between clinical characteristics, dietary, physical activity and DNA methylation level was analyzed. Results: A total of 253 pregnant women were enrolled, of which, 60 participants (GDM: 30; control: 30) were included in the final analysis. There were no significant differences in DNA methylation levels of six methylated sites between the two groups in this study (P > 0.05). Daily intake of potato and poultry were associated with DNA methylation level of the CpG 1 site of the ADCY3 gene in all participants and the control group (P < 0.05). Duration of folic acid intake before pregnancy was correlated with the methylation level of the CpG 1 site of the ADCY3 gene in all participants (r = 0.341, P = 0.04) and the control group (r = 0.431, P = 0.025). Daily oil intake was correlated with the methylation level of CpG 2 (r = 0.627, P = 0.016) and CpG 3 (r = 0.563, P = 0.036) of PPARGC1A in the GDM group. Conclusion: The association between the DNA methylation levels and GDM wasn’t validated. There were associations between dietary and DNA methylation in pregnant women. A large-sample-sized and longitudinal study is warranted to further investigate the impacts of lifestyle on DNA methylation. © The Author(s) 2024.
Right ventricular function indices and platelet parameters for early prediction value of bronchopulmonary dysplasia: a retrospective study; Background: To examine the value of early echocardiographic indices for the right ventricular function combined with platelet(PLT) parameters for predicting bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) in preterm infants. Methods: This retrospective study included infants with gestational age (GA) below 32 weeks, who were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit(NICU). The detection rate of tricuspid regurgitation jet velocity (TRVJ), ventricular septal flattening, pulmonary artery widening, right ventricular dilation, and right atrial enlargement on the 7th day of life (DOL 7) were compared between BPD and non-BPD infants. Echocardiographic indices of the right ventricular function including tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) and right ventricular index of myocardial performance (RIMP) were measured on 1 day of life (DOL 1)、on DOL 7 and on 14 day of life (DOL 14) respectively. The PLT parameters including the PLT count, mean platelet volume (MPV), platelet hematocrit (PCT) level, and platelet distribution width (PDW) were measured on the DOL 1,DOL 7, and DOL 14. Multivariate logistic regression was used to analyze the relationship between these parameters and BPD. Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis was performed to assess the predictive value of the right ventricular function indices and PLT parameters for BPD. Results: A total of 220 preterm infants were included in this study, and of these, 85 infants developed BPD among them. The RIMP of the BPD group on DOL 14 was higher than that of the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). The TAPSE of the BPD group on DOL 14 was lower than that of the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). The PLT count of the BPD group on DOL 1 was lower than that of the non-BPD group (P < 0.05), and the MPV of the BPD group on DOL 1 was higher than that of the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). Using multivariate logistic regression, GA、invasive mechanical ventilation duration ≥ 7 days、 PLT、 MPV、 TAPSE and RIMP were found to be independent risk factors for BPD. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve was 0.846 (95CI: 0.794∼0.899), which improved when using right ventricular function indices combined with platelet parameters. Conclusion: TAPSE and RIMP combined with PLT count and MPV can help identify preterm infants at an increased risk of developing BPD. © The Author(s) 2024.
Nimbolide protects against diabetic cardiomyopathy by regulating endoplasmic reticulum stress and mitochondrial function via the Akt/mTOR pathway; Nimbolide has been demonstrated to possess protective properties against gestational diabetes mellitus and diabetic retinopathy. However, the role and molecular mechanism of nimbolide in diabetic cardiomyopathy (DCM) remain unknown. Diabetes was induced in rats via a single injection of streptozotocin (STZ) and then the diabetic rats were administered nimbolide (5 mg/kg and 20 mg/kg) or dimethyl sulfoxide daily for 12 weeks. H9c2 cardiomyocytes were exposed to high glucose (25 mM glucose) to mimic DCM in vitro. The protective effects of nimbolide against DCM were evaluated in vivo and in vitro. The potential molecular mechanism of nimbolide in DCM was further explored. We found that nimbolide dose-dependently decreased blood glucose and improved body weight of diabetic rats. Additionally, nimbolide dose-dependently improved cardiac function, alleviated myocardial injury/fibrosis, and inhibited endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress and apoptosis in diabetic rats. Moreover, nimbolide dose-dependently improved mitochondrial function and activated the Akt/mTOR signaling. We consistently demonstrated the cardioprotective effects of nimbolide in an in vitro model of DCM. The involvement of ER stress and mitochondrial pathways were further confirmed by using inhibitors of ER stress and mitochondrial division. By applying a specific Akt inhibitor SC66, the cardioprotective effects of nimbolide were partially blocked. Our study indicated that nimbolide alleviated DCM by activating Akt/mTOR pathway. Nimbolide may be a novel therapeutic agent for DCM treatment. © 2024
A first trimester prediction model and nomogram for gestational diabetes mellitus based on maternal clinical risk factors in a resource-poor setting; Background: The implementation of universal screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is challenged by several factors key amongst which is limited resources, hence the continued reliance on risk factor-based screening. Effective identification of high-risk women early in pregnancy may enable preventive intervention. This study aimed at developing a GDM prediction model based on maternal clinical risk factors that are easily assessable in the first trimester of pregnancy in a population of Nigerian women. Methods: This was a multi-hospital prospective observational cohort study of 253 consecutively selected pregnant women from which maternal clinical data was collected at 8–12 weeks gestational age. Diagnosis of GDM was made via a one-step 75-gram Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT) at 24–28 weeks of gestation. A GDM prediction model and nomogram based on selected maternal clinical risk factors was developed using multiple logistic regression analysis, and its performance was assessed by Receiver Operator Curve (ROC) analysis. Data analysis was carried out using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 25 and Python programming language (version 3.0). Results: Increasing maternal age, higher body mass index (BMI), a family history of diabetes mellitus in first-degree relative and previous history of foetal macrosomia were the major predictors of GDM. The model equation was: LogitP = 6.358 − 0.066 × Age − 0.075 × First trimester BMI − 1.879 × First-degree relative with diabetes mellitus − 0.522 × History of foetal macrosomia. It had an area under the receiver operator characteristic (ROC) curve (AUC) of 0.814 (95% CI: 0.751–0.877; p-value < 0.001), and at a predicted probability threshold of 0.745, it had a sensitivity of 79.2% and specificity of 74.5%. Conclusion: This first trimester prediction model reliably identifies women at high risk for GDM development in the first trimester, and the nomogram enhances its practical applicability, contributing to improved clinical outcomes in the study population. © The Author(s) 2024.
Vitamin D and reproductive disorders: a comprehensive review with a focus on endometriosis; Vitamin D is a fat-soluble steroid hormone that was initially known only for regulating calcium and phosphorus levels and maintaining bone health. However, it was later discovered that many organs express vitamin D metabolizing enzymes and have a ligand for vitamin D, which regulates the expression of an extensive assortment of genes. As a result, vitamin D is indispensable for the proper function of organs, and its deficiency is believed to be a critical factor in symptoms and disorders such as cardiovascular diseases, autoimmune diseases, and cancers. The significance of vitamin D in reproductive tissues was recognized later, and studies have revealed its crucial role in male and female fertility, as well as proper reproductive function during pregnancy. Vitamin D deficiency has been identified as a risk factor for infertility, gonadal cancers, pregnancy complications, polycystic ovary syndrome, and endometriosis. However, data investigating the association between vitamin D levels and reproductive disorders, including endometriosis, have encountered inconsistencies. Therefore, the present study aims to review existing research on the effect of vitamin D on proper reproductive function, and the role of deficiency in reproductive diseases and specifically focuses on endometriosis. © The Author(s) 2024.
Association between being large for gestational age and cardiovascular metabolic health in children conceived from assisted reproductive technology: a prospective cohort study; Background: To the best of our knowledge, no study has investigated the potential joint effect of large for gestational age (LGA) and assisted reproductive technology (ART) on the long-term health of children. Methods: This was a prospective cohort study that recruited children whose parents had received ART treatment in the Center for Reproductive Medicine, Shandong Provincial Hospital, affiliated to Shandong University, between January 2006 and December 2017. Linear mixed model was used to compare the main outcomes. The mediation model was used to evaluate the intermediary effect of body mass index (BMI). Results: 4138 (29.5%) children born LGA and 9910 (70.5%) children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA) were included in the present study. The offspring ranged from 0.4 to 9.9 years. LGAs conceived through ART were shown to have higher BMI, blood pressure, fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin, and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance values, even after controlling for all covariates. The odds of overweight and insulin resistance are also higher in LGA subjects. After adjusting for all covariates, LGAs conceived through ART had BMI and BMI z-scores that were 0.48 kg/m2 and 0.34 units greater than those of AGAs, respectively. The effect of LGA on BMI was identified as early as infancy and remained consistently significant throughout pre-puberty. Conclusions: Compared to AGA, LGA children conceived from ART were associated with increased cardiovascular-metabolic events, which appeared as early as infancy and with no recovery by pre-puberty. © The Author(s) 2024.
Diagnostic and prognostic value of triglyceride glucose index: a comprehensive evaluation of meta-analysis; Objective: The present umbrella review aims to collate and summarize the findings from previous meta-analyses on the Triglyceride and Glucose (TyG) Index, providing insights to clinicians, researchers, and policymakers regarding the usefulness of this biomarker in various clinical settings. Methods: A comprehensive search was conducted in PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science up to April 14, 2024, without language restrictions. The AMSTAR2 checklist assessed the methodological quality of the included meta-analyses. Statistical analyses were performed using Comprehensive Meta-Analysis (CMA) software. Results: A total of 32 studies were finally included. The results revealed significant associations between the TyG index and various health outcomes. For kidney outcomes, a high TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of contrast-induced nephropathy (CIN) (OR = 2.24, 95% CI: 1.82–2.77) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) (RR = 1.46, 95% CI: 1.32–1.63). High TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (RR = 3.53, 95% CI: 2.74–4.54), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (OR = 2.41, 95% CI: 1.48–3.91), and diabetic retinopathy (DR) (OR = 2.34, 95% CI: 1.31–4.19). Regarding metabolic diseases, the TyG index was significantly higher in patients with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) (SMD = 0.86, 95% CI: 0.57–1.15), metabolic syndrome (MD = 0.83, 95% CI: 0.74–0.93), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) (OR = 2.36, 95% CI: 1.88–2.97) compared to those without these conditions. In cerebrovascular diseases, a higher TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of dementia (OR = 1.14, 95% CI: 1.12–1.16), cognitive impairment (OR = 2.31, 95% CI: 1.38–3.86), and ischemic stroke (OR = 1.37, 95% CI: 1.22–1.54). For cardiovascular outcomes, the TyG index showed significant associations with an increased risk of heart failure (HF) (HR = 1.21, 95% CI: 1.12–1.30), atrial fibrillation (AF) (SMD = 1.22, 95% CI: 0.57–1.87), and hypertension (HTN) (RR = 1.52, 95% CI: 1.25–1.85). Conclusion: The TyG index is a promising biomarker for screening and predicting various medical conditions, particularly those related to insulin resistance and metabolic disorders. However, the heterogeneity and methodological quality of the included studies suggest the need for further high-quality research to confirm these findings and refine the clinical utility of the TyG index. Graphical abstract: (Figure presented.) © The Author(s) 2024.
Evaluation of oxygen administration in cesarean section under spinal anesthesia via lung ultrasound and the oxygen reserve index; Background: Respiratory functions may be impaired in cesarean section (C/S) delivery performed under spinal anesthesia (SA) and oxygen supplementation may be required. Therefore, we conducted a randomized controlled study aimed to evaluate the effects of different oxygen administrations in pregnant women on the lungs during C/S under SA using ultrasound and oxygen reserve index (ORI). Methods: We conducted a randomized, controlled, single-center study from May 1, 2021, to March 31, 2022. A total of 90 patients scheduled for C/S under SA were randomly divided into 3 groups. Following the SA, patients in group 0 were treated with room air, in Group 3 were administered 3 L/min O₂ with a nasal cannula (NC), in Group 6 were administered 6 L/min O₂ with a simple face mask. In addition to routine monitoring, ORI values were measured. Lung aeration was evaluated through the modified lung ultrasound score (LUS) before the procedure (T0), at minute 0 (T1), 20 (T2), and hour 6 (T3) after the procedure, and ∆LUS values were recorded. Results: After SA, the ORI values of Group 3 were higher than Group 0 at all times (p < 0.05), while the intraoperative 1st minute and the 10th, 25th and 40th minutes after delivery (p = 0.001, p = 0.027, p = 0.001, p = 0.019) was higher than Group 6. When the LUS values of each group were compared with the T0 values a decrease was observed in Group 3 and Group 6 (p < 0.001, p = 0.016). While ∆LUS values were always higher in Group 3 than in Group 0, they were higher only in T1 and T2 in Group 6. Conclusion: We determined that it would be appropriate to prefer 3 L/min supplemental oxygen therapy with NC in C/S to be performed under SA. © The Author(s) 2024.
Effect of High Glucose on Embryological Development of Zebrafish, Brachyodanio, Rerio through Wnt Pathway; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a worldwide pregnancy complication. Gestational diabetes can significantly impact fetus development. However, the effects of high glucose on embryological development post-fertilization are yet to be researched. Danio rerio embryos are a great model for studying embryonic development. In this study, the effects on embryological (morphological and genetic) development were examined in the presence of a high-glucose environment that mimics the developing fetus in pregnant women with GDM. Fertilized zebrafish embryos were treated with normal media and high glucose for 5 days from 3 h post-fertilization (hpf) to 96 hpf, respectively, as control and experimental groups. Morphological changes are recorded with microscope images. Hatch rate and heart rate are compared between groups at set time points. RNA-Seq is performed to examine the gene changes in the experimental group. Glucose delayed the zebrafish embryo development by slowing the hatch rate by about 24 h. The brain, heart, and tail started showing smaller morphology in the glucose group compared to the control group at 24 hpf. Heart rate was faster in the glucose group compared to the control group on days 2 and 3 with a statistically significant difference. Among the zebrafish whole genome, the significantly changed genes were 556 upregulated genes and 1118 downregulated genes, respectively, in the high-glucose group. The metabolic and Wnt pathways are altered under high-glucose conditions. These conditions contribute to significant physiological differences that may provide insight into the functionality of post-embryological development. © 2024 by the authors.
Association of serum homocysteine with vitamin B12 and folate levels in women with pre-eclampsia in a tertiary health care center in Nepal; Background: Pre-eclampsia is a syndrome that chiefly includes the development of new-onset hypertension and proteinuria after 20 weeks of pregnancy. Pre-eclampsia is one of the major causes of mortality and morbidity in Nepal. Hyperhomocysteinemia may be a cause of the endothelial dysfunction provoked by oxidative stress in pre-eclampsia. This study was designed to evaluate the association of homocysteine with Vitamin B12 and folate in patients with pre-eclampsia. Method: An observational cross sectional study was performed in the Gynecology and Obstetrics Department of TUTH involving seventy two subjects with pre-eclampsia. Blood pressure, urinary protein levels, serum homocysteine, Vitamin B12 and folate levels were compared in both mild and severe forms of pre-eclampsia. Concentration of Vitamin B12 and folate were measured using Vitros ECI and homocysteine was measured using CLIA. SPSS 23.0 was used to analyze the data. Tests were performed with Mann Whitney Test and Spearman’s rank correlation test. A p-value < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: This study showed no significant difference in age and weeks of gestation in both mild and severe forms of pre-eclampsia. Mean concentration of homocysteine was higher (13.1 ± 6.4 micromol/L) in severe Pre-eclampsia as compared to mild cases (7.6 ± 2.8 micromol/L). Mean concentration of folate was lower in severe cases (35.4 ± 24.1 micromol/L) when compared with mild cases of pre-eclampsia (57 ± 23.4 micromol/L). Conclusion: Homocysteine levels were increased in severe Pre-eclampsia when compared with mild pre-eclampsia and this finding can be used to predict and prevent complications in patients with pre-eclampsia. © The Author(s) 2024.
Effect of cervical Bishop score on induction of labor at term in primiparas using Foley catheter balloon: a retrospective study; Background: Previous studies had found that the mechanical methods were as effective as pharmacological methods in achieving vaginal delivery. However, whether balloon catheter induction is suitable for women with severe cervical immaturity and whether it will increase the related risks still need to be further explored. Research aim: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of Foley catheter balloon for labor induction at term in primiparas with different cervical scores. Methods: A total of 688 primiparas who received cervical ripening with a Foley catheter balloon were recruited in this study. They were divided into 2 groups: Group 1 (Bishop score ≤ 3) and Group 2 (3 < Bishop score < 7). Detailed medical data before and after using of balloon were faithfully recorded. Results: The cervical Bishop scores of the two groups after catheter placement were all significantly higher than those before (Group 1: 5.49 ± 1.31 VS 2.83 ± 0.39, P<0.05; Group 2: 6.09 ± 1.00 VS 4.45 ± 0.59, P<0.05). The success rate of labor induction in group 2 was higher than that in group 1 (P<0.05). The incidence of intrauterine infection in Group 1 was higher than that in Group 2 (18.3% VS 11.3%, P<0.05). Conclusion: The success rates of induction of labor by Foley catheter balloon were different in primiparas with different cervical conditions, the failure rate of induction of labor and the incidence of intrauterine infection were higher in primiparas with severe cervical immaturity. © The Author(s) 2024.
No impact of COVID-19 at delivery on maternal mortality or infant adverse birth outcomes in Botswana during the Omicron era; SARS-CoV-2 infection during pregnancy was associated with maternal mortality and adverse birth outcomes in the pre-Omicron era, including a stillbirth rate of 5.6% in Botswana. We re-evaluated these outcomes in the Tsepamo Study during the Omicron era. We assessed maternal mortality and adverse birth outcomes for all singleton pregnancies from mid-November 2021 (the start of the Omicron era) to mid-August 2022 at nine Tsepamo sites, among individuals with documented SARS-CoV-2 screening PCR or antigen tests and known HIV status. Of 9,705 women routinely screened for SARS-CoV-2 infection at delivery (64% of deliveries at these sites), 373 (3.8%) tested positive. Women with HIV were as likely to test positive for SARS-CoV-2 (77/1833, 4.2%) as women without HIV (293/ 6981, 4.2%) (p = 1.0). There were 5 recorded maternal deaths (0.03%), one occurring in a woman with a positive SARS-CoV-2 test result. In contrast, maternal mortality was 3.7% and 0.1% in those with and without SARS-CoV-2, respectively, during the pre-Omicron era. In the Omicron era, there were no differences among infants exposed or unexposed to SARS-CoV-2 in overall adverse birth outcomes (28.1% vs 29.6%; aRR 1.0, 95%CI 0.8–1.1), severe adverse birth outcomes (11.9 vs 10.6%; aRR 1.1, 95%CI 0.8–1.5), preterm delivery (15.1% vs 14.9%; aRR 1.0, 95%CI 0.8–1.3), or stillbirth (1.9% vs 2.3%; aRR 0.8, 95%CI 0.4–1.7). Adverse outcomes among those exposed to both HIV and SARS-CoV-2 were similar to those exposed to HIV alone (31.2% vs. 33.1%; aRR 0.9, 95%CI 0.6–1.3; p = 0.5). Maternal mortality was far lower in Botswana during the Omicron era than in the pre-Omicron era, and adverse birth outcomes were no longer significantly impacted by exposure to SARS-CoV-2 either overall or with HIV co-exposure. Increased population immunity to SARS-CoV-2, less stress on the hospital systems in the Omicron era, and possible differences in viral pathogenicity may combine to explain these findings. © 2024 Banga et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Could Admission Non-stress Test Predict Neonatal Outcomes in Cesarean Deliveries? An Observational Study; Objectives: Despite the certainty of evidence regarding the predicting value of admission non-stress test (NST) in high-risk pregnancies at labor onset, data regarding low-risk pregnancies is conflicting. Additionally, most studies have mainly reported fetal heart rate (FHR) interpretation and categorization in laboring mothers and not in mothers experiencing false labor or even no uterine contractions. So, we aimed to assess the association between admission cardiotocography (aCTG) findings and neonatal outcomes in scheduled cesarean deliveries, who are a main subgroup of these patients. Materials and Methods: In this prospective observational study, 376 subjects were investigated in a tertiary center in Tehran, Iran from May 2020 to October 2021. All participants underwent a 20-minute aCTG and two blinded independent perinatologists interpreted each trace. Neonatal outcomes, including birth weight, Apgar scores, cord blood gas status, and neonatal admission were also recorded. Results: The mean number of late deceleration was 0.5 in neonates not admitted to the neonatal ward and 1 in neonates admitted to the neonatal ward, and the difference was statistically significant (P = 0.001). Numbers of Lambda decelerations were statistically correlated with cord blood pH (correlation coefficient =-0.119; P = 0.022). No other significant association was found between CTG characteristics and cord blood gas status, low birth weight, and/or Apgar scores. Although adverse outcomes were uncommon, associations between these outcomes and CTG findings were not significant. Conclusions: Performing an aCTG does not seem cost-beneficial in predicting perinatal outcomes in scheduled term cesarean deliveries. © 2024 The Author(s).
Maternal Exposure to Tap Water Disinfection By-Products and Risk of Selected Congenital Heart Defects; Background: The use of chlorine to treat drinking water produces disinfection by-products (DBPs), which have been associated with congenital heart defects (CHDs) in some studies. Methods: Using National Birth Defects Prevention Study data, we linked geocoded residential addresses to public water supply measurement data for DBPs. Self-reported water consumption and filtration methods were used to estimate maternal ingestion of DBPs. We estimated adjusted odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals using logistic regression controlling for maternal age, education, body mass index (BMI), race/ethnicity, and study site to examine associations between CHDs and both household DBP level and estimated ingestion of DBPs. Results: Household DBP exposure was assessed for 2717 participants (1495 cases and 1222 controls). We observed a broad range of positive, null, and negative estimates across eight specific CHDs and two summary exposures (trihalomethanes and haloacetic acids) plus nine individual DBP species. Examining ingestion exposure among 2488 participants (1347 cases, 1141 controls) produced similarly inconsistent results. Conclusions: Assessing both household DBP level and estimated ingestion of DBPs, we did not find strong evidence of an association between CHDs and DBPs. Despite a large study population, DBP measurements were available for less than half of participant addresses, limiting study power. © 2024 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Successful Fertility Outcome with Assisted Reproductive Technology in Serous Borderline Ovarian Tumour: A Case Report and Review of Literature; Borderline ovarian tumours (BOTs) are frequently found in women less than 40 years when fertility preservation becomes an important issue. Women with BOT maybe infertile before and after treatment is initiated. It is therefore important to counsel women regarding fertility and also collaborate with a fertility specialist to evaluate reproductive health before commencing treatment. We present a case of successful fertility outcome using donor oocyte IVF after fertility-sparing management in a woman with serous borderline ovarian neoplasm with uterine fibroids and poor ovarian reserve. Incidentally, the woman also had a benign breast lump which was managed concurrently. © The Author(s) under exclusive licence to Association of Gynecologic Oncologists of India 2024.
Consumption of red and processed meat during early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes: a prospective birth cohort study; To investigate the association of red and processed meat intake with the risk of gestational diabetes (GDM) in Iranian mothers. A total of 635 pregnant mothers were included. Dietary intake was assessed by a 90-item food frequency questionnaire during the first trimester of pregnancy. Intakes of total red meat, unprocessed red meat, and processed meat were calculated and then, Cox proportional hazard model was used to calculate the hazard ratios (HR) and 95%CIs of GDM across tertiles of red meat intake while controlling for age, occupation, pre-pregnancy body mass index, physical activities, history of cardiovascular disease, hypertension, hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and pregnancy hypertension, order of pregnancy, nausea during current pregnancy, multivitamin use during current pregnancy, weight gain during current pregnancy and total energy intake. The average age of the mothers was 28.80 ± 5.09 years, the average pre-pregnancy body mass index was 25.13 ± 4.43 kg/m2, and the average weight gain during pregnancy was 13.50 ± 5.03 kg. The multivariable-adjusted HRs of GDM for the third tertiles of red and processed meat, red meat, and processed meat intake were, respectively, 1.92 (95% CI 1.06, 3.49), 1.52 (95% CI 0.85, 2.72) and 1.31 (95% CI 0.73, 2.34) when compared to the first tertiles. Our prospective cohort study suggested that there was a positive association between the consumption of red and processed meat and with risk of GDM in a small sample of Iranian mothers with low red meat intake. More large-scale cohort studies in the Iranian population are needed to present more robust evidence in this regard. © The Author(s) 2024.
The impact of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension on future cardiovascular events: A nationwide cross-sectional cohort study; Objectives: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of female death worldwide. The link between future cardiovascular events and a history of hypertensive disease in pregnancy or gestational diabetes (GDM) has been well established. Less well understood is the impact on future cardiovascular risk when gestational hypertension (GH) and GDM have occurred together. We assessed the association of GDM and GH with future cardiovascular events both alone and in combination. Study design: All female patients discharged from French hospitals in 2013 with 5 years of subsequent and complete follow-up were identified. They were grouped depending on their history of GDM, history of GH, history of both or history of neither. After propensity score matching, patients with GDM and/or GH were matched 1:1 with patients with no GDM or GH. Hazard ratios (HR) for cardiovascular events during follow-up were adjusted by age at baseline. Results: Women with a history of GH had an increased risk of cardiovascular death (HR 5.46, 95 % confidence interval [CI] 1.93–15.49). Women with a history of GDM had no significant difference in the risk of cardiovascular events such as myocardial infarction (HR 0.88, 95 %CI 0.38–2.03) and cardiovascular death (HR 1.25, 95 %CI 0.47–3.36) during the 5 year follow up. Those with a history of both GDM and GH had a significantly increased risk of myocardial infarction (HR 23.33, 95 %CI 4.84–112.39). Conclusion: Women with a history of both GH and GDM are at a 23-fold increased risk of myocardial infarction within the first 5 years of their postnatal lives. © 2024 The Authors
Effects of Metabolic Syndrome on Pregnancy Outcomes in Women Without Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Context: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of metabolic risk factors that predict cardiovascular disease. Previous studies suggested that MetS impaired clinical outcomes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF). Objective: To evaluate the effects of MetS on IVF/intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) outcomes in women without PCOS. Methods: This retrospective study collected 8539 eligible women without PCOS who came for their first cycle of IVF/ICSI to the Institute of Women, Children and Reproductive Health, Shandong University, from 2017 to 2020, including 1147 subjects in the MetS group and 7392 in the control group. The primary outcome was live birth. Secondary outcomes included other pregnancy outcomes and the risk of maternal and neonatal complications. Results: Women in the MetS group had a lower live birth rate (50.6% vs 54.9%, adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 0.87, 95% CI 0.75-1.00, P =. 045) and higher risks of late miscarriage (5.8% vs 3.3%, aOR 1.52, 95% CI 1.02-2.27, P =. 041), gestational diabetes mellitus (13.7% vs 7.0%, aOR 1.84, 95% CI 1.30-2.60, P =. 001), hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (7.8% vs 3.5%, aOR 1.79, 95% CI 1.14-2.83, P =. 012), and preterm birth (9.0% vs 4.4%, aOR 2.03, 95% CI 1.33-3.08, P =. 001). Singleton newborns in the MetS group were at higher risk of large for gestational age (33.3% vs 20.5%, aOR 1.66, 95% CI (1.31-2.13), P <. 001) but at lower risk of small for gestational age (2.7% vs 6.2%, aOR 0.48, 95% CI 0.25-0.90, P =. 023). Conclusion: MetS was associated with adverse IVF/ICSI outcomes in women without PCOS. © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society.
Impaired microvascular insulin-dependent dilation in women with a history of gestational diabetes; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a significantly greater lifetime risk of developing cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes compared with women who had an uncomplicated pregnancy (HC). Microvascular endothelial dysfunction, mediated via reduced nitric oxide (NO)-dependent dilation secondary to increases in oxidative stress, persists after pregnancy complicated by GDM. We examined whether this microvascular dysfunction reduces insulin-mediated vascular responses in women with a history of GDM. We assessed in vivo microvascular endothelium-dependent vasodilator function by measuring cutaneous vascular conductance responses to graded infusions of acetylcholine (10-10-10-1 M) and insulin (10-8-10-4 M) in control sites and sites treated with 15 mM l-NAME [NG-nitro-l-arginine methyl ester; NO-synthase (NOS) inhibitor] or 5 mM l-ascorbate. We also measured protein expression of total endothelial NOS (eNOS), insulin-mediated eNOS phosphorylation, and endothelial nitrotyrosine in isolated endothelial cells from GDM and HC. Women with a history of GDM had reduced acetylcholine (P < 0.001)- and insulin (P < 0.001)-mediated dilation, and the NO-dependent responses to both acetylcholine (P = 0.006) and insulin (P = 0.006) were reduced in GDM compared with HC. Insulin stimulation increased phosphorylated eNOS content in HC (P = 0.009) but had no effect in GDM (P = 0.306). Ascorbate treatment increased acetylcholine (P < 0.001)- and insulin (P < 0.001)-mediated dilation in GDM, and endothelial cell nitrotyrosine expression was higher in GDM compared with HC (P = 0.014). Women with a history of GDM have attenuated microvascular vasodilation responses to insulin, and this attenuation is mediated, in part, by reduced NO-dependent mechanisms. Our findings further implicate increased endothelial oxidative stress in this microvascular insulin resistance.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Women who have gestational diabetes during pregnancy are at a greater risk for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in the decade following pregnancy. The mechanisms mediating this increased risk are unclear. Herein, we demonstrate that insulin-dependent microvascular responses are reduced in women who had gestational diabetes, despite the remission of glucose intolerance. This reduced microvascular sensitivity to insulin may contribute to increased cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes risk in these women.
How reliably does prenatal echocardiography predict urgent balloon atrial septostomy in fetuses with D-TGA?; Objective: To analyze the prenatal and postnatal outcomes of fetuses with D-TGA and to determine whether prenatal echocardiography may predict postnatal urgent BAS. Study Design: A retrospective study of fetuses with D-TGA, for which fetal echocardiography was performed at our tertiary hospital from January 2018 to May 2023. We assessed the appearance of the septum primum and the FO flap in the four-chamber view as to whether the FO had a restrictive appearance during measurement of the diameter of the FO at its maximal angle to the attachment point. Color Doppler was used to detect VSDs and measure its diameter both in the four-chamber view and when visualizing the outlets of the great arteries in the sagittal section of the heart. Results: During the study period, 64 fetuses were diagnosed with D-TGA, which was also confirmed postnatally. Of these, 16 fetuses were excluded due to additional cardiac anomalies or the inability to reach the mother. In total, 48 cases were included in this series. In our study, the FO diameter was significantly decreased in the urgent BAS group, compared with the fetuses without urgent BAS (5.1 mm vs 6.3 mm). A cut off of 6 mm for the FO diameter (sensitivity, 73.3 %; specificity, 72.2 %; area under the curve [AUC], 0.764) and 3.2 mm for the VSD diameter (sensitivity, 75 %; specificity, 75 %; AUC, 0.728) suggested urgent BAS. Conclusion: Prenatal echocardiography performed after 37 weeks of gestation in fetuses with D-TGA provides valuable information to estimate the need for postnatal urgent BAS that would prevent immediate life-threatening complications. © 2024 Elsevier Masson SAS
Factors influencing necrotizing enterocolitis in premature infants in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is a multifactorial gastrointestinal disease with high morbidity and mortality among premature infants. However, studies with large samples on the factors of NEC in China have not been reported. This meta-analysis aims to systematically review the literature to explore the influencing factors of necrotizing enterocolitis in premature infants in China and provide a reference for the prevention of NEC. Methods: PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, Cochrane Library, China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), China Biomedical Literature Database (CBM), Wanfang and VIP databases were systematically searched from inception to February 2023. We used Stata14.0 software to perform the systematic review and meta-analysis. We used fixed or random effects models with combined odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs), and quality was evaluated using the Newcastle‒Ottawa Scale (NOS). Results: The total sample was 8616 cases, including 2456 cases in the intervention group and 6160 cases in the control group. It was found that 16 risk factors and 3 protective factors were related to necrotizing enterocolitis in premature infants. Septicemia (OR = 3.91), blood transfusion (OR = 2.41), neonatal asphyxia (OR = 2.46), pneumonia (OR = 6.17), infection (OR = 5.99), congenital heart disease (OR = 4.80), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) (OR = 2.71), mechanical ventilation (OR = 1.44), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (OR = 3.08), respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) (OR = 3.28), hypoalbuminemia (OR = 2.80), patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) (OR = 3.10), respiratory failure (OR = 7.51), severe anemia (OR = 2.86), history of antibiotic use (OR = 2.12), and meconium-stained amniotic fluid (MSAF) (OR = 3.14) were risk factors for NEC in preterm infants in China. Breastfeeding (OR = 0.31), oral probiotics (OR = 0.36), and prenatal use of glucocorticoids (OR = 0.38) were protective factors for NEC in preterm infants. Conclusions: Septicemia, blood transfusion, neonatal asphyxia, pneumonia, infection, congenital heart disease, ICP, GDM, RDS, hypoproteinemia, PDA, respiratory failure, severe anemia, history of antibiotic use and MSAF will increase the risk of NEC in premature infants, whereas breastfeeding, oral probiotics and prenatal use of glucocorticoids reduce the risk. Due to the quantity and quality of the included literature, the above findings need to be further validated by more high-quality studies. © The Author(s) 2024.
Association of adverse pregnancy outcomes with cardiovascular risk profiles in later life: Current insights from the Hamburg City Health Study (HCHS); Background and aims: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) have been related to increased cardiovascular (CV) risk and mortality in later life. Underlying pathomechanisms for the development of CV disease in these women are not yet fully understood. In this study, we aimed to investigate the relationship between APO and individual CV risk profiles in later life. Methods: We used cross-sectional data from 10,000 participants enrolled in the Hamburg City Health Study (HCHS). We analysed self-reported APO, CV risk factors and health status, including biomarkers, electrocardiogram, echocardiography and vascular ultrasound. To examine associations, Wilcoxon rank sum test and Pearson's χ2-test were performed. Multivariable-adjusted regression models were calculated to determine associations. Results: N = 1970 women who reported pregnancies were included. Median age was 63 years, 8.7 % reported gestational hypertension (gHTN), 18 % excessive weight gain and 2.4 % gestational diabetes. Ten percent had delivered newborns with birth weight <2.5 kg, 14 % newborns with birth weight >4 kg. In multivariable-adjusted models, significant associations between APO, CV risk profiles and cardiac remodeling were identified. gHTN correlated with higher body mass index (BMI) (Beta 1.68, CI 95 % 0.86–2.50; p < 0.001), hypertension (OR 4.58, CI 95 % 2.79–7.86; p < 0.001), left ventricular remodeling (e.g. left ventricular mass index (Beta 4.46, CI 95 % 1.05–7.87; p = 0.010)) and myocardial infarction (OR 3.27, CI 95 % 0.94–10.07; p = 0.046). Conclusions: In this population-based sample, APO were associated with CV risk profiles and cardiac remodeling in later life, suggesting early manifestations of future CV risk during pregnancy. Prospective data is needed for individual risk stratification in women with APO. © 2024 The Authors
The current clinical landscape of neonatal respiratory failure in Jiangsu Province of China: patient demographics, NICU treatment interventions, and patient outcomes; Introduction: Neonatal respiratory failure (NRF) is a serious condition that often has high mortality and morbidity, effective interventions can be delivered in the future by identifying the risk factors associated with morbidity and mortality. However, recent advances in respiratory support have improved neonatal intensive care units (NICUs) care in China. We aimed to provide an updated review of the clinical profile and outcomes of NRF in the Jiangsu province. Methods: Infants treated for NRF in the NICUs of 28 hospitals between March 2019 and March 2022 were retrospectively reviewed. Data collected included baseline perinatal and neonatal parameters, NICU admission- and treatment-related data, and patient outcomes in terms of mortality, major morbidity, and survival without major morbidities. Results: A total of 5548 infants with NRF were included in the study. The most common primary respiratory disorder was respiratory distress syndrome (78.5%). NRF was managed with non-invasive and invasive respiratory support in 59.8% and 14.5% of patients, respectively. The application rate of surfactant therapy was 38.5%, while that of neonatal extracorporeal membrane oxygenation therapy was 0.2%. Mortality and major morbidity rates of 8.5% and 23.2% were observed, respectively. Congenital anomalies, hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy, invasive respiratory support only and inhaled nitric oxide therapy were found to be significantly associated with the risk of death. Among surviving infants born at < 32 weeks of gestation or with a birth weight < 1500 g, caffeine therapy and repeat mechanical ventilation were demonstrated to significantly associate with increased major morbidity risk. Conclusion: Our study demonstrates the current clinical landscape of infants with NRF treated in the NICU, and, by proxy, highlights the ongoing advancements in the field of perinatal and neonatal intensive care in China. © The Author(s) 2024.
Serial Diurnal Salivary Cortisol Profiles in 667 Pregnant Women - Association With Cardiometabolic Complications; Context: Maternal obesity, hypertensive pregnancy disorders, and gestational diabetes (GDM) are linked to an increased risk of negative offspring health outcomes. This association may be mediated by maternal hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis (HPA axis) activity, resulting in elevated maternal cortisol levels and fetal exposure, but evidence remains scarce. Objective: We (1) examined maternal diurnal cortisol profiles longitudinally across gestation, and (2) explored associations with maternal cardiometabolic complications. Methods: Women in the InTraUterine sampling in early pregnancy (ITU) study (n = 667) provided 7 salivary cortisol samples from awakening to bedtime up to 3 times during pregnancy (median gestational week 19.3, 25.7, and 38.1; n = 9356 samples). Changes in cortisol awakening response (CAR) and diurnal slope (indicative of HPA axis activity) and their associations with maternal body mass index (BMI), hypertensive pregnancy disorders and GDM were examined using linear mixed models. Results: The CAR declined in 60% to 67% of women, and the diurnal slope attenuated from early to late pregnancy (b = 0.006; P =. 001). Higher BMI was associated with less decline in CAR (b = 0.031; P =. 0004) and less attenuation in diurnal slope from early to late pregnancy (b = -0.001; P =. 006). Hypertensive pregnancy disorders and GDM were not significantly associated with diurnal cortisol profiles. Conclusion: The attenuation in CAR and diurnal slope support HPA axis hyporesponsivity during pregnancy. Less attenuation of both markers in women with a higher BMI may indicate reduced adaption of the HPA axis to pregnancy, presenting a mechanistic link to offspring health outcomes.  © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society.
Endocrine Disruptors in Pregnancy: Effects on Mothers and Fetuses—A Review; Background/Objectives: Endocrine disruptors are ubiquitous agents in the environment and are present in everyday consumer products. These agents can interfere with the endocrine system, and subsequently the reproductive system, especially in pregnancy. An increasing number of studies have been conducted to discover and describe the health effects of these agents on humans, including pregnant women, their fetuses, and the placenta. This review discusses prenatal exposure to various endocrine disruptors, focusing on bisphenols, phthalates, organophosphates, and perfluoroalkyl substances, and their effects on pregnancy and fetal development. Methods: We reviewed the literature via the PubMed and EBSCO databases and included the most relevant studies. Results: Our findings revealed that several negative health outcomes were linked to endocrine disruptors. However, despite the seriousness of this topic and the abundance of research on these agents, it remains challenging to draw strong conclusions about their effects from the available studies. This does not allow for strong, universal guidelines and might result in poor patient counseling and heterogeneous approaches to regulating endocrine disruptors. Conclusions: The seriousness of this matter calls for urgent efforts, and more studies are needed in this realm, to protect pregnant patients, and ultimately, in the long term, society. © 2024 by the authors.
Impairments of insulin and glucagon sensitivity in Chinese women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: To evaluate insulin and glucagon sensitivity in Han Chinese women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: In total, 81 women with GDM and 81 age-matched healthy controls were evaluated with a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at gestational weeks 24-28. Plasma glucose concentrations were measured at fasting and 1 h and 2 h post-OGTT. Fasting plasma insulin, glucagon and amino acids were also measured. Insulin and glucagon sensitivity were assessed by the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and glucagon-alanine index, respectively. Results: As expected, plasma glucose concentrations were higher at fasting and 1 h and 2 h post-OGTT in GDM participants (p <.001 each). Both the HOMA-IR and the glucagon-alanine index were higher in GDM participants. There was a weak positive correlation between HOMA-IR and glucagon-alanine index (r = 0.24, p =.0024). Combining the HOMA-IR and the glucagon-alanine index yielded better capacity (area under the curve = 0.878) than either alone (area under the curve = 0.828 for HOMA-IR and 0.751 for glucagon-alanine index, respectively) in differentiating GDM from healthy participants. While the majority of GDM participants (64%) exhibited both reduced insulin and glucagon sensitivity, a third of them presented either reduced insulin (20%) or glucagon (14%) sensitivity alone. HOMA-IR and glucagon-alanine index correlated differentially with fasting glucose, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, sum of amino acids and hepatic steatosis index. Conclusions: Impairments of both insulin and glucagon sensitivity occur frequently in Chinese women with GDM, which may, individually or together, drive metabolic derangements in GDM. These observations provide new insights into the pathophysiology of GDM and support the need to target insulin or glucagon resistance, or both, in the management of GDM. © 2024 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Treatment Outcomes of Dipeptidyl Peptidase-4 Inhibitors and Sodium-Glucose Co-Transporter-2 Inhibitors in Diabetes Mellitus with Poor Glycemic Control; Background: Diabetes,a progressive disease necessitating multifaceted pharmacological interventions for glycemic control, commonly employs Dipeptidyl Peptidase-4 inhibitors (DPP-4i) and Sodium-Glucose Co-Transporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT-2i).The ongoing challenge lies in determining the superior option for safety and efficacy. Objective: e: This study aims to describe the treatment outcomes of DPP-4 inhibitors (DPP-4i) and Sodium-Glucose Co-Transporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT-2i) in individuals with diabetes mellitus (DM) receiving metformin with poor glycemic control. Methods: This prospective study was conducted at the Endocrinology Outpatient Department of Dhaka Medical College Hospital, Dhaka, and included 90 individuals with diabetes mellitus who met the selection criteria. Divided into two groups, Group I (n=45) received DPP-4 inhibitors plus metformin, and Group II (n=45) received SGLT2 inhibitors plus metformin. Baseline data, including HbA1c, fasting blood glucose (FBG), blood glucose 2 hours after breakfast, weight, lipid profile, and serum creatinine, were recorded at the first visit and 12 weeks. Safety was assessed based on adverse drug effects. Results: After 12 weeks, both groups exhibited significant reductions in HbA1c, FBG, and postprandial blood glucose levels. However, the SGLT-2i group demonstrated significant improvements in HbA1c (P<0.012), fasting plasma glucose (P<0.003), and postprandial glucose levels (P<0.001), along with a reduction in body weight (P<0.042). Hypoglycemia rates were low and balanced between groups. Notably, SGLT-2i usage correlated with an increased incidence of urinary tract infections (13.33% vs. 6.66% in DPP-4i) and exclusive genital infections (11.11%, P<0.022). Conclusion: Diabetic patients receiving SGLT-2 inhibitors had better glycemic control and body weight improvements in comparison to DPP-4 inhibitors. However, SGLT-2 inhibitors encountered more genital infections than DPP-4 inhibitors. © 2024 Kabir SMH.
Pregnancy characteristics in Egyptian female patients with NMOSD; Background: Neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (NMOSD) primarily affects women of childbearing age. Objectives: Studying the potential relationship between NMOSD and pregnancy characteristics and outcomes. Subjects and methods: This is a retrospective cohort study that was conducted on 66 married female patients diagnosed with NMOSD. All patients underwent a thorough review of their demographic and clinical history through their medical records and personal interviews. Additionally, a complete neurological examination was performed, along with the expanded disability status scale (EDSS) and a pregnancy registry questionnaire. Results: After comparing married patients before and after disease onset, there was a significant increase in the number of abortions and the percentage of cesarean sections, as well as a decrease in the percentage of breastfeeding after disease onset. The p values were.02, <.001, and <.001, respectively, with odds ratios of 2.03, 5.13, and 6.17. Additionally, there was a rise in the occurrence of postpartum relapses, which accounted for 66% of all relapses after the disease onset. Most of these relapses (88.7%) occurred within the first 3 months postpartum. Conclusion: Presence of NMOSD increased the percentage of miscarriage, delivery by cesarean section, and decreased the chance of breastfeeding. In addition, pregnancy increases NMOSD relapse and subsequent disability. © The Author(s), 2024.
Association of Changes in A1C Following Continuous Glucose Monitoring Acquisition in People with Sub-Optimally Treated Type 2 Diabetes Taking GLP-1 RA Therapy; Introduction: Both glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1 RA) and continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) improve glycemia in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). However, it is unknown whether adding CGM to GLP-1 RA therapy further improves A1c. We evaluated changes in A1c levels 6 months after initiation of FreeStyle Libre (FSL) in adults with sub-optimally controlled T2D already on GLP-1 RA therapy. Methods: This retrospective, observational study used Optum’s de-identified Market Clarity Data, a linked electronic health record-claims database to assess changes in A1c after FSL acquisition. Inclusion criteria were T2D diagnosis, ≥ 18 years, baseline A1c ≥ 8%, with the first FSL acquisition between 2018 and 2022. Patients were required to be on GLP-1 RA prior to FSL with at least one GLP-1 RA prescription within 90 days of FSL acquisition. GLP-1 RA initiation was defined as the earliest GLP-1 RA prescription from 2017 onwards. Paired changes in A1c were assessed at 6 months after initial FSL acquisition. Results: The study cohort included 1454 adults with T2D (age 55 ± 10 years, 52% male, 38% with intensive insulin therapy, median 471 days from GLP-1 RA initiation to FSL, and baseline A1c 9.8 ± 1.5%). After FSL acquisition, patients experienced an A1c decrease of 1.5 ± 1.9% (p < 0.001). Patients with a baseline A1c > 10% had the largest reduction (n = 497, − 2.7 ± 2.2%, p < 0.001). Significant improvements were observed in subgroups based on insulin therapy and GLP-1 RA formulation. Those initiating GLP-1 RA therapy > 24 months before FSL acquisition also showed improvements in A1c (n = 478; − 1.3 ± 1.7%, p < 0.001). Conclusions : In a large, real-world study of adults with T2D, those on prior GLP-1 RA therapy experienced significant A1c improvements after acquiring FSL, irrespective of GLP-1 RA duration, GLP-1 RA formulation, or insulin therapy type. These findings support the use of FSL in adults with T2D treated with GLP-1 RA. © The Author(s) 2024.
Rituximab as a treatment for refractory immune thrombocytopenia during pregnancy; Immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) is most common in women during their reproductive years. When a low platelet count occurs for the first time during pregnancy, the differential diagnosis includes pregnancy-specific conditions. Although ITP is the most common cause of thrombocytopenia early in pregnancy, pregnancy-related thrombocytopenia develops mainly in late gestation. As maternal and neonatal outcomes are usually favourable, ITP per se is not a contraindication for pregnancy.We report the case with a literature review of patient with ITP, whose diagnosis was established in early pregnancy. This condition was refractory to first-line treatments, such as high-dose steroids and intravenous immunoglobulin and other splenectomy-sparing approaches, as rituximab, having the control been reached on the third trimester after splenectomy. Although not effective in this case, we still believe that rituximab should be considered before surgery during pregnancy.  Copyright © 2024 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Development and validation of a nomogram to predict intracranial haemorrhage in neonates; Background: The aim of this study was to establish and validate a Susceptibility-weighted imaging (SWI)-based predictive model for neonatal intracranial haemorrhage (ICH). Methods: A total of 1190 neonates suspected of ICH after cranial ultrasound screening in a tertiary hospital were retrospectively enrolled. The neonates were randomly divided into a training cohort and a internal validation cohort by a ratio of 7:3. Univariate analysis was used to analyze the correlation between risk factors and ICH, and the prediction model of neonatal ICH was established by multivariate logistic regression based on minimum Akaike information criterion (AIC). The nomogram was externally validated in another tertiary hospital of 91 neonates. The performance of the nomogram was evaluated in terms of discrimination by the area under the curve (AUC), calibration by the calibration curve and clinical net benefit by the decision curve analysis (DCA). Results: Univariate analysis and min AIC-based multivariate logistic regression screened the following variables to establish a predictive model for neonatal ICH: Platelet count (PLT), gestational diabetes, mode of delivery, amniotic fluid contamination, 1-min Apgar score. The AUC was 0.715, 0.711, and 0.700 for the training cohort, internal validation cohort, and external validation cohort, respectively. The calibration curve showed a good correlation between the nomogram prediction and actual observation for ICH. DCA showed the nomogram was clinically useful. Conclusion: We developed and validated an easy-to-use nomogram to predict ICH for neonates. This model could support individualized risk assessment and healthcare. © 2024 Taiwan Pediatric Association
Perspective of Continuous Glucose Monitoring-Based Interventions at the Various Stages of Type 2 Diabetes; Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) is now advocated for the clinical management of individuals with type 1 diabetes (T1D). However, this glucose monitoring strategy is not routinely used in type 2 diabetes (T2D), given the large population, significant cost implications and relatively limited supporting evidence. T2D is a more heterogenous condition compared with T1D with various glucose lowering therapies that do not necessarily require CGM to ensure within target glucose levels. While all individuals with T2D may benefit from CGM at certain time points, the whole T2D population does not necessarily require this technology continuously, which should be prioritized based on patient benefit and cost effectiveness. In this pragmatic opinion piece, we describe the rationale and evidence for CGM use in different subgroups of individuals with T2d, divided according to the stage of the condition, glycemic therapies, presence of diabetes complications, or associated co-morbidities. We discuss a total of 16 T2D subgroups and provide a clinical view on CGM use in each, based on current evidence while also highlighting areas of knowledge gaps. This work provides health care professionals with a simple guide to CGM use in different T2D groups and gives suggestion for future studies to justify expansion of this technology. © The Author(s) 2024.
New definitions, old complications: The association between duration of transition from latent to active labor and adverse obstetrical outcomes; Objective: To explore the relationship between the duration of transition from latent to active labor and various obstetric, maternal, fetal, and neonatal outcomes. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted on term, singleton deliveries at Soroka University Medical Center from 2013 to 2018. Data were extracted from electronic medical records. The exposure variable was defined as prolonged transition, which was itself defined as the upper 10th centile of dilation duration from 4 to 6 cm. Clinical and demographic characteristics were compared using χ2 test. Multivariate logistic regression was used to estimate the contribution of a prolonged transition with each adverse outcome adjusting for potential confounders. Results: In all, 12 104 deliveries met the inclusion criteria. The mean ± standard deviation of duration of dilation from 4 to 6 cm was 03:07:58 ± 03:03:42 (hours:minutes:seconds). Progress curves varied significantly among patients with different obstetrical and demographic characteristics. Prolonged transition was significantly linked to an increased risk of cesarean delivery (adjusted odds raito 2.607, 95% confidence interval 2.171–3.130, area under the curve 0.689) and higher rates of maternal and neonatal morbidity. Conclusions: Patients experiencing transition phases exceeding the 90th centile faced an elevated risk of cesarean delivery and postpartum complications. Future studies should focus on interventions during the transition phase to improve pregnancy outcomes and enhance patient safety. © 2024 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.
Beyond the Tailbone: A Family's Journey Through Caudal Regression Syndrome—A Triple Sibship; Background: Caudal regression syndrome (CRS), also known as caudal agenesis, results from abnormal development of the caudal aspect of the spinal cord and vertebral column due to an earlier abnormality of gastrulation. Results: This report showcases a unique scenario where three siblings, devoid of any prior family history or identifiable risk factors, exhibit symptoms of CRS and receive care at a government-run tertiary facility dedicated to children's health. In establishing a concrete diagnosis, we relied on skeletal surveys, comprehensive symptom evaluation, and medical history assessment. Additionally, we recommended further investigation through magnetic resonance imaging and genetic testing to attain a more in-depth understanding and confirmation of the condition. Unfortunately, the financial constraints faced by the parents led to the unfeasibility of pursuing these advanced diagnostic options. Given the rarity of this syndrome and the limited existing literature, our report is a significant contribution. It marks the first comprehensive exploration of CRS from the genetic and familial predisposition perspective, shedding new light on this rare condition. Conclusion: This case series pioneers our understanding of the familial and genetic connections between CRS and sacral agenesis. Strikingly, each subsequent generation has experienced more severe manifestations earlier, furnishing compelling evidence that underpins the genetic predisposition to CRS. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.
Association of Gestational Diabetes With Subclinical Cardiovascular Disease; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased long-term risk of cardiovascular disease but the cardiovascular structural and functional changes that contribute to risk are not well understood. Objectives: The purpose of this study was to determine whether GDM is associated with adverse cardiac remodeling and endothelial dysfunction a decade after delivery, independent of type 2 diabetes. Methods: Women with deliveries between 2008 and 2009 were initially selected from a prospective clinical cohort. Pregnancy history was chart abstracted and a follow-up study visit was conducted at 8 to 10 years postpartum. Cardiac structure and function were assessed with echocardiography. Endothelial function was measured with peripheral arterial tonometry and glycocalyx analysis. Results: Among 254 women assessed at an average age of 38 years, 53 (21%) had prior GDM. At follow-up, women with GDM had more incident prediabetes or diabetes (58% vs 20% without GDM), more impairment in peripheral arterial tonometry (reactive hyperemia 1.58 vs 1.95; P = 0.01) and reduced perfusion, a marker of glycocalyx assessment (red blood cell filling 0.70 ± 0.04 vs 0.72 ± 0.05; P < 0.01). Despite adjustment for demographic and reproductive characteristics, women with GDM had great septal wall thickness by 8% (95% CI: 2.3%-14.7%) and worse diastology with higher E/E’ by 11% (95% CI: 1.1%-21.5%). After additional adjustment for diabetes and prediabetes, several parameters remained significantly impaired. Conclusions: Having GDM within the past decade was associated with more adverse cardiac structure/function and vascular endothelial function. Some, but not all, risks may be mediated through the development of prediabetes or type 2 diabetes. Enhanced preventive efforts are needed to mitigate cardiovascular risk among women with GDM. © 2024 The Authors
Metformin beyond type 2 diabetes: Emerging and potential new indications; Metformin is best known as a foundational therapy for type 2 diabetes but is also used in other contexts in clinical medicine with a number of emerging and potential indications. Many of its beneficial effects may be mediated by modest effects on weight loss and insulin sensitivity, but it has multiple other known mechanisms of action. Current clinical uses beyond type 2 diabetes include: polycystic ovarian syndrome; diabetes in pregnancy/gestational diabetes; prevention of type 2 diabetes in prediabetes; and adjunct therapy in type 1 diabetes. As metformin has been in clinical use for almost 70 years, much of the underpinning evidence for its use in these conditions is, by definition, based on trials conducted before the advent of contemporary evidence-based medicine. As a result, some of the above-established uses are ‘off-label’ in many regulatory territories and their use varies accordingly in different countries. Going forward, several current ‘repurposing’ investigational uses of metformin are also being investigated: prevention of cancer (including in Li Fraumeni syndrome), renal protection, Alzheimer's disease, metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease and promotion of healthy ageing. Despite the longevity of metformin and its important current roles beyond type 2 diabetes in clinical medicine, it has further potential and much research is ongoing. © 2024 The Author(s). Diabetes, Obesity and Metabolism published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Myhre syndrome in adulthood: clinical variability and emerging genotype-phenotype correlations; Myhre syndrome (MS, MIM 139210) is a rare multisystemic disorder caused by recurrent pathogenic missense variants in SMAD4. The clinical features have been mainly documented in childhood and comprise variable neurocognitive development, recognizable craniofacial features, a short stature with a pseudo-muscular build, hearing loss, thickened skin, joint limitations, diverse cardiovascular and airway manifestations, and increased fibrosis often following trauma or surgery. In contrast, adults with MS are underreported obscuring potential clinical variability. Here, we describe 24 adults with MS, including 17 diagnosed after the age of 18 years old, and we review the literature on adults with MS. Overall, our cohort shows a milder phenotype as well as lower mortality rates compared to what has been published in literature. Individuals with a codon 500 variant in SMAD4 present with a more pronounced neurodevelopmental and systemic phenotype. However, in contrast to the literature, we observe cardiovascular abnormalities in individuals with the p.(Arg496Cys) variant. In addition, we describe scoliosis as a new manifestation and we report fertility in two additional males with the p.(Arg496Cys). In conclusion, our study contributes novel insights into the clinical variability of MS and underscores the importance of variant-specific considerations, and we provide recommendations for the management of MS in adulthood. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to European Society of Human Genetics 2024.
The interplay between birth weight and obesity in determining childhood and adolescent cardiometabolic risk; Background: Birth weight (BW) is associated with risk of cardiometabolic disease (CMD) in adulthood, which may depend on the state of obesity, in particular if developed at a young age. We hypothesised that BW and a polygenic score (PGS) for BW were associated with cardiometabolic risk and related plasma protein levels in children and adolescents. We aimed to determine the modifying effect of childhood obesity on these associations. Methods: We used data from The cross-sectional HOLBAEK Study with 4263 participants (median [IQR] age, 11.7 [9.2, 14.3] years; 57.1% girls and 42.9% boys; 48.6% from an obesity clinic and 51.4% from a population-based group). We gathered information on BW and gestational age, anthropometrics, cardiometabolic risk factors, calculated a PGS for BW, and measured plasma proteins using Olink Inflammation and Cardiovascular II panels. We employed multiple linear regression to examine the associations with BW as a continuous variable and performed interaction analyses to assess the effect of childhood obesity on cardiometabolic risk and plasma protein levels. Findings: BW and a PGS for BW associated with cardiometabolic risk and plasma protein levels in childhood and adolescence. Childhood obesity modified the associations between BW and measures of insulin resistance, including HOMA-IR (βadj [95% CI per SD] for obesity: −0.12 [−0.15, −0.08]; normal weight: −0.04 [−0.08, 0.00]; Pinteraction = 0.004), c-peptide (obesity: −0.11 [−0.14, −0.08]; normal weight: −0.02 [−0.06, 0.02]; Pinteraction = 5.05E-04), and SBP SDS (obesity: −0.12 [−0.16, −0.08]; normal weight: −0.06 [−0.11, −0.01]; Pinteraction = 0.0479). Childhood obesity also modified the associations between BW and plasma levels of 14 proteins (e.g., IL15RA, MCP1, and XCL1; Pinteraction < 0.05). Interpretation: We identified associations between lower BW and adverse metabolic phenotypes, particularly insulin resistance, blood pressure, and altered plasma protein levels, which were more pronounced in children with obesity. Developing effective prevention and treatment strategies for this group is needed to reduce the risk of future CMD. Funding: Novo Nordisk Foundation (NNF15OC0016544, NNF0064142 to T.H., NNF15OC0016692 to T.H. and A.K., NNF18CC0033668 to S.E.S, NNF18SA0034956 to C.E.F., NNF20SA0067242 to DCA, NNF18CC0034900 to NNF CBMR), The Innovation Fund Denmark (0603-00484B to T.H.), The Danish Cardiovascular Academy (DCA) and the Danish Heart Foundation (HF) (PhD2021007-DCA to P.K.R, 18-R125-A8447-22088 (HF) and 21-R149-A10071-22193 (HF) to M.A.V.L., PhD2023009- HF to L.A.H), EU Horizon (668031, 847989, 825694, 964590 to A.K.), Innovative Health Initiative (101132901 for A.K.), A.P. Møller Foundation (19-L-0366 to T.H.), The Danish National Research Foundation, Steno Diabetes Center Sjælland, and The Region Zealand and Southern Denmark Health Scientific Research Foundation. © 2024 The Author(s)
Use of Sotrovimab in Pregnancy: Experiences from the COVID-19 International Drug Pregnancy Registry; Introduction: Available data regarding the safety and efficacy of sotrovimab in pregnant patients remain limited due to their exclusion from clinical trials. Methods : The COVID-19 International Drug Pregnancy Registry (COVID-PR) was established to gather comprehensive safety data from pregnant women who have received monoclonal antibody (mAb) or antiviral treatments for mild, moderate, or severe coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) during pregnancy. Participants actively contributed self-reported data concerning their COVID-19 symptoms, in addition to sociodemographic and health-related characteristics. Obstetric, neonatal, and infant outcomes were also documented, with follow-up extending up to 12 months after childbirth. Results: As of 30 November 2023, sotrovimab was administered to 39 participants enrolled in the COVID-PR. At the time of this report, 26 participants had given birth, with nine deliveries performed via cesarean section. The infants’ birthweight ranged from 2381 g to 4762 g, with a mean of 3439.91 g. Twenty-five infants were born at ≥37 weeks. A total of 31 adverse events (AEs) were reported by 12 participants. The most frequently reported AE was gestational hypertension, observed in three participants. COVID-19 re-infection, fatigue, gestational diabetes, headache, and morning sickness were each reported by two participants. Of the reported AEs, eight (in five participants) were classified as serious, including four AEs (prolonged labor, pre-eclampsia, polyhydramnios, premature labor) that affected pregnancy. Seven of these eight serious AEs (SAEs) were found to be unrelated to sotrovimab, with one event (urinary retention) not assessable. A total of 44 AEs were reported in 19 delivered infants or in utero fetuses. The most common were COVID-19 (n = 6 events), ear infection (n = 5 events), neonatal dyspnea (n = 3 events), and respiratory syncytial virus infection (n = 3 events). Sixteen AEs (in 11 infants/fetuses) were classified as serious, including one report each of fetal cardiac disorder, congenital ankyloglossia, persistent right umbilical vein, and congenital hydronephrosis; the latter was considered a major congenital malformation. For all assessable SAEs, causality of sotrovimab treatment was ruled out based on lack of a temporal relationship alone or in combination with absence of a plausible mechanism. Conclusion: A sizable proportion of sotrovimab-treated participants in the COVID-PR had underlying medical conditions associated with an increased risk of severe COVID-19. None of the assessable SAEs were considered to be related to sotrovimab treatment. © The Author(s) 2024.
Effect of administration routes of oxytocin on hemoglobin in neonates with delayed umbilical cord clamping: a multi-centre randomized controlled clinical trial; Purpose: To evaluate the effect of intravenous infusion versus intramyometrial injection of oxytocin on hemoglobin levels in neonates with delayed umbilical cord clamping during cesarean section. Methods: The multi-centre randomized controlled trial was performed at three hospitals from February to June 2023. Women with term singleton gestations scheduled for cesarean delivery were allocated to receive an intravenous infusion of 10 units of oxytocin or a myometrial injection of 10 units of oxytocin during the surgery. The primary outcome was neonatal hemoglobin at 48 to 96 h after birth. Secondary outcomes were side-effects of oxytocin, postpartum haemorrhage, phototherapy for jaundice, feeding at 1 month, maternal and neonatal morbidity and re-admissions. Results: A total of 360 women were randomized (180 women in each group). The mean neonatal hemoglobin did not show a significant difference between the intravenous infusion group (194.3 ± 21.7 g/L) and the intramyometrial groups (195.2 ± 24.3 g/L) (p = 0.715). Secondary neonatal outcomes, involving phototherapy for jaundice, feeding at 1 month and neonatal intensive care unit admission were similar between the two groups. The maternal outcomes did not differ significantly between the two groups, except for a 200 mL higher intraoperative infusion volume observed in the intravenous group compared to the intramyometrial group. Conclusion: Among women undergoing elective cesarean delivery of term singleton pregnancies, there was no significant difference in neonatal hemoglobin at 48 to 96 h after birth between infants with delayed cord clamping, whether the oxytocin was administrated by intravenous infusion or intramyometrial injection. Trial registration: Chinese Clinical trial registry: ChiCTR2300067953 (1 February 2023). © The Author(s) 2024.
Perinatal outcomes among pregnant patients with peripartum coronavirus disease 2019 infection; Purpose: Evaluate maternal and neonatal outcomes in peripartum coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) positive women. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted, comparing outcomes between women with and without peripartum COVID-19. All singleton deliveries from June 2020 to January 2022 were included. Univariate analysis was followed by multivariate analysis. Results: Of 26,827 singleton deliveries, 563 women had peripartum COVID-19, associated with preterm deliveries both near-term and remote from term [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 1.6 and 2.0, respectively, p = 0.007 and 0.003]. Women with peripartum COVID-19 had a significantly higher rate of disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) (aOR 23.0, p < 0.001). Conversely, peripartum COVID-19 peripartum COVID-19 was negatively associated with premature rupture of membranes and prolonged maternal length of stay (aOR 0.7 and 0.5, respectively, p = 0.006 and <0.001). In cesarean delivery (CDs), patients with COVID-19 had higher rate of urgent CDs (75.5 vs. 56.1%, p < 0.001), higher rate of regional anesthesia (74.5 vs. 64.9%, p = 0.049), and longer anesthesia duration (86.1 vs. 53.4 min, p < 0.001). CD rate due to non-reassuring fetal heart rate (NRFHR) was significantly higher in women with COVID-19 (29.6 vs. 17.4%, p = 0.002). Conversely, CDs rate due to history of previous single CD was significantly higher in patients without COVID-19 diagnosis (13.6 vs. 4.1%, p = 0.006). Concerning neonatal outcomes, an association has been observed between COVID-19 and low one-minute APGAR score <5, as well as neonatal COVID-19 infection (aOR 61.8 and 1.7 respectively, p < 0.001 and p = 0.037). Conclusions: Peripartum COVID-19 is associated with preterm deliveries, urgent CDs and DIC, potentially aligning with the infection’s pathophysiology and coagulation alterations. © The Author(s) 2024.
Diabetes and Fasting in Ramadan; During Ramadan, Muslims with diabetes are subjected to fasting. Worldwide, seventy-seven per cent of Muslims fast during Ramadan, about 1.8 billion (24% of the global population).They have to fast and control blood glucose as well. To maintain good health, they need to control their blood pressure and lipids and maintain their weight. Every patient with diabetes has to see their physician from one to three months before the start of Ramadan. Physicians need to stratify the risk involving people with diabetes wishing to fast. Some people with diabetes might belong to a risk or very high-risk group. Fasting during Ramadan is of the highest risk for Type 1 diabetes and diabetes with pregnancy. Physicians have to remain vigilant on comorbidities and complications of diabetes. Physicians may help people with diabetes plan their lifestyle, diet, exercise and modify medication if necessary. People with diabetes can test their blood during their daytime fast. They need to do exercises in moderation, avoiding exhaustion. Tablets with a single evening dose are preferred to control diabetes if possible. Analogue basal is the preferred insulin. The diet should be adjusted to keep the daily calorie requirement before Ramadan. It is possible to customize the type of meals honoring the religious attitude and appetite during Ramadan. Fasting is not only a religious ritual; it can potentially have multiple health benefits for people with diabetes, emphasizing the importance of maintaining good health during fasting and the audience’s responsibility and commitment. © 2024 Uddin KN.
Women's reproductive risk score and healthy lifestyle modification in cardiovascular disease: Findings from the UK Biobank; Background and aims: Reproductive risk factors are associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women. However, the combined effects of the composite reproductive risk factors on CVD are unknown. This study was performed to construct a reproductive risk score (RRS) to measure reproductive status, examine the association between RRS and CVD, and explore the modification effect of healthy lifestyle on the association in women in the UK Biobank cohort. Methods: The RRS was constructed in 74,141 female participants with data about the items derived for the RRS in the UK Biobank. The RRS was derived from 17 baseline variables, all of which indicated women's reproductive health status. We defined four categories of RRS status: low-risk group (score 0–1); low-intermediate group (score 2–3); high-intermediate group (score 4–5); and high-risk group (score 6–13). We also constructed a healthy lifestyle score (HLS) with five related factors, and categorized into unhealthy lifestyle group (score: 0–1), intermediate lifestyle group (score: 2–3) and healthy lifestyle group (score: 4–5). Results: Each point increase in the RRS was associated with a 22 % higher risk of CVD (adjusted hazard ratio (aHR): 1.22; 95 % confidence interval (CI): 1.16 to 1.28), 23 % higher risk of IHD (1.23; 1.17 to 1.31) and 19 % higher risk of stroke (1.19; 1.07 to 1.32). The percentage population-attribution risks (PAR%) were 16 % (95 % CI: 8 to 24) for CVD, 15 % (95 % CI: 6 to 24) for IHD and 18 % (95 % CI: 1 to 33) for stroke. A healthy lifestyle significantly attenuated RRS associations with the incidence of CVD and IHD. The attributable proportions due to additive interaction (p < 0.001) between RRS and HLS were 0.14 (95 % CI: 0.07 to 0.22) for CVD and 0.15 (95 % CI: 0.09 to 0.23) for IHD, respectively. Conclusions: High RRS was associated with increased risks of CVD, IHD and stroke in female participants in the UK Biobank. The early-stage identification of women with reproductive risk using synthesised indicators and appropriate healthy lifestyle interventions could be useful for the prevention of early CVD and the extension of healthy active life expectancy. © 2024
Prenatal ultrasound screening and pregnancy outcomes in HIV-positive women in Germany: results from a retrospective single-center study at the Charité-Universitätsmedizin Berlin; Objectives: The aim of this study was to investigate the rate of Mother-to-child-transmission (MTCT) in women living with HIV (WLWH) in a tertiary care institution. Furthermore, we aimed to assess prenatal ultrasound screening for fetal anomalies and outcomes in high-risk pregnancies due to maternal HIV infection.” Methods: In this single-center study, retrospective data related to pregnancy and childbirth were collected from 420 WLWH. All data were evaluated descriptively. Results: From January 2014 to December 2020, a total number of 420 pregnant WLWH delivered 428 newborns. 415 (98.8%) were receiving antiretroviral therapy (ART) and 88.8% had a viral load of < 50 cop/ml prior delivery. 46 (11%) of the newborns were born prematurely. Low birth weight < 2500 g occurred in 38 (9.1%) of the children. 219 (52.1%) caesarean sections (CS) were performed. The most frequent indication for an elective CS was a previous CS (70.2%). 8 severe malformations were detected using first and second trimester ultrasound. In one child, MTCT was detected postpartum, resulting in an HIV transmission rate of 0.2% in the presented cohort. Conclusions: The low rate of vertical HIV-transmission in our cohort of 0.2% is the result of interdisciplinary prenatal care and high experience of healthcare providers in treatment of WLWH. Despite high ART coverage and adherence, good maternal immune system and very low vertical HIV transmission rate, maternal HIV infection remains a challenge in obstetric care. First and second ultrasound screening should be a part of prenatal care for HIV-infected women and should also be offered to HIV-negative women. A reduction of the rate of unnecessary elective caesarean deliveries in WLWH is necessary to reduce complications in subsequent pregnancies. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2023.
Perinatal and Postpartum Health Among People With Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities; IMPORTANCE Small, geographically limited studies report that people with intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD) have increased risk for serious pregnancy-related and birth-related challenges, including preeclampsia, preterm birth, and increased anxiety and depression, than their peers. United States–based population-level data among people with IDD are lacking. OBJECTIVES To identify perinatal and postpartum outcomes among a national, longitudinal sample of people with IDD enrolled in public health insurance, compare subgroups of people with IDD, and compare outcomes among people with IDD with those of peers without IDD. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS This retrospective cohort study used national Medicaid claims from January 1, 2008, to December 31, 2019, for 55 440 birthing people with IDD and a random sample of 438 557 birthing people without IDD. Medicaid funds almost half of all births and is the largest behavioral health insurer in the US, covering a robust array of services for people with IDD. Statistical analysis was performed from July 2023 to June 2024. EXPOSURE People who had a documented birth in Medicaid during the study years. MAIN OUTCOME AND MEASURES Perinatal outcomes were compared across groups using univariate and multivariate logistic regression. The probability of postpartum anxiety and depression was estimated using Kaplan-Meier and Cox proportional hazards regression. RESULTS The study sample included 55 440 birthing people with IDD (including 41 854 with intellectual disabilities [ID] and 13 586 with autism; mean [SD] age at first delivery, 24.9 [6.7] years) and a random sample of 438 557 birthing people without IDD (mean [SD] age at first delivery, 26.4 [6.3] years). People with IDD were younger at first observed delivery, had a lower prevalence of live births (66.6% vs 76.7%), and higher rates of obstetric conditions (gestational diabetes, 10.3% vs 9.9%; gestational hypertension, 8.7% vs 6.1%; preeclampsia, 6.1% vs 4.4%) and co-occurring physical conditions (heart failure, 1.4% vs 0.4%; hyperlipidemia, 5.3% vs 1.7%; ischemic heart disease, 1.5% vs 0.4%; obesity, 16.3% vs 7.4%) and mental health conditions (anxiety disorders, 27.9% vs 6.5%; depressive disorders, 32.1% vs 7.5%; posttraumatic stress disorder, 9.5% vs 1.2%) than people without IDD. The probability of postpartum anxiety (adjusted hazard ratio [AHR], 3.2 [95% CI, 2.9-3.4]) and postpartum depression (AHR, 2.4 [95% CI, 2.3-2.6]) was significantly higher among autistic people compared with people with ID only and people without IDD. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE In this retrospective cohort study, people with IDD had a younger mean age at first delivery, had lower prevalence of live births, and had poor obstetric, mental health, and medical outcomes compared with people without IDD, pointing toward a need for clinician training and timely delivery of maternal health care. Results highlight needed reproductive health education, increasing clinician knowledge, and expanding Medicaid to ensure access to care for people with IDD. © 2024 Shea L et al.
A comparison of obstetric and neonatal outcomes in polycystic ovary syndrome and congenital adrenal hyperplasia: a retrospective analysis of a population database; Objective: To investigate potential differences in pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes between 2 hyperandrogenic conditions in reproductive-aged women: polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH). Design: Retrospective population-based study with data from the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample Database from 2004–2014. Setting: Not applicable. Patient(s): A total of 14,881 women with PCOS and 298 women with CAH. Intervention(s): Not applicable. Main Outcome Measure(s): Gestational diabetes mellitus, placenta previa, pregnancy-induced hypertension (HTN), gestational HTN, preeclampsia, eclampsia, preeclampsia and eclampsia superimposed on HTN, preterm birth, preterm premature rupture of membrane, abruptio placenta, chorioamnionitis, mode of delivery, maternal infection, hysterectomy, blood transfusion, venous thromboembolism (deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism during pregnancy, intrapartum, or postpartum), maternal death, chorioamnionitis, septicemia during labor, postpartum endometritis, septic pelvic, peritonitis, small for gestational age, congenital anomalies, and intrauterine fetal demise. Result(s): After adjusting for potential confounders, we found that women with PCOS were at increased risk of developing pregnancy-induced HTN (adjusted odds ratio [OR] = 1.76; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.12–2.77) and gestational diabetes (adjusted OR = 1.68; 95% CI: 1.12–2.52) when compared with women with CAH. Contrary women with CAH were at increased risk for delivery via cesarean section (adjusted OR = 0.59; 95% CI: 0.44–0.80) and small for gestational age neonates (adjusted OR = 0.32; 95% CI: 0.20–0.52). Conclusion(s): To our knowledge, this study is the first to directly compare obstetric and neonatal outcomes between patients with PCOS and CAH. Despite the similar phenotypes and some common hormonal and biochemical profiles, such as insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, and hyperandrogenism, our results suggest the existence of additional metabolic pathways implicated in the pathogenesis of pregnancy complications. © 2024 The Author(s)
Pregnancy Recommendations Solely Based on Preclinical Evidence Should Be Integrated with Real-World Evidence: A Disproportionality Analysis of Certolizumab and Other TNF-Alpha Inhibitors Used in Pregnant Patients with Psoriasis; Treatment for pregnant women with psoriasis is limited by the lack of information typically related to clinical trials. While anti-tumor necrosis factor (TNF) drugs offer therapeutic benefits, their safety during pregnancy is a concern. Notably, certolizumab is comparatively safer than adalimumab, etanercept, infliximab, and golimumab according to the current recommendations. Thus, this study aimed to conduct a pharmacovigilance comparative analysis of maternal and neonatal outcomes associated with certolizumab versus other anti-TNF drugs by using data from EudraVigilance. A descriptive analysis was performed of Individual Case Safety Reports (ICSRs) associated with an anti-TNF drug and related to the pregnant patients with psoriasis from 2009 and 2023, focusing our analysis on the specific pregnancy outcomes and fetal/neonatal disorders. The most common pregnancy-related adverse event was spontaneous abortion, predominantly related to adalimumab and certolizumab. Certolizumab was also reported in cases of caesarean section, gestational diabetes, abortion, fetal death, fetal distress syndrome, pre-eclampsia, and premature separation of placenta. Generally, the findings from our study depicted a safety profile that overlapped for each anti-TNF drug, both in maternal/neonatal outcomes and other adverse events, suggesting no substantial differences between treatments. We advocate for further investigations before making concrete recommendations. © 2024 by the authors.
Ketogenic diet-induced bile acids protect against obesity through reduced calorie absorption; The low-carbohydrate ketogenic diet (KD) has long been practiced for weight loss, but the underlying mechanisms remain elusive. Gut microbiota and metabolites have been suggested to mediate the metabolic changes caused by KD consumption, although the particular gut microbes or metabolites involved are unclear. Here, we show that KD consumption enhances serum levels of taurodeoxycholic acid (TDCA) and tauroursodeoxycholic acid (TUDCA) in mice to decrease body weight and fasting glucose levels. Mechanistically, KD feeding decreases the abundance of a bile salt hydrolase (BSH)-coding gut bacterium, Lactobacillus murinus ASF361. The reduction of L. murinus ASF361 or inhibition of BSH activity increases the circulating levels of TDCA and TUDCA, thereby reducing energy absorption by inhibiting intestinal carbonic anhydrase 1 expression, which leads to weight loss. TDCA and TUDCA treatments have been found to protect against obesity and its complications in multiple mouse models. Additionally, the associations among the abovementioned bile acids, microbial BSH and metabolic traits were consistently observed both in an observational study of healthy human participants (n = 416) and in a low-carbohydrate KD interventional study of participants who were either overweight or with obesity (n = 25). In summary, we uncover a unique host–gut microbiota metabolic interaction mechanism for KD consumption to decrease body weight and fasting glucose levels. Our findings support TDCA and TUDCA as two promising drug candidates for obesity and its complications in addition to a KD. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited 2024.
Treatment modification patterns of glucose-lowering agents in Saudi Arabia: A retrospective real-world data analysis; Aim: The growing number of antidiabetics has broadened therapeutic options, leading to heterogeneity in prescribing patterns. Studies identifying antidiabetics modification patterns are lacking in Saudi Arabia. Therefore, the aim of this study is to describe modification patterns in Saudi patients. Methods: Patients ≥ 18 years old with at least one antidiabetic between 2016 and 2022 were included. Follow-up started from the earliest to the last prescription. Two modification types were evaluated: “add-on,” prescribing new antidiabetics within a treatment episode, and “switching”, starting a new treatment episode after the preceding ends. Descriptive statistics were used to characterize patients and estimate events proportions. Results: Of 122,291 patients, 47.2 % had treatment interruption or modification, totaling 303,781 events. Interruptions accounted for 54 %, add-on for 11 %, and switching for 35 %. The median time to first event was 159 days. The most add-on included dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor (DPP-4) inhibitors to biguanide and sulfonylurea (8 %), and sulfonylurea to biguanide (8 %). Among 106,405 switching events, 23 % shifted from dual to monotherapy and 17 % from monotherapy to dual therapy. Conclusion: Nearly half of patients experienced modifications or interruptions, with notable shifts between monotherapies and dual therapies. These findings highlight the evolving landscape of treatment patterns in Saudi Arabia and guide future research and decision-making. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.
Effect of prior gestational diabetes on the risk of cardiovascular disease and death in women with type 2 diabetes: The Fremantle Diabetes Study Phase II; Background: To examine whether prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with prevalent coronary heart disease (CHD), cerebrovascular disease (CeVD) and peripheral arterial disease (PAD), and all-cause mortality, in community-based women with type 2 diabetes. Methods: Baseline prevalences of CHD/CeVD/PAD/prior GDM were determined in 718 females (mean ± SD age 65.5 ± 11.9 years) from the Fremantle Diabetes Study Phase II. Deaths between baseline (2008–2011) and end-2016 were ascertained. Cox regression identified predictors of mortality with GDM as a candidate variable. Results: Compared to the 673 women without GDM, the 39 (5.4 %) with prior GDM were younger, more likely Aboriginal, smokers and obese, had longer diabetes duration and higher HbA1c levels, and were more dyslipidemic (P ≤ 0.046). Prevalences of CHD (24.6 versus 23.1 %), CeVD (7.5 % versus 2.6 %) and PAD (27.5 % versus 23.7 %) were not significantly different in those without versus with prior GDM (P ≥ 0.35). There were 116 deaths (16.2 %) during 6.8 ± 1.6 years of follow-up. Age, Aboriginal ethnicity, marital status, current smoking, heart rate, estimated glomerular filtration rate, CHD and PAD were independently associated with all-cause mortality (P ≤ 0.023); GDM status did not add to the most parsimonious model (P = 0.62). Conclusions: Prior GDM does not increase CVD risk or all-cause mortality in women with type 2 diabetes. © 2024 The Authors
Incidence of diabetes after SARS-CoV-2 infection in England and the implications of COVID-19 vaccination: a retrospective cohort study of 16 million people; Background: Some studies have shown that the incidence of type 2 diabetes increases after a diagnosis of COVID-19, although the evidence is not conclusive. However, the effects of the COVID-19 vaccine on this association, or the effect on other diabetes subtypes, are not clear. We aimed to investigate the association between COVID-19 and incidence of type 2, type 1, gestational and non-specific diabetes, and the effect of COVID- 19 vaccination, up to 52 weeks after diagnosis. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study, we investigated the diagnoses of incident diabetes following COVID-19 diagnosis in England in a pre-vaccination, vaccinated, and unvaccinated cohort using linked electronic health records. People alive and aged between 18 years and 110 years, registered with a general practitioner for at least 6 months before baseline, and with available data for sex, region, and area deprivation were included. Those with a previous COVID-19 diagnosis were excluded. We estimated adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) comparing diabetes incidence after COVID-19 diagnosis with diabetes incidence before or in the absence of COVID-19 up to 102 weeks after diagnosis. Results were stratified by COVID-19 severity (categorised as hospitalised or non-hospitalised) and diabetes type. Findings: 16 669 943 people were included in the pre-vaccination cohort (Jan 1, 2020–Dec 14, 2021), 12 279 669 in the vaccinated cohort, and 3 076 953 in the unvaccinated cohort (both June 1–Dec 14, 2021). In the pre-vaccination cohort, aHRs for the incidence of type 2 diabetes after COVID-19 (compared with before or in the absence of diagnosis) declined from 4·30 (95% CI 4·06–4·55) in weeks 1–4 to 1·24 (1·14–1.35) in weeks 53–102. aHRs were higher in unvaccinated people (8·76 [7·49–10·25]) than in vaccinated people (1·66 [1·50–1·84]) in weeks 1–4 and in patients hospitalised with COVID-19 (pre-vaccination cohort 28·3 [26·2–30·5]) in weeks 1–4 declining to 2·04 [1·72–2·42] in weeks 53–102) than in those who were not hospitalised (1·95 [1·78–2·13] in weeks 1–4 declining to 1·11 [1·01–1·22] in weeks 53–102). Type 2 diabetes persisted for 4 months after COVID-19 in around 60% of those diagnosed. Patterns were similar for type 1 diabetes, although excess incidence did not persist beyond 1 year after a COVID-19 diagnosis. Interpretation: Elevated incidence of type 2 diabetes after COVID-19 is greater, and persists for longer, in people who were hospitalised with COVID-19 than in those who were not, and is markedly less apparent in people who have been vaccinated against COVID-19. Testing for type 2 diabetes after severe COVID-19 and the promotion of vaccination are important tools in addressing this public health problem. Funding: UK National Institute for Health and Care Research, UK Research and Innovation (UKRI) Medical Research Council, UKRI Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council, Health Data Research UK, Diabetes UK, British Heart Foundation, and the Stroke Association. © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an Open Access article under the CC BY 4.0 license
Fertility and pregnancy outcomes in women with Turner syndrome: A single centre experience; Objective: Many women with Turner syndrome (TS) will consider fertility options and pregnancy. We wished to examine the fertility and pregnancy outcomes in women with TS undergoing oocyte donation (OD) treatment or spontaneous pregnancy in a large single-centre cohort. General population reference data or data from those with idiopathic premature ovarian insufficiency were used as comparators. Design: A retrospective single-centre cross-sectional study. Patients and Measurements: Seventy-four women with TS underwent OD treatment with a total of 105 pregnancies, and 31 women with TS had 71 spontaneous conceptions. Fertility outcomes included clinical pregnancy and live birth rate. Pregnancy outcomes included miscarriage rate, prevalence of hypertension, gestational diabetes, lower segment caesarean section (LSCS), small for gestational age (SGA), prematurity and vertical transmission of TS. Results: In those with TS, OD pregnancies were associated with increased rates of LSCS and SGA compared to spontaneous pregnancies; LSCS (OR: 4.19, 95% CI: 1.6−10.8, p =.003) and SGA (OR: 2.92, 95% CI: 1.02−8.38, p =.04). There were no recorded cardiac events but 5 (17.2%) cases of vertical transmissions of TS in daughters were identified. OD in those with TS was associated with a lower live birth rate per cycle started (OR: 0.53, 95% CI: 0.34−0.84, p =.008) and a higher rate of miscarriage compared to women with POI (40% vs. 26.2%, p =.04). Conclusions: We show that pregnancy in women with TS, whether OD or spontaneously conceived, carries obstetric risks, and therefore, women with TS, considering pregnancy, should receive comprehensive pre-pregnancy counselling and optimal obstetric care. © 2024 The Author(s). Clinical Endocrinology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Effect of amoxicillin-clavulanate potassium and potential factors influencing umbilical cord separation time in preterm infants; Purpose: To investigate the effect of amoxicillin-clavulanate potassium and potential factors influencing umbilical cord separation time in preterm infants. Methods: A total of 151 preterm infants admitted to the Neonatology Department, First Affiliated Hospital of Anhui Medical University, Hefei, China, from November 2020 to June 2021 were selected. Preterm infants were randomly divided into control and study groups. Control group received 2 % povidone-iodine and 75 % ethanol application, followed by gentle pressure with a cotton swab while the study group received amoxicillin-clavulanate potassium applied to the umbilical cord while shaking. The management interventions were stopped after umbilical cord separation in preterm infants, and the difference in umbilical cord separation time between the two groups was compared. Factors associated with preterm birth conditions, hospitalization, and maternal health were identified by univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses. Results: The number of cases with umbilical cord separation time > 14 days was significantly higher in the study group compared to control group (p < 0.05). The average umbilical cord separation time in the study group was significantly lower compared to control group (p < 0.05). Univariate analysis revealed that incubator residence time significantly affects umbilical cord separation time in preterm infants (p < 0.05). Logistic multivariate regression analysis identified incubator residence time as the main factor influencing umbilical cord separation time in preterm infants. Conclusion: The use of amoxicillin-clavulanate potassium shortens umbilical cord separation time, and incubator residence time is the major factor influencing umbilical cord separation in preterm infants. Further studies should expand the study scale and increase the number of samples used. © 2024 The authors.
Decreased postpartum exercise capacity after a diagnosis of pre-eclampsia: Implications for CVD risk prediction; Background: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with increased long-term risk for cardiometabolic risk factors (chronic hypertension [HTN], obesity, diabetes) and heart failure. Exercise capacity is a known predictor of heart failure in patients with normal resting cardiac filling pressures. In this prospective observational cohort study, we sought to identify predictors of reduced postpartum exercise capacity in participants with normotensive vs preeclamptic pregnancies. Methods: Preeclampsia (PreE) and normotensive subjects were enrolled to undergo bedside echocardiography within 48 hours of delivery, and rest/exercise echocardiography 12 weeks postpartum. Results: Recruited subjects (n = 68) were grouped according to their blood pressure as: a) normotensive pregnancy n = 15; b) PreE with normotensive postpartum (PreE-Resolved, n = 36); c) PreE with persistent postpartum HTN (PreE-HTN, n = 17). At enrollment, a significantly higher percentage of subjects in the PreE-HTN group were Black. Compared to normotensive and PreE-Resolved subjects, those with PreE-HTN demonstrated higher resting systolic blood pressure (SBP, 112 [normotensive] vs 112 [PreE-Resolved] vs 134 [PreE-HTN], P < .001) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP, 70.0 vs 72.5 vs 85.0, P < .001), and significantly less postpartum weight loss (9.6% vs 13.6% vs 3.8%, P < .001). Following Bruce protocol stress testing, PreE-HTN subjects demonstrated achieved significantly lower exercise duration (10.4 vs 10.2 vs 7.9 minutes, P = .001). Subjects with PreE-HTN also demonstrated evidence of exercise-induced diastolic dysfunction as assessed by peak exercise lateral e’ (18.0 vs 18.0 vs 13.5, P = .045) and peak exercise tricuspid regurgitation velocity (TR Vm, 2.4 vs 3.0 vs 3.1, P = 0.045). Exercise duration was negatively associated with gravidity (R = −0.27, P = .029) and postpartum LV mass index (R = −0.45, P < .001), resting average E/e’ (R = −0.51, P < .001), BMI (R = −0.6, P < .001) and resting SBP (R = −0.51, P < .001). Conclusions: Postpartum exercise stress testing capacity is related to readily available clinical markers including pregnancy factors, echocardiographic parameters and unresolved cardiometabolic risk factors. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.
Interrupted aortic arch: from a singular forensic case to clinical and diagnostic cue; Background. Abnormalities of aortic arch include variables related to structure, location, anatomical relationships and collateral vessels. This group includes the malformation known as “interrupted aortic arch”. During fetal life, oxygenated blood is provided by materno-fetal circulation and own fetal circulation. Case report. This work discuss of female fetus born without any vital signs at 38th week by 34-years-old primigravida affected by gestational diabetes and anemia gravidarum. Pregnancy was regular. Labor and cardiotocographic tracings were regular, natural delivery; however, at the time of umbilical cord severing the baby went into cardiocirculatory arrest. Autopsy findings were: - hypertrophied right ventricle; - no morphological changes in interventricular septum, - ascending aorta physiologically arose from the left ventricle; after the emergence of the left subclavian artery and the anonymous trunk, it suddenly stopped at cul de sac. Thoracic tract arose as a collateral branch of the pulmonary artery. In addition, Botallo duct was patent. Thus, the diagnosis of death was interruption of aortic arch resulting in cardiogenic shock and irreversible cardiovascular collapse. Conclusion. In filed case, newborn presented “type B” interruption. Interruption manifests itself between left common carotid artery and the left subclavian artery. Descending aorta arose from the pulmonary trunk. So that, in this case, right ventricle provided systemic circulation. At delivery, with the severing of the umbilical cord and physiological closure of the Botallo ductus, acute right heart failure and shock occurred. This work aims to be a cue for scientific community, in order to assist clinical and diagnostic knowledge using autopsy data with ex-post perspective. Copyright © Società Editrice Universo (SEU) ISSN 1972-6007.
Pregnancy Among Women Receiving Chronic Dialysis in France (2006–2020); Introduction: In women receiving chronic dialysis, fertility is impaired. The objectives of this study were to estimate the incidence rate of pregnancies among women of childbearing age (15–50 years) receiving chronic dialysis from 2006 to 2020 in France, to describe the pregnancy outcomes and renal management during pregnancy. Methods: This national observational, retrospective study was based on data from the French REIN registry matched with the National Health Data System. Results: Over the period 2006 to 2020 in France, 348 pregnancies were identified in 240 women receiving chronic dialysis. The overall incidence of pregnancy was 11.1, 95% confidence interval (CI) (9.9–12.3) cases per 1000 person-years. Hemodialysis was the predominant modality during pregnancy. Main maternal complications were preeclampsia (n = 19) and gestational diabetes (n = 11). The most obstetric complications were premature rupture of membranes (n = 14) and polyhydramnios (n = 5). These pregnancies resulted in 174 (50%) abortions (<22 weeks), including 104 elective abortions (29.9%), 44 miscarriages (12.6%), 17 therapeutic abortions (4.9%), 5 ectopic pregnancies (1.4%), and 4 hydatidiform moles (1.2%). The remaining 174 (50%) pregnancies with deliveries (≥22 weeks) resulted in 166 live births (70 full-term [42.2%], 96 preterm births [57.8%]), and 8 stillbirths. Median gestational age was 36 weeks (32–38) for 174 deliveries. Conclusion: There have been improvements in maternal and fetal outcomes regarding pregnancy on chronic dialysis. However, our study shows a significant proportion of elective abortions. Better fertility management of women receiving chronic dialysis is advised by contraception or by pregnancy planning and early multidisciplinary follow-up. © 2024 International Society of Nephrology
Idiopathic intracranial hypertension and obstetric and neonatal outcomes: A 1:20 matched study from a population database; Objective: Idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH), also known as pseudotumor cerebri, is a common pathology in reproductive-aged women, although data regarding pregnancy outcomes are scarce. In the present study, we aimed to compare pregnancy and perinatal outcomes between women who suffered from IIH to those who did not. Methods: A retrospective cohort study using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project, Nationwide Inpatient Sample. All pregnant women who delivered or had a maternal death in the US (2004–2014) were included. Women with an ICD-9 diagnosis of IIH before or during pregnancy were matched to controls without IIH according to age, race, insurance type, and income quartile, in a 1:20 ratio. Pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes were compared between the two groups. Results: Overall, 9 096 788 deliveries were identified. Of these, 1454 women (0.016%) had a diagnosis of IIH (study group) and were compared to 29 080 women without IIH (control group). Women with IIH, compared to those without, were more likely to be obese (body mass index >30 kg/m2) and suffer from pregestational diabetes mellitus and chronic hypertension (P < 0.001, all). After adjusting for confounders, patients in the IIH group, compared to those without, had a higher rate of pregnancy-induced hypertension (aOR 1.82, 95% CI: 1.57–2.1, P < 0.001), pre-eclampsia (aOR 1.98, 95% CI: 1.61–2.45, P < 0.001), preterm delivery (aOR 1.88, 95% CI: 1.59–2.23, P < 0.001), CD (aOR 2.41, 95% CI: 2.12–2.73, P < 0.001), wound complications (aOR 3.2, 95% CI: 1.89–5.42, P < 0.001), and congenital anomalies (aOR 2.18, 95% CI: 1.4–3.4, P < 0.001). Conclusion: Women with IIH had a higher incidence of obstetrical complications, including preterm deliveries, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and congenital anomalies. © 2024 The Authors. International Journal of Gynecology & Obstetrics published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.
Safety of Monoclonal Antibodies Inhibiting PCSK9 in Pregnancy: Disproportionality Analysis in VigiBase®; Safety data on the use of monoclonal antibodies inhibiting proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 in pregnancy are scarce. This study queried VigiBase®, the World Health Organization global pharmacovigilance database, to search for signals of disproportionate reporting for pregnancy outcomes with alirocumab and evolocumab. As of November 22, 2023, there were 45 safety reports of exposure to evolocumab (N = 31) and alirocumab (N = 14) in pregnancy. Most of them originated from Europe (N = 25, 55.6%) and were more frequently reported by healthcare professionals (N = 35, 77.8%). Median patient age was 37 years (25th–75th percentiles; 32–41 years). Drug exposure occurred during pregnancy in 36 (80.0%) safety reports, via paternal exposure during pregnancy in four (8.9%), during lactation in three (6.7%), and in two safety reports the time of drug exposure remained unknown. Twenty safety reports (57.8%) merely reported drug exposure, while 19 (42.2%) also reported pregnancy outcomes, however, without specific maternal toxicities or patterns of birth defects. Spontaneous abortion was reported in eight safety reports without representing a signal of disproportionate reporting compared with either the full database (reporting odds ratio, ROR, 0.06 95% confidence interval, CI 0.03–0.12) or statins (ROR 0.16, 95% CI 0.08–0.32). In conclusion, this study showed that, currently, there are no signals of increased reporting of spontaneous abortion with alirocumab and evolocumab compared with the full database and statins in VigiBase®. Notwithstanding, lack of disproportionality is not synonymous with safety and, as disproportionality analyses depend on the number of safety reports that progressively accumulate in VigiBase®, they should be repeated at regular intervals to confirm the results of the present study. © 2024 The Authors. Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics © 2024 American Society for Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics.
Early onset type 2 diabetes mellitus: an update; The incidence and prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in young individuals (aged <40 years) have significantly increased in recent years, approximating two to threefold increase in the respective rates. Numerous risk factors including severe obesity, family history, ethnicity, maternal diabetes or gestational diabetes, and female sex contribute to a younger age of onset. In terms of pathogenesis, impaired insulin secretion is the key operating mechanism, alongside with ectopic adiposity-related insulin resistance. T2DM diagnosis in a young adult requires the exclusion of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), latent autoimmune diabetes of adults (LADA) and maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY). The establishment of such diagnosis is critical for prognosis, because early-onset T2DM is associated with rapid deterioration in pancreatic β-cell secretory function leading to earlier initiation of insulin therapy. Furthermore, mortality and lifetime risk of developing complications, especially microvascular, is increased in these patients compared to both later-onset T2DM and T1DM patients; also, the latter are often developed earlier in the course of disease. The management of early-onset T2DM follows the same guidelines as in later-onset T2DM; yet patients aged 18–39 years are underrepresented in the big clinical trials on which the development of guidelines is based. Finally, young people with T2DM face significant challenges associated with social determinants, which compromise their adherence to therapy and induce diabetes distress. Future research focusing on the pathogenesis of β-cell decline and complications, as well as on specific treatment shall lead to better understanding and management of early-onset T2DM. © The Author(s) 2024.
Improving the management of type 2 diabetes in China using a multifaceted digital health intervention in primary health care: the SMARTDiabetes cluster randomised controlled trial; Background: There is limited evidence, mainly from high-income countries, that digital health interventions improve type 2 diabetes (T2DM) care. Large-scale implementation studies are lacking. Methods: A multifaceted digital health intervention comprising: (1) a self-management application (‘app’) for patients and lay ‘family health promotors’ (FHPs); and (2) clinical decision support for primary care doctors was evaluated in an open-label, parallel, cluster randomized controlled trial in 80 communities (serviced by a primary care facility for >1000 residents) in Hebei Province, China. People >40 years with T2DM and a glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) ≥7% were recruited (∼25/community). After baseline assessment, community clusters were randomly assigned to intervention or control groups (1:1) via a web-based system, stratified by locality (rural/urban). Control arm clusters received usual care without access to the digital health application or family health promoters. The primary outcome was at the participant level defined as the proportion with ≥2 “ABC” risk factor targets achieved (HbA1c < 7.0%, blood pressure < 140/80 mmHg and LDL-cholesterol < 2.6 mmol/L) at 24 months. Findings: A total of 2072 people were recruited from the 80 community clusters (40 urban and 40 rural), with 1872 (90.3%) assessed at 24 months. In the intervention arm, patients used FHPs for support more in rural than urban communities (252 (48.6%) rural vs 92 (21.5%) urban, p < 0.0001). The mean monthly proportion of active app users was 46.4% (SD 7.8%) with no significant difference between urban and rural usage rates. The intervention was associated with improved ABC control rates (339 [35.9%] intervention vs 276 [29.9%] usual care; RR 1.20, 95% CI 1.02–1.40; p = 0.025), with significant heterogeneity by geography (rural 220 [42.6%] vs 158 [31.0%]; urban 119 [27.9%] vs 118 [28.6%]; p = 0.022 for interaction). Risk factor reductions were mainly driven by improved glycaemic control (mean HbA1C difference −0.33%, 95% CI −0.48 to −0.17; p = 0.00025 and mean fasting plasma glucose difference −0.58 mmol, 95% CI −0.89 to −0.27; p = 0.00013). There were no changes in blood pressure and LDL-cholesterol levels. Interpretation: A multifaceted digital health intervention improved T2DM risk factor control rates, particularly in rural communities where there may be stronger relationships between patients and doctors and greater family member support. Funding: National Health and Medical Research Council Global Alliance for Chronic Diseases (ID 1094712). © 2024 The Author(s)
Antioxidant Activity and Cardioprotective Potential of a Nanoemulsion Mix of Rosmarinus officinalis and Centella asiatica in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Zebrafish Larvae Model; Hyperglycemia affects approximately 16.7% of pregnancies worldwide, with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) accounting for nearly 84% of these cases. GDM, characterized by glucose intolerance during pregnancy, presents significant health risks. Rosmarinus officinalis (RO) and Centella asiatica (CA) are known for their antidiabetic and antioxidant properties, including the ability to enhance insulin secretion and inhibit phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK) expression in the gluconeogenesis pathway. This study aims to assess the impact of a nanoemulsion of RO and CA combination (RO-CA) on heart rate, superoxide dismutase (SOD), nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2a (Nrf2a), sirtuin 1 (SIRT-1), and tyrosine hydroxylase (TH) expression in zebrafish larvae model of GDM. GDM was induced by exposure of zebrafish embryo to a 3% glucose solution in an embryonic medium. The GDM phenotype was confirmed by elevated PEPCK expression as a hyperglycemia marker. GDM zebrafish was administered RO-CA nanoemulsion at concentrations of 2.5, 5, and 10 µg/mL.from 2 hpf to 72 hpf. Heart rate was monitored using stereoscopic imaging connected to a camera, while expression levels of PEPCK, Nrf2a, SOD, SIRT-1, and TH were quantified using reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). Results revealed a significant decrease in PEPCK expression in the treatment groups compared to the glucose untreated group. Notably, the nanoemulsion maintained heart rate frequency and upregulated Nrf2a, SOD, SIRT-1, and TH expression, particularly at a concentration of 2.5 µg/mL. Overall, these findings suggest that the RO-CA nanoemulsion exhibits enhanced antioxidant activity and holds promise as a potential cardioprotective agent in GDM. © 2024 Khotimah et al.
Global lessons on delivery of primary healthcare services for people with non-communicable diseases: Convergent mixed methods; Objective To extract key lessons on primary healthcare (PHC) service delivery strategies for non-communicable diseases (NCD) from the work of researchers funded by the Global Alliance for Chronic Diseases (GACD). Design A convergent mixed methods study that extracted data using a standardised template from research projects funded by the GACD that focused on PHC. The strategies implemented in these studies were mapped onto the PHC Performance Initiative framework. Semistructured qualitative interviews were conducted with researchers from purposefully selected projects to understand the strategies and contextual factors in more depth. Setting PHC contexts from low or middle-income countries (LMIC) as well as vulnerable groups within high-income countries. Projects came from all regions of the world, particularly East Asia and Pacific, sub-Saharan Africa, South Asia, Latin America and Caribbean. Participants The study extracted data on 84 research projects and interviewed researchers from 16 research projects. Results Research projects came from all regions of the world, and mainly focused on diabetes (35.3%), hypertension (28.3%) and mental health (27.6%). Mapped onto the PHC Performance Initiative framework: 49.4% focused on high-quality PHC (particularly the comprehensiveness of NCD care, 41.2%); 41.2% on the availability of PHC services (particularly the competence of healthcare workers, 36.5%); 35.3% on population health management (particularly community-based services, 35.3%); 34.1% on facility organisation and management (particularly team-based care, 20.0%) and 31.8% on access (particularly digital technology, 23.5%). Most common strategies were task shifting and training to improve the comprehensiveness of NCD care through community-based services. Contextual factors related to inputs: infrastructure, equipment and medication, workforce (particularly community health workers), finances, health information systems and digital technology. Conclusion Key strategies and contextual factors to improve PHC service delivery for NCDs in LMICs were identified. These strategies should combine with other strategies to strengthen the PHC system as a whole, while improving care for NCDs.  © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2024.
Association of DNA Methylation with Infant Birth Weight in Women with Gestational Diabetes; Offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) exhibit greater adiposity at birth. This early-life phenotype may increase offspring risk of developing obesity, metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease later in life. Infants born to women with GDM have a dysregulation of several hormones, cytokines, and growth factors related to fetal fat mass growth. One of the molecular mechanisms of GDM influencing these factors is epigenetic alterations, such as DNA methylation (DNAm). This review will examine the role of DNAm as a potential biomarker for monitoring fetal growth during pregnancy in women with GDM. This information is relevant since it may provide useful new biomarkers for the diagnosis, prognosis, and treatment of fetal growth and its later-life health consequences. © 2024 by the authors.
Maternal and perinatal infectious morbidity in term prelabor rupture of membrane according to two induction of labor protocols; Purpose: The optimal labor-induction protocol in women with prelabor rupture of membranes (PROM) is unknown. Whether the management of women with a previous cesarean delivery (CD) with PROM is different remains controversial. We investigated maternal and perinatal outcomes according to two induction protocols of 24 h vs. 12 h. Methods: In July 2021, our protocol of induction of labor in term-PROM was extended from 12 h to 24 h post-PROM. We compared obstetrical and neonatal outcomes before and after the change. A subgroup analysis of women with previous CD was performed. Results were compared using a univariate analysis. A multivariable model was described to predict neonatal intensive care unit admission (NICU) and clinical chorioamnionitis. Results: The 24 h and 12 h ROM-to-induction protocol groups included 962 and 802 women, respectively. In the 24 h group, a higher proportion of women labored spontaneously (p < 0.001), the rate of chorioamnionitis was higher (p = 0.017), and the CD rate was similar. Admission to the NICU (p = 0.012), antibiotic administration (p = 0.003), and respiratory distress (p = 0.002) were also greater in the 24 h induction group. Among women with a history of CD (n = 143), the need for oxytocin (p = 0.003) and delivery by CD (p = 0.016) were lower in the 24 vs. 12 h group. Conclusion: Our results advocate shared decision-making in the expectant management of term-PROM. Women should be informed of the lower chance for induction and the higher risk of infections and neonatal complications with a 24-h induction approach. Longer expectant management in women with a previous CD resulted in significantly lower induction and CD rates. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.
Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and human health outcomes: An umbrella review of systematic reviews with meta-analyses of observational studies; Background: Although evidence on the association between per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs) and human health outcomes has grown exponentially, specific health outcomes and their potential associations with PFASs have not been conclusively evaluated. Methods: We conducted a comprehensive search through the databases of PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science from inception to February 29, 2024, to identify systematic reviews with meta-analyses of observational studies examining the associations between the PFASs and multiple health outcomes. The quality of included studies was evaluated using the A Measurement Tool to Assess Systematic Reviews (AMSTAR) tool, and credibility of evidence was assessed using the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluations (GRADE) criteria. The protocol of this umbrella review (UR) had been registered in PROSPERO (CRD 42023480817). Results: The UR identified 157 meta-analyses from 29 articles. Using the AMSTAR measurement tool, all articles were categorized as of moderate-to-high quality. Based on the GRADE assessment, significant associations between specific types of PFASs and low birth weight, tetanus vaccine response, and triglyceride levels showed high certainty of evidence. Moreover, moderate certainty of evidence with statistical significance was observed between PFASs and health outcomes including lower BMI z-score in infancy, poor sperm progressive motility, and decreased risk of preterm birth as well as preeclampsia. Fifty-two (33%) associations (e.g., PFASs and gestational hypertension, cardiovascular disease, etc) presented low certainty evidence. Additionally, eighty-five (55%) associations (e.g., PFASs with infertility, lipid metabolism, etc) presented very low certainty evidence. Conclusion: High certainty of evidence supported that certain PFASs were associated with the incidence of low birth weight, low efficiency of the tetanus vaccine, and low triglyceride levels. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.
Effects of Mindfulness-Based Interventions on Cardiometabolic-Related Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes: A Systematic Review; Background Growing evidence suggests maternal stress contributes to the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes that are associated with cardiovascular and cardiometabolic risk in birthing persons. Mindfulness-based interventions may positively affect psychological stress in pregnancy and, in turn, reduce stress. However, few study authors have examined the effects of mindfulness-based interventions on adverse pregnancy outcomes that heighten cardiovascular risk. Objective The aim of this study was to appraise available literature examining the effects of mindfulness-based interventions delivered during pregnancy on adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with future cardiovascular and cardiometabolic disease risk. Methods In this systematic review, multiple electronic databases were searched using major keywords, including "mindfulness-based intervention,""pregnancy,""preterm delivery,""gestational diabetes,""small for gestational age,""preeclampsia,"and "hypertension in pregnancy"during February 2023. Results Six studies using mindfulness-based interventions during pregnancy were included. The review indicated that these interventions were largely effective at reducing prenatal stress; however, the overall effects of interventions were mixed concerning their impact on pregnancy complications. Study authors examining the effects on gestational diabetes-related outcomes reported significant improvements in blood glucose levels, hemoglobin A1c, and oral glucose tolerance. Outcomes were mixed or inconclusive related to the effects of interventions on the incidence of preterm birth, birth of a small-for-gestational-age newborn, and preeclampsia. Conclusions Mitigating cardiovascular and cardiometabolic risk-associated adverse pregnancy outcomes through mindfulness-based approaches may represent an emerging field of study. The few studies and limited, mixed findings synthesized in this review indicate that high-validity studies are warranted to examine the effects of mindfulness-based interventions on pregnancy complications that contribute to cardiovascular-related maternal morbidity and suboptimal life course health for diverse birthing persons.  © Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Guideline No. 452: Diagnosis and Management of Intrahepatic Cholestasis of Pregnancy; Objective: To summarize the current evidence and to make recommendations for the diagnosis and management of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy. Target Population: Pregnant people with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy. Options: Diagnosing the condition using fasting or non-fasting bile acids, classifying disease severity, determining what treatment to offer, establishing how to monitor for antenatal fetal wellbeing, identifying when to perform elective birth. Benefits, Harms, and Costs: Individuals with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy are at increased risk of adverse perinatal outcomes including preterm birth, neonatal respiratory distress and admission to a neonatal intensive care unit, with an increased risk of stillbirth when bile acid levels are ≥100 μmol/L. There is inequity in bile acid testing availability and timely access to results, along with uncertainly of how to treat, monitor. and ultimately deliver these pregnancies. Optimization of diagnostic and management protocols can improve maternal and fetal postnatal outcomes. Evidence: Medline, PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library were searched from inception to March 2023, using medical subject headings (MeSH) and keywords related to pregnancy, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, bile acids, pruritis, ursodeoxycholic acid, and stillbirth. This document presents an abstraction of the evidence rather than a methodological review. Validation Methods: The authors rated the quality of evidence and strength of recommendations using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. See Appendix A (Tables A1 for definitions and A2 for interpretations). Intended Audience: Obstetric care providers, including obstetricians, family physicians, nurses, midwives, maternal–fetal medicine specialists, and radiologists. Social Media Abstract: Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy requires adequate diagnosis with non-fasting bile acid levels which guide optimal management and delivery timing. SUMMARY STATEMENTS: 1. Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy is a common pregnancy condition manifesting in the late-second or third trimesters (moderate). 2. The etiology of intrahepatic cholestasis is complex, involving a combination of hormonal factors, genetic susceptibility, and environmental influences (low). 3. Intrahepatic cholestasis remains a diagnosis of exclusion and is based on the presence of maternal pruritis, predominantly of the palms and soles, along with elevated non-fasting bile acids (>19 μmol/L) (moderate). 4. The perinatal sequelae of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy includes increased risks of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, neonatal respiratory distress, and neonatal intensive care unit admission (moderate). Patients with intrahepatic cholestasis and bile acids ≥100 μmol/L have a significantly increased risk of stillbirth compared with the general population (moderate). 5. The mainstay of symptomatic treatment of pruritis is with ursodeoxycholic acid (10–15 mg/kg/d), given daily in 2–3 divided doses, which may also reduce the risk of preterm birth, but not stillbirth (high). 6. Antenatal fetal monitoring has not been shown to improve perinatal outcomes (moderate). 7. Symptoms as well as intrahepatic cholestasis-associated biochemical abnormalities are expected to resolve within 1–2 weeks postpartum, although they may persist up to 4 weeks in some individuals (moderate). 8. Individuals who have been diagnosed with intrahepatic cholestasis are at increased risk of future cholecystitis, cholelithiasis, pancreatic disease, goiter, and hypothyroidism (low). 9. Recurrence of intrahepatic cholestasis in future pregnancies is around 70%–90% (low). 10. In patients with a history of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy choosing hormonal contraception, progestin-only options are associated with the lowest risk of non-pregnant cholestasis (moderate). RECOMMENDATIONS: 1. Clinicians should include intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy in the differential diagnosis of any pregnant person with pruritis, particularly of the palms of the hands or soles of feet, in the late-second or third trimester (strong, moderate). 2. Laboratory investigations for intrahepatic cholestasis should include non-fasting bile acids, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyl transferase, and bilirubin. Additional testing or imaging should be guided by clinical findings and differential diagnoses (strong, moderate). 3. Clinicians and health care authorities should advocate for universally available serum bile acid testing with timely access to results (strong, low). 4. Clinicians should adopt the contemporary definition of intrahepatic cholestasis as raised non-fasting bile acid levels >19 μmol/L (strong, moderate). 5. Repeat testing of non-fasting laboratory investigations should be performed every 2–4 weeks to monitor disease progression and ascertain the highest recorded bile acid level (strong, low). 6. Atypical presentations of intrahepatic cholestasis should be referred for specialist consultation by a maternal–fetal medicine or internal medicine physician (strong, low). 7. Clinicians should counsel patients diagnosed with intrahepatic cholestasis regarding increased risks of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, neonatal respiratory distress, and neonatal intensive care unit admission. Furthermore, there is a significant increase in the risk of stillbirth if bile acid levels are ≥100 μmol/L, and some evidence demonstrating a modest increase in stillbirth risk with bile acid levels >40 μmol/L from 38 weeks gestation onward (strong, low). 8. While topical emollients and antihistamines may be prescribed, clinicians should offer treatment of pruritis in cholestasis of pregnancy with ursodeoxycholic acid (strong, moderate). 9. The following therapies for intrahepatic cholestasis have been shown to be ineffective and should not be prescribed by clinicians to treat the condition: dexamethasone, cholestyramine, phenobarbital, S-adenosylmethionine, activated charcoal, and epomediol (strong, moderate). 10. All pregnant individuals should be advised to monitor fetal movements as the mainstay of fetal wellbeing surveillance in intrahepatic cholestasis and to seek timely care if indicated (strong, moderate). 11. While additional fetal monitoring is not mandated in intrahepatic cholestasis, local units may offer monitoring after discussion and shared decision-making (conditional, low); in patients with bile acid levels between 40ؘ–99 μmol/L monitoring can include obstetric ultrasound for biophysical profile or electronic fetal heart rate monitoring every 1–2 weeks, and in patients with bile acid levels ≥100 μmol/L monitoring can include obstetric ultrasound for biophysical profile or electronic fetal heart rate monitoring weekly or twice weekly. 12. Based on expert opinion, clinicians should counsel their patients regarding optimal delivery timing based on the highest recorded non-fasting bile acid level: 20–39 μmol/L at 390–396 weeks gestation (conditional, low); 40–69 μmol/L at 380–386 weeks gestation (conditional, low); 70–99 μmol/L at 360–376 weeks gestation (conditional, moderate); and ≥100 μmol/L by 36 weeks gestation (strong, high) or earlier in patients with comorbidities or other risks factors (i.e., multiple pregnancy, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, previous stillbirth secondary to intrahepatic cholestasis and/or severe persistent maternal pruritus). 13. Patients with intrahepatic cholestasis should be offered continuous electronic fetal heart rate monitoring in labour (conditional, low). 14. Clinicians should confirm resolution of pruritis in intrahepatic cholestasis at the 6-week postpartum visit and repeat bile acid and liver transaminase testing in those where symptoms persist (conditional, low). 15. Clinicians should pursue further workup or specialist consultation for patients with persistent intrahepatic cholestasis symptoms or biochemical abnormalities beyond the postpartum period (conditional, low). 16. Clinicians should inform patients affected by intrahepatic cholestasis that they and their family members are at a higher risk of intrahepatic cholestasis in future pregnancies (conditional, low). © 2024
Associations Between Sedentary Time, Physical Activity, and Cardiovascular Health in 6-Year-Old Children Born to Mothers With Increased Cardiometabolic Risk; Purpose: To assess associations between sedentary time (ST), physical activity (PA), and cardiovascular health in early childhood. Method: Cross-sectional study including 160 children (age 6.1 y [SD 0.5], 86 boys, 93 maternal body mass index ≥ 30 kg/m2, and 73 gestational diabetes) assessed for pulse wave velocity, echocardiography, ultra-high frequency 48–70 MHz vascular ultrasound, and accelerometery. Results: Boys had 385 (SD 53) minutes per day ST, 305 (SD 44) minutes per day light PA, and 81 (SD 22) minutes per day moderate to vigorous PA (MVPA). Girls had 415 (SD 50) minutes per day ST, 283 (SD 40) minutes per day light PA, and 66 (SD 19) minutes per day MVPA. In adjusted analyses, MVPA was inversely associated with resting heart rate (β = −6.6; 95% confidence interval, −12.5 to −0.7) and positively associated with left ventricular mass (β = 6.8; 1.4–12.3), radial intima-media thickness (β = 11.4; 5.4–17.5), brachial intima-media thickness (β = 8.0; 2.0–14.0), and femoral intima-media thickness (β = 1.3; 0.2–2.3). MVPA was inversely associated with body fat percentage (β = −3.4; −6.6 to −0.2), diastolic blood pressure (β = −0.05; −0.8 to −0.1), and femoral (β = −18.1; −32.4 to −0.8) and radial (β = −13.4; −24.0 to −2.9) circumferential wall stress in boys only. ST and pulse wave velocity showed no significant associations. Conclusions: In young at-risk children, MVPA is associated with cardiovascular remodeling, partly in a sex-dependant way, likely representing physiological adaptation, but ST shows no association with cardiovascular health in early childhood. © 2024 Human Kinetics, Inc.
Oligohydramnios at term in the high-risk population - How severe is severe?; Objectives: The term oligohydramnios is linked to pregnancy complications. We previously presented the outcome of the low-risk population (no pregnancy complications) with term oligohydramnios. This study aims to address the high-risk group (Any maternal complication during pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes, pre-gestational diabetes, chronic hypertension, preeclampsia, anemia, asthma, obesity, and multi parity.) Methods: This retrospective cohort study of 1,114 singleton term (≥37), oligohydramnios (AFI <50 mm) pregnancies from Shamir Medical Center between 2017 and 2021. Compering the low-risk to high-risk groups with subdivision by severity of oligohydramnios. Results: A total of 211 subjects (19 %) were high-risk cases and 903 (81 %) low-risk cases. Comparing these two groups, subjects of the high-risk group were older (31.34 ± 5.85 vs. 29.51 vs. 4.96), had earlier gestational age at delivery 39.53 ± 1.18 vs. 40, had higher mean AFI (35 ± 12.7 vs. 33 ± 14.5), were subject to more labor inductions (81 vs. 69.7 %), and CS rate (19.9 vs. 12.4 %). Logistic regression revealed a need for more cesarean sections in the high-risk group. Additionally, more labor inductions and a higher risk of negative fetal outcomes. Conclusions: This study highlights the importance of considering pregnancy risk factors when we are approaching oligohydramnios in high-risk pregnancies.  © 2024 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Does decreased fetal growth estimation in the appropriate for gestational age range affect delivery outcomes?; Purpose: To study the effect of decreased estimated fetal weight (EFW) percentiles in appropriate for gestational age fetuses. Methods: This retrospective cohort study included women who had second and third trimester ultrasound examinations. Delivery and neonatal outcomes of pregnancies with decreased EFW of ≥ 30 percentiles in EFW between ultrasound examinations (decreased growth group) and those without such a decrease (control group) were compared. Deliveries with EFW or birthweight below the 10th percentile were excluded. Results: Among 1610 deliveries, 57 were in the decreased growth group and 1553 in the control group. Maternal characteristics did not differ between the groups except for higher rate of nulliparity in the decreased growth group. We found similar rates of Category II/III monitoring, cesarean deliveries due to non-reassuring fetal heart rate and adverse neonatal outcomes. Neonatal birthweight was lower in the decreased growth group as compared to controls. Conclusions: This study did not find association between the group of appropriate for gestational age fetuses with decreased growth, with adverse outcomes. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.
Perinatal outcomes according to umbilical artery Doppler assessment among fetuses with congenital heart disease; Purpose: To evaluate a cohort of fetuses with congenital heart disease (CHD) who underwent serial umbilical artery (UA) Doppler surveillance and assess perinatal outcome according to UA Doppler assessment. Methods: A retrospective cohort study of singleton fetuses with CHD at a single academic center was performed between 2018 and 2020. Fetuses with a chromosomal abnormality or growth restriction were excluded. We compared fetuses with normal versus abnormal UA Doppler assessment at any time in pregnancy. Abnormal UA Doppler assessment was defined as decreased end diastolic flow, determined by an elevated systolic/diastolic ratio >95th percentile for gestational age, or absent/reversed end diastolic flow. Logistic regression assessed the odds of fetuses with CHD and abnormal UA Doppler assessment having a composite adverse perinatal (defined as fetal, neonatal, or infant death), adjusting for relevant covariates. Results: We identified a cohort of 171 fetuses with CHD that met inclusion criteria. Of these, 154 (90%) had normal UA Doppler assessment and 17 (10%) had abnormal UA Doppler assessment throughout pregnancy. Maternal characteristics did not differ between groups except for maternal race and history of preeclampsia. There was no statistically significant difference in primary outcome between groups [14% (21/154) of fetuses with normal UA Doppler assessment had an adverse perinatal outcome compared to 24% (4/17) of those with abnormal UA Doppler assessment, p = 0.28]. Conclusion: UA Doppler assessment is unlikely to predict adverse perinatal outcome in normally grown, euploid singleton fetuses with CHD. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.
Trends in fluid overload-related hospitalisations among patients with diabetes mellitus The impact of chronic kidney disease; Introduction: Fluid overload is a known complication in patients with diabetes mellitus, particularly those with cardiovascular and/or chronic kidney disease (CKD). This study investigates the impact of fluid overload on healthcare utilisation and its association with diabetes-related complications. Method: El ectroni c medi cal records f rom the SingHealth Diabetes Registry (2013–2022) were analysed. Hospitalisations due to fluid overload were identified using International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision (ICD-10) discharge codes. Trends were examined using Joinpoint regression, and associations were assessed with generalised estimating equation models. Results: Over a period of 10 years, 259,607 individuals treated at primary care clinics and tertiary hospitals were studied. The incidence of fluid overload-related hospitalisations decreased from 2.99% (n=2778) in 2013 to 2.18% (n=2617) in 2017. However, this incidence increased from 2.42% (n=3091) in 2018 to 3.71% (n=5103) in 2022. The strongest associations for fluid overload-related hospitalisation were found with CKD stages G5 (odds ratio [OR] 6.61, 95% confidence interval [CI] 6.26–6.99), G4 (OR 5.55, 95% CI 5.26–5.86) and G3b (OR 3.18, 95% CI 3.02–3.35), as well as with ischaemic heart disease (OR 3.97, 95% CI 3.84–4.11), acute myocardial infarction (OR 3.07, 95% CI 2.97–3.18) and hypertension (OR 3.90, 95% CI 3.45–4.41). Additionally, the prevalence of stage G5 CKD among patients with fluid overload increased between 2018 and 2022. Conclusion: Our study revealed a significant increase in fluid overload-related hospitalisations and extended lengths of stay, likely driven by severe CKD. This underscores an urgent need for initiatives aimed at slowing CKD progression and reducing fluid overload-related hospitalisations in diabetes patients. © 2024, Academy of Medicine Singapore. All rights reserved.
Real-World Evidence of Off-Label Use of Commercially Automated Insulin Delivery Systems Compared to Multiple Daily Insulin Injections in Pregnancies Complicated by Type 1 Diabetes; Aims: To compare glycemic control and maternal-fetal outcomes of women with type 1 diabetes (T1D) using hybrid closed loop (HCL) versus multiple daily insulin injections (MDI) plus continuous glucose monitoring. Methods: Multicenter prospective cohort study of pregnant women with T1D in Spain. We evaluated HbA1c and time spent within (TIR), below (TBR), and above (TAR) the pregnancy-specific glucose range of 3.5-7.8 mmol/L. Adjusted models were performed for adverse pregnancy outcomes, including baseline maternal characteristics and center. Results: One hundred twelve women were included (HCL n = 59). Women in the HCL group had a longer duration of diabetes and higher rates of prepregnancy care. There was no between-group difference in HbA1c in any trimester. However, in the second trimester, MDI users had a greater decrease in HbA1c (−6.12 ± 9.06 vs. −2.16 ± 7.42 mmol/mol, P = 0.031). No difference in TIR (3.5-7.8 mmol/L) and TAR was observed between HCL and MDI users, but with a higher total insulin dose in the second trimester [+0.13 IU/kg·day)]. HCL therapy was associated with increased maternal weight gain during pregnancy (βadjusted = 3.20 kg, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.90-5.50). Regarding neonatal outcomes, newborns of HCL users were more likely to have higher birthweight (βadjusted = 279.0 g, 95% CI 39.5-518.5) and macrosomia (ORadjusted = 3.18, 95% CI 1.05-9.67) compared to MDI users. These associations disappeared when maternal weight gain or third trimester HbA1c was included in the models. Conclusions: In a real-world setting, HCL users gained more weight during pregnancy and had larger newborns than MDI users, while achieving similar glycemic control in terms of HbA1c and TIR. Copyright 2024, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers.
Development of a new health-related quality of life measure for people with diabetes who experience hypoglycaemia: the Hypo-RESOLVE QoL; Aims/hypothesis: Valid and reliable patient-reported outcome measures are vital for assessing disease impact, responsiveness to healthcare and the cost-effectiveness of interventions. A recent review has questioned the ability of existing measures to assess hypoglycaemia-related impacts on health-related quality of life for people with diabetes. This mixed-methods project was designed to produce a novel health-related quality of life patient-reported outcome measure in hypoglycaemia: the Hypo-RESOLVE QoL. Methods: Three studies were conducted with people with diabetes who experience hypoglycaemia. In Stage 1, a comprehensive health-related quality of life framework for hypoglycaemia was elicited from semi-structured interviews (N=31). In Stage 2, the content validity and acceptability of draft measure content were tested via three waves of cognitive debriefing interviews (N=70 people with diabetes; N=14 clinicians). In Stage 3, revised measure content was administered alongside existing generic and diabetes-related measures in a large cross-sectional observational survey to assess psychometric performance (N=1246). The final measure was developed using multiple evidence sources, incorporating stakeholder engagement. Results: A novel conceptual model of hypoglycaemia-related health-related quality of life was generated, featuring 19 themes, organised by physical, social and psychological aspects. From a draft version of 76 items, a final 14-item measure was produced with satisfactory structural (χ2=472.27, df=74, p<0.001; comparative fit index =0.943; root mean square error of approximation =0.069) and convergent validity with related constructs (r=0.46–0.59), internal consistency (α=0.91) and test–retest reliability (intraclass correlation coefficient =0.87). Conclusions/interpretation: The Hypo-RESOLVE QoL is a rigorously developed patient-reported outcome measure assessing the health-related quality of life impacts of hypoglycaemia. The Hypo-RESOLVE QoL has demonstrable validity and reliability and has value for use in clinical decision-making and as a clinical trial endpoint. Data availability: All data generated or analysed during this study are included in the published article and its online supplementary files (https://doi.org/10.15131/shef.data.23295284.v2). Graphical Abstract: (Figure presented.) © The Author(s) 2024.
Up-regulation of BRD4 contributes to gestational diabetes mellitus-induced cardiac hypertrophy in offspring by promoting mitochondria dysfunction in sex-independent manner; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with cardiovascular disease in postnatal life. The current study tested the hypothesis that GDM caused the cardiac hypertrophy in fetal (ED18.5), postnatal day 7 (PD7), postnatal day 21 (PD21) and postnatal day 90 (PD90) offspring by upregulation of BRD4 and mitochondrial dysfunction. Pregnant mice were divided into control and GDM groups. Hearts were isolated from ED18.5, PD7, PD21 and PD90. GDM increased the body weight (BW) and heart weight (HW) in ED18.5 and PD7, but not PD21 and PD90 offspring. However, HW/BW ratio was increased in all ages of GDM offspring compared to control group. Electron microscopy showed disorganized myofibrils, mitochondrial swelling, vacuolization, and cristae disorder in GDM offspring. GDM resulted in myocardial hypertrophy in offspring, which persisted from fetus to adult in a sex-independent manner. Echocardiography analysis revealed that GDM caused diastolic dysfunction, but had no effect on systolic function. Meanwhile, myocardial BRD4 was significantly upregulated in GDM offspring and BRD4 inhibition by JQ1 alleviated GDM-induced myocardial hypertrophy in offspring. Co-immunoprecipitation showed that BRD4 interacted with DRP1 and there was an increase of BRD4 and DRP1 interaction in GDM offspring. Furthermore, GDM caused the accumulation of damaged mitochondria in hearts from all ages of offspring, including mitochondrial fusion fission imbalance (upregulation of DRP1, and downregulation of MFN1, MFN2 and OPA1) and myocardial mitochondrial ROS accumulation, which was reversed by JQ1. These results suggested that the upregulation of BRD4 is involved in GDM-induced myocardial hypertrophy in the offspring through promoting mitochondrial damage in a gender-independent manner. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.
MTHFR gene polymorphisms in diabetes mellitus; The methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR), methionine synthase (MTR), and methionine synthase reductase (MTRR) are three regulatory enzymes in the folic acid (FA) cycle play a critical role in the balance of methionine and homocysteine. MTHFR and MTRR gene polymorphisms affect the biochemical activities of enzymes, impairing the remethylation of homocysteine to methionine. In 1972, severe MTHFR deficiency resulting in homocystinuria was first reported, suggesting MTHFR involvement in the disease. MTHFR C677T polymorphism can independently increase the risk of high homocysteine (HHcy) in plasma. Elevation of homocysteine levels could increase the risk of microvascular damage, thrombosis, heart disease, etc. Vascular complications were regarded as a leading major cause of diabetes mortality, and disability increases individual health and economic burden. Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic inflammatory disease, and conventional medications do not provide a complete cure for diabetes. It was essential to identify other risk factors for the intervention and prevention of diabetes. MTHFR gene polymorphism is an emerging risk factor in diabetes. Recent studies have shown that polymorphisms of the MTHFR gene play a significant role in the pathophysiology of diabetes, including inflammation and insulin resistance. This review summarizes the association between MTHER gene polymorphism and diabetes. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.
Autoimmune Gestational Diabetes, An Uncommon Cause of Type 1 Diabetes: A Case Report; Less than 10% of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) cases are type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), and the pre-diabetic stage of T1DM may be missed in women diagnosed with GDM during pregnancy. We present a patient who was diagnosed with GDM at 24 weeks gestation but who was diagnosed with T1DM after presenting with diabetic ketoacidosis in the early postpartum period. In presenting this case, we aim to remind and raise awareness of the risk of developing postpartum T1DM in patients with lean GDM who have no signs of insulin resistance, are aged <30 years, have no family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus, and require insulin therapy. © 2024, AVES. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes among women with PCOS and endometriosis: a population database cohort; Purpose: PCOS and endometriosis are independent risk factors for perinatal outcomes. Little research has evaluated the concomitant effects of these conditions, nor have studies been conducted on a population database. We sought to identify the pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and endometriosis vs. PCOS without endometriosis. Methods: A retrospective population-based cohort study was performed extracting data using ICD-9 codes from the HCUP-NIS Database from 2004 to 2014. Endometriosis in women with PCOS represented the study group (n = 163), and the remaining PCOS, non-endometriosis patients constituted the reference group (n = 14,719). Subjects were included once per delivery. Demographics were compared using chi-squared tests. Confounding effects in pregnancy outcomes were controlled using binary logistic regression analysis. Results: Concomitant endometriosis and PCOS patients were more likely to be white (88.5% vs.71.0%, p < 0.001), with BMI < 30 kg/m2 (87.1% vs.77.8%, p < 0.004) and from lower income quartiles (27.1% vs.17.1%, p < 0.017) when compared to PCOS without endometriosis. Comparing pregnancy complication rates, placental abruption (p < 0.018, aOR 3.01, 95% CI 1.21–7.50), Cesarean section (p < 0.003, aOR 1.75, 95% CI 1.21–2.53), deep venous thromboses (p < 0.002, aOR 74.31, 95% CI 4.57–1209.21), and venous thromboembolic events (p < 0.031, aOR 10.40, 95% CI 1.24–87.37), were increased in the study group compared to the reference group. Conclusion: Women with PCOS and endometriosis were more likely to be white, of lower socioeconomic status, lean, and experience abruptio-placenta, cesarean deliveries, and venous thromboembolisms. Since little was previously known about the combined outcomes of PCOS and endometriosis, it is difficult to counsel patients on risks. Our findings can help clinicians manage pregnant PCOS patients with endometriosis to minimize complications such as abruptio placenta and VTE. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.
Does the combination of four OGTT values enhance the prediction of adverse pregnancy outcomes? Insights from a retrospective cohort study; Aim: To explore the correlation between a singular value of additive OGTT scores and adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. We postulated that a higher additive OGTT score would predict poorer maternal and neonatal outcomes. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study, data were collected from all women with a documented complete OGTT result and subsequent diagnosis of GDM. The additive OGTT score was calculated by adding each individual hourly glucose measurement. Maternal demographics, pregnancy and labor characteristics, and neonatal outcomes were compared between the lower-sum and higher-sum OGTT groups. A multivariate regression analysis was performed to identify confounders associated with adverse outcomes. Results: In this study, a total of 1497 patients were assessed. The group with higher-sum OGTT scores was characterized by increased rates of GDMA2 (p = 0.008), higher insulin doses (p = 0.009), and higher rates of composite maternal and neonatal adverse outcomes (p = 0.021 and p = 0.030, respectively) compared to the lower-sum OGTT group. Conclusion: The additive OGTT score may aid in predicting the need for insulin treatment, labor course, and neonatal outcomes in GDM patients. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.
Gestational Exposure to Maternal Systemic Glucocorticoids and Childhood Risk of CKD; Rationale & Objective: The potential effects of antenatal glucocorticoid exposure on the health of children are unclear. We examined the association of gestational exposure to maternal systemic glucocorticoids and the risk of developing chronic kidney disease (CKD) in childhood. Study Design: Retrospective cohort study. Setting & Participants: Newborns cared for at the largest health care delivery system in Taiwan between 2004 and 2018. Exposure: Maternal prescriptions for systemic glucocorticoids between the last menstrual period and birth as a proxy for gestational exposure. Outcome: Incidence of childhood CKD, including congenital anomalies of the kidney and urinary tract (CAKUT) and other kidney diseases (non-CAKUT), over 10 years. Analytical Approach: Cox proportional hazards models with stabilized inverse probability of treatment weighting and robust sandwich estimator were used to estimate the average association between systemic glucocorticoids and incident CKD after adjustment for offspring characteristics (adjusted HR: AHR). Results: Among 23,363 singleton-born children, gestational systemic glucocorticoid exposure was significantly associated with a higher risk of childhood CKD (AHR, 1.69 [95% CI, 1.01-2.84]). Stratified analyses showed stronger associations between systemic glucocorticoids and childhood CKD within the strata of birth < 37 weeks’ gestational age (AHR, 2.38 [95% CI, 1.19-4.78]), male sex (AHR, 1.89 [95% CI, 1.00-3.55]), gestational exposure in the second trimester (AHR, 6.70 [95% CI, 2.17-20.64]), and total dose of >24 mg hydrocortisone equivalent (AHR, 1.91 [95% CI, 1.05-3.47]). Limitations: Study was limited to the Taiwan health care delivery system and childhood CKD events through the age of 10 years. Conclusions: The findings of this study suggest that gestational exposure to systemic glucocorticoids is associated with the occurrence of kidney disease in childhood. If these findings are confirmed, they may inform clinicians who are considering prescribing systemic glucocorticoids during pregnancy. Plain-Language Summary: In a singleton-born cohort of neonates, maternal exposure to antenatal systemic glucocorticoids was significantly associated with a 1.7-fold increased risk of the children developing chronic kidney disease over the first 10 years of life. Children of mothers who received >24 mg of hydrocortisone equivalent, systemic glucocorticoid treatment in second trimester of gestation, and children born at <37 weeks of gestational age had a higher risk of childhood kidney disease after gestational systemic glucocorticoid exposure. If these findings are confirmed, they may inform clinicians who are considering prescribing systemic glucocorticoids during pregnancy. © 2024
PARCCS: A Machine Learning Risk-Prediction Model for Acute Peripartum Cardiovascular Complications During Delivery Admissions; Background: Maternal mortality in the United States remains high, with cardiovascular (CV) complications being a leading cause. Objectives: The purpose of this paper was to develop the PARCCS (Prediction of Acute Risk for Cardiovascular Complications in the Peripartum Period Score) for acute CV complications during delivery. Methods: Data from the National Inpatient Sample (2016-2020) and International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision codes to identify delivery admissions were used. Acute CV/renal complications were defined as a composite of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, peripartum cardiomyopathy, renal complications, venous thromboembolism, arrhythmias, and pulmonary edema. A risk prediction model, PARCCS, was developed using machine learning consisting of 14 variables and scored out of 100 points. Results: Of the 2,371,661 pregnant patients analyzed, 7.0% had acute CV complications during delivery hospitalization. Patients with CV complications had a higher prevalence of comorbidities and were more likely to be of Black race and lower income. The PARCCS variables included electrolyte imbalances (13 points [p]), age (3p for age <20 years), cesarean delivery (4p), obesity (5p), pre-existing heart failure (28p), multiple gestations (4p), Black race (2p), gestational hypertension (3p), low income (1p), gestational diabetes (2p), chronic diabetes (6p), prior stroke (22p), coagulopathy (5p), and nonelective admission (2p). Using the validation set, the performance of the model was evaluated with an area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve of 0.68 and a 95% CI of 0.67 to 0.68. Conclusions: PARCCS has the potential to be an important tool for identifying pregnant individuals at risk of acute peripartum CV complications at the time of delivery. Future studies should further validate this score and determine whether it can improve patient outcomes. © 2024 The Authors
Prevalence and association of placental lesions with obstetrical features and outcome: data from French prospective study; Purpose: Since the Consensus Statement diffused by the Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group, knowledge of the meaning of placental vascular malperfusion has become essential in the unavoidable analysis of obstetrical history in a patient followed for autoimmune disease or any other maternal comorbidity. We aimed to analyse the prevalence of various placental lesions from a 6-months prospective observational study and to correlate the various placental profiles to obstetrical outcome, maternal diseases and pregnancy treatments. The frequency of foetal vascular malperfusion lesion could be estimated at 8.7%, in our population and to understand its neonatal associations. Methods: The study groups consisted of 208 consecutive women which ended the pregnancy and have placental analysis during the period of the study. Results: From December 2015 to October 2017, from overall 4398 delivered pregnancies in university obstetrical department, 208 (4.7%) placental analysis have been done and included in the study. The placental analysis have been done for vascular obstetrical complications during the pregnancy (n = 106; 51%), unexplained abnormal foetal heart rate tracings (n = 59; 28,3%), suspicion of intra-amniotic infection (n = 12; 5,7%%), term new-borns Apgar score <7 or arterial cord blood pH ≤ 7 (n = 7; 3,5%), spontaneous preterm delivery (n = 19; 9,1%), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (n = 5; 2,4%). An adverse obstetrical event was noted in 87 cases (42%): preeclampsia or HELLP syndrome (n = 15; 7%), FGR (n = 59; 28%), gestational diabetes (n = 33; 16%) and gestational hypertension (n = 19; 9%). Placental histological analysis showed abnormal vascular features in 159 cases (76%), inflammatory features in 16 placentas (8%), vascular and inflammatory features in 10 cases (4%), chorioamnionitis in 38 cases (18%) and absence of any abnormality in 43 cases (21%). A cluster analysis of histological features allowed distinguishing three placental patterns: a normal pattern characterised by the absence of any placental lesions, an inflammatory pattern characterised by the presence of villitis and/or chronic intervillositis; a vascular pattern with the presence of thrombosis, maternal floor infarct with massive perivillous fibrin deposition, infarction and chronic villositis hypoxia. Women with inflammatory placental profile have significantly increased frequencies of tobacco use (50% vs. 9%; P = 0.03), pathological vascular Doppler (50% vs. 5%; P = 0.001), FGR (100% vs. 14%; P = 0.0001) and oligohydramnios (67% vs. 5%; P = 0.0001) than those with normal placentas. A higher rate of vascular or inflammatory lesion were observed in women with Hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, where as those with inflammatory pattern have significantly more frequent FGR (100% vs 34%; P = 0.02) and oligohydramnios (67% vs 5%; P = 0.0002). Conclusion: The placenta analysis is important to understand the origin of adverse obstetrical outcome and the risk for subsequent pregnancy. © 2024 The Authors
Adherence and persistence to novel glucose-lowering medications in persons with type 2 diabetes mellitus undergoing routine care; Aims: To assess adherence and persistence to sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT2i), glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP1-RA), and dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors (DPP4i) in routine care. Methods: Using retrospective healthcare data from the Stockholm region, Sweden, we evaluated new-users of these agents during 2015–2020. We investigated adherence (≥80 % of days covered by an active supply), persistence (no treatment gap ≥ 60 days), and predictors for non-adherence and non-persistence. Results: We identified 24,470 new-users of SGLT2i (10,743), GLP1-RA (10,315), and/or DPP4i (9,488). Over 2.8 years median follow-up, the proportion demonstrating adherence was higher for SGLT2i (57 %) than DPP4i (53 %, comparison p < 0.001), and for GLP1-RA than DPP4i (54 % vs 53 %, p < 0.001). Similarly, persistence was higher for both SGLT2i and GLP-RA than DPP4i (respectively, 50 % vs 44 %, p < 0.001; 49 % vs 44 %, p < 0.001). Overall adherence was better among users who were older, had a history of high blood pressure, used more non-diabetic medications, had lower Hba1c, had better kidney function, and had completed secondary schooling or university. Women had worse adherence to SGLT2i and GLP1-RA than DPP4i. Conclusions: We report adherence and persistence to SGLT2i, GLP1-RA and DPP4i in routine care, and identify prognostic factors that could inform implementation interventions to improve uptake of these important therapies. © 2024 The Author(s)
Alteration of Maternal Serum Ferritin in Pregnancy and Maternal-fetal Infections: A retrospective cohort study; Objectives: To investigate the association of altered serum ferritin during pregnancy with chorioamnionitis and neonatal sepsis. Methods: This retrospective cohort study included 78,521 pregnant women who attended antenatal check-ups at maternal and child health centers in Fujian Province, China. Study lasted from January 2014 to January 2019. A total of 59,812 pregnant women were followed up. Patients with suspected infection before the delivery were selected and divided into the chorioamnionitis and non-chorioamnionitis groups according to placental pathology. Differences in late and early pregnancy serum ferritin between the two groups were compared. Multiple logistics regression was used to adjust for confounding factors and to analyze the association between serum ferritin changes and pregnancy outcomes. Importance of altered serum ferritin during pregnancy was assessed by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve and net reclassification index (NRI). Results: Clinical records of 8506 pregnant women were included in the study. there were 1010 (11.9%) cases of confirmed chorioamnionitis and 263 (3.1%) cases of neonatal sepsis. There was a significant difference in maternal serum ferritin changes between the groups with and without chorioamnionitis. No significant difference was detected in cases with or without neonatal sepsis. Multiple logistic regressions, corrected for confounding factors yielded similar conclusions. Maternal serum ferritin difference NRI 12.18% (p = 0.00014) was similar to the ROC results in predicting the occurrence of chorioamnionitis. Conclusion: Differential serum ferritin during pregnancy may predict chorioamnionitis but does not correlate well with neonatal sepsis. © 2024, Professional Medical Publications. All rights reserved.
Empagliflozin and Risk of Incident Gout: Analysis from the EMPagliflozin Comparative Effectiveness and SafEty (EMPRISE) Cohort Study; Background: Hyperuricemia is frequently observed in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and is associated with increased risk of gout and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Empagliflozin lowers serum urate levels by enhancing its urinary excretion. Objective: To compare initiators of empagliflozin vs dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor (DPP4i) and initiators of empagliflozin vs glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist (GLP-1RA) with respect to the risk of incident gout events. Design and Participants: Using three claims-based datasets from 08/2014 to 09/2019, we generated two cohorts (cohort 1: empagliflozin vs DPP4i; cohort 2: empagliflozin vs GLP-1RA) of adult patients with T2D and without prior history of gout or gout-specific medication dispensing separately in each dataset. To assess the risk of incident gout, we estimated hazard ratios (HR) and rate differences (RD) per 1000 person-years (PY) with their 95% confidence intervals (CI) before and after 1:1 propensity score (PS) matching adjusting for 141 baseline covariates. Key Results: We identified 102,262 pairs of 1:1 propensity score-matched adults in cohort 1 and 131,216 pairs in cohort 2. Over a mean follow-up period of 8 months on treatment, the risk of gout was lower in patients initiating empagliflozin compared to DPP4i (HR = 0.69: 95% CI (0.60–0.79); RD = − 2.27: 95% CI (− 3.08, 1.46)) or GLP-1RA (HR = 0.83: 95% CI (0.73–0.94); RD = − 0.99: 95% CI (− 1.66, − 0.32)). Results were consistent across subgroups (sex, age, body mass index, chronic kidney disease, heart failure, cardiovascular disease, and concurrent diuretic use) and sensitivity analyses. Conclusions: Among adults with T2D, the initiation of empagliflozin vs a DPP4i or GLP-1RA was associated with lower risk of incident gout, complementing results from a post hoc analysis of the EMPA-REG OUTCOME trial and previously published observational research focusing on the sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 inhibitor class in more narrowly defined study populations. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Society of General Internal Medicine 2024.
Oxytocin vs oral misoprostol for PROM induction in nulliparas with unfavorable cervix: a randomized trial; Background: Induction of labor (IOL) is recommended following prelabor rupture of membranes (PROM). The optimal method for IOL and need for cervical ripening in those with PROM and an unfavorable cervical examination is unclear. Objective: To determine if oxytocin or oral misoprostol results in a shorter time to delivery among nulliparous patients with an unfavorable cervical examination and PROM diagnosis and to evaluate patient satisfaction with both methods. Study Design: This is a randomized clinical trial conducted at an urban tertiary care center from 2019 to 2023. Subjects were nulliparas ≥36 weeks with an unfavorable starting cervical exam (≤2 cm and Bishop <8). The primary outcome was time from IOL to delivery in hours compared between oxytocin vs oral misoprostol. Secondary outcomes included suspected intraamniotic infection, cesarean delivery, composite maternal and neonatal morbidity, and patient satisfaction (assessed by Birth Satisfaction Scale-Revised). Sub-group analyses for those with BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2 and cervical dilation ≥1 cm were performed. We required 148 subjects to have 80% power to detect a 2-hour difference in time to delivery. The study was stopped early by the data safety monitoring board due to feasibility concerns in recruiting desired sample size. Results: A total of 108 subjects were randomized: 56 oxytocin; 52 oral miso. The median gestational age at induction was 39.5 weeks; the mean starting cervical dilation was 1.1 cm. There was no statistical difference in time to delivery between groups overall: 14.9 hours oxytocin vs 18.1 hours oral misoprostol (P=.06). In sub-group analyses, there was a 5 hours shorter time to delivery with oxytocin for those with a BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2 (16.6 hours oxytocin vs 21.8 hours oral misoprostol, P .04) and 4.5 hours shorter time to delivery with oxytocin for those with cervix ≥1 cm (12.9 hours oxytocin vs 17.3 hours oral misoprostol, P .04). There were no differences in intraamniotic infection, cesarean delivery, maternal or neonatal morbidity between the groups. Patient satisfaction was higher for those receiving oxytocin compared to misoprostol (29.0 vs 26.3, P=.03). Conclusion: Among nulliparas with PROM and an unfavorable cervix, there was no difference in overall time to delivery between oxytocin and oral misoprostol. This result should be interpreted with caution given early study discontinuation and inadequate power. However, a shorter time to delivery with oxytocin was noted in obese patients and those with cervical dilation of at least 1 cm. Furthermore, patient satisfaction was higher in the oxytocin group, and there was no increased risk of neonatal or maternal morbidity with oxytocin. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.
Obstetric and perinatal outcomes in women with cerebrovascular accident vs. transient ischemic attack: an evaluation of a population database; Purpose: Cerebrovascular accidents (CVAs) and transient ischemic attacks (TIAs) are uncommon neurologic events in women of childbearing age. We aimed to compare pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes between women who suffered from a CVA and those who experienced a TIA. Methods: A retrospective population-based cohort study was performed using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project, Nationwide Inpatient Sample. Included were all pregnant women who delivered or had a maternal death in the US between 2004 and 2014. We compared women with an ICD-9 diagnosis of a CVA before or during pregnancy to those diagnosed with a TIA before, during the pregnancy, or during the delivery admission. Pregnancy and perinatal outcomes were compared between the two groups, using multivariate logistic regression to control for confounders. Results: Among 9,096,788 women in the database, 898 met the inclusion criteria. Of them, 706 women (7.7/100,000) had a CVA diagnosis, and 192 (2.1/100,000) had a TIA diagnosis. Women with a CVA, compared to those with a TIA, had a higher rate of pregnancy-induced hypertension (aOR 3.82,95%CI 2.14–6.81, p < 0.001); preeclampsia (aOR 2.6,95%CI 1.3–5.2, p = 0.007), eclampsia (aOR 13.78,95% CI 1.84–103.41, p < 0.001); postpartum hemorrhage (aOR 4.52,95%CI 1.31–15.56, p = 0.017), blood transfusion (aOR 5.57,95%CI 1.65–18.72, p = 0.006), and maternal death (54 vs. 0 cases, 7.6% vs. 0%), with comparable neonatal outcomes. Conclusion: Women diagnosed with a CVA before or during pregnancy had a higher incidence of myriad maternal complications, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, postpartum hemorrhage, and death, compared to women with a TIA diagnosis, with comparable neonatal outcomes, stressing the different prognoses of these two conditions, and the importance of these patients’ diligent follow-up and care. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.
Risk of cardiovascular events after gestational diabetes: a retrospective population study; Aims: To investigate whether the risk for post-partum cardiovascular diseases (CVD) is driven by gestational diabetes (GDM), by GDM-related risk factors and/or by pre-gestational (Pre-GD) or post-gestational diabetes (Post-GD). Methods: Women delivering in Tuscany, Italy in years 2010–2012 (n = 74,720), were identified from certificates of care at delivery and further identified as affected with GDM, Pre-GD or Post-GD through regional administrative databases. Women with GDM, Pre-GD or Post-GD were retrospectively evaluated for risk of post-partum hospitalizations for CVD (myocardial infarction or stroke; n = 728) across years 2013–2021, comparing women with different forms of diabetes to those without diabetes. Risk of CVD was assessed as odds ratio (OR 95% CI), after logistic multivariate models, considering all recorded pre-gestational characteristics as covariates. Results: The adjusted OR (aOR) for post-partum CVD hospitalizations was not significantly related to GDM itself (aOR: 0.85; 0.64–1.12; p = ns), but increased in women with Pre-GD (aOR: 2.02; 1.09–3.71; p = 0.024) and Post-GD, associated or not to prior GDM (aOR; 4.21; 2.45–7.23 and respectively aOR: 3.80; 2.38–6.05; p < 0.0001 for both). In presence of pre-pregnancy maternal obesity (BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2) the aOR of CVD approximatively doubled (aOR: 1.90; 1.51–2.40); p < 0.0001, independently of GDM and of Post-GD. The adjusted risk of CVD was lower among employed women (aOR: 0.83; 0.70–0.99); p = 0.04 and significantly higher in presence of poorer education levels (aOR: 1.32; 1.11–1.57); p < 0.0001. Conclusion: In this population the risk of post-partum CVD was driven by Pre- and Post-GD, not by GDM alone. Pre-gestational obesity represented a major independent risk factor for post-partum CVD. © Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature 2024.
Analysis of Maternal and Fetal Oxidative Stress During Delivery with Epidural Analgesia; Childbirth is a stressful event for mothers, and labor epidural analgesia (LEA) may reduce mental stress. Mental stressors include labor pain, fear, and anxiety, which induce oxidative stress. In this study, we focused on oxidative stress during delivery and conducted a cross-sectional analysis of maternal and fetal oxidative stress. The participants included 15 women who received LEA (LEA group) and 15 who did not (No LEA group). Participants with a gestational age of < 37 weeks, BMI of ≥ 35 kg/m2, cerebrovascular or cardiovascular complications, multiple pregnancies, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, chronic hypertension, thyroid disease, birth weight of < 2,500 g, emergency cesarean section, or cases in which epidural anesthesia was re-administered during delivery were excluded from the study. Maternal blood was collected on admission, and immediately after delivery, and umbilical artery blood was collected from the fetus. The oxidative stress status was assessed by measuring diacron-reactive oxygen metabolite (an index of the degree of lipid peroxide oxidation), biological antioxidant potential (an index of antioxidant capacity) and calculating the ratio of BAP/d-ROMs (an index of the oxidative stress). The results showed that maternal oxidative stress immediately after delivery was lower in the LEA group than in the No LEA group. Moreover, the fetuses experienced less oxidative stress in the LEA group than in the No LEA group. Taken together, these results suggest that LEA may reduce maternal and fetal oxidative stress associated with childbirth. © The Author(s) 2024.
Predeposit Autologous Blood Donation in Rh(D)-Negative Pregnant Women: A Single-Center Study; Objective The primary purpose of this study was to assess the practicability of predeposit autologous blood donation (PABD) in the practice of Rh(D)-negative pregnant women. Materials and Methods A cohort of 405 Rh(D)-negative pregnant women who had a delivery in the comprehensive tertiary hospital in Nanjing was analyzed retrospectively, over 10 years. Results After PABD, 203 women experienced a slight drop in mean hemoglobin of 5.32 ± 0.5 g/L (PABD-associated anemia was not featured in our study). Thirteen women who received allogeneic blood might benefit from PABD practically. Conclusion PABD is applicable for Rh(D)-negative pregnant women, as it ensures the availability of the patient's blood in the event of perinatal hemorrhage, thus minimizing the need for transfusion from external sources. Despite the autologous blood reinfusion of low proportion, PABD could still serve as an alternative when allogeneic blood resources are scarce. However, one challenge in the future is to identify candidates who may benefit most from PABD. Also, more attention is needed to raise awareness of patient blood management. Recommended strategies include early screening and treatment of anemia, hemostasis promotion, and blood loss reduction. Replacement of allogeneic transfusion with autotransfusion could be referred to where feasible. We believe that PABD still has a promising potential for application in Rh(D)-negative pregnant women.  © 2024. The Author(s).
Computer Vision for Identification of Increased Fetal Heart Variability in Cardiotocogram; Introduction: Increased fetal heart rate variability (IFHRV), defined as fetal heart rate (FHR) baseline amplitude changes of >25 beats per minute with a duration of ≥1 min, is an early sign of intrapartum fetal hypoxia. This study evaluated the level of agreement of machine learning (ML) algorithms-based recognition of IFHRV patterns with expert analysis. Methods: Cardiotocographic recordings and cardiotocograms from 4,988 singleton term childbirths were evaluated independently by two expert obstetricians blinded to the outcomes. Continuous FHR monitoring with computer vision analysis was compared with visual analysis by the expert obstetricians. FHR signals were graphically processed and measured by the computer vision model labeled SALKA. Results: In visual analysis, IFHRV pattern occurred in 582 cardiotocograms (11.7%). Compared with visual analysis, SALKA recognized IFHRV patterns with an average Cohen’s kappa coefficient of 0.981 (95% CI: 0.972–0.993). The sensitivity of SALKA was 0.981, the positive predictive rate was 0.822 (95% CI: 0.774–0.903), and the false-negative rate was 0.01 (95% CI: 0.00–0.02). The agreement between visual analysis and SALKA in identification of IFHRV was almost perfect (0.993) in cases (N = 146) with neonatal acidemia (i.e., umbilical artery pH <7.10). Conclusions: Computer vision analysis by SALKA is a novel ML technique that, with high sensitivity and specificity, identifies IFHRV features in intrapartum cardiotocograms. SALKA recognizes potential early signs of fetal distress close to those of expert obstetricians, particularly in cases of neonatal acidemia. © 2024 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Climate change versus Mediterranean diet: A hazardous struggle for the women's heart; Climate change impacts food systems, causing nutritional deficiencies and increasing cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Regulatory frameworks like the European Farm-to-Fork Strategy aim to mitigate these effects, but current EU food safety regulations inadequately address health risks from poor diet quality and contaminants. Climate change adversely affects food quality, such as nutrient depletion in crops due to higher CO2 levels, leading to diets that promote chronic diseases, including CVD. Women, because of their roles in food production and their unique physiological responses to nutrients, face distinct vulnerabilities. This review explores the interplay between climate change, diet, and cardiovascular health in women. The review highlights that sustainable diets, particularly the Mediterranean diet, offer health benefits and lower environmental impacts but are threatened by climate change-induced disruptions. Women's adherence to the Mediterranean diet is linked to significant reductions in CVD risk, though sex-specific responses need further research. Resilient agricultural practices, efficient water management, and climate-smart farming are essential to mitigate climate change's negative impacts on food security. Socio-cultural factors influencing women's dietary habits, such as traditional roles and societal pressures, further complicate the picture. Effective interventions must be tailored to women, emphasizing education, community support, policy changes, and media campaigns promoting healthy eating. Collaborative approaches involving policymakers, health professionals, and the agricultural sector are crucial for developing solutions that protect public health and promote sustainability. Addressing the multifaceted challenges posed by climate change to food quality and cardiovascular health in women underscores the need for integrated strategies that ensure food security, enhance diet quality, and mitigate environmental impacts. © 2024 The Author(s)
Long-term Neurobehavioral and Metabolic Outcomes in Offspring of Mothers With Diabetes During Pregnancy: A Large, Population-Based Cohort Study in Ontario, Canada; OBJECTIVE Offspring of women with diabetes are at increased risk of developing neurobehavioral and cardiometabolic disorders, but there is scant evidence regarding the association between glycemic level during pregnancy and these long-term offspring outcomes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We conducted a population-based, cohort study of deliveries in Ontario between April 1991 and March 2018. Women had preexisting diabetes, gestational diabetes, or no diabetes. We applied a Cox proportional hazard model to examine the risk of developing attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder (ASD), and cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring and assessed the association between pregnancy HbA1c levels and risk of outcomes, adjusting for confounders. RESULTS A total of 3,407,961 mother-infant pairs were followed up to 29 years. Using a Cox proportional hazard model, offspring of women with type 1 diabetes had the highest risk of ADHD (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 1.43 [95% CI 1.36–1.49]), ASD (aHR 1.94 [1.80–2.09]), diabetes (aHR 4.73 [4.34–5.16]), hypertension (aHR 2.32 [2.07–2.61]), and cardiovascular disease (CVD) (aHR 1.72 [1.56–1.90]), followed by offspring of women with type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes compared with those unexposed. Among women with preexisting diabetes, there was an association between level of pregnancy HbA1c and offspring diabetes (aHR 1.22 [95% CI 1.12–1.32]), hypertension (aHR 1.42 [1.29–1.57]), and CVD (aHR 1.20 [1.11–1.29]) but no statistically significant association with neurobehavioral outcomes. CONCLUSIONS In utero exposure to maternal diabetes was associated with an increase in ADHD, ASD, and cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring, with differences seen across diabetes subtypes. Pregnancy glycemia was associated with cardiometabolic outcomes, but not neurobehavioral outcomes, and provides a potentially modifiable risk factor to decrease cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring. © 2024 by the American Diabetes Association.
Barriers and facilitators of cardiovascular disease prevention services for women with prior gestational diabetes or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in low-income, middle-income and high-income settings: a scoping review protocol; INTRODUCTION: Women with previous pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), have an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Although CVD screening and preventive care beginning in the early postpartum period are recommended, certain barriers limit access to such services. We plan to conduct a scoping review of the literature to explore and summarise evidence on the barriers and facilitators of postpartum CVD preventive services in women with a history of GDM and HDP. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This scoping review will be conducted in line with the Arksey and O'Malley's (2005) methodological framework and the Joanna Briggs Institute guidance for conducting a systematic scoping review and will follow the Evidence for Policy and Practice Information and the Coordinating Centre at the Institute of Education guidelines. The review results will be reported using the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and Meta-Analyses extension for Scoping Reviews (PRISMA-ScR) checklist. We will search the following databases: Medline, Embase and CINAHL. We will conduct grey literature searches for registered dissertations and theses. Inclusion and exclusion criteria will be kept broad. Qualitative and quantitative studies published in English or French that investigated and reported percieved barriers or facilitators to postpartum CVD screening and preventive care among women with previous GDM and HDP will be included. Individual, interpersonal, organizational, and system level factors will be reported. Qualitative findings will be summarised narratively, and quantitative findings will be absorbed within the themes using the multisource synthesis method. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This review represents one objective of a larger project that was reviewed by the Ottawa Health Sciences Network Research Ethics Board (QI-184). We will disseminate knowledge emanating from this review through open-access publication, presentation/public forums on women's cardiovascular health, women's CVD prevention forums and social media. We will also present the findings of this review at the annual meeting of the Canadian Women's Heart Health Alliance. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2024. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Unraveling the role of microRNAs: potential biomarkers for gestational diabetes mellitus revealed through RNA sequencing analysis; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses significant health risks for both mothers and children, contributing to long-term complications such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. This study explores the potential of microRNAs (miRNAs) as biomarkers for GDM by analyzing peripheral blood samples from GDM patients. Method: Ten samples, including peripheral blood from 5 GDM patients and 5 controls, were collected to perform the RNA sequencing analysis. Differentially expressed miRNAs were further validated by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. Results: A total of 2287 miRNAs were identified, 229 of which showed differential expression. Validation by qRT-PCR confirmed significant up-regulation of miR-5193, miR-5003-3p, miR-3127-5p, novel-miR-96, miR-6734-5p, and miR-122-5p, while miR-10395-3p was down-regulated. Bioinformatics analyses revealed the involvement of these miRNAs in pathways associated with herpes simplex virus 1 infection. Conclusion: This study provides insights into the differential expression of miRNAs in GDM patients and their potential roles in disease pathogenesis. It suggests that the differentially expressed miRNAs could serve as potential biomarkers for GDM, shedding light on the complex molecular mechanisms involved. © The Author(s) 2024.
Ten-Year Review of the Postpartum Maternal Health Clinic at the Kingston Health Sciences Centre; Objectives: The postpartum Maternal Health Clinic (MHC) sees patients who have experienced pregnancy complications identified as pregnancy-related cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk indicators (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, idiopathic preterm delivery, and intrauterine growth restriction) at 6 months postpartum for CVD risk screening. This project aimed to summarise the past 10 years of the MHC and identify trends in patient characteristics, patient CVD risk assessments, and clinic attendance over time. Methods: Patients included in this study have experienced 1 or more pregnancy-related CVD risk indicator(s) and have delivered between April 2011 and April 2021. MHC patient data and the Better Outcomes Registry Network database were utilised to compare eligible and participating patient data during clinically significant time periods. Results: The clinic has seen 1030 patients in the last 10 years and their characteristics have remained largely consistent. However, there has been an increase in the proportion of patients seen because of a hypertensive disorder and an increase in the proportion of patients with obesity, abnormal total cholesterol, and elevated fasting glucose. Additionally, CVD risk scores and the prevalence of metabolic syndrome have remained consistent over the years. Regarding the clinic's outreach, patient eligibility for the MHC has been increasing while attendance has been decreasing over time. Conclusions: Overall, there remains a need to screen these patients for CVD risk and counsel them on risk reduction. There is also an opportunity to increase patient recruitment to improve attendance and to address the increased need for CVD risk screening and counselling in the community. © 2024 The Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada/La Société des obstétriciens et gynécologues du Canada
Maternal modifiable factors and risk of congenital heart defects: systematic review and causality assessment; OBJECTIVE: Primary prevention strategies are critical to reduce the global burden of congenital heart defects (CHDs); this requires robust knowledge of causal agents. We aimed to review associations between CHDs and maternal advanced age, obesity, diabetes, hypertension, smoking and alcohol consumption and assess the causal nature of the associations. DESIGN: Systematic review of reviews with application of a Bradford Hill criteria score-based causal assessment system. DATA SOURCES: We searched PubMed, Embase and Episteminokos (January 1990-April 2023). ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: Systematic reviews of original epidemiological studies reporting association (relative risk) between one or more of the above maternal factors and CHDs overall (any type) in subsequent offspring. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Two independent reviewers selected eligible reviews, assessed the risk of bias and assigned the strength of evidence for causality. RESULTS: There was strong evidence of a causal relationship between CHDs and maternal obesity (prepregnancy and early pregnancy) and pre-existing diabetes (six of seven Bradford Hill criteria met). For pre-existing hypertension (strength and biological gradient not met), and advanced age (strength, consistency and biological gradient not met), causal evidence was moderate. Evidence for the causal contribution of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, smoking and alcohol consumption was weak (strength, consistency, temporality and biological gradient not met). CONCLUSIONS: CHDs can be reduced with stronger action to reduce maternal obesity and pre-existing diabetes prevalence. Investigating environmental exposures that have received limited attention, such as air pollutants and chemical exposures, is important to further inform prevention. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2024. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Association between blood lipid levels in early pregnancy and urinary organophosphate metabolites in the Japan Environment and Children's Study; Background: High low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (LDL-C) during pregnancy have been associated with adverse pregnancy and offspring outcomes. While previous studies have suggested a potential link between organophosphate pesticide (OPP) exposure and higher LDL-C in the general population and agricultural workers, the relationship in pregnant women and the effect of body mass index on this relationship remain unclear. We examined the association between the urinary concentrations of OPP metabolites (dialkylphosphates) and blood lipid levels in pregnant women. Methods: We used data from the Japan Environment and Children's Study, which included 5,169 pregnant women with urinary dialkylphosphate data. We examined the association between urinary concentrations of six dialkylphosphates (DEP, DETP, DEDTP, DMP, DMTP, DMDTP) and blood lipid levels (LDL-C, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides) during the first trimester using multiple linear regression under a Bayesian paradigm. We examined the association between high LDL-C, defined as ≥90th percentile of LDL-C, and urinary dialkylphosphate concentrations, using multiple logistic regression under a Bayesian paradigm. These analyses were repeated in underweight, normal-weight, and overweight participants. Results: DEP, DMP, and DMTP were detected in >50 % of the participants. Multiple linear regression analyses did not show associations between LDL-C and these dialkylphosphates. Stratified analyses showed a positive association between DEP and LDL-C in overweight women (beta coefficient = 2.13, 95 % credible interval = 0.86–3.38, probability of direction (PD) = 100 %); however, the association was not significant (percentage in region of practical equivalence (% in ROPE) = 84.0). Higher DEP was significantly associated with high LDL-C (odds ratio = 1.32, 95 % credible interval = 1.13–1.55, PD = 100 %, % in ROPE = 0.2). Conclusions: Among overweight pregnant women in the first trimester, higher urinary DEP concentrations were associated with high LDL-C. The effects of OPP on blood lipid profiles merit further investigation. © 2024 The Authors
Correlation between types of ventricular septal defect and chromosomal abnormalities in low-risk non-invasive prenatal testing; Purpose: The aim of this study was to examine whether there is a correlation between different types of ventricular septal defects (VSD) and chromosomal abnormalities in the low-risk setting of non-invasive prenatal testing (NIPT) and to evaluate the prognosis of fetuses with varying types of VSD. Methods: Cases of pregnant women who underwent amniocentesis due to fetal VSD were collected by Tianjin Central Hospital of Obstetrics and Gynecology from May 2017 to May 2022. Exclusions were made for those without NIPT, with high-risk NIPT results, genetic disorders, and those lost to follow-up. Data collected included ultrasound classification of VSD, prenatal NIPT results, copy-number variations (CNVs) results, and neonatal outcomes. Results: The prevalence of pathogenic CNVs was investigated in 74 cases of VSDs. Of these cases, 45 were isolated VSDs (9 muscular and 36 non-muscular) and 29 were non-isolated VSDs (10 with intracardiac and 19 with extra-cardiac structural anomalies). The results revealed that the incidence of pathogenic CNVs was lower in isolated VSDs compared to non-isolated VSDs in a low-risk NIPT condition (χ2 = 9.344, P = 0.002). There was no significant difference in the prevalence of pathogenic CNVs between VSDs with intracardiac and extra-cardiac structural anomalies (P = 0.541). Moreover, VSDs associated with intracardiac structural anomalies had the highest rate of surgical intervention. Conclusion: When NIPT is low-risk and VSD is isolated, the likelihood of fetal chromosomal defects is not increased. However, if there are intra- or extra-cardiac structural abnormalities present alongside VSD, the possibility of pathogenic CNV is considerably greater, necessitating invasive prenatal diagnosis. Isolated muscular VSDs usually do not require surgery, which can be used as a basis for prenatal counseling regarding fetal VSD. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.
Implications of pregnancy on cardiometabolic disease risk: preeclampsia and gestational diabetes; Cardiometabolic disorders, such as obesity, insulin resistance, and hypertension, prior to and within pregnancy are increasing in prevalence worldwide. Pregnancy-associated cardiometabolic disease poses a great risk to the short- and long-term well-being of the mother and offspring. Hypertensive pregnancy, notably preeclampsia, as well as gestational diabetes are the major diseases of pregnancy growing in prevalence as a result of growing cardiometabolic disease prevalence. The mechanisms whereby obesity, diabetes, and other comorbidities lead to preeclampsia and gestational diabetes are incompletely understood and continually evolving in the literature. In addition, novel therapeutic avenues are currently being explored in these patients to offset cardiometabolic-induced adverse pregnancy outcomes in preeclamptic and gestational diabetes pregnancies. In this review, we discuss the emerging pathophysiological mechanisms of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes in the context of cardiometabolic risk as well as the most recent preclinical and clinical updates in the pathogenesis and treatment of these conditions. Copyright © 2024 the American Physiological Society.
Background incidence rates of health outcomes of interest for COVID-19 vaccine safety monitoring in a US population: a claims database analysis; Objective To evaluate background incidence rates of 59 health outcomes of interest (HOI) in a diverse population, including important subpopulations, during the preCOVID-19 era (1 January 2017–31 December 2019) and the COVID-19 era (1 March 2020–31 December 2020), before the introduction of COVID-19 vaccines. Design Observational retrospective cohort study. Annual incidence rates and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of HOIs were estimated for each population of interest, stratified by: age, sex, age and sex and seasonality. Data source Optum’s de-identified Clinformatics Data Mart Database (CDM). Participants Individuals from the US general population and four subgroups of interest: influenza-vaccinated, paediatric (<18 years of age), elderly (≥65 years of age) and pregnant women. Results During the COVID-19 era, the incidence of several cardiac conditions, coagulation disorders and acute liver injury increased across all populations assessed while the rates of some dermatological and neurological HOIs decreased relative to the pre-COVID-19 era. The incidence of acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) varied considerably by subgroup: among the elderly, it decreased annually during the pre-COVID-19 era but peaked during the COVID-19 era; among pregnant women, it slightly increased annually during the pre-COVID-19 era and substantially increased during the COVID-19 era; among paediatrics, it decreased annually over the entire study. The incidence of the majority of HOIs increased with age, but were generally comparable between sexes with few exceptions. Cardiac, gastrointestinal, neurological and haematological HOIs, along with acute kidney injury and ARDS, were more common in males, whereas several immunological HOIs and chilblain-like lesions were more common in females. Pregnancy-related HOIs did not increase during the COVID-19 era, except for spontaneous abortions which increased annually over the entire study. Conclusion These observations help contextualise fluctuations in background rates of adverse events noted during the COVID-19 era, and provide insight on how their use may impact safety surveillance for other vaccines. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2024. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Gestational exposure to air pollutants perturbs metabolic and placenta-fetal phenotype; Air pollution (AP) is detrimental to pregnancies including increasing risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus. We hypothesized that exposure to AP causes cardiovascular and metabolic disruption thereby altering placental gene expression, which in turn affects the placental phenotype and thereby embryonic/fetal development. To test this hypothesis, we investigated the impact of intra-nasal instilled AP upon gestational day 16–19 maternal mouse cardiovascular and metabolic status, placental nutrient transporters, and placental-fetal size and morphology. To further unravel mechanisms, we also examined placental total DNA 5’-hydroxymethylation and bulk RNA sequenced gene expression profiles. AP exposed pregnant mice and fetuses were tachycardic with a reduction in maternal left ventricular fractional shortening and increased uterine artery with decreased umbilical artery systolic peak velocities. In addition, they were hyperglycemic, glucose intolerant and insulin resistant, with changes in placental glucose (Glut3) and fatty acid (Fatp1 & Cd36) transporters, and a spatial disruption of cells expressing Glut10 that imports L-dehydroascorbic acid in protecting against oxidative stress. Placentas revealed inflammatory cellular infiltration with associated cellular edema and necrosis, with dilated vascular spaces and hemorrhage. Placental and fetal body weights decreased in mid-gestation with a reduction in brain cortical thickness emerging in late gestation. Placental total DNA 5’-hydroxymethylation was 2.5-fold higher, with perturbed gene expression profiles involving key metabolic, inflammatory, transcriptional, cellular polarizing and processing genes and pathways. We conclude that gestational exposure to AP incites a maternal inflammatory response resulting in features mimicking maternal gestational diabetes mellitus with altered placental DNA 5’-hydroxymethylation, gene expression, and associated injury. © 2024
Association between mixed metal exposure and stroke risk in Shanxi Province: a case-control study; Background: Stroke is the second leading cause of death for all human beings and poses a serious threat to human health. Environmental exposure to a mixture of metals may be associated with the occurrence and development of stroke, but the evidence in the Chinese population is not yet conclusive. Objectives: This study evaluated the association between stroke risk and 13 metals Methods: Metal concentrations in whole blood samples from 100 stroke cases and 100 controls were measured by ICP-MS. The cumulative impact of mixed metal on stroke risk was investigated by using three statistical models, BKMR, WQS and QGC. Results: The case group had higher concentrations of Mg, Mn, Zn, Se, Sn, and Pb than the control group (p<0.05). BKMR model indicated a correlation between the risk of stroke and exposure to mixed metals. WQS model showed that Mg (27.2 %), Se (25.1 %) and Sn (14.8 %) were positively correlated with stroke risk (OR=1.53; 95 %Cl: 1.03–2.37, p=0.013). The QGC model showed that Mg (49.2 %) was positively correlated with stroke risk, while Ti (31.7 %) was negatively correlated with stroke risk. Conclusions: Mg may be the largest contributor to the cumulative effect of mixed metal exposure on stroke risk, and the interaction between metals requires more attention. These findings could provide scientific basis for effectively preventing stroke by managing metals in the environment. © 2024 The Authors
Maternal Salivary miR-423-5p Is Linked to Neonatal Outcomes and Periodontal Status in Cardiovascular-High-Risk Pregnancies; Periodontal disease (PD) during pregnancy may trigger systemic inflammation, increasing the risk of developing cardiometabolic disease (CMD). As a consequence, PD may result in the activation of cellular and molecular pathways, affecting the disease course and pregnancy outcome. Although microRNAs (miRNAs) are considered ideal biomarkers for many diseases, few studies have investigated salivary miRNAs and their role in pregnancy or neonatal outcomes. In this study, we sought to investigate the associations between salivary miRNAs of pregnant women with oral diseases and their effects on neonatal outcomes. Eleven (n = 11) salivary miRNAs from a cohort of pregnant women with oral diseases (n = 32; oral health, H; gingivitis, G; and periodontitis, P) were detected using a previous profiling analysis with an FDR < 0.20 and a fold change (FC) < 0.5 or FC > 2 for the most highly expressed miRNAs. Spearman correlations were performed for 11 salivary microRNAs associated with oral-derived inflammation, which could affect neonatal outcomes during pregnancies at risk for cardiometabolic disease (CMD), defined by the presence of a high pregestational BMI. In addition, ROC curves demonstrated the diagnostic accuracy of the markers used. Upregulation of miR-423-5p expression and a decrease in miR-27b-3p expression were detected in the P-group (p < 0.05), and ROC analysis revealed the diagnostic accuracy of miR-423-5p for discriminating oral diseases, such as gingivitis versus periodontitis (P vs. G, AUC = 0.78, p < 0.05), and for discriminating it from the healthy oral cavity (P vs. H, AUC = 0.9, p < 0.01). In addition, miR-27b-3p and miR-622 were also able to discriminate the healthy group from the P-group (AUC = 0.8, p < 0.05; AUC = 0.8, p < 0.05). miR-483-5p was able to discriminate between the G-group (AUC = 0.9, p < 0.01) and the P-group (AUC = 0.8, p < 0.05). These data support the role of salivary miRNAs as early biomarkers for neonatal outcomes in pregnant women with periodontal disease at high risk for CMD and suggest that there is cross-talk between salivary miRNAs and subclinical systemic inflammation. © 2024 by the authors.
Can short- and long-term maternal and infant risks linked to hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy be reduced by therapy?; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), especially preeclampsia, and diabetes during pregnancy pose significant risks for both maternal and infant health, extending to long-term outcomes such as early-onset cardiovascular disease and metabolic disorders. Current strategies for managing HDP focus on screening, prevention, surveillance, and timely intervention. No disease-modifying therapies exist so far for established preeclampsia; delivery remains the definitive resolution. Preventive measures—including early pregnancy screening, exercise, and low-dose aspirin—show promise. Antihypertensive treatments reduce severe hypertension risks, whereas magnesium sulfate remains the standard for preventing eclampsia. Planned delivery from gestational week 37 can balance maternal benefits and neonatal risks in women with established preeclampsia. Delivery between 34 and 37 weeks gestation in women with preeclampsia has to balance risks for mother and infant. Lifestyle interventions—particularly diet and physical activity—are pivotal in managing gestational diabetes mellitus and type 2 diabetes. The oral antidiabetic metformin has shown benefits in glycaemic control and reducing maternal weight gain, although its long-term effects on offspring remain uncertain. The safety of other peroral antidiabetics in pregnancy is less studied. Advancements in glucose monitoring and insulin administration present encouraging prospects for enhancing outcomes in women with diabetes types 1 and 2. Both HDP and diabetes during pregnancy necessitate vigilant management through a combination of lifestyle modifications, pharmacological interventions, and timely obstetric care. Although certain treatments such as low-dose aspirin and metformin show efficacy in risk reduction, further research is ongoing to ensure safety for both mothers and their offspring to reduce short- and long-term adverse effects. © 2024 The Author(s). Journal of Internal Medicine published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Association for Publication of The Journal of Internal Medicine.
Cardiovascular Risk Factor Management after Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with significantly increased risk of developing future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Obstetricians play a crucial role in CVD prevention for postpartum women and birthing people with HDP because they are primarily responsible for immediate postpartum management and can assist with care transitions to other health care practitioners for long-Term management of CVD risk factors. Standardized calculators can be used to evaluate long-Term CVD risk, which can help guide intensity of treatment. Emerging technologies such as remote blood pressure monitoring demonstrate promise for improving outcomes among patients with HDP. After HDP, all patients should be advised of their increased CVD risk. A plan should be made to initiate lifestyle modifications and antihypertensive therapy to achieve optimal blood pressure control with a target of lower than 130/80 mm Hg, assess lipids within 2-3 years of delivery, and evaluate for development of type 2 diabetes. Other CVD risk factors such as nicotine use should similarly be identified and addressed. In this review, we summarize the essential components of managing CVD risk after a pregnancy complicated by HDP, including blood pressure monitoring, risk stratification tools, and evidence-based lifestyle recommendations. © 2024 by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Development and validation of a nomogram for individualized prediction of spontaneous extremely preterm birth at < 28 weeks in twin pregnancy: a retrospective cohort study; Purpose: To develop a nomogram to predict spontaneous preterm birth at < 28 weeks in pregnant women with twin pregnancies. Methods: We retrospectively studied the medical records of twin-pregnancy women with asymptomatic cervical dilation or cervical shortening between December 2015 to February 2022 in two hospitals. Data from one center was used to develop the model and data from the other was used to evaluate the model. Results: A total of 270 twin pregnancies were enrolled in the study. We incorporated 4 items (cervical length, cervical dilation, C-reactive protein and the use of cerclage) to build the 28-week nomogram with satisfactory discrimination and calibration when applied to the validation sets. The C index for the 28-week nomogram in the development and external cohort was 0.88 (95% CI, 0.84–0.93) and 0.89 (95% CI, 0.80–0.98), respectively. The nomogram reached a sensitivity of 70.70%, specificity of 97.10%, positive predicted value of 95.61% and negative predicted value of 78.77%. Moreover, the decision curve analysis indicated that the nomogram showed positive clinical benefit. Conclusion: We developed and validated a nomogram with good performance in predicting individual risk of spontaneous preterm birth at < 28 in twin pregnancy. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2023.
Five-year risk of all-cause death and cardiovascular events in women with gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; Background:. The long-term impact of gestational complications on cardiovascular outcomes in women remains a subject of debate. Aim: To assess the 5-year risk of cardiovascular events and all-cause mortality in women with gestational diabetes and hypertension. Methods: Retrospective study utilising an health research network(TriNetX). The primary outcome was the composite risk of a cardiovascular event within 5 years with secondary outcomes being its components (all-cause death, acute heart failure, myocardial infarction, ischaemic stroke). Women were categorised into 8 different groups based on the ICD-codes for pregnancy related complications recorded 9 months before the delivery:1) gestational diabetes,2) gestational hypertension,3) gestational diabetes with gestational hypertension,4) gestational diabetes with gestational hypertension without pre-eclampsia or eclampsia,5) gestational diabetes with pre-eclampsia or eclampsia,6) gestational hypertension without pre-eclampsia or eclampsia,7) pre-eclampsia or eclampsia,and 8) no gestational complications. Cox-regression analyses were used to produce hazard ratios (HRs) and 95 % confidence intervals (CI) before and after propensity score matching (PSM). Results: We identified, 24,402 women with gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension and 920,478 without gestational complications. After PSM, compared to women without pregnancy complications, women with gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension had a higher 5-year risk of composite outcome(HR 2.25,95 %CI 2.02-2.51), all-cause death(HR 1.64,95 %CI 1.31-2.06), acute heart failure(HR 2.06,95 %CI 1.69-2.52), myocardial infarction(HR 2.46,95 %CI 1.93-3.14), and ischemic stroke(HR 2.37,95 %CI 2.06-2.74). Women who experienced pre-eclampsia or eclampsia showed the highest risk of primary and secondary outcomes. Conclusions: Gestational complications are associated with worse long-term cardiovascular outcomes. There is a clear call to action required to improve the longitudinal management of gestational complications to improve women's long-term health. © 2024 The Authors
The therapeutic potential of typical plant-derived compounds for the management of metabolic disorders; Obesity and Type 2 diabetes are prevalent metabolic dysfunctions that present significant health challenges worldwide. Available cures for these ailments have constraints with accompanying unwanted effects that persistently exist. Compounds originated from plants have recently been introduced as hopeful remedies to treat metabolic disorders because of their diverse pharmacological activities. This detailed observation gives an introduction into the treatment capacity of plant-derived compounds regarding metabolic syndromes while analyzing various groups alongside their performance in this field despite unique mechanisms designed by nature itself. Interestingly, this study provides some examples including curcumin, resveratrol, quercetin, berberine, epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG), and capsaicin, which highlights potential therapeutic impacts for future testing. However, current clinical trials inspecting human studies investigating efficacies concerning metabolism challenge present limitations. Finally, the review weighs up bad reactions possibly inflicted after administering plant-originated materials though suggestive insights will be provided later. Above all, it outlines the chance to identify novel therapies encapsulated within natural substances based upon recent developments could hold significant promise toward managing misplaced metabolisms globally. © 2024 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Pregnancy outcomes in patients complicated with pre-excitation syndrome; Introduction: Pregnant women with pre-excitation syndrome are more likely to develop supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) during pregnancy and delivery, leading to an increased risk of adverse events. Method: This was a retrospective study of 309 pregnancies in 280 women (29 women had two pregnancies in this series) with pre-excitation syndrome who delivered at West China Second University Hospital from June 2011 to October 2021. All the 309 pregnant women with pre-excitation syndrome were divided into SVT and non-SVT groups to analyze the cardiac and obstetric complications. Results: Among the included pregnant women in the past 10 years, the prevalence of pre-excitation syndrome was 0.24% (309/127725). There were 309 cases with pre-excitation syndrome in all hospitalized pregnant women. Among them, 62 (20.1%, 62/309) had a history of SVT. In the 62 cases with SVT during pregnancy, 22 (35.5%) cases had a history of SVT. Gestational diabetes mellitus was associated with SVT during pregnancy. The cesarean section rate was 88.7% in the SVT group, which was significantly higher than that in the non-SVT group (64.8%) (P < 0.001). Cases with SVT during pregnancy had more cardiac and obstetric complications. Four fetal deaths were recorded in the SVT group. Additionally, 29 women experienced two pregnancies during the study period, among whom, five received radiofrequency ablation after the first delivery and obtained better outcomes in the second pregnancy. Conclusion: The adverse outcomes such as cardiac complications, maternal and fetal complications (PROM, prematurity, SGA, fetal distress, etc.) in pregnant women with pre-excitation syndrome were closely related to SVT, with possible risk factors including history of SVT before pregnancy, cardiac function, heart organic abnormalities, and gestational diabetes mellitus. © The Author(s) 2024.
Temporal Trends in Clinical Characteristics and Outcomes for Peripartum Cardiomyopathy: The Nationwide Multicenter Registry Over 20 Years; BACKGROUND: Although peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a fatal disease affecting young patients and fetuses, little is known about its recent prognosis and risk factors. This study investigated temporal trends in clinical characteristics and outcomes for PPCM in a nationwide multicenter registry. METHODS AND RESULTS: The study population comprised 340 patients (mean age, 33 years) who were diagnosed with PPCM between January 2000 and September 2022 in 26 tertiary hospitals in South Korea. PPCM was defined as heart failure with left ventricular ejection fraction ≤45% and no previously known cardiac disease. The main study outcomes included time to the first occurrence of all-cause death, heart transplantation, and cardiovascular hospitalization. The diagnosis of PPCM cases increased notably during the study period (P<0.001). However, clinical outcomes showed no significant improvement (all-cause death for 10 years: 0.9% [2000–2010] versus 2.3% [2011–2022], P=0.450; all-cause death and heart transplantation for 10 years: 3.6% [2000–2010] versus 3.0% [2011–2022] P=0.520; all-cause death, heart transplantation, and cardiovascular hospitalization for 10 years: 11.7% [2000–2010] versus 19.8% [2011–2022], P=0.240). High body mass index (hazard ratio [HR], 1.106 [95% CI, 1.024–1.196]; P=0.011), the presence of gestational diabetes (HR, 5.346 [95% CI, 1.778–16.07]; P=0.002), and increased baseline left ventricular end-diastolic dimension (HR, 1.078 [95% CI, 1.002–1.159]; P=0.044) were significant risk factors for poor prognosis. CONCLUSIONS: While the incidence of PPCM has increased over the past 20 years, the prognosis has not improved significantly. Timely management and close follow-up are necessary for high-risk patients with PPCM with high body mass index, gestational diabetes, or large left ventricular end-diastolic dimension. © 2024 The Author(s).
Prenatal antidepressant use and risk of congenital malformations: A population-based cohort study; Previous studies examining antidepressants and congenital-malformations were primarily conducted in western countries, and many were constrained by important methodological limitations. This population-based study identified 465,069 women (including 1,705 redeemed ≥1 prescription of antidepressants during first-trimester) aged 15–50 years who delivered their first and singleton child between 2003 and 2018 in a predominantly-Chinese population in Hong Kong, using territory-wide medical-record database of public-healthcare services, and employed propensity-score fine-stratification-weighted logistic-regression analyses to evaluate risk of any major and organ/system-specific congenital-malformations following first-trimester exposure to antidepressants. Major malformation overall was not associated with any antidepressant (weighted-odds-ratio wOR, 0.88 [95 %CI, 0.44–1.76]), specific drug-class, or individual antidepressants. Exposure to any antidepressant was associated with increased risk of cardiac (wOR, 1.82 [95 %CI, 1.07–3.12]) and respiratory anomalies (wOR,4.11 [95 %CI, 1.61–10.45]). Exposure to selective-serotonin-reuptake-inhibitors (SSRI) and multiple-AD-classes were associated with respiratory and cardiac anomalies, respectively. However, these identified associations were not consistently affirmed across sensitivity analyses, precluding firm conclusion. Observed associations of specific cardiac defects with serotonin-norepinephrine-reuptake-inhibitors (SNRI), tricyclic-antidepressants (TCA) and multiple-AD-classes were noted with wide confidence-intervals, suggesting imprecise estimation. Overall, our findings suggest that first-trimester antidepressant exposure was not robustly associated with increased risk of congenital-malformations. Further research clarifying comparative safety of individual antidepressants on specific malformations is warranted. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.
Periconceptional Dietary Quality and Metabolic Syndrome at 3 Years Postpartum; BACKGROUND: The period around pregnancy is a critical window in the primordial prevention of cardiovascular disease, but little is known about the role of dietary patterns in cardiometabolic health. Our objective was to determine the association between alignment of periconceptional diet with the 2020 to 2025 Dietary Guidelines for Americans and the risk of metabolic syndrome. METHODS AND RESULTS: We used data from the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: monitoring mothers-to-Be Heart Health Study, a pregnancy cohort study that followed pregnant participants to a median of 3 years postpartum (n=4423). Usual dietary intake in the 3 months around conception was estimated from a Food Frequency Questionnaire. Alignment with the Dietary Guidelines was measured using the Healthy Eating Index-2020, where higher scores represent greater alignment. Postpartum metabolic syndrome was defined using the American Heart Association/National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute guideline. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome at 3 years postpartum was 20%. After adjusting for confounders, the prevalence of metabolic syndrome was flat up to a periconceptional Healthy Eating Index-2020 total score of ≈60, and then declined steeply as scores increased. Compared with a Healthy Eating Index-2020 score of 60, having scores of 70, 80, and 90 were associated with 2, 4, and 7 fewer cases of metabolic syndrome per 100 individuals, respectively (prevalence differences: −0.02 [95% CI, −0.03, 0]; −0.04 [−0.08, −0.1]; −0.07 [−0.13, −0.02]). CONCLUSIONS: Dietary interventions around conception and systems-level changes to support high diet quality may be important for improving postpartum cardiometabolic health, and helping to reverse or slow the decline in women’s cardiometabolic health. © 2024 The Author(s).
All Children Deserve to Be Safe, Mothers Too: Evidence and Rationale Supporting Continuous Glucose Monitoring Use in Gestational Diabetes Within the Medicaid Population; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common metabolic disease of pregnancy that threatens the health of several million women and their offspring. The highest prevalence of GDM is seen in women of low socioeconomic status. Women with GDM are at increased risk of adverse maternal outcomes, including increased rates of Cesarean section delivery, preeclampsia, perineal tears, and postpartum hemorrhage. However, of even greater concern is the increased risk to the fetus and long-term health of the child due to elevated glycemia during pregnancy. Although the use of continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) has been shown to reduce the incidence of maternal and fetal complications in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes, most state Medicaid programs do not cover CGM for women with GDM. This article reviews current statistics relevant to the incidence and costs of GDM among Medicaid beneficiaries, summarizes key findings from pregnancy studies using CGM, and presents a rationale for expanding and standardizing CGM coverage for GDM within state Medicaid populations. © 2023 Diabetes Technology Society.
Pregnancy in patients with the Fontan operation; Improved survival rates for patients with a Fontan circulation has allowed more women with this complex cardiac physiology to contemplate pregnancy. However, pregnancy in women with a Fontan circulation is associated with a high risk of adverse maternal and foetal outcomes, high rates of miscarriage, and preterm delivery. Factors associated with a successful pregnancy outcome are younger age, normal body weight, absence of significant functional limitation, no Fontan-related complications, and well-functioning single ventricle physiology. Appropriate care with timely preconception counselling and regular, frequent clinical reviews by a multidisciplinary team based at a tertiary centre improves the chance of a successful pregnancy. Empowerment of patients with education on their specific congenital cardiac condition and its projected trajectory helps them make informed choices regarding their health, reproductive choices, and assists them to achieve their life goals. © The Author(s) 2024. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Cardiology. All rights reserved.
Optimizing metformin therapy in practice: Tailoring therapy in specific patient groups to improve tolerability, efficacy and outcomes; Metformin is the first-line medication for type 2 diabetes. It is effective and safe, provided some caution is taken in specific populations. In patients with chronic kidney disease, metformin may provide long-term benefits, and it is a first-line therapy for diabetes, but the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) must be assessed regularly, to minimize the risk for metformin accumulation. When eGFR is 30-60 mL/min/1.73m2, the dose should be reconsidered, and sick-days education provided. Metformin should be discontinued when eGFR falls below 30 mL/min/1.73m2. Metformin accumulation may increase the risk for lactic acidosis if concomitant risk factors for hyperlactataemia (liver or respiratory insufficiency, sepsis, acute heart failure) are present; in these conditions, metformin is contraindicated, even although the available evidence is reassuring. Patients on metformin often complain of gastrointestinal side effects (mainly diarrhoea and nausea) during therapy initiation, but they may sometimes occur after years of stable therapy. These usually resolve if the dose is carefully titrated, or by switching to the extended-release formulation. Patients with obesity may benefit from the significant, although modest, metformin-associated weight loss and appetite reduction. During pregnancy, metformin is associated with a reduction of pregnancy complications, especially in obese women, but some concern remains, because metformin crosses the placenta, and it is associated with a significantly lower mean birth weight than insulin. In the elderly, gastrointestinal tolerability and renal function must be reassessed more often. Vitamin B-12 should be screened regularly in long-time metformin users because metformin may induce clinical vitamin B-12 deficiency. © 2024 The Author(s). Diabetes, Obesity and Metabolism published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Tocolytic treatment and maternal characteristics, obstetric outcomes, and offspring childhood outcomes among births at and after 37 weeks of gestation: the Japan environment and children’s study; Purpose: To evaluate differences in maternal characteristics and obstetric and offspring childhood outcomes between births at and after 37 weeks of gestation (referred to as term and post-term births) according to the use of tocolytic treatment. Methods: Data for 63,409 women with singleton births at and after 37 weeks of gestation were analyzed using data from the Japan Environment and Children’s Study (JECS). We compared maternal characteristics, obstetric outcomes, and offspring childhood outcomes between term and post-term births exposed and not exposed to tocolytic treatment. Additionally, multivariable logistic regression models were used to calculate adjusted odds ratios for offspring childhood outcomes with significant between-group differences in the univariable analysis, with term and post-term births without tocolytic agents as the reference group. Results: We observed differences in maternal characteristics and obstetric outcomes between term and post-term births exposed and not exposed to tocolytic treatment. The incidence of offspring childhood developmental disorders showed no significant between-group differences. However, participants exposed to tocolytic agents had higher incidence of offspring childhood allergic disorders. The adjusted odds ratio for any of the offspring childhood allergic disorders in term and post-term births with tocolytic agents was 1.08 (95% confidence interval, 1.03–1.13). Conclusion: This study found no significant difference in the incidence of offspring developmental disorders between term and post-term births exposed and not exposed to tocolytic treatment. However, tocolytic treatment was associated with differences in maternal characteristics and obstetric outcomes, along with a marginal increase in the incidence of childhood allergic disorders in offspring. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2023.
Subclinical Metabolic and Cardiovascular Factors and Brain White Matter Microstructural Integrity in Young Women; Women who have experienced pregnancy complications, specifically preeclampsia and gestational diabetes, have well documented increased risks of cardiovascular, metabolic, and neurological disease later in life. This study examined how specific cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors for preeclampsia assessed in a non-pregnant state were associated with brain white matter microstructural integrity. This study examined sixty-two healthy women (mean age 31 ± 5 years) who received metabolic and cardiovascular assessments as well as multiple modality MRI imaging. Participants were either nulliparous (n = 31) or had a history of preterm preeclampsia (n = 31). Imaging included acquisition Diffusion Tensor Imaging (DTI) to assess white matter integrity within the brain. We hypothesized that healthy, young, non-pregnant women with cardiovascular and metabolic profiles suggesting elevated risk would have decreased white matter integrity, represented by lower Fractional Anisotropy (FA) and increased Mean Diffusivity (MD) estimates in the posterior cortical areas of the brain. We observed increased white matter degradation (lower FA and increased MD) in posterior and occipital tracts, commissural fibers, and subcortical structures in women with increased adiposity, worse measures of cardiovascular and metabolic function, including greater insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), hyperlipidemia, elevated blood pressure, and increased arterial stiffness. The relationships detected between subclinical cardiovascular and metabolic phenotypes and increased white matter disruption at a young age, outside of pregnancy, are indicative that adverse changes are detectable long before cognitive clinical presentation. This may suggest that many of the long-term cardiovascular and metabolic risks of aging are influenced by physiologic aging trajectories rather than damage caused by pregnancy complications. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Society for Reproductive Investigation 2024.
Lipid metabolism during pregnancy: Consequences for mother and child; Purpose of reviewAccommodating fetal growth and development, women undergo multiple physiological changes during pregnancy. In recent years, several studies contributed to the accumulating evidence about the impact of gestational hyperlipidemia on cardiovascular risk for mother and child. This review aims to provide a comprehensive overview of the current research on lipid profile alterations during pregnancy and its associated (cardiovascular) outcomes for mother and child from a clinical perspective.Recent findingsIn a normal pregnancy, total and LDL-cholesterol levels increase by approximately 30-50%, HDL-cholesterol by 20-40%, and triglycerides by 50-100%. In some women, for example, with familial hypercholesterolemia (FH), a more atherogenic lipid profile is observed. Dyslipidemia during pregnancy is found to be associated with adverse (cardiovascular) outcomes for the mother (e.g. preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, metabolic syndrome, unfavorable lipid profile) and for the child (e.g. preterm birth, large for gestational age, preatherosclerotic lesions, unfavorable lipid profile).SummaryThe lipid profile of women during pregnancy provides a unique window of opportunity into the potential future cardiovascular risk for mother and child. Better knowledge about adverse outcomes and specific risk groups could lead to better risk assessment and earlier cardiovascular prevention. Future research should investigate implementation of gestational screening possibilities. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Management of Ebstein Anomaly in the Current Era: The Story of One Fetus and the Collaboration of Many—A Case Report; Collaborative multicenter research has significantly increased our understanding of fetal Ebstein anomaly, delineating risk factors for adverse outcomes as well as predictors of postnatal management. These data are incorporated into prenatal care and therapeutic strategies and inform family counseling and delivery planning to optimize care. This report details the translation of findings from multicenter studies into multidisciplinary prenatal care for a fetus with Ebstein anomaly, supraventricular tachycardia, and a circular shunt, including transplacental therapy to control arrhythmias and achieve ductal constriction, informed and coordinated delivery room management, and planned univentricular surgical palliation. © 2024 by the authors.
Is Faster Better? Relationships of Cesarean Acuity with Risk of Low Apgar Scores and Fetal Acidemia; Objective  Timely response to obstetrical emergencies is highly desired. The recommendation for decision-to-incision (DTI) time in cesarean delivery (CD) of not more than 30 minutes was issued to prevent neonatal hypoxic-ischemic morbidities. We analyzed the efficiency with which an institutional-specific CD acuity classification system (emergent case: target DTI ≤ 15 minutes; urgent case: target DTI ≤ 30 minutes) reflected in the actual DTI time, Apgar scores, and newborn acid-base status. Study Design  Data on all 610 cesarean sections (CSs) performed over a 14-month period at a tertiary medical center were retrospectively extracted. Cases grouped by target DTI time categories were compared for proportions in low Agar scores and fetal acidosis. Multivariable regression was used to identify clinical variables associated with the need for neonatal resuscitation. Results  During the study period, 60 (10%) of CSs were emergent, 296 (49%) urgent, and 254 (41%) elective. The target DTI ≤ 15 minutes was achieved in 68% of emergent CSs with 93% having a DTI ≤ 30 minutes. Among urgent surgeries, the target DTI ≤ 30 minutes was reached in 48% of cases with 83% having DTI ≤ 45 minutes. Compared with both urgent and scheduled procedures the incidence of newborn acidosis and Apgar scores ≤4 and ≤7 was the highest among emergent CSs. The proportion of moderate and severe acidosis for deliveries with DTI ≤ 15 minutes was significantly higher compared with procedures with DTI 16 to 30 and >30 minutes. The need for neonatal resuscitation, including intubation, was independently associated with fetal acidosis, low gestational age, surgery acuity level, general anesthesia, but not with the actual DTI time. Conclusion  Adherence to tight DTI time targets is pragmatically difficult. The need for neonatal resuscitation varies with the acuity of the procedure but not with the actual DTI interval, implying that within certain time limits, the indication for surgery plays a greater role in the status of the newborn than the speed of the CS. Key Points Adherence to prespecified DTI times for cesarean is pragmatically difficult. Emergent CS had the highest proportion of newborns with acidosis and low Apgar scores despite shorter DTI. The need for neonatal resuscitation associated with fetal acidemia, prematurity and general anesthesia. © 2024 Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Intracranial calcifications simulating Aicardi-Goutières syndrome in PARS2-related mitochondrial disease; PARS2 encodes an aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase that catalyzes the ligation of proline to mitochondrial prolyl-tRNA molecules. Diseases associated with PARS2 primarily affect the central nervous system, causing early infantile developmental epileptic encephalopathies (EIDEE; DEE75; MIM #618437) with infantile-onset neurodegeneration. Dilated cardiomyopathy has also been reported in the affected individuals. About 10 individuals to date have been described with pathogenic biallelic variants in PARS2. While many of the reported individuals succumbed to the disease in the first two decades of life, autopsy findings have not yet been reported. Here, we describe neuropathological findings in a deceased male with evidence of intracranial calcifications in the basal ganglia, thalamus, cerebellum, and white matter, similar to Aicardi-Goutières syndrome. This report describes detailed autopsy findings in a child with PARS2-related mitochondrial disease and provides plausible evidence that intracranial calcifications may be a previously unrecognized feature of this disorder. © 2024 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Harnessing human microbiomes for disease prediction; The human microbiome has been increasingly recognized as having potential use for disease prediction. Predicting the risk, progression, and severity of diseases holds promise to transform clinical practice, empower patient decisions, and reduce the burden of various common diseases, as has been demonstrated for cardiovascular disease or breast cancer. Combining multiple modifiable and non-modifiable risk factors, including high-dimensional genomic data, has been traditionally favored, but few studies have incorporated the human microbiome into models for predicting the prospective risk of disease. Here, we review research into the use of the human microbiome for disease prediction with a particular focus on prospective studies as well as the modulation and engineering of the microbiome as a therapeutic strategy. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Risk factors of neonatal stroke from different origins: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Given the persistent ambiguity regarding the etiology of neonatal stroke across diverse origins, our objective was to conduct a comprehensive evaluation of both qualitative and quantitative risk factors. An exhaustive search of eight databases was executed to amass all pertinent observational studies concerning risk factors for neonatal stroke from various origins. Subsequent to independent screening, data extraction, and bias assessment by two researchers, a meta-analysis was conducted utilizing RevMan and Stata software. Nineteen studies, encompassing a total of 30 factors, were incorporated into this analysis. Beyond established risk factors, our investigation unveiled gestational diabetes (OR, 5.51; P < 0.00001), a history of infertility (OR, 2.44; P < 0.05), placenta previa (OR, 3.92; P = 0.02), postdates (OR, 2.07; P = 0.01), preterm labor (OR, 2.32; P < 0.00001), premature rupture of membranes (OR, 3.02; P = 0.007), a prolonged second stage of labor (OR, 3.94; P < 0.00001), and chorioamnionitis (OR, 4.35; P < 0.00001) as potential risk factors for neonatal cerebral arterial ischemic stroke. Additionally, postdates (OR, 4.31; P = 0.003), preterm labor (OR, 1.60; P < 0.00001), an abnormal CTG tracing (OR, 9.32; P < 0.0001), cesarean section (OR, 4.29; P = 0.0004), male gender (OR, 1.73; P = 0.02), and vaginal delivery (OR, 1.39; P < 0.00001) were associated with an elevated risk for neonatal hemorrhagic stroke. Conclusions: This study provides a succinct overview and comparative analysis of maternal, perinatal, and additional risk factors associated with neonatal cerebral artery ischemic stroke and neonatal hemorrhagic stroke, furnishing critical insights for healthcare practitioners involved in the diagnosis and prevention of neonatal stroke. This research also broadens the conceptual framework for future investigations. (Table presented.). © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.
Severe Maternal Morbidity among Low-Income Patients with Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy; Objective Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) contribute significantly to the development of severe maternal morbidities (SMM), particularly among low-income women. The purpose of the study was to explore the relationship between maternal characteristics and SMM, and to investigate if differences in SMM exist among patients with HDP diagnosis. Study Design This study utilized 2017 Alabama Medicaid administrative claims. SMM diagnoses were captured using the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's classification by International Classification of Diseases codes. Maternal characteristics and frequencies were compared using Chi-square and Cramer's V statistics. Logistic regression analyses were conducted to examine multivariable relationships between maternal characteristics and SMM among patients with HDP diagnosis. Odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were used to estimate risk. Results A higher proportion of patients experiencing SMM were >34 years old, Black, Medicaid for Low-Income Families eligible, lived in a county with greater Medicaid enrollment, and entered prenatal care (PNC) in the first trimester compared with those without SMM. Almost half of patients (46.2%) with SMM had a HDP diagnosis. After controlling for maternal characteristics, HDP, maternal age, county Medicaid enrollment, and trimester PNC entry were not associated with SMM risk. However, Black patients with HDP were at increased risk for SMM compared with White patients with HDP when other factors were taken into account (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] = 1.37, 95% CI: 1.11-1.69). Patients with HDP and SMM were more likely to have a prenatal hospitalization (aOR = 1.45, 95% CI: 1.20-1.76), emergency visit (aOR = 1.30, 95% CI: 1.07-1.57), and postpartum cardiovascular prescription (aOR = 2.43, 95% CI: 1.95-3.04). Conclusion Rates of SMM differed by age, race, Medicaid income eligibility, and county Medicaid enrollment but were highest among patients with clinical comorbidities, especially HDP. However, among patients with HDP, Black patients had an elevated risk of severe morbidity even after controlling for other characteristics. Key Points Patients with SMM were more likely to have a HDP diagnosis. Among those with HDP, Black patients had elevated risk of SMM. Differences in care delivery did not explain SMM disparities. © 2024 Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Maternal Morbidity Risk Factors in Nulliparas; Objective For every incidence of maternal mortality, maternal morbidity is thought to occur in another 50 to 100 individuals in the United States. Multiple risk factors for severe maternal morbidity have been identified, but counseling about specific risk in pregnancy remains difficult, particularly nulliparous individuals as prior obstetric history is one of the factors influencing risk for severe maternal morbidity. The objective of this study is to examine the association between sociodemographic and laboratory assessments in the first trimester and maternal morbidity in nulliparas. Study Design  This was a secondary analysis of a large, multicenter prospective observational cohort of nulliparas. The primary maternal outcome was a composite of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), hemorrhage (transfusion, hemorrhage, hysterectomy, other surgery, readmission for bleeding), infection (endometritis, wound infection or dehiscence, pneumonia, sepsis, infection during labor and delivery, readmission for infection through day 14), venous thromboembolic events (VTE) (deep venous thrombosis, or pulmonary embolus), or maternal death within 14 days of delivery. Sociodemographic and clinical factors were compared between people with and without maternal morbidity. Relative risk and 95% confidence interval for maternal morbidity was calculated using log-binomial regression, adjusted for baseline characteristics that had a significant independent relationship with maternal morbidity with a p -value <0.05. Results  Of 9,445 pregnant people in the analysis, 18.2% (n = 1,716) experienced the composite maternal morbidity; the most common component was HDP (13.1%, n = 1,244) followed by infection (4.43%, n = 420), hemorrhage (2.27%, n = 215), VTE (0.12%, n = 11), and death (0.01%, n = 1). In a multivariable model, self-identified Black race, first trimester obesity, pregestational diabetes, chronic hypertension, and chronic kidney disease were significantly associated with the primary maternal outcome. Conclusion  More than one in six nulliparas experienced the composite maternal morbidities. Maternal morbidity was associated with self-identified Black race, obesity, and multiple preexisting medical comorbidities. © 2023. Thieme. All rights reserved.
Bone morphogenetic protein 10, a rising star in the field of diabetes and cardiovascular disease; Early research suggested that bone morphogenetic protein 10 (BMP10) is primarily involved in cardiac development and congenital heart disease processes. BMP10 is a newly identified cardiac-specific protein. In recent years, reports have emphasized the effects of BMP10 on myocardial apoptosis, fibrosis and immune response, as well as its synergistic effects with BMP9 in vascular endothelium and role in endothelial dysfunction. We believe that concentrating on this aspect of the study will enhance our knowledge of the pathogenesis of diabetes and the cardiovascular field. However, there have been no reports of any reviews discussing the role of BMP10 in diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In addition, the exact pathogenesis of diabetic cardiomyopathy is not fully understood, including myocardial energy metabolism disorders, microvascular changes, abnormal apoptosis of cardiomyocytes, collagen structural changes and myocardial fibrosis, all of which cause cardiac function impairment directly or indirectly and interact with one another. This review summarizes the research results of BMP10 in cardiac development, endothelial function and cardiovascular disease in an effort to generate new ideas for future research into diabetic cardiomyopathy. © 2024 The Authors. Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine published by Foundation for Cellular and Molecular Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Birth outcomes associated with a natural delivery approach in a perinatal center: A comparative retrospective study; Objectives: At our center, natural home-like delivery settings have been established in or near conventional labor wards, for the care of pregnant women who prefer little or no medical intervention during labor and birth. We compared obstetrical and neonatal outcomes of women in active spontaneous labor, between those who chose to deliver in a natural-delivery setup and those who chose a conventional setting. Methods: This retrospective study included low-risk women who delivered at term between March 1, 2020 and December 31, 2022, in a single tertiary university affiliated medical center. Birth outcomes were compared between 124 women who delivered by natural birth (the study group) and 244 who gave birth in a conventional setting (the control group). Results: No cesarean deliveries were performed in the study group, compared to 18 (7.4%) of the control group, p = 0.004. Intrapartum fever, postpartum hemorrhage, and uterotonic administration were similar between the groups. For the study compared to the control group, breastfeeding was more common (71.3% vs. 12.3%, p < 0.001), analgesia administration within 48 h delivery was lower (4.1% vs. 10.7%, p = 0.033), and maternal and neonatal length of hospitalization were shorter. Of the women initially admitted to the natural-delivery room, 14 (11.5%) were transferred to a conventional-delivery room. Conclusions: Birth in a hospital natural-delivery setting was associated with increased likelihood of vaginal birth, increased immediate breastfeeding and breastfeeding at discharge, and lower postpartum pain. © 2024 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
New Roles for Albumin/Globulin Ratio in the Early-Onset Hyperbilirubinemia among Infants Born Weighing 1,000 to 2,499 Grams; Introduction: Early-onset hyperbilirubinemia (EOH) is a clinical issue for premature infants. We predicted that EOH management would be improved by fast results from common laboratory tests. Total serum bilirubin (TSB) level and the albumin/globulin ratio may contribute to improving the management of EOH. Objective: The aim of the study is to examine the relationship between EOH and perinatal variables among infants born weighing 1,000 to 2,499 g. Study Designs: A single center study was undertaken at Ohta Nishinouchi Hospital between April 1, 2016 and January 31, 2022, using blood samples prospectively collected from infants admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit that were assessed by univariate analyses and multivariate logistic regression analysis. Due to a correlation between gestational age (GA) and birth weight (BW), each variable was entered separately into Model 1 (including GA) and 2 (including BW). Results: A total of 508 infants were analyzed (270 in the non EOH group and 238 in the EOH group). No infants experienced feto-maternal transfusion syndrome or hemolytic diseases such as blood type (ABO or Rh) incompatibility or glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency during perinatal period. Significant relationships were observed between EOH and BW (p <0.01, odds ratio [OR], 0.997; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.996-0.997), albumin (p <0.01, OR, 0.278; 95% CI, 0.129-0.599), albumin/globulin ratio (p <0.01, OR, 2.695; 95% CI, 1.378-5.270), TSB (p <0.01, OR, 2.774; 95% CI, 1.795-4.287), and antenatal corticoid therapy (p = 0.02, OR, 1.852; 95% CI, 1.108-3.097) in Model 2. Per receiver operating characteristic curves, an albumin/globulin ratio of 1.84 could predict EOH at a sensitivity of 50.0% and specificity of 75.6% (AUC = 0.652, p <0.01, 95% CI, 0.603-0.700). Conclusion: Albumin/globulin ratio among infants born weighing 1,000 to 2,499 g may be a useful indicator of EOH.  © 2022. Thieme. All rights reserved.
Detection and Intervention: Use of Continuous Glucose Monitoring in the Early Stages of Type 2 Diabetes; The term “prediabetes” has been used to identify the state of abnormal glucose homeostasis (dysglycemia) that often leads to the development of clinical type 2 diabetes. However, this term does not describe the cellular changes that are already taking place in individuals with elevated glucose levels. This article describes our approach to detecting early dysglycemia using continuous glucose monitoring and explains how this approach can be integrated into clinical practice settings. © 2024 by the American Diabetes Association.
Early postpartum blood pressure screening is associated with increased detection of cardiovascular risk factors in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; Background: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), including gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and eclampsia, are risk factors for cardiovascular (CV) disease. Guidelines recommend that women with HDP be screened for the development of hypertension (HTN) within 6-12 months postpartum. However, the extent to which this early blood pressure (BP) screening is being performed and the impact on detection of CV risk factors is unknown. Methods: Women with HDP and without pre-existing hypertension (HTN) who had at least 6 months of clinical follow-up were categorized by postpartum BP screening status: early BP screen (6-12 months after delivery) or late BP screen (≥12 months after delivery). Multivariable logistic regression identified factors associated with early screening. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards modeling examined the association between early screening and detection of incident CV risk factors: HTN, prediabetes, diabetes mellitus type 2, or hyperlipidemia. Results: Among 4194 women with HDP, 1172 (28%) received early BP screening. Older age, pre-existing hyperlipidemia, diabetes, sickle cell disease, hypothyroidism, gestational diabetes, and delivery during or after 2014 were independently associated with early BP screening, whereas Hispanic ethnicity was associated with late BP screening. Early BP screening was most commonly performed at a primary care visit. After a median follow-up of 3.7 years, 1012 (24%) women had at least 1 new risk factor detected. Even after adjustment for baseline risk, women receiving early BP screening had a significantly higher rate of incident CV risk factor detection than women receiving late BP screening (56% vs 28%; adj. HR 2.70, 95%CI: 2.33-3.23, P < .001). Conclusions: Early postpartum BP screening was performed in a minority of women with HDP, but was associated with greater detection of CV risk factors. More intensive postpartum CV screening and targeted interventions are needed to optimize CV health in this high-risk population of women with HDP. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.
Improvements in Maternal Cardiovascular Health Over the Perinatal Period Longitudinally Predict Lower Postpartum Psychological Distress Among Individuals Who Began Their Pregnancies With Overweight or Obesity; BACKGROUND: Adverse cardiovascular events during pregnancy (eg, preeclampsia) occur at higher rates among individuals with overweight or obesity (body mass index ≥25 kg/m2) and have been associated with postpartum depression. The present study examined whether changes in cardiovascular health (CVH) during the perinatal period, as defined by the American Heart Association’s Life’s Essential 8 framework, predicted postpartum psychological functioning among individuals with prepregnancy body mass index ≥25 kg/m2. METHODS AND RESULTS: Pregnant individuals (N = 226; mean ± SD age = 28.43 ± 5.4 years; mean body mass index = 34.17 ± 7.15 kg/ m2) were recruited at 12 to 20 weeks of gestation (mean, 15.64 ± 2.45 weeks) for a longitudinal study of health and well-being. Participants completed ratings of depression and perceived stress and reported on CVH behaviors (dietary intake, physical activity, nicotine exposure, and sleep) at baseline and at 6 months postpartum. Body mass index and CVH behaviors were used to calculate a composite CVH score at both time points. Linear regression analyses were performed to examine whether change in CVH related to postpartum symptom scores. Because sleep was measured in only a subset of participants (n = 114), analyses were conducted with and without sleep. Improved CVH was associated with lower postpartum depression (β = −0.18, P<0.01) and perceived stress (β = −0.13, P=0.02) scores. However, when including sleep, these relationships were no longer significant (all P>0.4). CONCLUSIONS: Improvements in CVH from early pregnancy to 6 months postpartum were associated with lower postpartum depressive symptoms and perceived stress but not when including sleep in the CVH metric, potentially due to the large reduction in sample size. These data suggest that intervening during pregnancy to promote CVH may improve postpartum psychological functioning among high-risk individuals. © 2024 The Authors.
Changes in PM2.5-related diabetes risk under the implementation of the clean air act in Shanghai; Objectives: We examined the associations between PM2.5 exposure and Type 2 diabetes mellitus risk under the implementation of the Clean Air Act (CAA) among high-risk population for diabetes in Shanghai. Methods: A total of 10,499 subjects from the Shanghai High-Risk Diabetic Screen (SHiDS) project between 2002 and 2018, linked with remotely sensed PM2.5 concentrations, were enrolled in this study. Ordinary least squares and logistic regression were applied to explore associations between PM2.5 and diabetes risk in various exposure periods. Results: In year 2002–2013 (before CAA), the diabetes risk increased 7.5 % (95 % CI: 1.018–1.137), 8.0 % (95 % CI: 1.022–1.142) and 7.9 % (95 % CI: 1.021–1.141) under each 10 μg/m3 increase of long-term (1, 2 and 3 years) PM2.5 exposure, respectively. Elevated PM2.5 exposure were also associated with a significant increase in glycemic parameters before CAA implementation. However, in the year 2014–2018 (after CAA), the associations between PM2.5 exposure and diabetes risk were not significant after controlling for potential confounders. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that long-term and high-level exposure to PM2.5 was associated with increased prevalence of diabetes. Moreover, the implementation of CAA might ameliorate PM2.5-related diabetes risk. © 2024
Health impacts of new-onset diabetes in women post-gestational diabetes mellitus: Insights from Hong Kong's territory-wide data; Aims/Introduction: To determine the population health burden attributable to the development of diabetes among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Materials and Methods: We conducted a retrospective analysis of women with a history of GDM attending the Hong Kong Hospital Authority between 2000 and 2019. The time-varying population attributable fraction was calculated. Results: A total of 76,181 women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus were included, 6,606 of them developed diabetes during a median follow-up of 8.6 years. The respective hazard ratios (95% confidence interval) among women with GDM who developed diabetes vs those with GDM only were 2.8 (2.2, 3.7) for cardiovascular disease (CVD), 4.8 (3.0, 7.7) for end-stage kidney disease (ESKD), 2.2 (1.9, 2.6) for infection-related hospitalization, and 1.8 (1.3, 2.4) for all-cause mortality. The development of diabetes was associated with 1.3 (0.8, 1.7), 0.6 (0.3, 0.8), 3.2 (2.4, 4.0), and 0.5 (0.2, 0.9) additional incident cases per 1,000 person-years, accounting for 24.0% (13.2%, 35.9%), 42.0% (22.5%, 58.8%), 10.8% (7.1%, 14.9%), and 6.0% (−3.1%, 16.1%) of absolute number of CVD, ESKD, infection-related hospitalization, and all-cause mortality over 20 years after GDM, respectively. Conclusions: Diabetes is a significant contributor to the population health burden of some clinical outcomes in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, but other risk factors need to be considered. © 2024 The Authors. Journal of Diabetes Investigation published by Asian Association for the Study of Diabetes (AASD) and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
A Mathematical Model of Social Interaction between the Sufferers of Cardiovascular and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Type 2 diabetes mellitus is a non-communicable medical condition that is most commonly suffered in compare to type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes, or diabetes that is caused by pathogen or disorders. The other important non-communicable medical condition is cardiovascular disease that occurs due to impaired blood circulation in the heart and blood vessels. The unhealthy lifestyle behaviors that mainly influenced by social interactions play an important role to increase the number of prevalence for those diseases. In this paper, we consider a mathematical model of the social interactions effects to the sufferers of the cardiovascular and type 2 diabetes mellitus diseases. We separate the population to five sub populations, i.e., individuals with normal weight, individuals who have obesity, individuals with cardiovascular disease only, individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus disease only, and individuals with both cardiovascular and type 2 diabetes mellitus diseases. By using linear analysis and bifurcation theory, we determine the steady state conditions analytically and show some scenarios for the population based on variation of the parameters value numerically. © 2024 Published by Indonesian Biomathematical Society.
Cord Blood Cell-Free DNA Concentration: A Novel Marker for Neonatal Wellbeing; Objective Cord gas values and Apgar scores, currently used as markers for newborn wellbeing and postpartum complications, provide rough estimates, and their use remains elusive. Circulating cell-free DNA (cfDNA) may better represent newborn status at birth and the effect of parturition on the fetus. This pilot study investigates the association between cord blood (CB) cfDNA and neonatal outcomes. Study Design In a prospective cohort study, cfDNA concentration was measured in immediately following delivery collected CB sera of newborns using our rapid fluorescent assay. Results During the study period, blood samples from umbilical cords of 100 newborns were collected. Vaginal delivery was associated with a higher median CB cfDNA than cesarean delivery (277 [95% confidence interval [CI] 199-377] vs. 100 [95% CI 43-265] ng/mL, p < 0.01). cfDNA levels were significantly associated with gestational age at delivery (rho = 0.308, p = 0.002) and CB base deficit (BD, r = 0.252, p = 0.017). According to maternal and fetal complications, CB cfDNA was elevated in fetuses with category II of heart rate tracing (p < 0.05), with maternal positive vaginal culture (p < 0.01), and with premature rupture of membranes (PROM, p < 0.001). Logistic regression models of CB cfDNA fourth quartiles demostrate a double odds ratio for elevated BD (>3mmol/L) and for worse heart rate tracing category. Conclusion Serum CB cfDNA concentration reflects the newborn's status and hazards with an excellent association with CB BD, fetal heart rate category, and maternal risk factors for infection (positive vaginal culture and PROM). This preliminary observation suggests that cfDNA can serve as a point of care biomarker for newborn status at the time of delivery. Key Points CB cfDNA levels correlated with newborn's BD. CB cfDNA levels reflect parturition stress and inflammation. cfDNA serve as a diagnostic and prediction tool for the identification of newborns at risk for morbidity. © 2024 Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Exploring Maternal Diet-Epigenetic-Gut Microbiome Crosstalk as an Intervention Strategy to Counter Early Obesity Programming; Alterations in a mother’s metabolism and endocrine system, due to unbalanced nutrition, may increase the risk of both metabolic and non-metabolic disorders in the offspring’s childhood and adulthood. The risk of obesity in the offspring can be determined by the interplay between maternal nutrition and lifestyle, intrauterine environment, epigenetic modifications, and early postnatal factors. Several studies have indicated that the fetal bowel begins to colonize before birth and that, during birth and nursing, the gut microbiota continues to change. The mother’s gut microbiota is primarily transferred to the fetus through maternal nutrition and the environment. In this way, it is able to impact the establishment of the early fetal and neonatal microbiome, resulting in epigenetic signatures that can possibly predispose the offspring to the development of obesity in later life. However, antioxidants and exercise in the mother have been shown to improve the offspring’s metabolism, with improvements in leptin, triglycerides, adiponectin, and insulin resistance, as well as in the fetal birth weight through epigenetic mechanisms. Therefore, in this extensive literature review, we aimed to investigate the relationship between maternal diet, epigenetics, and gut microbiota in order to expand on current knowledge and identify novel potential preventative strategies for lowering the risk of obesity in children and adults. © 2024 by the authors.
Maternal and long-term offspring outcomes of obesity during pregnancy; Purpose: Obesity`s prevalence is rising in women of reproductive age worldwide and has become the most common medical condition at this age group. Besides, its occurrence is also rising during pregnancy. This condition not only increases the risk of noncommunicable diseases on the mother, such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes, but also transfers this risk to the offspring. Methods: This is a narrative review based on scientific and review articles on the matter. Results: Obesity is associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, venous thromboembolism, infection, and mental health problems. Furthermore, it has an impact on the progress of labor and induction matters. Regarding offspring outcomes, it is related to higher incidence of congenital anomalies, perinatal mortality, and the occurrence of large for gestational age newborns. Still, it has implications on cardiometabolic risk and neurodevelopment in offspring. Conclusion: It is, therefore, imperative to encourage the adoption of healthy lifestyles, especially in the peri-conception and interpregnancy periods. Likewise, there must be support in the multidisciplinary monitoring of these pregnant women to minimize associated complication rates. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.
Trends in cause-specific mortality among people with type 2 and type 1 diabetes from 2002 to 2019: a Danish population-based study; Background: Despite advances in primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease, excess mortality persists within the diabetes population. This study explores the components of this excess mortality and their interaction with sex. Methods: Using Danish registries (2002–2019), we identified residents aged 18–99 years, their diabetes status, and recorded causes of death. Applying Lexis-based methods, we computed age-standardized mortality rates (asMRs), mortality relative risks (asMRRs), and log-linear trends for cause-specific mortality. Findings: From 2002 to 2019, 958,278 individuals died in Denmark (T2D: 148,620; T1D: 7830) during 84.4 M person-years. During the study period, overall asMRs declined, driven by reducing cardiovascular mortality, notably in men with T2D. Conversely, cancer mortality remained high, making cancer the leading cause of death in individuals with T2D. Individuals with T2D faced an elevated mortality risk from nearly all cancer types, ranging from 9% to 257% compared to their non-diabetic counterparts. Notably, obesity-related cancers exhibited the highest relative risks: liver cancer (Men: asMRR 3.58 (3.28; 3.91); Women: asMRR 2.49 (2.14; 2.89)), pancreatic cancer (Men: asMRR 3.50 (3.25; 3.77); Women: asMRR 3.57 (3.31; 3.85)), and kidney cancer (Men: asMRR 2.10 (1.84; 2.40); Women: asMRR 2.31 (1.92; 2.79)). In men with type 2 diabetes, excess mortality remained stable, except for dementia. In women, diabetes-related excess mortality increased by 6–17% per decade across all causes of death, except cardiovascular disease. Interpretation: In the last decade, cancer has emerged as the leading cause of death among individuals with T2D in Denmark, emphasizing the need for diabetes management strategies incorporating cancer prevention. A sex-specific approach is crucial to address persistently higher relative mortality in women with diabetes. Funding: Supported by Steno Diabetes Center Aarhus, which is partially funded by an unrestricted donation from the Novo Nordisk Foundation, and by The Danish Diabetes Academy. © 2024 The Author(s)
Hemoglobin, Ferritin, and Lactate Dehydrogenase as Predictive Markers for Neonatal Sepsis; (1) Background: This study evaluates the predictive effectiveness of biomarkers in diagnosing newborn sepsis. (2) Methods: This was a case–control study conducted on neonates hospitalized at the Clinical Hospital “Louis Turcanu”, Timisoara, Romania, from October 2018 to July 2023. Using a vacutainer collection device, venous blood was collected at admission for complete blood tests, including ferritin, hemoglobin, LDH, and blood culture analysis. Neonates were divided into two groups: sepsis-positive and sepsis-negative. The outcome of interest was a diagnosis of sepsis. (3) Results: Data from 86 neonates, 51 of whom had been confirmed to have sepsis, were analyzed. This study found no significant difference in gestational age, infant weight, fetal growth restriction, or APGAR score between neonates with and without sepsis. However, there was a higher incidence of sepsis among neonates delivered via cesarean section. Neonatal patients with sepsis showed significantly higher levels of neonatal serum ferritin and LDH compared to those without sepsis. Ferritin and LDH biomarkers demonstrated excellent discriminatory capabilities in diagnosing neonatal sepsis. Logistic regression analysis revealed a significant association between elevated ferritin and LDH levels and the likelihood of neonatal sepsis, while anemia did not show a significant association. (4) Conclusions: LDH and ferritin concentrations are found to be predictive biomarkers for neonatal sepsis, indicating a potential role in detecting susceptible neonates and implementing prompt interventions to improve patient outcomes. © 2024 by the authors.
Postpartum glycemic and cardiometabolic profile of women testing positive for gestational diabetes mellitus by International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) but negative by alternate criteria: Insights from CHIP–F study; Objective: To evaluate burden of postpartum diabetes and other cardiometabolic risk factors among women who test positive for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) by International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria, but negative by alternate criteria. Methods: This prospective cross-sectional study was conducted from 2019 to 2022 and is a sub-study of the CHIP–F cohort (Cohort Study of Indian Women with Hyperglycemia in Pregnancy and their Families). Results: Study participants (n = 826; 183 with normoglycemia and 643 with GDM using IADPSG criteria) were evaluated at a median (IQR) postpartum interval of 31 (21–45) months. Using the United Kingdom National Institute of Health and Care Excellence (UK NICE), Canadian Diabetes Association (CDA), and Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Group India (DIPSI) criteria, 251 (39.0 %), 148 (23.0 %) and 384 (59.7 %) women who tested positive for GDM by IADPSG criteria, would have tested negative. The incidence of postpartum diabetes among such women was 30.4, 34.3, and 48.2 per 1000 women-years, respectively, which was significantly higher than those testing negative by both IADPSG and UK NICE (5.0 per 1000 women-years), IADPSG and CDA (9.2/1000 women-years) and IADPSG and DIPSI criteria (5.0/1000 women-years). The burden of obesity and metabolic syndrome was also significantly higher in such women. Conclusions: We found a significant burden of postpartum diabetes and cardiometabolic risk factors among women who tested positive for GDM by IADPSG, but negative by alternate criteria. There are potential clinical implications of a “failed” diagnosis for future cardiometabolic diseases that need to be carefully examined. © 2024 Research Trust of DiabetesIndia (DiabetesIndia) and National Diabetes Obesity and Cholesterol Foundation (N-DOC)
Using Doppler ultrasound to manage the small-for-gestational-age fetus; Doppler ultrasound is used to risk assess and monitor high-risk pregnancies to time delivery. Uterine artery (UtA) Doppler is a screening tool for placental dysfunction, as abnormal values represent an increased risk of hypertensive disorders and fetal growth restriction. Routine fetal growth assessment includes measuring the umbilical artery Doppler (UmA), as this reflects placental blood flow and can indicate placental dysfunction. In pregnancies with abnormal UmA Dopplers, assessment of the middle cerebral artery (MCA) and ductus venosus (DV) enables timely delivery by detecting developing hypoxia. In extremely preterm cases of severe growth restriction, the clinical challenge is timing birth so as not to replace the risk of stillbirth with the significant challenges of extreme preterm birth. Here, the DV Doppler is key, as this reflects cardiac function and identifies preterminal acidaemia. The use of each of these Doppler measurements will be described, illustrated and highlighted below using a case summary. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd
Maternal Diabetes and Intrapartum Fetal Electrocardiogram; Objective Fetal electrocardiogram (ECG) ST changes are associated with fetal cardiac hypoxia. Our objective was to evaluate ST changes by maternal diabetic status and stage of labor. Methods ?This was a secondary analysis of a multicentered randomized-controlled trial in which laboring patients with singleton gestations underwent fetal ECG scalp electrode placement and were randomly assigned to masked or unmasked ST-segment readings. Our primary outcome was the frequency of fetal ECG tracings with ST changes by the stage of labor. ECG tracings were categorized into mutually exclusive groups (ST depression, ST elevation without ST depression, or no ST changes). We compared participants with DM, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and no DM. Results ?Of the 5,436 eligible individuals in the first stage of labor (95 with pregestational DM and 370 with GDM), 4,427 progressed to the second stage. ST depression occurred more frequently in the first stage of labor in participants with pregestational DM (15%, adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.20, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.14-4.24) and with GDM (9.5%, aOR 1.51, 95% CI 1.02-2.25) as compared with participants without DM (5.7%). The frequency of ST elevation was similar in participants with pregestational DM (33%, aOR 0.79, 95% CI 0.48-1.30) and GDM (33.2%, aOR 0.91, 95% CI 0.71-1.17) as compared with those without DM (34.2%). In the second stage, ST depression did not occur in participants with pregestational DM (0%) and occurred more frequently in participants with GDM (3.5%, aOR 2.01, 95% CI 1.02-3.98) as compared with those without DM (2.0%). ST elevation occurred more frequently in participants with pregestational DM (30%, aOR 1.81, 95% CI 1.02-3.22) but not with GDM (19.0%, aOR 1.06, 95% CI 0.77-1.47) as compared with those without DM (17.8%). Conclusion ?ST changes in fetal ECG occur more frequently in fetuses of diabetic mothers during labor. ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT01131260. Precis: ?ST changes in fetal ECG, a marker of fetal cardiac hypoxia, occur more frequently in fetuses of diabetic parturients. Key Points Fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) and cardiac dysfunction occur frequently among fetuses of diabetic patients. Fetal ECG changes such as ST elevation and depression reflect cardiac hypoxia. Fetuses of diabetic patients demonstrate a higher prevalence of fetal ECG tracings with ST changes. © 2024 Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.. All rights reserved.
The association between discordant umbilical arterial resistance in growth-restricted fetuses and adverse outcomes; Background: Assessing the umbilical artery pulsatility index via Doppler measurements plays a crucial role in evaluating fetal growth impairment. Objective: This study aimed to investigate perinatal outcomes associated with discordant pulsatility indices of umbilical arteries in fetuses with growth restriction. Study Design: In this retrospective cohort study, all singleton pregnancies were included if their estimated fetal weight and/or abdominal circumference fell below the 10th percentile for gestational age (2017–2022). Eligible cases included singleton pregnancies with concurrent sampling of both umbilical arteries within 14 days of birth at the ultrasound evaluation closest to delivery. The exclusion criteria included births before 22 weeks of gestation, evidence of absent or reverse end-diastolic flow in either umbilical artery, and known fetal genetic or structural anomalies. The study compared cases with discordant umbilical artery pulsatility index values (defined as 1 umbilical artery pulsatility index at ≤95th percentile and the other umbilical artery pulsatility index at >95th percentile for gestational age) to pregnancies where both umbilical artery pulsatility indices had normal pulsatility index values and those with both umbilical arteries displaying abnormal pulsatility index values. The primary outcome assessed was the occurrence of composite adverse neonatal outcomes. Multivariable logistic regressions were performed, adjusting for relevant covariates. Results: The study encompassed 1014 patients, including 194 patients (19.1%) with discordant umbilical artery pulsatility index values among those who had both umbilical arteries sampled close to delivery, 671 patients (66.2%) with both umbilical arteries having normal pulsatility index values, and 149 patients (14.7%) with both umbilical arteries exhibiting abnormal values. Pregnancies with discordant umbilical artery pulsatility index values displayed compromised sonographic parameters compared with those with both umbilical arteries showing normal pulsatility index values. Similarly, the number of abnormal umbilical artery pulsatility index values was associated with adverse perinatal outcomes in a dose-response manner. Cases with 1 abnormal (discordant) umbilical artery pulsatility index value showed favorable sonographic parameters and perinatal outcomes compared with cases with both abnormal umbilical artery pulsatility index values, and cases with both abnormal umbilical artery pulsatility index values showed worse sonographic parameters and perinatal outcomes compared with cases with discordant UA PI values. Multivariate analysis revealed that discordant umbilical artery pulsatility indices were significantly and independently associated with composite adverse perinatal outcomes, with an adjusted odds ratio of 1.75 (95% confidence interval, 1.24–2.47; P = .002). Conclusion: Evaluating the resistance indices of both umbilical arteries may provide useful data and assist in assessing adverse perinatal outcomes among fetuses with growth restriction. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.
How pregnant women with diabetes experience telemonitoring of the fetal heart rate – An interview study; Objectives: The use of telemonitoring in healthcare is generally increasing. Women with complicated pregnancies are using telemonitoring as an alternative to conventional management, encompassing hospitalization or frequent outpatient clinic visits. However, there is sparse evidence on how pregnant women experience monitoring of their unborn babies at home. Women might feel uncomfortable with this responsibility, and moreover they might miss face-to-face contact with healthcare personnel. Study design: The study setting was a Danish hospital with a tertiary obstetric unit attending approximately 3400 births annually. A qualitative study design with interview as method included 11 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus. This design was used to investigate how pregnant women with complicated pregnancies experienced telemonitoring of the fetus. Reflexive thematic analysis was used to analyze the pregnant women's experiences of telemonitoring. Results: Women with type 1 diabetes or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus found the advantages of telemonitoring to outweigh the disadvantages. They experienced telemonitoring as time-saving and that telemonitoring decreased the level of stress. Moreover, telemonitoring supports positive collaboration with healthcare professionals. The women also experienced a lack of coordination of consultations between different departments at the hospital and challenges with timing, feedback, and technical issues. Moreover, the women requested an opportunity to discuss family formation and emotions. Conclusions: Pregnant women with type 1 diabetes or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus benefit from the use of telemonitoring. To further improve the implementation and use of telemonitoring clinical implications, consider how timing and coordination of care, technical equipment, and feedback mechanisms could be improved. © 2024 The Authors
The impact of diabetes mellitus on the development of psychiatric and neurological disorders; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic condition resulting from insulin deficiency or systemic insulin resistance. In this disorder, either the pancreatic β-cells are unable to produce enough insulin, or the secreted insulin is ineffective to overcome the peripheral or central insulin resistance. Over time, glucose metabolism becomes dysregulated, resulting in overt DM characterized by hyperglycemia and chronic systemic inflammation. This research review explores the connections and potential correlations between DM and various psychiatric and neurological disorders, including major depressive disorder (MDD), Parkinson's disease (PD), and Alzheimer's disease (AD). While no claims of direct causation can be made, DM does show significant correlations and associations with MDD, PD, and AD. Each of these conditions shows some overlap among risk factors, biological pathways, mechanisms, and therapeutic approaches with DM. Interestingly, depending on the factor, DM can influence the progression of MDD, PD and AD, and vice versa. This review of pathophysiological pathways and molecular events associated with these disorders allows for further investigation into establishing connections between each of these conditions. © 2024 The Authors
Increased risk of adverse gestational outcomes in pregnant women with primary Sjögren's syndrome; Objectives This study aimed to identify risk factors contributing to diverse pregnancy outcomes in primary Sjögren's syndrome (pSS) cases. Methods A retrospective analysis was conducted on pregnant individuals with pSS, who received outpatient or inpatient care across multiple hospitals in Anhui Province, China, from January 2015 to December 2022. Results This study included 164 pregnant women with pSS and 328 control subjects, with no statistically significant difference in average age between the two groups. Analysis of pregnancy outcomes revealed that, compared with the control group, pregnant women in the pSS group were more likely to experience miscarriages, both spontaneous (12.80% vs 1.52%, p<0.001) and therapeutic (6.10% vs 0.91%, p<0.05). The proportion of placental abnormalities detected during prenatal ultrasound in women from the pSS group was higher (14.63% vs 6.40%, p<0.05). In the analysis of pregnancy outcomes for live-born neonates, a higher incidence of congenital heart abnormalities was observed in the pSS group (27.34% vs 12.03%, p<0.05). While there were no significant differences between the pSS pregnancies in terms of both normal and adverse pregnancy outcomes, a comparison of fetal survival and fetal loss in pSS pregnancies revealed a greater use of prophylactic anticoagulant therapy in the fetal survival group. Notably, the application of low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) emerged as an independent protective factor for fetal survival. Conclusions Compared with non-autoimmune controls, pregnancy in women with pSS presents more challenges. Importantly, we observed that the use of LMWH as anticoagulant therapy is an independent protective measure for fetal survival.  © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2024. Re-use permitted under CC BY. Published by BMJ.
Combined effects of prior gestational diabetes history and biorhythm disturbances on postpartum cardiovascular metabolic indicators; Objective To investigate the sole effect of biorhythm disturbances and its combined effect with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on postpartum cardiovascular metabolic indicators. Methods This was a cohort study based on the Ma′anshan birth cohort (MABC), a birth cohort established at Ma′anshan Maternal and Child Health Care Center from May 2013 to September 2014, where a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test was performed at 24—28 weeks of gestation to diagnose GDM. A total of 120 women and 240 women with and without a history of GDM were selected using the random number table method in a ratio of 1∶2. The participants were followed up from July 2021 to August 2022, and 307 study participants were eventually included in this study, including 99 women with a history of GDM and 208 women without a history of GDM. At the time of follow‑up, basic information about the women was collected, including age, body mass index (BMI), education, job nature, marital status, gross after‑tax income, alcohol consumption, smoking status, adverse pregnancy and childbirth history, gestational hypertension history, family history of diabetes, family history of cardiovascular disease, etc. Fasting blood samples were collected for measurement of the following biochemical indices: fasting plasma glucose (FPG), glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), uric acid and creatinine. The Neuropsychiatric Assessment of Biorhythms Interview Questionnaire was used to assess the biorhythms of the study participants and scores were calculated using the median biorhythm score as the cut‑off value, with less than the median indicating low level of biorhythm disturbance, and vice versa for high levels of biorhythm disturbance. Linear regression was used to analyze the associations between biorhythm disturbances and cardiovascular metabolic markers and their combined effect with a history of GDM on cardiovascular metabolic markers, Linear model was used to analyze the summation interaction of GDM history and biorhythms on metabolic indexes in the postpartum period, and P values were corrected for multiple tests using the Benjaminiand Hochberg method to control for the false discovery rate (FDR) and were considered to be statistically significant if the adjusted PFDR value<0.05. Results Linear regression results showed that after adjusting for age, BMI, education, job nature, marital status, gross after‑tax income, alcohol consumption, smoking status, adverse pregnancy and childbirth history, GDM, gestational hypertension, family history of diabetes, family history of cardiovascular disease, the degree of biorhythm disturbances was positively associated with the level of glycated haemoglobin (β =0.08, 95%CI 0.02-0.14, P=0.01), however, the FDR correction was not statistically significant (PFDR=0.13); compared with women with no history of GDM and a low degree of biorhythm disturbances, women with a prior GDM history and a high degree of biorhythm disturbances had a higher level of FPG (β= 0.91, 95%CI 0.50-1.31, PFDR=0.001) and a higher level of HbA1c (β =5.26, 95%CI 2.70-7.83, PFDR= 0.001). Interaction analysis showed that history of GDM and biorhythm disturbances had additive interaction on FPG (PInteraction=0.03), and HbA1c (PInteraction=0.03). Conclusion Our study showed that women with a history of GDM and a high degree of biorhythm disturbance had significantly higher levels of FPG and HbA1c, highlighting the importance of maintaining a healthy biorhythm in women with a prior GDM history. © 2024 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved.
Neonatal outcomes associated with in utero cannabis exposure: a population-based retrospective cohort study; Background: The full spectrum of associations between in utero cannabis exposure and adverse neonatal outcomes is still unclear. Objective: This study aimed to evaluate the associations between in utero cannabis exposure and neonatal outcomes. Study Design: This population-based retrospective cohort study of singleton births among Kaiser Permanente Northern California members (January 1, 2011–July 31, 2020) included parent–infant dyads in which the pregnant parent was screened for cannabis use as part of standard prenatal care, generally upon entrance into care. Data were ascertained from electronic health records. Generalized estimating equation models were adjusted for sociodemographic characteristics, other non-cannabis prenatal substance use, medical and mental health comorbidities, and adequacy of prenatal care. In utero cannabis exposure was defined as self-reported use since becoming pregnant and/or a positive urine toxicology test for cannabis at any time during pregnancy (yes/no; primary exposure). Frequency of use was self-reported and categorized as daily, weekly, monthly or less, never, or unknown (secondary exposure). Neonatal outcomes included low birthweight, small for gestational age, preterm birth, neonatal intensive care unit admission, and infant respiratory support. Results: Of 364,924 infants, 22,624 (6.2%) were exposed to cannabis in utero. After adjustment for potential confounders, including in utero exposure to other substances, in utero exposure to cannabis was associated with greater odds of low birthweight (adjusted odds ratio, 1.20; 95% confidence interval, 1.12–1.28), small for gestational age (adjusted odds ratio, 1.24; 95% confidence interval, 1.18–1.30), preterm birth (<37 weeks; adjusted odds ratio, 1.06; 95% confidence interval, 1.00–1.13), and neonatal intensive care unit admission (adjusted odds ratio, 1.06; 95% confidence interval, 1.01–1.11). There was a suggestive association with early preterm birth (<34 weeks; adjusted odds ratio, 1.11; 95% confidence interval, 1.00–1.23; P=.055), but no significant association with respiratory support (adjusted odds ratio, 1.07; 95% confidence interval, 0.97–1.18). Dose–response analysis found an increasing likelihood of low birthweight and small for gestational age with increasing frequency of prenatal cannabis use by the pregnant individual. Sensitivity analyses further supported an increased likelihood of low birthweight and small for gestational age, although associations with other outcomes did not reach statistical significance. Conclusion: In utero cannabis exposure was associated with increased likelihood of low birthweight, small for gestational age, preterm birth, and neonatal intensive care unit admission. Clinicians should counsel individuals who are pregnant or considering pregnancy about the potential adverse neonatal health outcomes associated with prenatal cannabis use. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Biomarker potential of competing endogenous RNA networks in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS); Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common condition affecting women of reproductive age globally. PCOS continues to be the largest contributing factor to female infertility despite significant progress in our knowledge of the molecular underpinnings and treatment of the condition. The fact that PCOS is a very diverse condition makes it one of the key reasons why we haven't been able to overcome it. Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) are implicated in the development of PCOS, according to growing evidence. However, it is unclear how the complex regulatory relationships between the many ncRNA types contribute to the growth of this malignancy. Competing endogenous RNA (ceRNA), a recently identified mechanism in the RNA world, suggests regulatory interactions between various RNAs, including long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs), microRNAs (miRNAs), transcribed pseudogenes, and circular RNAs (circRNAs). Recent studies on PCOS have shown that dysregulation of multiple ceRNA networks (ceRNETs) between these ncRNAs plays crucial roles in developing the defining characteristics of PCOS development. And it is believed that such a finding may open a new door for a deeper comprehension of PCOS's unexplored facets. In addition, it may be able to provide fresh biomarkers and effective therapy targets for PCOS. This review will go over the body of information that exists about the primary roles of ceRNETs before highlighting the developing involvement of several newly found ceRNETs in a number of PCOS characteristics. © 2024 The Authors
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and long-term maternal cardiovascular risk: Bridging epidemiological knowledge into personalized postpartum care and follow-up; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is globally the leading cause of death and disability. Sex-specific causes of female CVD are under-investigated. Pregnancy remains an underinvestigated sex-specific stress test for future CVD and a hitherto missed opportunity to initiate prevention of CVD at a young age. Population-based studies show a strong association between female CVD and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. This association is also present after other pregnancy complications that are associated with placental dysfunction, including fetal growth restriction, preterm delivery and gestational diabetes mellitus. Few women are, however, offered systematic cardio-preventive follow-up after such pregnancy complications. These women typically seek help from the health system at first clinical symptom of CVD, which may be decades later. By this time, morbidity is established and years of preventive opportunities have been missed out. Early identification of modifiable risk factors starting postpartum followed by systematic preventive measures could improve maternal cardiovascular health trajectories, promoting healthier societies. In this non-systematic review we briefly summarize the epidemiological associations and pathophysiological hypotheses for the associations. We summarize current clinical follow-up strategies, including some proposed by international and national guidelines as well as user support groups. We address modifiable factors that may be underexploited in the postpartum period, including breastfeeding and blood pressure management. We suggest a way forward and discuss the remaining knowledge gaps and barriers for securing the best evidence-based follow-up, relative to available resources after a hypertensive pregnancy complication in order to prevent or delay onset of premature CVD. © 2024 The Author(s)
Maternal BMI changes from the prepregnancy to postpartum period are associated with postpartum cardiometabolic risk factors: a longitudinal study; Purpose: This study aimed at investigating the associations between the total body mass index (BMI) change at 3 or 4 years postpartum compared to the prepregnancy and cardiometabolic risk factors. Methods: This longitudinal study included 1305 participants. Based on the total postpartum BMI changes, they were divided into < 0 units, 0–1.7 units, and > 1.7 units groups using the interquartile range. Multiple linear regression models were used to analyze the associations. Results: Compared to the reference group, there was a progressive increase in the βcoefficient (βcoef) of homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) of cardiometabolic risk in the following groups: the ‘0–1.7 units’ group with the ‘overweight traj’ [βcoef 0.33; 95% confidence intervals (CI) 0.22, 0.44)] or the ‘obesity traj’ [0.66; (0.45, 0.88)] and the ‘> 1.7 units’ group with the ‘normal traj’ [0.33; (0.22, 0.44)], the ‘overweight traj’ [0.54; (0.41, 0.67)] or the ‘obesity traj’ [0.97; (0.79, 1.15)]. The same increasing trend of βcoef was also found in DBP, FPG, LDL, WHR, BF%. However, the ‘< 0 units’ group with the ‘low traj’ [0.13; (0.06, 0.21)] and the ‘0–1.7 units’ group with the ‘low traj’ [0.08; (0.03, 0.13)] had higher high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) level than the reference group. Conclusion: Women with a postpartum BMI gain > 1.7 units are positively associated with cardiometabolic risk factors, especially for those in the ‘obesity traj’ or ‘traj D’. Conversely, women with a postpartum BMI loss > 0 units have negative association with cardiometabolic risk factors, especially for those in the ‘low traj’ or ‘traj B’. © The Author(s) 2023.
Risk factors related to venous thromboembolism in pregnant women: a meta-analysis; Introduction: The aim of this paper was to make a preliminary analysis of the risk factors related to venous thromboembolism (VTE) in pregnant women by Meta-analysis. Evidence acquisition: Three databases including PubMed, Web of Science, and The National Library of Medicine (NLM) were systematically searched from their establishment to January 1, 2023, and the obtained data were statistically analyzed using RevMan5.3 software. Evidence synthesis: A total of 10 studies were included, involving 22 risk factors, of which 16 were included for further analysis. Meta analysis showed that cesarean section (OR=2.05, 95%CI: 1.71, 2.47, P=0.007), gestational diabetes (OR=1.17, 95%CI: 1.09, 1.27, P<0.001), eclampsia or preeclampsia (OR=1.88, 95%CI: 1.42, 2.49, P< 0.001), obesity (OR=1.19, 95%CI: 1.04, 1.86, P=0.028), twin or multiple pregnancy (OR=2.34, 95%CI: 1.46, 3.76, P<0.001), chronic heart disease (OR=3.59, 95%CI: 3.28, 3.92, P<0.001), and blood transfusion history (OR=3.20, 95%CI: 2.78, 3.68, P<0.001) were risk factors for VTE in pregnant women. Conclusions: Existing evidence suggests that cesarean section, gestational diabetes, eclampsia or preeclampsia, obesity (body mass index ≥30 kg/m2), twin or multiple pregnancy, chronic heart disease, and blood transfusion history may be risk factors for VTE in pregnant women. In clinical practice, the evaluation and management of VTE should be strengthened, and a model for clinical prediction of VTE can be established to provide a reference for the prevention of VTE. © 2024 Edizioni Minerva Medica. All rights reserved.
Interaction between ozone and paternal smoking on fetal congenital heart defects among pregnant women at high risk: a multicenter maternal–fetal medicine study; Background: Evidence remains limited on the association between maternal ozone (O3) exposure and congenital heart defects (CHDs) in offspring, and few studies have investigated the interaction and modification of paternal smoking on this association. Methods: Using a sample including pregnant women at high risk of fetal CHD (with metabolic disease, first-trimester viral infection, family history of CHD, etc.) from a maternal–fetal medicine study covering 1313 referral hospitals in China during 2013–2021, we examined the associations between maternal O3 exposure during 3–8 weeks of gestational age and fetal CHD in offspring and investigated the interaction and modification of paternal smoking on this association. CHD was diagnosed by fetal echocardiograms, maximum daily 8-hour average O3 exposure data at a 10 km × 10 km spatial resolution came from the Tracking Air Pollution in China dataset, and paternal smoking was collected using questionnaires. Logistic regression models were used to estimate adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Results: Among 27,834 pregnant women at high risk of fetal CHD, 17.4% of fetuses were diagnosed with CHD. Each 10 μg/m3 increase in maternal O3 exposure was associated with a 17% increased risk of CHD in offspring (OR = 1.17, 95% CI = 1.14–1.20). Compared with paternal nonsmoking and maternal low O3 exposure, the ORs (95% CI) of CHD for smoking and low O3 exposure, nonsmoking and high O3 exposure, and smoking and high O3 exposure were 1.25 (1.08–1.45), 1.81 (1.56–2.08), and 2.23 (1.84–2.71), respectively. Paternal smoking cessation seemingly mitigated the increased risk of CHD. Conclusions: Maternal O3 exposure and paternal smoking were interactively associated with an increased risk of fetal CHD in offspring, which calls for effective measures to decrease maternal exposure to O3 pollution and secondhand smoke for CHD prevention. © Children's Hospital, Zhejiang University School of Medicine 2023.
Association between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease within 24 months postpartum; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death among women in the United States. It is well established that gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with an overall lifetime increased risk of cardiometabolic disease, even among those without intercurrent type 2 diabetes. However, the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and short-term risk of cardiovascular disease is unclear. Establishing short-term risks of cardiovascular disease for patients with gestational diabetes mellitus has significant potential to inform early screening and targeted intervention strategies to reduce premature cardiovascular morbidity among women. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the risk of cardiovascular disease diagnosis in the first 24 months postpartum between patients with and without gestational diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: Our longitudinal population-based study included pregnant individuals with deliveries from 2007 to 2019 in the Maine Health Data Organization's All Payer Claims Database. We excluded records with gestational age <20 weeks, non-Maine residence, multifetal gestation, no insurance in the month of delivery or the 3 months before pregnancy, an implausibly short interval until next pregnancy (<60 days), pregestational diabetes mellitus, and any prepregnancy diagnosis of the cardiovascular conditions being examined postpartum. Gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease (heart failure, ischemic heart disease, arrhythmia/cardiac arrest, cardiomyopathy, cerebrovascular disease/stroke, and new chronic hypertension) were identified by International Classification of Diseases 9/10 diagnosis codes. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios, adjusting for potential confounding factors. We assessed whether the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and chronic hypertension was mediated by intercurrent diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: Among the 84,746 pregnancies examined, the cumulative risk of cardiovascular disease within 24 months postpartum for those with vs without gestational diabetes mellitus was 0.13% vs 0.20% for heart failure, 0.16% vs 0.14% for ischemic heart disease, 0.60% vs 0.44% for cerebrovascular disease/stroke, 0.22% vs 0.16% for arrhythmia/cardiac arrest, 0.20% vs 0.20% for cardiomyopathy, and 4.19% vs 1.83% for new chronic hypertension. After adjusting for potential confounders, those with gestational diabetes had an increased risk of new chronic hypertension (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.56; 95% confidence interval, 1.32–1.86) within the first 24 months postpartum compared with those without gestational diabetes. There was no association between gestational diabetes and ischemic heart disease (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.75; 95% confidence interval, 0.34–1.65), cerebrovascular disease/stroke (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.13; 95% confidence interval, 0.78–1.66), arrhythmia/cardiac arrest (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.16; 95% confidence interval, 0.59–2.29), or cardiomyopathy (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.75; 95% confidence interval, 0.40–1.41) within the first 24 months postpartum. Those with gestational diabetes appeared to have a decreased risk of heart failure within 24 months postpartum (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.45; 95% confidence interval, 0.21–0.98). Our mediation analyses estimated that 28% of the effect of gestational diabetes on new chronic hypertension was mediated through intercurrent diabetes mellitus. CONCLUSION: Patients with gestational diabetes mellitus have a significantly increased risk of new chronic hypertension as early as 24 months postpartum. Most of this effect was not due to the development of diabetes mellitus. Our findings suggest that all women with gestational diabetes need careful monitoring and screening for new chronic hypertension in the first 2 years postpartum. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.
Exposure to persistent hemodynamically significant patent ductus arteriosus is associated with retinopathy of prematurity; Background: Hemodynamically significant patent ductus arteriosus (hsPDA) shunt may predispose infants to retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) because of its higher preductal cardiac output and blood oxygen content, which may augment ocular oxygen delivery. Methods: A retrospective cohort study of preterm infants, born at <27 weeks’ gestation and admitted at <24h postnatal age to a large quaternary referral was conducted. The primary composite outcome was death at <32 weeks or moderate-to-severe ROP (≥stage 2 or requiring treatment) in either eye. Secondary outcomes included ROP requiring treatment, and any ROP. Univariate analysis of patient characteristics and outcomes was performed as well as logistic regression. A receiver operating characteristics curve was generated for the outcome of ROP ≥stage 2 or requiring treatment. Results: A total of 91 patients were screened, of whom 86 (54 hsPDA, 32 controls) were eligible for inclusion. hsPDA patients were younger and lighter at birth and had a higher burden of hyperglycemia and respiratory illness. The rates of the composite outcome (death <32 weeks or moderate-to-severe ROP) and of any ROP were more frequent in the hsPDA group. hsPDA shunt exposure was independently associated with development of any ROP among survivors to assessment (P = 0.006). PDA cumulative exposure score of 78 (clinical equivalent = 7 days high-volume shunt exposure) predicts moderate-to-severe ROP with 80% sensitivity and 78% specificity. Conclusions: Among infants <27 weeks, hsPDA shunt is associated with increased risks of a composite outcome of death or moderate-to-severe ROP, as well as ROP of any stage. Shunt modulation as a strategy to reduce ROP represents a biologically plausible avenue for investigation. © 2024 American Association for Pediatric Ophthalmology and Strabismus
Neonatal Outcomes of Water Delivery versus Land Delivery: A Retrospective Propensity Score Weighted Study; Objective Recent evidence has shown that water delivery is safe for the mother, but high-quality evidence is not available for the newborn. Therefore, obstetric guidelines do not support it. This retrospective study aimed to contribute to the available evidence on maternal and neonatal outcomes associated with water delivery. Study Design Retrospective cohort study from prospectively collected birth registry data from 2015 to 2019. A total of 144 consecutive water deliveries and 265 land deliveries eligible for waterbirth were identified. The inverse probability of treatment weighting (IPTW) method was applied to address for confounders. Results We identified 144 women who delivered in water (water group) and 265 women who delivered on land (land group). One (0.7%) neonatal death was observed in the water delivery group. After IPTW adjustment, water delivery was significantly associated with a higher risk of maternal fever in puerperium (odds ratio [OR]: 4.98; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.86-17.02; p = 0.004), of neonatal cord avulsion (OR: 20.73; 95% CI: 2.63-2,674; p = 0.001), and of positive neonatal C-reactive protein (CRP > 5 mg/L; OR: 2.59; 95% CI: 1.05-7.24; p = 0.039); delivering in water was associated with lower maternal blood loss (mean difference: 110.40 mL; 95% CI: 191.01-29.78; p = 0.007), a lower risk of major (≥1,000 mL) postpartum hemorrhage (OR: 0.96; 95% CI: 0.92-0.99; p = 0.016), lower risk of manual placenta delivery (OR: 0.18; 95% CI: 0.03-0.67; p = 0.008) and curettage (OR: 0.24; 95% CI: 0.08-0.60; p = 0.002), lower use of episiotomy (OR: 0.02; 95% CI: 0-0.12; p < 0.001), and lower risk of neonatal ward admission (OR: 0.35; 95% CI: 0.25-0.48; p < 0.001). Conclusion The present study showed that differences are present between water and land delivery, and among them is the risk of cord avulsion, a severe and potentially fatal event. In women choosing to deliver in water, a trained staffmust be present and immediate recognition of cord avulsion is key for a prompt management to avoid possible serious complications. Key Points High-quality evidence is not available for neonatal safety of waterbirth; therefore, retrospective studies still represent the main body of evidence. Differences are present between water and land delivery, and among them, the increased risk of cord avulsion is a potentially fatal event. A trained staff must assist women who chose to deliver in water and cord avulsion must be promptly recognized and managed to avoid severe neonatal complications. © 2024 Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Abnormal blood pressure dipping pattern: frequency, determinants, and correlates in Diabetes Mellitus patients in the Cardiovascular Health Risk Assessment in Diabetes Mellitus (CHiD) study; Purpose: Non-dipping status is associated with increased total and cardiovascular mortality in many disease conditions including diabetes mellitus. The pattern and its implications are not well described among Africans. This study was done to describe the frequency of abnormal blood pressure (BP) dipping among T2DM subjects, its determinants and correlates in Ogbomoso, Nigeria. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study done at the LAUTECH Teaching Hospital, Ogbomoso. One hundred individuals diagnosed with T2DM were recruited and they had 24-hour ambulatory BP monitoring, echocardiography, ECG, and carotid Doppler among other evaluations. Statistical analysis was done using SPSS 27.0 (Chicago Ill, USA). Results: The mean age of the participants was 59.3 ± 10.8 years, mean body mass index 27.7 ± 5.9 kg/m2 with a mean duration of diabetes of 7.52 ± 5.54 years. Abnormal BP dipping was present in 89% (consisting of 41% or reverse dippers and 48% non-dippers). T2DM subjects with abnormal dipping pattern were more likely to be females, had higher glycated haemoglobin, lower fractional shortening, higher left atrial volume and left ventricular mass index, and a higher DM duration than those with normal BP dipping status. The major determinants of abnormal dipping pattern were the duration of diabetes and low HDL-C concentration. Conclusion: Abnormal BP dipping pattern is highly prevalent in T2DM subjects, especially among females. Abnormal BP dipping was also associated with markers of increased cardiovascular risk such as impaired kidney function, left ventricular hypertrophy, postural hypotension, history of intermittent claudication, and presence of plaques on carotid Doppler studies. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Tehran University of Medical Sciences 2023.
Relationship between youth cardiometabolic health and physical activity in medical records; Background Thers is limited research examining modifiable cardiometabolic risk factors with a single-item health behavior question obtained during a clinic visit. Such information could support clinicians in identifying patients at risk for adverse cardiometabolic health. We investigated if children meeting physical activity or screen time recommendations, collected during clinic visits, have better cardiometabolic health than children not meeting recommendations. We hypothesized that children meeting either recommendation would have fewer cardiometabolic risk factors. Methods and findings This cross-sectional study used data from electronic medical records (EMRs) between January 1, 2013 through December 30, 2017 from children (2–18 years) with a well child visits and data for ≥1 cardiometabolic risk factor (i.e., systolic and diastolic blood pressure, glycated hemoglobin, alanine transaminase, high-density and low-density lipoprotein, total cholesterol, and/or triglycerides). Physical activity and screen time were patient/caregiver-reported. Analyses included EMRs from 63,676 well child visits by 30,698 unique patients (49.3% female; 41.7% Black, 31.5% Hispanic). Models that included data from all visits indicated children meeting physical activity recommendations had reduced risk for abnormal blood pressure (odds ratio [OR] = 0.91, 95%CI 0.86, 0.97; p = 0.002), glycated hemoglobin (OR = 0.83, 95%CI 0.75, 0.91; p = 0.00006), alanine transaminase (OR = 0.85, 95%CI 0.79, 0.92; p = 0.00001), high-density lipoprotein (OR = 0.88, 95%CI 0.82, 0.95; p = 0.0009), and triglyceride values (OR = 0.89, 95%CI 0.83, 0.96; p = 0.002). Meeting screen time recommendations was not associated with abnormal cardiometabolic risk factors. Conclusion Collecting information on reported adherence to meeting physical activity recommendations can provide clinicians with additional information to identify patients with a higher risk of adverse cardiometabolic health. © 2024 Public Library of Science. All rights reserved.
Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus present an accumulation of cardiovascular risk factors at age 46—A birth cohort study; Introduction: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is globally increasing, and it has been associated with later type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, long-term population-based studies investigating common CVD risk factors years after pregnancy are lacking. To evaluate the future mortality and morbidity in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, we conducted a thorough investigation of midlife risk factors in women with and without previous GDM. Material and Methods: A prospective population-based cohort study was conducted of 3173 parous women from the Northern Finland Birth Cohort, 1966. Study participants were obtained from the national register or patient records. Those with a GDM diagnosis formed the GDM cohort (n = 271), and those without a previous GDM diagnosis formed the control cohort (n = 2902). Clinical examinations were performed on participants at the age of 46 and included anthropometric measurements, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), biochemical measurements, and cardiovascular assessment. Results: At the age of 46, women in the GDM cohort had a higher body mass index (BMI, 29.0 kg/m2 vs 26.3 kg/m2, p < 0.001) and greater waist circumference (94.1 cm vs 86.5 cm, p < 0.001) than the control cohort. In the GDM cohort, a higher incidence of impaired glucose tolerance (12.6% vs 7.3%, p = 0.002), more previously diagnosed and OGTT-detected type 2 diabetes (23.3% vs 3.9%, p < 0.001), lower high-density lipoprotein (1.53 mmol/L vs 1.67 mmol/L, p = 0.011), higher triglycerides (1.26 mmol/L vs 1.05 mmol/L, p = 0.002) and a higher fatty liver index (6.82 vs 2.47, p < 0.001), were observed even after adjusting for BMI, polycystic ovary syndrome, parity, level of education, physical activity, smoking, and alcohol consumption. The women in the GDM cohort also had more MetS (42.6% vs 21.9%, p < 0.001) and higher risk scores for CVD and fatal events (Framingham 4.95 vs 3.60, p < 0.001; FINRISK 1.71 vs 1.08, p < 0.001). Conclusions: Women with a previous diagnosis of GDM exhibit more risk factors for CVD in midlife and are at a higher risk for cardiovascular events later in life. © 2024 The Authors. Acta Obstetricia et Gynecologica Scandinavica published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Nordic Federation of Societies of Obstetrics and Gynecology (NFOG).
Protective Effects of Paeoniflorin Against Inflammation and Oxidative Stress in Rats with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus via Inhibiting the RhoA/ROCK Signaling Pathway; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a condition of glucose intolerance that occurs only in pregnant women. Paeoniflorin was reported to possess anti-inflammation and antioxidant properties, and it has a potential to alleviate gestational diabetes mellitus symptoms. This study aims to confirm whether paeoniflorin attenuates placental inflammation and oxidative stress in gestational diabetes mellitus and investigate the underlying mechanism. Streptozotocin-provoked gestational diabetes mellitus rat model was utilized for in vivo assays. High glucose-stimulated human trophoblast cell line HTR-8/SVneo was used to mimic in vitro gestational diabetes mellitus environment. Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay was conducted to detect insulin concentration and plasma leptin level of rats, the levels of inflammatory cytokines and oxidative stress markers in both rats and HTR-8/SVneo cells. RhoA, ROCK1, and ROCK2 protein levels were tested via western blot analysis. Placenta tissues of gestational diabetes mellitus patients and healthy pregnant women were subjected to quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction and western blot analyses to evaluate RhoA and ROCK1 expression. Furthermore, paeoniflorin-treated gestational diabetes mellitus rats and HTR-8/SVneo cells were treated with lysophosphatidic acid, the RhoA activator, to validate the role of RhoA/ROCK pathway in paeoniflorin-mediated inflammation and oxidative stress in vitro and in vivo. Paeoniflorin administration mitigated the dysregulation of blood glucose, insulin concentration, plasma leptin, and body weight in maternal rats with gestational diabetes mellitus. Placental inflammation and oxidative stress in gestational diabetes mellitus rats as well as high glucose-induced inflammation and oxidative stress in HTR-8/SVneo cells were alleviated by paeoniflorin treatment. Additionally, RhoA and ROCK mRNA and protein levels were significantly higher in gestational diabetes mellitus patients than in healthy pregnant women. The levels of proteins in the RhoA/ROCK pathway were substantially reduced by paeoniflorin treatment in gestational diabetes mellitus rats and high glucose-stimulated HTR-8/SVneo cells. Nevertheless, lysophosphatidic acid treatment reversed the anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects of paeoniflorin in vitro and in vivo. Paeoniflorin effectively hindered gestational diabetes mellitus progression by ameliorating inflammation and oxidative stress via inactivating the RhoA/ROCK pathway. Graphical Abstract: (Figure presented.) © The Author(s) under exclusive licence to Sociedade Brasileira de Farmacognosia 2023.
Ischemic-Modified Albumin in Neonates with Congenital Heart Defects; Objectives  Ischemia-modified albumin (IMA) is a new biochemical marker of ischemia. We aimed to search blood IMA levels in neonates with congenital heart defects. Study Design  During the study period, patients diagnosed with congenital heart disease and newborns with a diagnosis of hyperbilirubinemia as a control group were included in the study. IMA level was analyzed using the IMA absorbance unit (ABSU) method. Results  In total, 57 newborns with congenital heart disease requiring cardiac operation for the study group and 38 newborns for the control group were included. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of gender, mode of delivery, and weeks of gestation. The average IMA values in the control group were 0.19 ± 0.09 ABSU. The prepostoperative mean IMA values of the patient group were 0.22 ± 0.07 and 0.23 ± 0.07 ABSU, respectively. Comparison of the postoperative IMA with the mean of the control group was statistically significant. Preoperative and postoperative IMA values of patients who have died due to primary heart disease and surgical complications were 0.21 ± 0.07 (0.08-0.32) ABSU and 0.25 ± 0.06 (0.12-0.36) ABSU, respectively. IMA levels were not statistically different between the two groups. Conclusion  Hypoxia and ischemia in congenital heart disease in the newborn period both preoperatively and postoperatively were important in prognosis. IMA was higher in the postoperative group. Many comprehensive studies are important in terms of preventing complications and decreasing mortality and morbidity by commenting on prognosis. Key Points IMA is a new biochemical marker of ischemia. In the literature, there are no reports about the relation between congenital heart defects and IM. The exposure of CHD patients to hypoxia/asphyxia in the preintra and postoperative periods cause neurologic deficits. © 2024 Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Association of Prostaglandin Use for Cervical Ripening with Mode of Delivery in Small for Gestational Age versus Non-Small for Gestational Age Neonates; Objective Prostaglandins (PGs) use for cervical ripening with small for gestational age (SGA) fetuses is controversial since it remains uncertain if use increases the chance of cesarean delivery (CD). We aimed to assess the association between PG use for cervical ripening and mode of delivery between SGA and appropriate for gestational age (AGA) neonates. Study Design Secondary analysis of the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-to-Be (nuMoM2b), a prospective observational cohort study of 10,038 nulliparas. We included women undergoing induction with nonanomalous fetuses in the cephalic presentation. Women with >2 cm cervical dilation or prior uterine scar were excluded. We assessed the association of PG use with CD among women with SGA and AGA neonates. SGA was defined as birth weight <10th percentile for gestational age and sex. Multivariable logistic regression was used to adjust for potential confounders and test for interaction. Secondary outcomes included adverse neonatal outcomes, indication for CD, maternal hemorrhage, and chorioamnionitis. Results Among 2,353 women eligible, PGs were used in 54.8%, SGA occurred in 15.1%, and 35.0% had CD. The association between PG use and CD differed significantly (interaction p = 0.018) for SGA versus AGA neonates; CD occurred more often in SGA neonates exposed to PGs than not (35 vs. 22%, p = 0.009). PG use was not associated with CD among AGA neonates (36 vs. 36%, p = 0.8). This effect remained significant when adjusting for body mass index, race/ethnicity, and cervical dilation. Among SGA neonates, CD for nonreassuring fetal status was similar between PG groups. Among SGA neonates, PG use was not associated with adverse neonatal outcomes or postpartum hemorrhage but had a higher rate of chorioamnionitis (7.0 vs. 2.1%, p = 0.048). Conclusion PG use was associated with a higher rate of CD in SGA but not AGA neonates; however, further studies are needed before PG use is discouraged with SGA neonates. Key Points PGs are commonly used for cervical ripening. PG use was associated with increased risk of cesarean delivery in SGA neonates. PG use was not associated with adverse neonatal outcomes. © 2024 Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Exposure to Maternal Diabetes during Pregnancy Is Associated with Aggravated Short-Term Neonatal and Neurological Outcomes following Perinatal Hypoxic-Ischemic Encephalopathy; Objective Infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) are at higher risk of perinatal morbidities and glycemic instability, but the impact of maternal diabetes on neonatal and neurological short-term outcomes of neonates with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) remains poorly described. Our objective was to determine the impact of maternal diabetes on neonatal and neurological short-term outcomes following neonatal HIE. Study Design This was a retrospective single-center study including 102 term neonates with HIE who received therapeutic hypothermia (TH) treatment between 2013 and 2020. Multiple regression analysis was used to assess the relationship between the presence of maternal diabetes and short-term outcomes. Results Neonates with HIE and maternal diabetes exposure had a significantly lower gestational age at birth (38.6 vs. 39.7 weeks of gestation, p = 0.005) and a significantly higher mean birth weight (3,588 ± 752 vs. 3,214 ± 514 g, p = 0.012). IDM with HIE were ventilated for longer duration (8 vs. 4 days, p = 0.0047) and had a longer neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) stay (18 vs. 11 days, p = 0.0483) as well as took longer time to reach full oral feed (15 vs. 7 days, p = 0.0432) compared with neonates of nondiabetic mother. Maternal diabetes was also associated with an increased risk of death or abnormal neurological examination at discharge in neonates with HIE (odds ratio: 6.41 [1.54-26.32]). Conclusion In neonates with HIE, maternal diabetes is associated with an increased risk of death or short-term neonatal morbidities, such as longer duration of ventilation, prolonged neonatal stay, greater need for tube feeding, and being discharged with an abnormal neurological examination. Strategies to prevent, reduce, or better control maternal diabetes during pregnancy should be prioritized to minimize complications after perinatal asphyxia. Key Points Maternal DB is associated with unfavorable outcomes. IDM have longer ventilatory support and tube feeding. IDM have higher risk of abnormal neurological examination.  © 2023. Thieme. All rights reserved.
The association between pulse wave velocity and pregnancy-associated diseases: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Maintaining healthy vascular structure and function is important for a healthy pregnancy. Obesity is a well-known predictor for poor postoperative outcomes of vascular surgery. However, the association between pulse wave velocity (PWV), a well-recognized parameter for arterial stiffness assessment, and pregnancy-associated diseases is still unclear. Therefore, we conducted this systematic review, and a meta-analysis was performed to assess the relevant associations. Methods: We systematically searched the Web of Science and PubMed databases to obtain articles on PWV and pregnancy-associated diseases published before April 2023. The mean with standard deviation was used to assess the differences in PWV in pregnant women with or without relevant diseases. Subgroup analysis was conducted according to specific types of PWV. The Newcastle‒Ottawa Scale was used to evaluate the quality of the enrolled studies. Results: A total of 6488 individuals from 21 studies were included. All enrolled studies were high-quality. Overall, the PWV was elevated in pregnant women who suffered from preeclampsia (mean difference (MD) = 0.67, 95 % confidence interval (CI): 0.51,0.83, P < 0.00001), hypertension (MD = 1.04, 95 % CI: 1.00,1.08, P < 0.00001), gestational diabetes mellitus (MD = 0.34, 95%CI: 0.19,0.48, P < 0.00001), and diabetes (MD = 0.49, 95%CI: 0.27,0.70, P < 0.00001). Subgroup analysis based on specific types of PWV showed similar results. Conclusion: In our study, PWV is elevated in pregnancy-associated diseases, including preeclampsia, hypertension, and diabetes. The PWV assessment should be regarded as a clinical routine for pregnant women to prevent and manage cardiovascular diseases during pregnancy. © 2024 The Authors
SGLT-2 Inhibitor Use and Cause-Specific Hospitalization Rates: An Outcome-Wide Study to Identify Novel Associations of SGLT-2 Inhibitors; Sodium-glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitors (SGLT2is) have demonstrated multifaceted pharmacological effects. In addition to type 2 diabetes, they are now indicated for heart failure and chronic kidney disease. This study aimed to identify novel associations between SGLT2i use and health outcomes using real-world data. Using linked data from a nationwide diabetes registry in Australia, we compared hospitalization rates in people living with type 2 diabetes commencing treatment with SGLT2i and dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor (DPP4i) between December 1, 2013, and June 30, 2019. Cause-specific hospitalizations were categorized across three hierarchies of diagnoses (first, first three, and first four digits of International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Version, Australian Modification codes). Incidence rate ratio (IRR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) for each cause-specific hospitalization were estimated using negative binomial regression. In the first hierarchy, hospitalization rates were lower across most diagnosis groups among SGLT2i initiators (n = 99,569) compared with DPP4i initiators (n = 186,353). In the second and third hierarchies, there were lower hospitalization rates relating to infections, anemias, and obstructive airway diseases among SGLT2i initiators compared with DPP4i initiators. These included sepsis (IRR: 0.60, 95% CI: 0.51–0.72) anemia (IRR: 0.55, 95% CI: 0.46–0.66), and chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases (IRR: 0.52, 95% CI: 0.40–0.68), as well as for previously known associations (e.g., heart failure (IRR: 0.63, 95% CI: 0.56–0.70)). SGLT2is have previously uncharacterized associations on a range of important clinical outcomes; validation of these associations requires further study, some of which may suggest novel benefits or new indications for SGLT2is. © 2024 The Authors. Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American Society for Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics.
Cardiac care in trisomy 18: A path to improved outcomes (case report); Background: Trisomy 18 (also known as Edwards syndrome) is a chromosomal disorder characterized by severe developmental anomalies and cognitive deficits. Cardiac complications are a leading cause of mortality in these patients, and the role of cardiac interventions remains controversial. Case Presentation: We report a case of a full-term baby girl with trisomy 18, born via elective cesarean section. The neonate presented with pulmonary atresia and a series of other cardiac abnormalities, necessitating immediate intervention. Despite the initial challenges, including a brief episode of desaturation post-intervention, the patient responded positively to a balloon pulmonary valvuloplasty and emergency patent ductus arteriosus stent insertion, illustrating the potential benefits of cardiac interventions in patients with trisomy 18. Discussion: This case highlights the successful application of cardiac interventions in a patient with trisomy 18, challenging the notion of universally denying such treatments to this population. Our findings suggest that selective interventions can improve quality of life and stabilize the condition, supporting the need for further research to establish clear guidelines for treatment in this demographic. Conclusion: This case adds to the growing evidence supporting the feasibility and potential benefits of cardiac interventions in patients with trisomy 18, advocating for a more individualized approach to treatment. © 2024 The Authors
Early Gestational Diabetes Screening Based on ACOG Guidelines; Objective A recent randomized controlled trial suggested that early gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) screening in patients with obesity (body mass index [BMI] ≥30 kg/m 2) does not improve perinatal outcomes. The American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology currently recommends early screening for gestational diabetes in patients who are overweight with one or more additional risk factors. We evaluated the effect of screening based on the number of additional risk factors for development of gestational diabetes. Study Design This was a secondary analysis of a multicenter randomized controlled trial of obese patients with singleton nonanomalous fetuses comparing early (14-20 weeks' gestation) with routine (24-28 weeks' gestation) GDM screening. Exclusion criteria were pregestational diabetes, major medical illnesses, bariatric surgery, chronic steroid use, and prior cesarean. Early versus routine GDM screening groups were compared and stratified by the number of additional risk factors for GDM (0, 1, 2, and ≥3). The primary outcome was an adverse perinatal composite outcome composed of: macrosomia, primary cesarean delivery, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, shoulder dystocia, neonatal hyperbilirubinemia, and neonatal hypoglycemia. Analyses examined effects of early versus routine screening by the number of additional risk factors and their possible interaction on the incidences of the primary outcome and GDM. Results Of 913 patients, 5% had 0, 52% had 1, 33% had 2, and 10% had ≥3 additional risk factors. Baseline characteristics, including the number and type of risk factors, were similar between early and routine screening groups. Breslow-Day test for interaction between early versus routine screening and the number of additional risk factors was not significant for either the primary outcome (p = 0.37) or the diagnosis of GDM (p = 0.28). The incidence of GDM and the adverse perinatal composite outcome increased as the number of risk factors increased (p < 0.001). Conclusion In patients with BMI ≥30 kg/m 2 and additional risk factors, early GDM screening does not prevent adverse outcomes. Key Points The ACOG currently recommends early screening for gestational diabetes if patients have risk factors. Even in patients with multiple risk factors, early screening for GDM does not improve outcomes. Patients with three or more risk factors may have worse outcomes if they undergo early screening. © 2024 Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Magnesium sulphate for women at risk of preterm birth for neuroprotection of the fetus; Background: Magnesium sulphate is a common therapy in perinatal care. Its benefits when given to women at risk of preterm birth for fetal neuroprotection (prevention of cerebral palsy for children) were shown in a 2009 Cochrane review. Internationally, use of magnesium sulphate for preterm cerebral palsy prevention is now recommended practice. As new randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and longer-term follow-up of prior RCTs have since been conducted, this review updates the previously published version. Objectives: To assess the effectiveness and safety of magnesium sulphate as a fetal neuroprotective agent when given to women considered to be at risk of preterm birth. Search methods: We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) on 17 March 2023, as well as reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria: We included RCTs and cluster-RCTs of women at risk of preterm birth that assessed prenatal magnesium sulphate for fetal neuroprotection compared with placebo or no treatment. All methods of administration (intravenous, intramuscular, and oral) were eligible. We did not include studies where magnesium sulphate was used with the primary aim of preterm labour tocolysis, or the prevention and/or treatment of eclampsia. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently assessed RCTs for inclusion, extracted data, and assessed risk of bias and trustworthiness. Dichotomous data were presented as summary risk ratios (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI), and continuous data were presented as mean differences with 95% CI. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results: We included six RCTs (5917 women and their 6759 fetuses alive at randomisation). All RCTs were conducted in high-income countries. The RCTs compared magnesium sulphate with placebo in women at risk of preterm birth at less than 34 weeks' gestation; however, treatment regimens and inclusion/exclusion criteria varied. Though the RCTs were at an overall low risk of bias, the certainty of evidence ranged from high to very low, due to concerns regarding study limitations, imprecision, and inconsistency. Primary outcomes for infants/children: Up to two years’ corrected age, magnesium sulphate compared with placebo reduced cerebral palsy (RR 0.71, 95% CI 0.57 to 0.89; 6 RCTs, 6107 children; number needed to treat for additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 60, 95% CI 41 to 158) and death or cerebral palsy (RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.77 to 0.98; 6 RCTs, 6481 children; NNTB 56, 95% CI 32 to 363) (both high-certainty evidence). Magnesium sulphate probably resulted in little to no difference in death (fetal, neonatal, or later) (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.13; 6 RCTs, 6759 children); major neurodevelopmental disability (RR 1.09, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.44; 1 RCT, 987 children); or death or major neurodevelopmental disability (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.85 to 1.07; 3 RCTs, 4279 children) (all moderate-certainty evidence). At early school age, magnesium sulphate may have resulted in little to no difference in death (fetal, neonatal, or later) (RR 0.82, 95% CI 0.66 to 1.02; 2 RCTs, 1758 children); cerebral palsy (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.69 to 1.41; 2 RCTs, 1038 children); death or cerebral palsy (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.67 to 1.20; 1 RCT, 503 children); and death or major neurodevelopmental disability (RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.59 to 1.12; 1 RCT, 503 children) (all low-certainty evidence). Magnesium sulphate may also have resulted in little to no difference in major neurodevelopmental disability, but the evidence is very uncertain (average RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.53 to 1.62; 2 RCTs, 940 children; very low-certainty evidence). Secondary outcomes for infants/children: Magnesium sulphate probably reduced severe intraventricular haemorrhage (grade 3 or 4) (RR 0.76, 95% CI 0.60 to 0.98; 5 RCTs, 5885 infants; NNTB 92, 95% CI 55 to 1102; moderate-certainty evidence) and may have resulted in little to no difference in chronic lung disease/bronchopulmonary dysplasia (average RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.10; 5 RCTs, 6689 infants; low-certainty evidence). Primary outcomes for women: Magnesium sulphate may have resulted in little or no difference in severe maternal outcomes potentially related to treatment (death, cardiac arrest, respiratory arrest) (RR 0.32, 95% CI 0.01 to 7.92; 4 RCTs, 5300 women; low-certainty evidence). However, magnesium sulphate probably increased maternal adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment (average RR 3.21, 95% CI 1.88 to 5.48; 3 RCTs, 4736 women; moderate-certainty evidence). Secondary outcomes for women: Magnesium sulphate probably resulted in little to no difference in caesarean section (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.91 to 1.02; 5 RCTs, 5861 women) and postpartum haemorrhage (RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.09; 2 RCTs, 2495 women) (both moderate-certainty evidence). Breastfeeding at hospital discharge and women’s views of treatment were not reported. Authors' conclusions: The currently available evidence indicates that magnesium sulphate for women at risk of preterm birth for neuroprotection of the fetus, compared with placebo, reduces cerebral palsy, and death or cerebral palsy, in children up to two years' corrected age, and probably reduces severe intraventricular haemorrhage for infants. Magnesium sulphate may result in little to no difference in outcomes in children at school age. While magnesium sulphate may result in little to no difference in severe maternal outcomes (death, cardiac arrest, respiratory arrest), it probably increases maternal adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment. Further research is needed on the longer-term benefits and harms for children, into adolescence and adulthood. Additional studies to determine variation in effects by characteristics of women treated and magnesium sulphate regimens used, along with the generalisability of findings to low- and middle-income countries, should be considered. Copyright © 2024 The Authors. Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. on behalf of The Cochrane Collaboration.
Longitudinal associations of the alternative healthy eating index with coronary artery calcification and pericardial adiposity in US adults with and without type 1 diabetes; Background and aim: Long-term associations between the alternative healthy eating index (AHEI) score and two predictive indicators for CVD, pericardial adipose tissue (PAT) and coronary artery calcification (CAC) volume, are lacking. Our study aims to investigate the longitudinal associations of the AHEI score with measures of CAC and PAT in adults with and without type 1 diabetes (T1D). Methods and results: The prospective Coronary Artery Calcification in T1D (CACTI) study included 652 people with T1D and 764 people without diabetes (non-DM) (19–56 years old) and was conducted in 2000–2002, 2003–2004, and 2006–2007. At each visit, food frequency questionnaires were collected and PAT and CAC were measured using electron beam computed tomography. Two variables were used for CAC analyses: a continuous variable for the square-root tranformed volume (SRV) for each visit and a second variable identified CAC progression from baseline to visit 3. Mixed effect models and a logistic regression model were used to conduct statistical analyses. A one-point increase in the AHEI score was significantly associated with a −0.12 cm3 (95% CI: −0.17, −0.08; p-value<0.0001) decrease in PAT volume in combined analyses, a −0.16 cm3 (95% CI: −0.22, −0.09; p-value<0.0001) decrease in the non-DM group, a marginally significant −0.07 cm3 (95% CI: −0.14, 0.002; p-value = 0.0571) decrease in the T1D group, and was not associated with either CAC outcome. Conclusion: The AHEI score is inversely associated with PAT; the association revealed greater magnitude of PAT reduction in the non-DM group. The AHEI score did not associate with CAC progression. © 2024 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University
Neonatal and Maternal Outcomes of Pregnancies following Stillbirth; Objective Prior stillbirth increases risk of subsequent stillbirth but has unclear effect on subsequent liveborn pregnancies. We examined associations between prior stillbirth, adverse neonatal outcomes, and maternal morbidity in subsequent liveborn pregnancies. Study Design This is a secondary analysis of a large, National Institutes of Health-funded retrospective cohort study of parturients who delivered a singleton infant at a tertiary-care hospital from January 2002 to March 2013 and had a past medical/obstetric history of diabetic, and/or hypertensive disorders, and/or pregnancy with fetal growth restriction. Our analysis included all multiparous patients from the parent study. The primary outcome was a neonatal morbidity composite (neonatal resuscitation, neonatal birth injury, respiratory distress syndrome, transient tachypnea of the newborn, hypoglycemia, sepsis). Secondary outcomes included a maternal morbidity composite (venous thromboembolism, intensive care unit admission, disseminated intravascular coagulation, sepsis, hysterectomy, pulmonary edema, renal failure, blood transfusion), other maternal/delivery complications, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission. Outcomes were compared between those with versus without prior stillbirth. Negative binomial regression controlled for maternal comorbidities and delivery year. Results Among 171 and 5,245 multiparous parturients with versus without prior stillbirth, respectively, those with prior stillbirth had higher rates of pregestational diabetes, autoimmune disease, and clotting disorders. After controlling for these differences and delivery year, infants of parturients with prior stillbirth had similar risk of composite neonatal morbidity (adjusted relative ratio [aRR] 1.19; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.99-1.45) but higher risk of NICU admission (aRR 1.42; 95% CI 1.06-1.91) compared with infants of parturients without prior stillbirth, despite delivering at similar gestational ages. Multiparous patients with prior stillbirth had equal maternal morbidity risk but higher risk of developing preeclampsia with severe features (aRR 2.11; 95% CI 1.19-3.72). Conclusion Compared with high-risk multiparous patients without prior stillbirth, those with prior stillbirth have higher risk of NICU admission and preeclampsia with severe features. Key Points Prior stillbirth increases risk in subsequent livebirth for NICU admission and neonatal morbidity. Prior stillbirth increased the risk of severe preeclampsia for mothers in subsequent livebirth. Additional monitoring of pregnancies of patients with prior history of demise may be warranted. © 2022. Thieme. All rights reserved.
Association of gestational diabetes with long-term risk of premature mortality, and cardiovascular outcomes and risk factors: A retrospective cohort analysis in the UK Biobank; Aim: To investigate the association of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with premature mortality and cardiovascular (CVD) outcomes and risk factors. Materials and Methods: Parous women recruited to the UK Biobank cohort during 2006-2010 were followed up from their first delivery until 31 October 2021. The data were linked to Hospital Episode Statistics and mortality registries. Multivariate Cox proportional hazard models investigated associations of GDM with all-cause mortality, CVD, diabetes, hypertension and dyslipidaemia. Results: The maximum total analysis time at risk and under observation was 9 694 090 person-years. Among 220 726 women, 1225 self-reported or had a recorded diagnosis of GDM. After adjusting for confounders and behavioural factors, GDM was associated with increased risk for premature mortality [hazard ratio (HR): 1.44, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.12-1.86], particularly CVD-related death (HR: 2.38, 95% CI: 1.63-3.48), as well as incident total CVD (HR: 1.50, 95% CI: 1.30-1.74), non-fatal CVD (HR: 1.41, 95% CI: 1.20-1.65), diabetes (HR: 14.37, 95% CI: 13.51-15.27), hypertension (HR: 1.49, 95% CI: 1.38-1.60), and dyslipidaemia (HR: 1.30, 95% CI: 1.22-1.39). The total CVD risk was greater in women with GDM who did not later develop diabetes than in those with GDM and diabetes. Conclusions: Women with GDM are at increased risk of premature death and have increased CV risk, emphasizing the importance of interventions to prevent GDM. If GDM develops, the diagnosis represents an opportunity for future surveillance and intervention to reduce CVD risk factors, prevent CVD and improve long-term health. © 2024 The Authors. Diabetes, Obesity and Metabolism published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Clinical and Metabolic Characterization of Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Within the First Year Postpartum; Context: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of long-term complications, including impaired glucose metabolism, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), cardiovascular disease, and obesity. In current clinical practice, a 1 size fits all approach to GDM is applied, although heterogeneity among women with GDM has been recognized. Objective: To give the most adequate preventive care and postpartum (PP) guidance, we aimed to make a metabolic characterization and identify subgroups of women with previous GDM within the first year PP. Methods: In this prospective cohort study, we collected data in gestational week 34-38, at 3 months, and 1 year PP on women with GDM who participated in a PP follow-up program in Central Region Denmark from April 2019 to December 2022. Results: In total, 1270 women were included in the program in late pregnancy. Of the 768 women participating in either the oral glucose tolerance test 3 months PP (n = 545) or the 1-year follow-up (n = 493) or both (n = 261), 608 (79.2%) were normoglycemic, 137 (17.8%) had prediabetes, 20 (2.6%) had T2DM, and 3 (.4%) had developed T1DM. More than 40% of the women gained weight in the first year PP compared with their pregestational weight. Conclusion: Our study shows that 20.8% of women with GDM who volunteered to participate in a clinical follow-up program developed prediabetes or diabetes (T1DM and T2DM) within the first year PP. The GDM diagnosis encompasses a heterogenetic group of women and a deeper characterization may provide an opportunity for a more personalized risk assessment to prevent the progression to T2DM.  © The Author(s) 2024.
Pregnancy-Associated Onset of Adult-Onset Still's Disease; Objective This study aims to elucidate the clinical manifestations, diagnostic challenges, and management strategies of adult-onset Still's disease (AOSD) during pregnancy, leveraging a case series overview and a detailed case report from our center. Study Design A comprehensive review of 21 published case reports on AOSD diagnosed during pregnancy was conducted, alongside a detailed case report of a patient diagnosed and managed at our center. This study emphasizes the importance of recognizing AOSD in pregnant patients, outlines the therapeutic challenges encountered, and discusses the potential complications arising from the disease and its treatment. Results The onset of AOSD during pregnancy predominantly occurs in the first or second trimester, with a polycyclic disease course observed in most cases. Management primarily involves corticosteroids and immunosuppressive medications, balancing the disease control with potential pregnancy complications. The case report highlights the complex interplay between AOSD, hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis, and pregnancy, illustrating a multidisciplinary approach to management that ensured favorable maternal and fetal outcomes despite the significant challenges. Conclusion AOSD presents unique diagnostic and therapeutic challenges during pregnancy, requiring careful consideration of maternal and fetal health. Early diagnosis, a multidisciplinary approach to care, and judicious use of immunosuppressive therapy are critical for managing AOSD flares and associated complications. Further research is necessary to optimize care for this rare condition in the context of pregnancy. © 2024 Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Prophylactic occlusion balloons of both internal iliac arteries in caesarean hysterectomy for placenta accreta spectrum disorder reduces blood loss: A retrospective comparative study; Background: The placenta accreta spectrum is a complex disorder characterized by abnormal invasion of the placenta into the uterine wall, posing a significant risk of life-threatening haemorrhage for patients. Its incidence is on the rise, largely attributed to the increasing rates of caesarean sections. Management of this spectrum involves a multidisciplinary approach, although standardized protocols are not yet established. While caesarean hysterectomy remains the standard Gold, several adjunctive treatments have emerged in recent years to mitigate bleeding risk and associated morbidity. Among these, prophylactic occlusion balloons placed in the internal iliac arteries have shown promise. The aim of our study is to demonstrate the effect of prophylactic occlusion balloons in both uterine iliac arteries in the management of placental accreta spectrum disorders. Methods: A retrospective monocentric cohort study was conducted in the Department “C” of Gynaecology and Obstetrics at the Maternity Center of Tunis. The study spanned three years, from January 2nd, 2020, to December 31st, 2022. The study population consisted of two groups: Control Group (CG) comprised patients who underwent caesarean hysterectomy without internal-iliac prophylactic occlusion balloons, and Occlusion balloons of both internal iliac arteries Group (OBIIAG) included patients who underwent caesarean hysterectomy with internal-iliac prophylactic occlusion balloons. Results: A total of 38 patients were included in the study, all of whom exhibited similar epidemiological characteristics and comparable personal and obstetric histories. The most prevalent risk factor among the patients was a history of caesarean section (92%). On average, patients were diagnosed at 30 weeks of gestation, with third-trimester bleeding being the most common presentation (71% of cases). The median gestational age at delivery was between 36 and 37 weeks. We observed a significant difference in blood loss between the two groups (2888 ml in the control group and 1828 ml in the group with internal-iliac prophylactic occlusion balloons, p < 0.05). Implementation of this technique resulted in a reduced need for massive transfusions (p < 0.01) and shorter operating times (126 min for the control group and 92 min for the group with internal-iliac prophylactic occlusion balloons; p = 0.04). There were no significant differences in morbidity between the two groups. Conclusion: The intra-iliac prophylactic occlusion balloons can help reduce the risk of hemorrhage and the morbidities that come with the placenta accreta spectrum disorder. © 2024 The Authors
Design of a bi-directional methodology for automated assessment of compliance to continuous application of clinical guidelines, and its evaluation in the type 2 diabetes domain; We introduce a new approach for automated guideline-based-care quality assessment, the bidirectional knowledge-based assessment of compliance (BiKBAC) method, and the DiscovErr system, which implements it. Our methodology compares the guideline's Asbrubased formal representation, including its intentions, with the longitudinal medical record, using a top-down and bottom-up approach. Partial matches are resolved using fuzzy temporal logic. The system was evaluated in the type 2 Diabetes management domain, comparing it to three expert clinicians, including two diabetes experts. The system and the experts commented on the management of 10 patients, randomly selected from 2,000 diabetes patients. On average, each record spanned 5.23 years; the data included 1,584 medical transactions. The system provided 279 comments. The experts made 181 different unique comments. The completeness (recall) of the system was 91% when the gold standard was comments made by at least two of the three experts, and 98%, compared to comments made by all three experts. The experts also assessed all of the 114 medication-therapy-related comments, and a random 35% of the 165 tests-and-monitoring-related comments. The system's correctness (precision) was 81%, compared to comments judged as correct by both diabetes experts, and 91%, compared to comments judged as correct by one diabetes expert and at least as partially correct by the other. 89% of the comments were judged as important by both diabetes experts, 8% were judged as important by one expert, and 3% were judged as less important by both experts. Adding the validated system comments to the experts' comments, the completeness scores of the experts were 75%, 60%, and 55%; the expert correctness scores were respectively 99%, 91%, and 88%. Thus, the system could be ranked first in completeness and second in correctness. We conclude that systems such as DiscovErr can effectively assess the quality of continuous guideline-based care.  © 2024 Hatsek et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Health Care Disparities and the Emergency Management of Postpartum Patients with Cardiovascular Complaints; Objective This study aimed to determine health care disparities in evaluation and admission among underserved racial and ethnic minority groups presenting with cardiovascular complaints during the first postpartum year according to patient and provider demographics. Study Design A retrospective cohort study was performed on all postpartum patients who sought emergency care between February 2012 and October 2020 in a large urban care center in Southeastern Texas. Patient information was collected according to International Classification of Diseases 10th Revision codes and individual chart analysis. Race, ethnicity, and gender information were self-reported for both patients on hospital enrollment forms and emergency department (ED) providers on their employment records. Statistical analysis was performed with logistic regression and Pearson's chi-square test. Results Of 47,976 patients who delivered during the study period, 41,237 (85.9%) were black, Hispanic, or Latina and 490 (1.1%) presented to the ED with cardiovascular complaints. Baseline characteristics were similar between groups; however, Hispanic or Latina patients were more likely to have had gestational diabetes mellitus during the index pregnancy (6.2 vs. 18.3%). There was no difference in hospital admission between groups (17.9% black vs. 16.2% Latina or Hispanic patients). There was no difference in the hospital admission rate by provider race or ethnicity overall (p = 0.82). There was no difference in the hospital admission rate when a patient was evaluated by a provider of a different race or ethnicity (relative risk [RR] = 1.08, CI: 0.6-1.97). There was no difference in the rate of admission according to the self-reported gender of the provider (RR = 0.97, CI: 0.66-1.44). Conclusion This study illustrates that disparities did not exist in the management of racial and ethnic minority groups who presented to the ED with cardiovascular complaints during the first postpartum year. Patient-provider discordance in race or gender was not a significant source of bias or discrimination during the evaluation and treatment of these patients. © 2022. Thieme. All rights reserved.
Maternal and Fetal Outcomes in Pregnancy in the Fifth Decade of Life and Beyond; Objectives: The objective is to evaluate maternal and fetal outcomes at an extremely advanced maternal age (AMA) (over age 50 years) in Calgary. The secondary objective is to determine if there is a role in protocolizing complex care plans for patients at extreme AMAs. Methods: A retrospective chart review was conducted of all pregnancies ≥20 weeks gestation in patients over the age of 50 years that delivered in Calgary between January 2007 and December 2021. Pregnancy data were collected, including maternal age, pre-existing medical conditions, mode and timing of delivery, neonatal outcomes, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and adult intensive care unit (ICU) admissions, postpartum complications, and maternal or neonatal death. Data were extracted for maternity patients as well as neonatal ICU databases. Maternal and neonatal outcomes were assessed until discharge from hospital. Results: All 23 pregnancies identified were achieved through assisted reproductive technologies. Comorbidities varied, but the most common comorbidities included hypertension and gestational diabetes. Cesarean delivery was the most common form of delivery. Three cases involved postpartum maternal ICU admission. Neonatal outcomes included gestational ages of 22–39 weeks and birth weights of 486–3593 g, with 8 confirmed NICU admissions. The most common neonatal complications were jaundice and small for gestational age. Conclusions: Extremely AMA patients are more likely to have pre-existing comorbidities and develop comorbidities during pregnancy. The potential for adverse maternal and fetal outcomes is greater for these pregnancies; however, the complications are diverse and developing a universal complex care plan is difficult. © 2024 The Author
Pregnancy outcomes post-kidney transplantation across 23 years; Background: Pregnancy in kidney transplant recipients has become increasingly common. However, pregnancy carries higher risks to these patients compared to the general population. Aims: To describe pregnancy outcomes in kidney transplant recipients. Materials and Methods: We conducted a single-centre retrospective cohort study of kidney transplant recipients who delivered after 20 weeks gestation at a quaternary hospital in Victoria, Australia, between 2000 and 2022 inclusive. Results: The study included 37 pregnancies from 27 patients, accounting for 38 infants. Over half of recorded pregnancies occurred in the past five years (56.8%, n = 21). There were high rates of pre-existing hypertension (75.7%, n = 28). Pregnancy-induced hypertension and pre-eclampsia were common antenatal complications (21.6%, n = 8 and 48.6%, n = 18 respectively). Soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 / placental growth factor ratios were elevated in all patients who developed severe pre-eclampsia (16.2%, n = 6). The median gestational age at birth was 36.4 weeks (range 20–40.4, Q1 32.9, Q3 37.6) and 59.5% (n = 22) of births were preterm. Unplanned caesarean without labour was the most common mode of birth (35.1%, n = 13). The overall caesarean rate was 62.1% (n = 23). Post-partum haemorrhage complicated over half of pregnancies (56.8%, n = 21). Fifty percent (n = 19) of infants were admitted for neonatal care, in particular neonatal intensive care, and had low birthweights under 2500 g. While there was a transient deterioration in kidney function, there was no graft rejection within one year of birth. Conclusions: Clinicians should consider the high rates of pre-existing hypertension, preterm birth, and caesarean birth when counselling and managing pregnant kidney transplant recipients. © 2024 The Authors. Australian and New Zealand Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists.
Glycemic Control and Obesity Among People With Type 2 Diabetes in Europe and Australia: A Retrospective Cohort Analysis; Introduction: In people with type 2 diabetes (PwT2D) who also have obesity, efforts targeting weight loss, including lifestyle, medication and surgical interventions, are recommended. The objective of this study was to explore the relationship between glycemic control and obesity among PwT2D in Europe and Australia using recent real-world data and applying consistent methodology across countries. Methods: Retrospective study utilizing IQVIA electronic medical records (EMR) databases grouped into panels based on specialty of contributing physicians. General practitioner (GP) and endocrinologist/diabetologist (E/D) panels were used in Germany and France, while GP panels were used in Italy, UK and Australia. The Spanish database included all physician specialties. The sample included PwT2D with glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and body mass index (BMI) values measured within 90 days of each other between January 2015 and December 2018 (second record termed the ‘index date’). PwT2D had a 1-year baseline period and a recorded HbA1c at the end of the 1-year post-index period. Results: The final sample comprised 194,729 PwT2D. At baseline, across countries/panels, 36.8–58.0% were above HbA1c target (HbA1c ≥ 7%) and 39.4–56.7% had obesity (BMI ≥ 30.0 kg/m2). Mean HbA1c ranged from 6.9 to 7.6% and mean BMI ranged from 29.3–31.6 kg/m2. At baseline, a higher proportion of PwT2D with obesity (40.8–64.2%) were above HbA1c target compared to their counterparts without obesity (32.2–52.4%). A higher proportion of patients with obesity at baseline (38.1–60.6%) had post-index HbA1c above target compared to their counterparts without obesity (30.9–56.0%). In logistic regression, patients with obesity had substantially lower odds of post-index HbA1c below target compared to those without obesity in all countries/panels except for France (E/D), Spain and Australia. Conclusions: This study presents data on HbA1c and BMI among type 2 diabetes (T2D) populations in Europe and Australia. A notable proportion of PwT2D had obesity and were above HBA1c target. Higher BMI was associated with poorer glycemic control. © The Author(s) 2024.
Erythropoietin in Neonates with Perinatal Asphyxia Undergoing Therapeutic Hypothermia—A Prospective Cohort Study; Aims: To assess the safety and feasibility of erythropoietin (EPO) in asphyxiated neonates undergoing therapeutic hypothermia (TH). Subjects and methods: This study enrolled 60 neonates with HIE undergoing TH. 30 neonates were divided into EPO with TH group, where neonates received EPO (dose), at a dose rate of 1000 IU/kg/48 hours, for four doses and the remaining 30 neonates undergoing TH were into control group. Magnetic resonance imaging brain was undertaken between 10 and 14 days of life in surviving neonates. The Bayley Scales of Infant (BSI) Development IV was performed at regular intervals up to the age of 12 months. Results: Amplitude-integrated electroencephalogram (aEEG) showed burst suppression (19% vs. 11%), low voltage (10% vs. 4%), and flat trace (7% vs. 3%) in control group in comparison with EPO concurrent with TH group which was statistically significant. Brain magnetic-resonance imaging (MRI) done at 12 days (±2 days) showed significant brain injury patterns such as severe brain injury (4% vs. 9% P =.05) and regional specific HIE (7% vs. 13%, P =.03) in control group of only TH neonates. At 12 months, neurodevelopment outcomes in EPO with TH group neonates showed a favorable outcome. Conclusion: rhEPO concurrent with TH in HIE neonates resulted in significantly less severe brain injuries in MRI brain in HIE neonates. aEEG changes were less statistically significant in EPO with TH group with favorable neurodevelopmental outcomes at 12 months of age. © 2024 National Neonatology Forum.
An Electronic Medical Record Intervention to Increase Early Screening Rates for Gestational Diabetes; Objectives Our objective was to implement an electronic medical record reminder to perform the early gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) screening test and to evaluate if this intervention increased screening rates. Study Design We performed a retrospective chart review of all deliveries at Mount Sinai West in January 2020 to determine the number of patients that met criteria for and actually underwent early GDM screening. A total of 314 patients had complete charts with pregnancy data. The following American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG)-defined risk factors were collected: body mass index greater than 25 (Asians greater than 23), history of GDM, history of macrosomia, hypertension (systolic >140 or diastolic >90), polycystic ovarian syndrome, hemoglobin A1c above 5.7, cardiovascular disease, and family history of diabetes. We used this data to advocate for and design an electronic medical record-based intervention to remind obstetric providers to complete the early glucose challenge test screening for eligible patients at the first prenatal visit. Results Our investigation confirms there is a low adherence rate of 12% at our facility to ACOG's updated early GDM screening guidelines (12 out of 97 patients). Furthermore, nearly one-fifth (16 out of 85) of eligible patients who did not receive screening were eventually diagnosed with GDM by screening at 24 to 28 weeks. After implementing an electronic medical record reminder at the initial prenatal visit, screening rates more than doubled to 28% (33 out of 115 eligible patients). The most common diabetic risk factors were high-risk ethnic background, current hypertension, family history of diabetes, history of polycystic ovarian syndrome, and body mass index of 40 or greater. Conclusion Our data suggests that obstetricians could be missing an opportunity to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes by diagnosing GDM earlier in pregnancy, as recommended by ACOG. The adoption of an electronic medical record reminder seems to improve the rate of indicated early GDM screening. Key Points There is a low adherence rate of 16% to ACOG's updated early GDM screening guidelines. After implementing an electronic medical record alert at the initial prenatal visit, screening rates nearly doubled. Screening rates were higher at prenatal practices with resident physician involvement in patient care. © 2024 Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Metformin: Past, Present, and Future; Purpose of Review: This review provides the most recent update of metformin, a biguanide oral antihyperglycemic drug used as a first-line treatment in type 2 diabetes mellitus. Recent Findings: Metformin continues to dominate in the world of antidiabetics, and its use will continue to rise because of its high efficiency and easy availability. Apart from type 2 diabetes, research is exploring its potential in other conditions such as cancer, memory loss, bone disorders, immunological diseases, and aging. Summary: Metformin is the most prescribed oral antidiabetic worldwide. It has been in practical use for the last six decades and continues to be the preferred drug for newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus. It reduces glucose levels by decreasing hepatic glucose production, reducing intestinal glucose absorption, and increasing insulin sensitivity. It can be used as monotherapy or combined with other antidiabetics like sulfonylureas, DPP-4 inhibitors, SGLT-2 inhibitors, or insulin, improving its efficacy. Metformin can be used once or twice daily, depending on requirements. Prolonged usage of metformin may lead to abdominal discomfort, deficiency of Vitamin B12, or lactic acidosis. It should be used carefully in patients with renal impairment. Recent studies have explored additional benefits of metformin in polycystic ovarian disease, gestational diabetes mellitus, cognitive disorders, and immunological diseases. However, more extensive studies are needed to confirm these additional benefits. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2024.
Medical Management Considerations of Premature Infants with Congenital Heart Disease; Purpose of Review: In this manuscript, we will review core noncardiac medical management principles for the preterm infant with congenital heart disease (CHD). We describe common respiratory diseases of the newborn period, apnea of prematurity, the significance of thermoregulation, and management of hyperbilirubinemia. Taken together, these management considerations optimize neurodevelopment and growth of the infant with CHD while minimizing significant neonatal comorbidities. Recent Findings: The comorbidities of prematurity affect both neonates with and without CHD. Respiratory distress syndrome can be a significant consequence of premature birth, and early surfactant administration is associated with decreased air leak, bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), and mortality. If invasive mechanical ventilation is necessary, volume-targeted ventilation is preferred in preterm neonates with associated shorter duration of mechanical ventilation and decreased comorbidities. Recommendations for the management of hypoglycemia in infants exist, but are dependent on enteral feeding; thus, these recommendations may not be applicable to the neonate with CHD who cannot tolerate enteral feeding. Hypothermia is a common problem in premature infants and can result in high tissue oxygen demand and consumption with subsequent metabolic acidosis. Such effects can be exacerbated in the infant with CHD and may increase the risk for morbidities and mortality. Summary: Though there have been many medical and surgical advancements in the care of preterm infants with CHD, the rates of morbidity and mortality remain high. Understanding key principles related to common complications of prematurity can be critical to improving long-term outcomes. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
The association of red and processed meat with gestational diabetes mellitus: Results from 2 Canadian birth cohort studies; Objective Red and processed meat is considered risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), but the evidence is inconclusive. We aimed to examine the association between red and processed meat intake and odds of GDM among South Asian and White European women living in Canada. Methods This is a cross-sectional analysis of pregnant women from two birth cohorts: SouTh Asian biRth cohorT (START; n = 976) and Family Atherosclerosis Monitoring In earLY life (FAMILY; n = 581). Dietary intake was assessed using a validated 169-item semi-quantitative food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Multivariate logistic regression models were used to examine the associations between gestational diabetes and: 1) total red and processed meat; 2) unprocessed red meat; 3) processed meat and GDM after adjustment for potential confounders. Results There were 241 GDM cases in START and 91 in FAMILY. The median total red and processed meat intake were 1.5 g/d (START) and 52.8 g/d (FAMILY). In START, the multivariable-adjusted odds ratio (OR) showed neither lower nor higher intakes of unprocessed red meat (p-trend = 0.68), processed meat (p-trend = 0.90), or total red and processed meat (p-trend = 0.44), were associated with increased odds of GDM, when compared with medium intake. Similar results were observed in FAMILY except for processed meat intake [OR = 0.94 (95% CI 0.47–1.91), for medium versus low and OR = 1.51 (95% CI 0.77–2.29) for medium versus high; p-trend = 0.18] after adjusting for additional dietary factors such as the diet quality score, total fiber, saturated fat and glycemic load. Conclusion Medium compared with low or high red and processed meat intake is not associated with GDM in White Europeans and South Asians living in Canada. © 2024 Stennett et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
The Role of the Electrocardiogram in Pregnant Individuals with Chronic Hypertension; Objective  The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists suggests that an electrocardiogram is an acceptable first-line test. We sought to examine whether an electrocardiogram is a sufficient screening tool to identify echocardiogram-diagnosed left ventricular hypertrophy. We also sought to determine risk factors associated with left ventricular hypertrophy. Study Design  This was a retrospective cohort study of pregnant individuals with chronic hypertension who delivered at 20 weeks' gestation or greater at a tertiary care center. Analyses were limited to individuals who had both electrocardiogram and echocardiogram during pregnancy. Left ventricular hypertrophy was diagnosed using the American Society of Echocardiography guidelines. Maternal demographics and electrocardiogram results were compared between individuals with left ventricular hypertrophy and those without left ventricular hypertrophy. The sensitivity, specificity, positive likelihood ratio, and negative likelihood ratio of the electrocardiogram to identify left ventricular hypertrophy were also calculated. Adjusted odds ratios (aORs) with 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were calculated, controlling for covariates. Results  Of 172 individuals, 60 (34.9%) had left ventricular hypertrophy. The sensitivity, specificity, positive likelihood ratio, and negative likelihood ratio of the electrocardiogram to identify echocardiogram-diagnosed left ventricular hypertrophy was 18.3% (95% CI: 9.5-30.4), 91.1% (95% CI: 84.2-95.6), 2.05 (95% CI: 0.93-4.56), and 0.90 (95% CI: 0.78-1.02), respectively. Compared with individuals without left ventricular hypertrophy, those with left ventricular hypertrophy were more likely to have hypertension of 4 years' duration or longer (aOR = 4.01; 95% CI: 1.71-9.42), unknown duration of hypertension (aOR = 4.66; 95% CI: 1.28-17.04), and higher body mass index (aOR = 1.04; 95% CI: 1.01-1.07). After adjusting for covariates, left ventricular hypertrophy by electrocardiogram was not associated with actual left ventricular hypertrophy (aOR = 2.59; 95% CI: 0.94-7.10). Conclusion  Electrocardiogram was not a sufficient test for identifying left ventricular hypertrophy in pregnant individuals with chronic hypertension. We suggest an echocardiogram evaluation for all individuals with chronic hypertension. Key Points The first-line test for cardiac evaluation is an electrocardiogram. In our cohort, the rate of left ventricular hypertrophy was 35%. The electrocardiogram was not sensitive to detect left ventricular hypertrophy. © 2024 Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.. All rights reserved.
The role of neutrophils and neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs) in stages, outcomes and pregnancy complications; Neutrophils are the main components of innate immunity to eliminate infectious pathogens. Neutrophils play a role in several stages of the reproductive cycle, and their presence in the female reproductive system is highly regulated, so their function may change during pregnancy. Emerging evidence suggests that neutrophils are important at all stages of pregnancy, from implantation, placentation, and connective tissue regeneration to birth, as well as birth itself. Neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs) are defined as extracellular strands of unfolded DNA together with histone complexes and neutrophil granule proteins. NET formation is a new mechanism of these cells for their defense function. These strands containing DNA and antimicrobial peptides were initially recognized as one of the defense mechanisms of neutrophils, but later it was explained that they are involved in a variety of non-infectious diseases. Since the source of inflammation and tissue damage is the irregular activity of neutrophils, it is not surprising that NETosis are associated with a number of inflammatory conditions and diseases. The overexpression of NET components or non-principled NET clearance is associated with the risk of production and activation of autoantibodies, which results in participation in autoinflammatory and autoimmune disorders (SLE, RA), fibrosis, sepsis and other disorders such as vascular diseases, for example, thrombosis and atherosclerosis. Recent published articles have shown the role of neutrophils and extracellular traps (NETs) in pregnancy, childbirth and pregnancy-related diseases. The aim of this study was to identify and investigate the role of neutrophils and neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs) in the stages of pregnancy, as well as the complications caused by these cells. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.
A summary of the 2023 Society of Obstetric Medicine of Australia and New Zealand (SOMANZ) hypertension in pregnancy guideline; Introduction: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) affect up to 10% of all pregnancies annually and are associated with an increased risk of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. This guideline represents an update of the Society of Obstetric Medicine of Australia and New Zealand (SOMANZ) guidelines for the management of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy 2014 and has been approved by the National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) under section 14A of the National Health and Medical Research Council Act 1992. In approving the guideline recommendations, NHMRC considers that the guideline meets NHMRC's standard for clinical practice guidelines. Main recommendations: A total of 39 recommendations on screening, preventing, diagnosing and managing HDP, especially preeclampsia, are presented in this guideline. Recommendations are presented as either evidence-based recommendations or practice points. Evidence-based recommendations are presented with the strength of recommendation and quality of evidence. Practice points were generated where there was inadequate evidence to develop specific recommendations and are based on the expertise of the working group. Changes in management resulting from the guideline: This version of the SOMANZ guideline was developed in an academically robust and rigorous manner and includes recommendations on the use of combined first trimester screening to identify women at risk of developing preeclampsia, 14 pharmacological and two non-pharmacological preventive interventions, clinical use of angiogenic biomarkers and the long term care of women who experience HDP. The guideline also includes six multilingual patient infographics which can be accessed through the main website of the guideline. All measures were taken to ensure that this guideline is applicable and relevant to clinicians and multicultural women in regional and metropolitan settings in Australia and New Zealand. © 2024 The Authors. Medical Journal of Australia published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of AMPCo Pty Ltd.
The Association between Fetal Growth Restriction and Maternal Morbidity; Objective This study aimed to compare adverse maternal outcomes between pregnancies complicated by fetal growth restriction (FGR) and those without FGR. Study Design This was a secondary analysis of the data from the Consortium on Safe Labor, which was conducted from 2002 to 2008 in 12 clinical centers with 19 hospitals across 9 American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists districts. We included singleton pregnancies without any maternal comorbidities or placenta abnormalities. We compared the outcomes of individuals with FGR with individuals without FGR. Our primary outcome was severe maternal morbidity. Our secondary outcome included various adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Multivariable logistic regression was performed to obtain adjusted odds ratios (aOR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI), adjusting for confounders. Missing values for maternal age and body mass index were imputed. Results Of 199,611 individuals, 4,554 (2.3%) had FGR and 195,057 (97.7%) did not have FGR. Compared with the individuals without FGR, individuals with FGR had increased odds of severe maternal morbidity (0.6 vs. 1.3%; aOR: 1.97 [95% CI: 1.51-2.57]), cesarean delivery (27.7 vs. 41.2%; aOR: 2.31 [95% CI: 2.16-2.48]), pregnancy-associated hypertension (8.3 vs. 19.2%; aOR: 2.76 [95% CI: 2.55-2.99]), preeclampsia without severe features (3.2 vs. 4.7%; aOR: 1.45 [95% CI: 1.26-1.68]), preeclampsia with severe features (1.4 vs. 8.6%; aOR: 6.04 [95% CI: 5.39-6.76]), superimposed preeclampsia (18.3 vs. 30.2%; aOR: 1.99 [95% CI: 1.53-2.59]), neonatal intensive care unit admission (9.7 vs. 28.4%; aOR: 3.53 [95% CI: 3.28-3.8]), respiratory distress syndrome (2.2 vs. 7.7%; aOR: 3.57 [95% CI: 3.15-4.04]), transient tachypnea of the newborn (3.3 vs. 5.4%; aOR: 1.62 [95% CI: 1.40-1.87]), and neonatal sepsis (2.1 vs. 5.5%; aOR: 2.43 [95% CI: 2.10-2.80]). Conclusion FGR was associated with increased odds of severe maternal outcomes in addition to adverse neonatal outcomes. © 2022. Thieme. All rights reserved.
ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) caused by spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD) in a patient with von Willebrand disease; A postpartum woman in her early 40s, with a history of pre-eclampsia and von Willebrand disease (VWD), presented to the emergency room with chest pain suggestive of an acute coronary syndrome. Initial workup revealed an evolving anterior wall ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction on ECG and elevated cardiac biomarkers, confirming myocardial damage. Point-of-care ultrasound showed apical hypokinesis and coronary angiography revealed a distal dissection of the left anterior descending coronary artery. There was TIMI 3 flow and no evidence of plaque rupture. No percutaneous coronary intervention was performed and the patient was managed conservatively. Fibromuscular dysplasia was ruled out on screening CT angiography. Dual antiplatelet therapy was initiated for an amended course of 3 months given the history of VWD. Our patient had an uncomplicated course in the hospital with a downward trend in their cardiac biomarkers, resolving anterior ST elevation on serial ECGs, and no bleeding complications.  © 2024 BMJ Publishing Group Limited.
A Newborn With Severe and Refractory Hypoglycemia; Hypoglycemia is a common entity encountered in the neonatal population with identified risk factors. Severe symptomatic hypoglycemia in a term baby without any specific risk factors is rare. The management includes identifying the underlying etiology which involves a “critical sample” and its interpretation. Hyperinsulinism (HI) detected during assessment is often transient and may be prolonged and difficult to treat. It is challenging to differentiate transient from persistent HI but becomes essential when effective medical or definitive surgical treatment has to be considered in especially refractory cases. The crucial task of maintaining normoglycemia demands continuous monitoring and proactive planned management as literature shows adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes in babies with even short-lasting transient HI due to hypoglycemic events that can be severe. This translates into these newborns being subjected to multiple noxious stimuli and distinct reactions to pain. Our approach to a newborn with congenital HI involved complex medical strategies with continuous glucose monitoring with an in situ subcutaneously placed detector before definitive surgical management at 8 months of life. © 2023 National Neonatology Forum.
SCUBE in human diseases: A systematic review; The involvement of the Signal peptide-complement components of C1r/C1s, the sea urchin Uegf and Bone Morphogenetic Protein (CUB) domain-Epidermal Growth Factor (EGF)-related (SCUBE) gene in human diseases has been progressively apparent. The SCUBE1 is detectable in platelet-aggregation diseases. The SCUBE2 is reported to have a better cancer survival prognosis. However, SCUBE3 is detected in bone-related diseases. SCUBE gene interacts with Hedgehog (Hh) signaling pathway and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), which has a wide range of biological functions such as cell proliferation, apoptosis, differentiation, and activation of platelet activity. The current review is a systematic review performed using SCOPUS, Cochrane, and Pubmed/Medline according to The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis Protocol (PRISMA-P) guidelines. This review discusses the entanglement of the SCUBE gene’s potential role in human diseases. Examining the role of the SCUBE family sheds new light on platelet aggregation-related diseases, cancer prognosis, and their pathogenesis. © 2024 Marmara University Press, All Rights Reserved.
Understanding the spectrum of cardiovascular risk in women - A primer for prevention; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women worldwide and the lifetime risk of CVD in women is similar to men. However, the pathophysiology of CVD varies between women and men necessitating a sex-specific understanding of cardiovascular (CV) risk. A belief that women have a lower CVD risk than men, and an underrepresentation in clinical research for many years has led to a paucity of evidence in the prevention and management of CVD in women. Many recent efforts have tried to bridge the gap. As a result, we now know that traditional risk factors impact CVD risk differently in women when compared with men. There are also numerous sex-specific and pregnancy related risk factors that modify the risk and can predict the future development of CVD in women. This is important as risk calculators, in general, tend to misclassify risk in young women with nontraditional CVD risk factors. To address this, guidelines have introduced the concept of risk enhancers that can suggest a higher risk. The use of coronary artery calcium score can further accurately delineate risk in these women, leading to an appropriate matching of therapy to underlying risk. This review discusses implementation strategies that are essential to mitigate disparities in CVD outcomes and optimizing CVD risk in women. © 2023
Maternal poor glycemic control increases risk of neonatal left ventricular hypertrophy; BACKGROUND: Left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) is an important complication of infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). However, the defined factors, such as the influence of glycemic control, insulin administration of diabetic mothers and large for gestational age (LGA) in infants, are largely unknown on the incidence of LVH. Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the prevalence of maternal and neonatal risk factors associated with LVH in IDMs. METHODS: This prospective analytic study was conducted at tertiary care hospitals in a 1-year period. Inborn IDMs were enrolled, and ventricular hypertrophy was identified by 2D echocardiography in the first 72 hours after birth. RESULTS: A total of 160 IDMs met the inclusion criteria, 33 (20.6%) of which had LVH. The incidence of infants with LVH born to mothers with poor glycemic control (fasting blood sugar >95 mg/dL) was significantly elevated than those with good glycemic control (45.5% vs. 14.4%, P<0.001). Twelve IDMs (12/33, 36.5%) of LVH and 17 IDMs (17/127, 13.4%) of non-LVH were LGA. IDMs with LVH, compared those with non-LVH, had significantly increased left ventricular (LV) geometry; IVSd (6.5±0.8 vs. 4.0±0, 7 mm), LV IDd (16.8±3.3 mm vs. 18.4±1.1), left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) (68.3±8.5% vs. 62.9±17.5%), left ventricular fraction shortening (LVFS) (35.9±6.6% vs. 32.2±5.5%), LV mass (15.3±11.6 vs. 9.3±2.5 g) and LV mass index (66.2±17.5 vs. 46.6±9.7 g/m2), all with P<0.001. There was significant correlation in LV mass with infants’ weight, height and body surface area (BSA) (r=0.408, 0.337 and 0.424, respectively; P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of neonatal ventricular hypertrophy in IDMs was 20.6%. Maternal poor glycemic control and LGA status in IDMs were dominant risk factors of LVH. © 2021 EDIZIONI MINERVA MEDICA.
Comparison between mathematical methods to estimate blood glucose levels from ECG signals; Diabetes mellitus, known as diabetes, is a chronic disease that affects the control of blood glucose concentration levels, it is a disease that mostly affects adults (type 2 diabetes), but it can also occur in children (type 1 or childhood diabetes), as well as in pregnant women (gestational diabetes). Diabetes is one of the diseases with the highest prevalence and high mortality worldwide. Diabetes has no cure, but continuous monitoring to maintain blood glucose levels in normal ranges reduces the possibility of suffering from gastrointestinal problems, vision loss, limb amputations (such as diabetic foot) and damage to vital organs such as the heart and kidneys, among other associated complications. This article compares the results in glucose estimation by using a linear, quadratic and cubic regression considering the electrical characteristics generated in the cardiac conduction (HR, HRV, T-wave peak, and QT interval) recorded on a single-lead electrocardiogram (VII), used as a non-invasive blood glucose estimation model. The best estimate was obtained using a cubic regression. The validation was performed using the Clarke grid having 77.78 % of data in the A zone and 22.22 % in the B zone and a Pearson correlation value of 0.94103 in the cubic regression. © 2024 The Authors
Association of ADIPOQ Gene Polymorphisms with Type 2 Diabetes and Obesity Risk in the Kazakh Population: A Case–Control and Population-Based Study; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a socially significant disease with increasing prevalence worldwide. It is characterized by heterogeneous metabolic disorders and is associated with various risk factors, including BMI, abnormal lipid levels, hypertension, smoking, dietary preferences, physical inactivity, sedentary lifestyle, family history of diabetes, prediabetes or gestational diabetes, inflammation, intrauterine environment, age, sex, ethnicity, and socioeconomic status. Assessing the genetic risk of developing T2DM in specific populations remains relevant. The ADIPOQ gene, encoding adiponectin, is directly related to the risk of developing T2DM, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases. Our study demonstrated significant associations of ADIPOQ gene polymorphisms with the risk of developing T2DM and obesity, as well as with fasting glucose levels and BMI, in the Kazakh population. Specifically, rs266729 was significantly associated with T2DM and obesity in the Kazakh population, while other studied polymorphisms (rs1501299, rs2241766, and rs17846866) did not show a significant association. These findings suggest that ADIPOQ gene polymorphisms may influence T2DM risk factors and highlight the importance of genetic factors in T2DM development. However, further research in larger cohorts is needed to confirm these associations. © 2024 by the authors.
Hypoglycemia in non-diabetic in-patients at a teaching referral hospital in Iran; Purpose: This study aims to investigate comorbidities, clinical features, laboratory values, and diagnoses in non-diabetic patients experiencing hypoglycemic episodes. Methods: A retrospective observational study was conducted at Shariati Hospital in Iran from 2016 to 2023. Seventy-four non-diabetic patients admitted with a diagnosis of hypoglycemia were included, while patients with diabetes were excluded. Demographic data, symptoms, and biochemical assessments were obtained from the hospital information system. Hypoglycemic episodes were identified based on low measured blood glucose, recorded medications for hypoglycemia treatment, or recorded codes indicating hypoglycemia. Hypoglycemia was defined as blood glucose below 70 mg/dL (3.9 mmol/L) along with two other criteria of the Whipple triad. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS software (version 26). Results: Among the enrolled patients, 63.5% were female, and 13.5% were elderly (≥ 65 years). The most common comorbidities observed were cardiovascular disease (20.3%), psychological disorders (20.3%), hypothyroidism (14.9%), and hypertension (8.1%). The prevalent symptoms included weakness, loss of consciousness, sweating, palpitations, dizziness, and tremors. Non-diabetic hypoglycemia was caused by factitious disorders, insulinoma, organ failure, and infection, respectively. Conclusion: Due to the diverse range of clinical symptoms, hypoglycemia in non-diabetic patients may be diagnosed late, leading to misdiagnoses such as psychological disorders or seizures. It is crucial to consider the possibility of hypoglycemia in non-diabetic patients and determine its underlying cause. Given the poor prognosis associated with hypoglycemia, timely interventions are essential. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Tehran University of Medical Sciences 2023.
Diagnosis of metabolic syndrome in nursing professionals: An accuracy study; Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) represents a group of cardiovascular risk factors. This article aims to evaluate the accuracy of the tools of MetS diagnosis in Nursing professionals from Primary Health Care (PHC) in Bahia, Brazil. A cross-sectional study with a random sample selected according to essential health information for the diagnostic of MetS. For MetS diagnostic, we used EGIR, NCEP-ATPIII, AACE, IDF, Barbosa et al. (2006), and IDF/AHA/ NHLBI (defined as gold standard) definition. Sensitivity, specificity, predictive values, and likelihood ratio were estimated for each diagnostic tool and compared with the gold standard. Kappa statistic was used to determine the agreement between the diagnostic methods. One thousand one hundred and eleven nursing professionals were included in this study. Sensitivity varied from 15% to 95.1%, and specificity varied between 99.5% and 100%. IDF and Barbosa et al. (2006) definitions were more sensitive (95.1% and 92.8%, respectively), and EGIR, NCEP, ATP III, and IDF showed 100% specificity. IDF and Barbosa et al. (2006) use suitable metabolic syndrome identification and confirmation criteria. The highest agreement was found in the definition of the IDF, Barbosa et al. (2006) and the NCEP ATP III. Defining metabolic syndrome with a higher diagnostic accuracy could contribute to the screening and the early identification of nursing professionals with cardiovascular disease risk factors, which provide opportunities for appropriate prevention and treatment. © 2024 Gomes et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License,
Perinatal Outcome following the Suspension of Intrapartum Oxygen Treatment; Objective  This study aimed to evaluate whether the suspension of intrapartum maternal oxygen supplementation for nonreassuring fetal heart rate is associated with adverse perinatal outcomes. Study Design  A retrospective cohort study, including all individuals that underwent labor in a single tertiary medical center. On April 16, 2020, the routine use of intrapartum oxygen for category II and III fetal heart rate tracings was suspended. The study group included individuals with singleton pregnancies that underwent labor during the 7 months between April 16, 2020, and November 14, 2020. The control group included individuals that underwent labor during the 7 months before April 16, 2020. Exclusion criteria included elective cesarean section, multifetal pregnancy, fetal death, and maternal oxygen saturation <95% during delivery. The primary outcome was defined as the rate of composite neonatal outcome, consisting of arterial cord pH <7.1, mechanical ventilation, respiratory distress syndrome, necrotizing enterocolitis, intraventricular hemorrhage grade 3/4, and neonatal death. The secondary outcome was the rate of cesarean and operative delivery. Results  The study group included 4,932 individuals, compared with 4,906 individuals in the control group. The suspension of intrapartum oxygen treatment was associated with a significant increase in the rate of composite neonatal outcome (187 [3.8%] vs. 120 [2.4%], p < 0.001), including the rate of abnormal cord arterial pH <7.1 (119 [2.4%] vs. 56 [1.1%], p < 0.01). A higher rate of cesarean section due to nonreassuring fetal heart rate was noted in the study group (320 [6.5%] vs. 268 [5.5%], p = 0.03). A logistic regression analysis revealed that the suspension of intrapartum oxygen treatment was independently associated with the composite neonatal outcome (adjusted odds ratio = 1.55 [95% confidence interval, 1.23-1.96]) while adjusting for suspected chorioamnionitis, intrauterine growth restriction, and recent coronavirus disease 2019 exposure. Conclusion  Suspension of intrapartum oxygen treatment for nonreassuring fetal heart rate was associated with higher rates of adverse neonatal outcomes and urgent cesarean section due to fetal heart rate. Key Points The available data on intrapartum maternal oxygen supplementation are equivocal. Suspension of maternal oxygen for nonreassuring fetal heart rate during labor was associated with adverse neonatal outcomes. Oxygen treatment might still be important and relevant during labor. © 2024 Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy, Reproductive Factors, and Female Heart Failure Risk and Outcomes; Purpose of Review: The purpose of this review is to provide an overview of recent evidence on female-specific risk factors related to reproductive status or pregnancy. Recent Findings: Pregnancy-related factors, including hypertensive disorders and gestational diabetes, increase the risk of heart failure in women, while breastfeeding and hormone therapy may offer protection. Summary: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, polycystic ovarian syndrome, placental abruption, younger maternal age at first live birth, younger maternal age at last live birth, number of stillbirths, number of pregnancies, onset of menstruation before 12 years of age, shorter reproductive age, ovariectomy, and prolonged absence of ovarian hormones may increase the risk of heart failure in women. Conversely, breastfeeding status and hormone therapy (for menopause or contraception) may serve as protective factors, while fertility treatments have no discernible effect on the risk of heart failure. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2024.
Atrial fibrillation considerations in the fourth trimester (postpartum period); Postpartum atrial fibrillation is an uncommon but increasingly prevalent tachyarrhythmia that merits special management considerations with regards to the safety and efficacy of anticoagulation, rate and rhythm control as well as drug exposure to infants throughout breastfeeding. In this state-of-the-art review, we examine the demographics of postpartum atrial fibrillation with its associated risk factors, describe the safety of commonly used atrial fibrillation therapies, and discuss important considerations for women considering subsequent pregnancies. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2024.
Longitudinal Management of Cardiovascular Risk Factors Among Postpartum Women; Background: Pregnancy-related cardiovascular (CV) conditions, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes (GDM), are associated with increased long-term CV risk. Methods: This retrospective cohort study defined the prevalence of HDP and GDM within a large, academic health system in the southeast United States between 2012 and 2015 and described health care utilization and routine CV screening up to 1-year following delivery among those with pregnancy-related CV conditions. Rates of follow-up visits and blood pressure, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and lipid screening in the first postpartum year were compared by provider type and pregnancy-related CV condition. Results: Of the 6027 deliveries included, 20% were complicated by HDP and/or GDM. Rates of pre-pregnancy CV risk factors were high, with a significantly higher proportion of pre-pregnancy obesity among women with HDP than in normal pregnancies. Those with both HDP/GDM had the highest rates of follow-up by 1-year postpartum, yet only half of those with any pregnancy-related CV condition had any follow-up visit after 12 weeks. Although most (70%) of those with HDP had postpartum blood pressure screening, less than one-third of those with GDM had a repeat HbA1c by 12 months. Overall, postpartum lipid screening was rare (<20%). Conclusion: There is a high burden of pregnancy-related CV conditions in a large U.S. academic health system. Although overall rates of follow-up in the early postpartum period were high, gaps in longitudinal follow-up exist. Low rates of CV risk factor follow-up at 1 year indicate a missed opportunity for early CV prevention. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Association between gestational cardiovascular health in the first trimester and pregnancy outcomes in the China birth cohort; Objectives: To determine whether gestational cardiovascular health (CVH) during the first trimester is associated with a risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Study design: A multicentre prospective cohort; part of the China birth cohort study. Methods: Pregnant women were recruited at 6–13+6 gestation weeks and followed to delivery to identify pregnancy outcomes. Gestational CVH in the first trimester was assessed using five CVH metrics: body mass index, smoking, blood pressure, glucose, and lipids. Multilevel modified Poisson regression models calculated the relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) of gestational CVH for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Results: Among 56,852 pregnant women, the mean score for gestational CVH during the first trimester was 9.1. Adjusting for confounding factors, each 1-point decrease in the total gestational CVH score significantly increased the risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (RR = 1.682, 95% CI: 1.624–1.743), gestational diabetes mellitus (RR = 1.405, 95% CI: 1.384–1.426), preterm birth (RR = 1.184, 95% CI: 1.174–1.195), large for gestational age (RR = 1.224, 95% CI: 1.199–1.250), caesarean delivery (RR = 1.073, 95% CI: 1.049–1.097), and low Apgar score (RR = 1.131, 95% CI: 1.003–1.277) significantly increased. Meanwhile, the risk of small for gestational age decreased (SGA; RR = 0.922, 95% CI: 0.898–0.946). Worsened CVH categories significantly increased the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes, excluding SGA. Conclusions: Poor gestational CVH in the first trimester significantly increases the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes, emphasising the need for early improvement in gestational CVH. © 2024 The Author(s)
Sodium-glucose co-transporter protein 2 (SGLT2) inhibitors for people with chronic kidney disease and diabetes; Background: Diabetes is associated with high risks of premature chronic kidney disease (CKD), cardiovascular diseases, cardiovascular death and impaired quality of life. People with diabetes are more likely to develop kidney impairment, and approximately one in three adults with diabetes have CKD. People with CKD and diabetes experience a substantially higher risk of cardiovascular outcomes. Sodium-glucose co-transporter protein 2 (SGLT2) inhibitors have shown potential effects in preventing kidney and cardiovascular outcomes in people with CKD and diabetes. However, new trials are emerging rapidly, and evidence synthesis is essential to summarising cumulative evidence. Objectives: This review aimed to assess the benefits and harms of SGLT2 inhibitors for people with CKD and diabetes. Search methods: We searched the Cochrane Kidney and Transplant Register of Studies up to 17 November 2023 using a search strategy designed by an Information Specialist. Studies in the Register are continually identified through regular searches of CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and EMBASE, conference proceedings, the International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) Search Portal and ClinicalTrials.gov. Selection criteria: Randomised controlled studies were eligible if they evaluated SGLT2 inhibitors versus placebo, standard care or other glucose-lowering agents in people with CKD and diabetes. CKD includes all stages (from 1 to 5), including dialysis patients. Data collection and analysis: Two authors independently extracted data and assessed the study risk of bias. Treatment estimates were summarised using random effects meta-analysis and expressed as a risk ratio (RR) or mean difference (MD), with a corresponding 95% confidence interval (CI). Confidence in the evidence was assessed using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. The primary review outcomes were all-cause death, 3-point and 4-point major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), fatal or nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI), fatal or nonfatal stroke, and kidney failure. Main results: Fifty-three studies randomising 65,241 people with CKD and diabetes were included. SGLT2 inhibitors with or without other background treatments were compared to placebo, standard care, sulfonylurea, dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitors, or insulin. In the majority of domains, the risks of bias in the included studies were low or unclear. No studies evaluated the treatment in children or in people treated with dialysis. No studies compared SGLT2 inhibitors with glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists or tirzepatide. Compared to placebo, SGLT2 inhibitors decreased the risk of all-cause death (20 studies, 44,397 participants: RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.78 to 0.94; I2 = 0%; high certainty) and cardiovascular death (16 studies, 43,792 participants: RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.74 to 0.93; I2 = 29%; high certainty). Compared to placebo, SGLT2 inhibitors probably make little or no difference to the risk of fatal or nonfatal MI (2 studies, 13,726 participants: RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.14; I2 = 24%; moderate certainty), and fatal or nonfatal stroke (2 studies, 13,726 participants: RR 1.07, 95% CI 0.88 to 1.30; I2 = 0%; moderate certainty). Compared to placebo, SGLT2 inhibitors probably decrease 3-point MACE (7 studies, 38,320 participants: RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.81 to 0.98; I2 = 46%; moderate certainty), and 4-point MACE (4 studies, 23,539 participants: RR 0.82, 95% CI 0.70 to 0.96; I2 = 77%; moderate certainty), and decrease hospital admission due to heart failure (6 studies, 28,339 participants: RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.62 to 0.79; I2 = 17%; high certainty). Compared to placebo, SGLT2 inhibitors may decrease creatinine clearance (1 study, 132 participants: MD -2.63 mL/min, 95% CI -5.19 to -0.07; low certainty) and probably decrease the doubling of serum creatinine (2 studies, 12,647 participants: RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.56 to 0.89; I2 = 53%; moderate certainty). SGLT2 inhibitors decrease the risk of kidney failure (6 studies, 11,232 participants: RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.62 to 0.79; I2 = 0%; high certainty), and kidney composite outcomes (generally reported as kidney failure, kidney death with or without ≥ 40% decrease in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR)) (7 studies, 36,380 participants: RR 0.68, 95% CI 0.59 to 0.78; I2 = 25%; high certainty) compared to placebo. Compared to placebo, SGLT2 inhibitors incur less hypoglycaemia (16 studies, 28,322 participants: RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.89 to 0.98; I2 = 0%; high certainty), and hypoglycaemia requiring third-party assistance (14 studies, 26,478 participants: RR 0.75, 95% CI 0.65 to 0.88; I2 = 0%; high certainty), and probably decrease the withdrawal from treatment due to adverse events (15 studies, 16,622 participants: RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.08; I2 = 16%; moderate certainty). The effects of SGLT2 inhibitors on eGFR, amputation and fracture were uncertain. No studies evaluated the effects of treatment on fatigue, life participation, or lactic acidosis. The effects of SGLT2 inhibitors compared to standard care alone, sulfonylurea, DPP-4 inhibitors, or insulin were uncertain. Authors' conclusions: SGLT2 inhibitors alone or added to standard care decrease all-cause death, cardiovascular death, and kidney failure and probably decrease major cardiovascular events while incurring less hypoglycaemia compared to placebo in people with CKD and diabetes. Copyright © 2024 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with greater incidence of dementia during long-term post-partum follow-up; Background: The impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on incident dementia is unknown. Our aim was to evaluate the relationship between GDM and all-cause dementia and the mediating effects of chronic diseases on this relationship. Methods: This prospective cohort study included women from the UK Biobank who were grouped based on GDM history. Multivariate Cox proportional hazard models were used to explore the associations between GDM and dementia. We further analysed the mediating effects of chronic diseases on this relationship and the interactions of covariates. Results: A total of 1292 women with and 204,171 women without a history of GDM were included. During a median follow-up period of 45 years after first birth, 2921 women were diagnosed with dementia. Women with a GDM history had a 67% increased risk of incident dementia (hazard ratio 1.67, 95% confidence interval: 1.03–2.69) compared with those without a GDM history. According to mediation analyses, type 2 diabetes, coronary heart disease, chronic kidney disease and comorbidities (diagnosed with any two of the three diseases) explained 34.5%, 8.4%, 5.2% and 18.8% of the mediating effect on the relationship. Subgroup analyses revealed that physical activity modified the association between GDM history and dementia (p for interaction = 0.030). Among physically inactive women, GDM was significantly associated with incident dementia; however, this association was not observed among physically active women. Conclusions: A history of GDM was associated with a greater risk of incident dementia. Type 2 diabetes partially mediated this relationship. Strategies for dementia prevention might be considered for women with a history of GDM. © 2024 The Association for the Publication of the Journal of Internal Medicine.
Transient ischemic attack and pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes—An evaluation of a population database; Objective: Transient ischemic attack (TIA) is rare in women of reproductive age. We aimed to compare perinatal outcomes between women who suffered from a TIA to those who did not. Methods: A retrospective population-based cohort study utilizing the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project, Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS). All women who delivered or had a maternal death in the US (2004–2014) were included in the study. Pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes were compared between women with an ICD-9 diagnosis of a TIA to those without. Results: Overall, 9 096 788 women met the inclusion criteria. Of these, 203 women (2.2/100000) had a TIA (either before or during pregnancy). Women with TIA, compared to those without, were more likely to be older than 35 years of age, white, in the highest income quartile, be insured by private insurance and suffer from obesity and chronic hypertension. Patients in the TIA group, compared to those without, had a higher rate of pregnancy-induced hypertension (aOR 2.5, 95% CI: 1.55–4.05, P < 0.001), pre-eclampsia (aOR 3.77, 95% CI: 2.15–6.62, P < 0.001), eclampsia (aOR 28.05, 95% CI: 6.91–113.95, P < 0.001), preterm delivery (aOR 1.78, 95% CI: 1.03–3.07, P = 0.039), and maternal complications such as deep vein thrombosis (aOR 33.3, 95% CI: 8.07–137.42, P < 0.001). Regarding neonatal outcomes, patients with a TIA, compared to those without, had a higher rate of congenital anomalies (aOR 7.04, 95% CI: 2.86–17.32, P < 0.001). Conclusion: Women with a TIA diagnosis before or during pregnancy had a higher rate of maternal complications, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and venous thromboembolism, as well as an increased risk of congenital anomalies. © 2024 The Authors. International Journal of Gynecology & Obstetrics published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.
The relationship between advanced liver fibrosis and osteoporosis in type 2 diabetes patients with MAFLD; Purpose: To investigate the relationship between advanced liver fibrosis and osteoporosis in metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: A total of 1144 T2DM patients were divided into the MAFLD and non-MAFLD groups, 460 T2DM patients with MAFLD (277 males aged ≥50 years and 183 postmenopausal females) were divided into N1 (advanced liver fibrosis excluded), N2 (indeterminate advanced liver fibrosis), and N3 (advanced liver fibrosis) groups according to the non-alcoholic fatty liver fibrosis score (NFS), the differences in bone mineral density (BMD) levels and prevalence of osteoporosis were compared. Based on the tertile levels of BMD of the lumbar spine (L), T2DM patients were divided into three groups (T1, T2, and T3), and the differences in the prevalence of advanced liver fibrosis were compared. Results: The BMD levels of the L4, and L1-4 in the MAFLD group were lower than those of the non-MAFLD groups in male and female T2DM patients.The BMD levels of the total hip, L4, and L1-4 in the N3 group were lower than those of the N2 and N1 groups in male and female T2DM patients with MAFLD, and the prevalence of osteoporosis in the N3 group of males was higher than that in the N1 group. The BMD levels of the total hip, L4, and L1-4 were negatively correlated with NFS in both males and females. The BMD levels of the total hip and L4 in males, and the BMD level of L4 in females were negatively associated with NFS. The prevalence of advanced liver fibrosis was higher in the T1 group than in the T2 and T3 groups in T2DM patients with MAFLD. Conclusion: The BMD levels in male aged ≥50 years or postmenopausal female diabetic patients with MAFLD were negatively correlated with the degree of advanced liver fibrosis, which means an increased risk of liver fibrosis with decreasing BMD. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2024.
Maternal and Fetal Outcomes in Pulmonary Hypertension During Pregnancy: A Contemporary Nationwide Analysis; Pulmonary hypertension (PH) disproportionately affects women, presenting challenges during pregnancy. Historically, patients with PH are advised to avoid pregnancy; however, recent reports have indicated that the incidence of adverse events in pregnant patients with PH may be lower than previously reported. We conducted a retrospective cohort study in pregnant patients with PH using the National Readmission Database from January 1, 2016, to December 31, 2020. PH was categorized according to the World Health Organization classification. Primary end points include maternal mortality and 30-day nonelective readmission rate. Other adverse short-term maternal (cardiovascular and obstetric) and fetal outcomes were also analyzed. Of 9,922,142 pregnant women, 3,532 (0.04%) had PH, with Group 1 PH noted in 1,833 (51.9%), Group 2 PH in 676 (19.1%), Group 3 PH in 604 (17.1%), Group 4 PH in 23 (0.7%), Group 5 PH in 98 (2.8%), and multifactorial PH in 298 (8.4%). PH patients exhibited higher rates of adverse cardiovascular events (15.7% vs 0.3% without PH, p <0.001) and mortality (0.9% vs 0.01% without PH, p <0.001). Mixed PH and Group 2 PH had the highest prevalence of adverse cardiovascular events in the World Health Organization PH groups. Patients with PH had a significantly higher nonelective 30-day readmission rate (10.4% vs 2.3%) and maternal adverse obstetric events (24.2% vs 9.1%) compared with those without PH (p <0.001) (Figure 1). In conclusion, pregnant women with PH had significantly higher adverse event rates, including in-hospital maternal mortality (85-fold), compared with those without PH. © 2024
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Predicted 30-Year Risk of Maternal Cardiovascular Disease 2-7 Years after Delivery; OBJECTIVE:To determine whether adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with a higher predicted 30-year risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD; ie, coronary artery disease or stroke).METHODS:This was a secondary analysis of the prospective Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study-Monitoring Mothers-to-Be Heart Health Study longitudinal cohort. The exposures were adverse pregnancy outcomes during the first pregnancy (ie, gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM], hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, preterm birth, and small- and large-for-gestational-age [SGA, LGA] birth weight) modeled individually and secondarily as the cumulative number of adverse pregnancy outcomes (ie, none, one, two or more). The outcome was the 30-year risk of atherosclerotic CVD predicted with the Framingham Risk Score assessed at 2-7 years after delivery. Risk was measured both continuously in increments of 1% and categorically, with high predicted risk defined as a predicted risk of atherosclerotic CVD of 10% or more. Linear regression and modified Poisson models were adjusted for baseline covariates.RESULTS:Among 4,273 individuals who were assessed at a median of 3.1 years after delivery (interquartile range 2.5-3.7), the median predicted 30-year atherosclerotic CVD risk was 2.2% (interquartile range 1.4-3.4), and 1.8% had high predicted risk. Individuals with GDM (least mean square 5.93 vs 4.19, adjusted β=1.45, 95% CI, 1.14-1.75), hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (4.95 vs 4.22, adjusted β=0.49, 95% CI, 0.31-0.68), and preterm birth (4.81 vs 4.27, adjusted β=0.47, 95% CI, 0.24-0.70) were more likely to have a higher absolute risk of atherosclerotic CVD. Similarly, individuals with GDM (8.7% vs 1.4%, adjusted risk ratio [RR] 2.02, 95% CI, 1.14-3.59), hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (4.4% vs 1.4%, adjusted RR 1.91, 95% CI, 1.17-3.13), and preterm birth (5.0% vs 1.5%, adjusted RR 2.26, 95% CI, 1.30-3.93) were more likely to have a high predicted risk of atherosclerotic CVD. A greater number of adverse pregnancy outcomes within the first birth was associated with progressively greater risks, including per 1% atherosclerotic CVD risk (one adverse pregnancy outcome: 4.86 vs 4.09, adjusted β=0.59, 95% CI, 0.43-0.75; two or more adverse pregnancy outcomes: 5.51 vs 4.09, adjusted β=1.16, 95% CI, 0.82-1.50), and a high predicted risk of atherosclerotic CVD (one adverse pregnancy outcome: 3.8% vs 1.0%, adjusted RR 2.33, 95% CI, 1.40-3.88; two or more adverse pregnancy outcomes: 8.7 vs 1.0%, RR 3.43, 95% CI, 1.74-6.74). Small and large for gestational age were not consistently associated with a higher atherosclerotic CVD risk.CONCLUSION:Individuals who experienced adverse pregnancy outcomes in their first birth were more likely to have a higher predicted 30-year risk of CVD measured at 2-7 years after delivery. The magnitude of risk was higher with a greater number of adverse pregnancy outcomes experienced. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Analysis of Heart Rate Variability in Newborns Dogs with Different Types of Delivery during the First 35 Days of Life; The present study aimed to evaluate the influence of the autonomic nervous system on cardiovascular function during the first 35 days of life in different types of delivery, using heart rate variability (HRV) indices. Thirty newborns were equally divided into two groups based on delivery type: eutocic delivery (EG) and emergency cesarean section (CG). Electrocardiographic evaluation was performed at birth (T0), 24 h postpartum (T1), and at 7, 14, 21, 28, and 35 days of life (T2 to T6). Physical parameters, neonatal reflexes, and Apgar scores were recorded. Over 35 days, the values of the time domain indices were higher in the GE group and increased with age. In the frequency domain, the low frequency (LF) index was higher in the CG, and the opposite occurred for the high frequency (HF) index. Since the CG presented lower HRV than the EG, it was shown that the type of delivery should be considered for the assessment of autonomic nervous system activity in neonates. Thus, as predictive factors of vitality, HRV and Apgar scores can help in the face of neonatal depression, demonstrating that delivery by emergency cesarean section can predispose newborns to delays in the autonomic influence on the heart. © 2024 by the authors.
Fetal monitoring technologies for the detection of intrapartum hypoxia - challenges and opportunities; Intrapartum fetal hypoxia is related to long-term morbidity and mortality of the fetus and the mother. Fetal surveillance is extremely important to minimize the adverse outcomes arising from fetal hypoxia during labour. Several methods have been used in current clinical practice to monitor fetal well-being. For instance, biophysical technologies including cardiotocography, ST-analysis adjunct to cardiotocography, and Doppler ultrasound are used for intrapartum fetal monitoring. However, these technologies result in a high false-positive rate and increased obstetric interventions during labour. Alternatively, biochemical-based technologies including fetal scalp blood sampling and fetal pulse oximetry are used to identify metabolic acidosis and oxygen deprivation resulting from fetal hypoxia. These technologies neither improve clinical outcomes nor reduce unnecessary interventions during labour. Also, there is a need to link the physiological changes during fetal hypoxia to fetal monitoring technologies. The objective of this article is to assess the clinical background of fetal hypoxia and to review existing monitoring technologies for the detection and monitoring of fetal hypoxia. A comprehensive review has been made to predict fetal hypoxia using computational and machine-learning algorithms. The detection of more specific biomarkers or new sensing technologies is also reviewed which may help in the enhancement of the reliability of continuous fetal monitoring and may result in the accurate detection of intrapartum fetal hypoxia. © 2024 The Author(s). Published by IOP Publishing Ltd.
Lifetime Duration of Breastfeeding and Cardiovascular Risk in Women With Type 2 Diabetes or a History of Gestational Diabetes: Findings From Two Large Prospective Cohorts; OBJECTIVE Breastfeeding duration is inversely associated with risks of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes in parous women. However, the association among women at high risk, including women with type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is unclear. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We included 15,146 parous women with type 2 diabetes from the Nurses’ Health StudyIandII(NHS,NHSII)and4,537womenwithahistoryofGDMfromNHSII.Participants reported history of breastfeeding via follow-up questionnaires. Incident CVD by 2017 comprised stroke or coronary heart disease (CHD) (myocardial infarction, coronary revascularization). Adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) and 95% CIs were estimated using Cox models. RESULTS We documented 1,159 incident CVD cases among women with type 2 diabetes in both cohorts during 188,874 person-years of follow-up and 132 incident CVD cases among women with a GDM history during 100,218 person-years of follow-up. Longer lifetime duration of breastfeeding was significantly associated with lower CVD risk among women with type 2 diabetes, with pooled aHR of 0.68 (95% CI 0.54–0.85) for >18 months versus 0 months and 0.94 (0.91–0.98) per 6-month increment in breastfeeding. Similar associations were observed with CHD (pooled aHR 0.93 [0.88–0.97]) but not with stroke (0.96 [0.91–1.02]) per 6-month increment in breastfeeding. Among women with GDM history, >18 months versus 0 months of breastfeeding wasassociatedwithanaHRof0.49(0.28–0.86) for total CVD. CONCLUSIONS Longer duration of breastfeeding was associated with lower risk of CVD in women with type 2 diabetes or GDM. © 2024 by the American Diabetes Association.
Study Design and Protocol of the Multisite Pregnancy 24/7 Cohort Study; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and other adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with an increased risk of future maternal cardiovascular disease. Physical activity during pregnancy reduces the risk of these APOs, yet few meet physical activity guidelines during pregnancy. Little is known about the role of sedentary behavior or sleep in APOs, a critical gap in knowledge given these behaviors comprise the majority of a 24-hour day. To address this knowledge gap, the Pregnancy 24/7 cohort study (2020–2025) uses 2 devices for 24-hour activity assessment in each trimester of pregnancy to examine associations of sedentary behavior, sleep, and the 24-hour activity cycle (composition of sedentary behavior, physical activity, and sleep) with hypertensive disorders and other APOs. Participants (n = 500) are recruited from the University of Iowa, University of Pittsburgh, and West Virginia University in early pregnancy and followed through delivery. The activPAL3 micro and Actiwatch Spectrum Plus are worn in each trimester for 7 days of 24-hour wear to assess the 24-hour activity cycle. APOs are abstracted from medical charts. This study will provide critical data to fuel future research examining how modifying the 24-hour activity cycle in pregnancy can improve maternal health. © The Author(s) 2023. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. All rights reserved.
Maternal cardiovascular adaptation to pregnancy in obese pregnant women; Introduction: Obesity is known to be associated with cardiovascular compromise and a major risk factor for the development of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy. However, little is known about the effect of obesity on maternal cardiac function. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of obesity on the maternal cardiovascular system. Material and methods: This was a prospective, observational, longitudinal study. Pregnant women with booking body mass index (BMI) ≥30 kg/m2 were compared with pregnant women with normal booking BMI 20–24.9 kg/m2. Participants were seen at three time points during pregnancy; 12–14, 20–24 and 30–32 weeks. At all visits, maternal blood pressure (BP) was measured, and cardiac geometry and function were assessed using two-dimensional trans-thoracic echocardiography. Multilevel linear mixed-effects models were used for all the comparisons. Results: Fifty-nine pregnant women with obesity were compared with 14 pregnant women with normal BMI. In women with obesity, the maternal BP, heart rate and cardiac output were higher and peripheral vascular resistance was lower (p < 0.01 for all comparisons) compared with normal BMI women. Women with obesity had altered cardiac geometry with higher left ventricular end diastolic diameter, intraventricular septal thickness, posterior wall diameter, relative wall thickness and left ventricular mass (p < 0.001 for all comparisons). There was also evidence of impaired diastolic indices in the obese group with a lower E/A ratio, tissue Doppler imaging E′ lateral and medial and higher left atrial volume (p < 0.01 for all comparisons). Finally, women with obesity had reduced longitudinal function, as assessed by mitral plane annular systolic excursion, between the second and third trimester of pregnancy, indicating possible early cardiac dysfunction in this group. Conclusions: Obesity is associated with maternal hyperdynamic circulation, altered cardiac geometry and suboptimal diastolic function, compared with normal BMI pregnant women, and these factors may contribute to the increased risk of complications in obese pregnant women. © 2024 The Authors. Acta Obstetricia et Gynecologica Scandinavica published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Nordic Federation of Societies of Obstetrics and Gynecology (NFOG).
Rheumatoid arthritis and cardiovascular complications during delivery: a United States inpatient analysis; Background and Persons with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) have an increased risk of obstetric-associated complications, as well as long-term Aims cardiovascular (CV) risk. Hence, the aim was to evaluate the association of RA with acute CV complications during delivery admissions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Methods Data from the National Inpatient Sample (2004–2019) were queried utilizing ICD-9 or ICD-10 codes to identify delivery hospitalizations and a diagnosis of RA. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Results A total of 12 789 722 delivery hospitalizations were identified, of which 0.1% were among persons with RA (n = 11 979). Individuals with RA, vs. those without, were older (median 31 vs. 28 years, P < .01) and had a higher prevalence of chronic hypertension, chronic diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus, obesity, and dyslipidaemia (P < .01). After adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, comorbidities, insurance, and income, RA remained an independent risk factor for peripartum CV complications including preeclampsia [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 1.37 (95% confidence interval 1.27–1.47)], peripartum cardiomyopathy [aOR 2.10 (1.11–3.99)], and arrhythmias [aOR 2.00 (1.68–2.38)] compared with no RA. Likewise, the risk of acute kidney injury and venous thromboembolism was higher with RA. An overall increasing trend of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus, and acute CV complications was also observed among individuals with RA from 2004–2019. For resource utilization, length of stay and cost of hospitalization were higher for deliveries among persons with RA. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Conclusions Pregnant persons with RA had higher risk of preeclampsia, peripartum cardiomyopathy, arrhythmias, acute kidney injury, and venous thromboembolism during delivery hospitalizations. Furthermore, cardiometabolic risk factors among pregnant individuals with RA rose over this 15-year period. Structured Graphical Abstract Key Question Are pregnant women with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) at higher risk of acute cardiovascular complications at the time of admission for delivery? Key Finding In a 15-year analysis of 12 million delivery admissions from 2004-2019 in the U.S., women with RA had elevated peripartum cardiovascular complications. The study also noted a rising trend in cardiometabolic risk factors among pregnant women with RA. Take Home Message RA is an independent risk factor for peripartum cardiovascular complications. This study underscores the importance of optimizing and addressing cardiometabolic health before, during, and after pregnancy. Acute peripartum cardiovascular complications with rheumatoid arthritis NIS (2004−2019) 12 789 722 Baseline characteristics With RA Age Without RA 11 979 (0.1%) 31 (27-35)[p<.01]vs. 28 (24-32) 12 777 743 (99.9%) Chronic hypertension 1.5% vs. 0.7% [p<.01] Obesity 6.8% vs. 4.0% [p<.01] Dyslipidaemia 0.7% vs. 0.1% [p<.01] GDM 5.9% vs. 3.8% [p<.01] Adjusted analysis (age, race/ethnicity, comorbidities, Trend analysis insurance, and income) Adjusted odds ratio Preeclampsia 1.37 (1.27-1.47) p<.01 Increase in prevalence of RA Heart failure 2.05 (0.68-6.16) p=0.26 among delivery admissions Cardiac arrhythmias 2.00 (1.68-2.38) p<.01 Acute kidney injury 1.79 (1.05-3.01) p=0.03 Increase in prevalence Stroke 1.01 (0.42-2.44) p=0.98 of cardiometabolic Pulmonary oedema 1.33 (0.66-2.66) p=0.43 risk factors in pregnancy Venous thromboembolism 1.90 (1.05-3.43) p=0.03 Peripartum cardiomyopathy 2.10 (1.11-3.99) p<.01 Increase in acute peripartum utilization Resource cardiovascular complication Length of stay 3 days vs 2 days p<.01 rates with RA Cost of hospitalization $4377 vs $3718 p<.01 Acute peripartum cardiovascular complications with rheumatoid arthritis. RA, rheumatoid arthritis; PCOS, polycystic ovary syndrome; GDM, gestational diabetes mellitus; RA, rheumatoid arthritis; NIS, National Inpatient Sample © 2024 Oxford University Press. All rights reserved.
Biological activities, Molecular mechanisms, and Clinical application of Naringin in Metabolic syndrome; Metabolic syndrome has become major health problems in recent decades, and natural compounds receive considerable attention in the management of metabolic syndrome. Among them, naringin is abundant in citrus fruits and tomatoes. Many studies have investigated the therapeutic effects of naringin in metabolic syndrome. This review discusses in vitro and in vivo studies on naringin and implications for clinical trials on metabolic syndrome such as diabetes mellitus, obesity, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, dyslipidemia, and hypertension over the past decades, overviews the molecular mechanisms by which naringin targets metabolic syndrome, and analyzes possible correlations between the different mechanisms. This review provides a theoretical basis for the further application of naringin in the treatment of metabolic syndrome. © 2024 The Authors
The Impact of Environmental and Occupational Noise on Maternal and Perinatal Pregnancy Outcomes; Importance Pregnant women are exposed to both occupational and environmental noise during their pregnancy. The association between noise and adverse health outcomes is well known. Less is known about the relationship between noise and its effects on the embryo/fetus and pregnancy. Objectives The purpose of the study is to review what is known about the effect(s) of environment and occupational noise during pregnancy on maternal and perinatal outcomes. Evidence Acquisition Electronic databases (PubMed, CINAHL, and Embase) were searched from 1995-2023 with the only limitation being that the articles were in English. Studies were selected that examined associations between environmental and occupational noise and pregnancy outcome, maternal outcome, or perinatal outcome. Results There were 233 articles identified. After reviewing all abstracts and selected full texts, 25 publications were used as the basis of this review. Multiple studies have been undertaken evaluating the effects of noise on embryonal/fetal growth, fetal development, maternal hypertension, gestational diabetes, and maternal anxiety and depression. The overall effects of occupational and environmental exposure on both fetal and maternal outcomes remain uncertain. Conclusions Further high-quality studies are needed to determine the association between noise and pregnancy outcomes. Relevance Even though this review suggests a relationship between noise and maternal/fetal outcomes, confirmation will require well designed future studies. Target Audience Obstetricians and gynecologists, family physicians. Learning Objectives After completing this learning activity, the participant should be able to explain how sound is measured, the thresholds of sound in children and adults, and exposure levels that result in hearing loss; describe the effects of exposure to noise during pregnancy and its effects on adverse pregnancy outcomes; and discuss the effects of environmental and occupational noise on the developing embryo/fetus.  © Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
A Meta-Analysis of Differences in Thyroid and Cardiac Function Between Women with Normal Pregnancies and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objective: This is a meta-analysis of thyroid function (TF) and cardiac function (CF) differences between women with normal pregnancies and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), in order to provide more reliable reference and guidance for the future clinical prevention and treatment of GDM. Methods: Studies on the correlation of GDM with TF and CF were searched in PubMed, Cochrane Library, and other literature databases, and the literature for final analysis was confirmed after screening according to the eligibility criteria. Authors, publication time, research subjects, and endpoints were extracted for meta-analysis using Review 5.3 software. Results: After screening, 10 studies with a total of 2554 subjects were selected, including 1125 GDM patients (GDM group) and 1429 normal pregnant women (control group). All the included papers scored 6-7 points on the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale used for literature quality evaluation, implying high-quality research. In the meta-analysis, the relationship between GDM and TF, TSH, and FT3 increased evidently in the GDM group, while FT4 decreased (P < .05). The meta-analysis of GDM and CF revealed lower LVEF and E/A while higher E/E' in GDM patients compared to the controls (P < .05). The funnel plot showed that the graphs of all the endpoints were basically symmetrical, indicating low publication bias. Conclusion: Given the obvious thyroid dysfunction and cardiac dysfunction in GDM patients, symptomatic intervention measures should be taken actively and timely to improve the safety of GDM patients during pregnancy.
The pregnancy journey of a patient with end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis: A case study; Pregnancy in patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) is considered a very high-risk and is not recommended as it might cause fatal consequences for both the mother and the fetus. Even though chronic kidney disease affects the physiological components of fertility, decreasing the possibility of spontaneous conceptions, unwanted pregnancies still happen, and a small percentage of women with ESRD become pregnant. All women with kidney disease should have access to specialists in renal disease and pregnancy who can support, care for, and monitor them during their pregnancy. We reported a case of a 37-year-old primigravida who has ESRD on hemodialysis. The pregnancy journey was uneasy, but eventually she successfully passed through it. The most challenging issues to treat and manage throughout this pregnancy are anemia, the risks of eclampsia, and uncontrolled hypertension. The management of this patient requires multidisciplinary and shared care monitoring by the nephrologist, obstetrician, and primary care doctor. © 2024 by Author/s.
Peripartum Pharmacotherapy: A Pharmacist’s Guide; Complications throughout the peripartum period may be caused by preexisting conditions or pregnancy-induced conditions and may alter pharmacotherapy management. Pharmacotherapy management during late pregnancy and delivery requires careful consideration due to changing hormones, hemodynamic status, and pharmacokinetics, and concerns for potential maternal and/or fetal morbidity. Increased maternal and fetal monitoring are often required and may lead to therapy changes. Pharmacists, as key members of the interprofessional team, can contribute essential perspective to the management of postpartum pharmacotherapy through assessment and recommendation of appropriate and judicious use of medications. © The Author(s) 2022.
Cardiovascular outcomes 50 years after antenatal exposure to betamethasone: Follow-up of a randomised double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background Antenatal corticosteroids for women at risk of preterm birth reduce neonatal morbidity and mortality, but there is limited evidence regarding their effects on long-term health. This study assessed cardiovascular outcomes at 50 years after antenatal exposure to corticosteroids. Methods and findings We assessed the adult offspring of women who participated in the first randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of antenatal betamethasone for the prevention of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) (1969 to 1974). The first 717 mothers received 2 intramuscular injections of 12 mg betamethasone or placebo 24 h apart and the subsequent 398 received 2 injections of 24 mg betamethasone or equivalent volume of placebo. Follow-up included a health questionnaire and consent to access administrative data sources. The co-primary outcomes were the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors (any of hypertension, hyperlipidaemia, diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus, or prediabetes) and age at first major adverse cardiovascular event (MACE) (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, coronary revascularisation, stroke, admission for peripheral vascular disease, and admission for heart failure). Analyses were adjusted for gestational age at entry, sex, and clustering. Of 1,218 infants born to 1,115 mothers, we followed up 424 (46% of survivors; 212 [50%] female) at mean (standard deviation) age 49.3 (1.0) years. There were no differences between those exposed to betamethasone or placebo for cardiovascular risk factors (159/229 [69.4%] versus 131/195 [67.2%]; adjusted relative risk 1.02, 95% confidence interval [CI] [0.89, 1.18;]; p = 0.735) or age at first MACE (adjusted hazard ratio 0.58, 95% CI [0.23, 1.49]; p = 0.261). There were also no differences in the components of these composite outcomes or in any of the other secondary outcomes. Key limitations were follow-up rate and lack of in-person assessments. Conclusions There is no evidence that antenatal corticosteroids increase the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors or incidence of cardiovascular events up to 50 years of age. Established benefits of antenatal corticosteroids are not outweighed by an increase in adult cardiovascular disease. Copyright: © 2024 Walters et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Association of carotid atherosclerosis markers with all-cause and cardiovascular disease–specific mortality in persons with type 2 diabetes: a causal mediation analysis with glucose variation; Aims: Glucose variation (GV) is independently associated with mortality in patients with diabetes. However, no study has examined the effects of carotid atherosclerosis markers on mortality after considering GV. Our purpose is to investigate the independent effects of carotid atherosclerosis markers in persons with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) after considering GV and the mediation effects of carotid atherosclerosis markers on associations between GV with cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality. Materials and methods: This study is a retrospective cohort study including 3628 persons with T2DM who were admitted to a medical center between January 01, 2001 and October 31, 2021. GV was defined as a coefficient of variation (CV) of repeated measurements within a year before the index date (date of first IMT assessment). Carotid atherosclerosis markers included intima–media thickness (IMT), plaque, and stenosis. The outcomes consisted of all-cause and expanded cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality. Cox proportional hazards models were applied. Results: Among the participants, 286 (7.9%) had IMT ≥ 2 mm, 2834 (78.1%) had carotid plaque, and 464 (12.8%) had carotid stenosis ≥ 50%. When GV was considered, IMT, carotid plaque, and carotid stenosis were significant factors for all-cause mortality (except IMT considering HbA1c-CV) and expanded CVD mortality. IMT was a significant mediator in the associations of fasting plasma glucose (FPG)-CV with all-cause and expanded CVD mortality (2 and 3.19%, respectively), and carotid stenosis was a significant mediator in the association between FPG-CV and expanded CVD mortality (3.83%). Conclusions: Our statistical evaluations show suggests that carotid atherosclerosis markers are important predictors of CVD mortality in persons with T2DM if GV is considered. In addition, IMT and carotid stenosis were significant mediators in the association between GV and mortality. © Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature 2024.
Erratum: Long-term Cardiovascular Disease After Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes (J Clin Endo Metab (2023) DOI: 10.1210/clinem/dgad600); In the above-named article by Rosenberg EA and Seely EW (J Clin Endo Metab. 2023; doi: 10.1210/clinem/dgad600), there were typographical errors within the article: In Table 1, under the column “Pregnancy outcome/reproductive risk factors,” “GD” has been corrected to read “GDM.” In the abbreviations of Table 1, “GD” has been corrected to read “GDM.” In Table 3, under the column “Definition,” in the “Preeclampsia” row, “New onset hypertension (systolic blood pressure ≥140 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure ≥90 mmHg) at ≥20 weeks of gestation without proteinuria or new signs of end-organ dysfunctiona” has been corrected to read “New onset hypertension (systolic blood pressure ≥140 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure ≥90 mmHg) at ≥20 weeks of gestationa.” “New onset hypertension (systolic blood pressure ≥160 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure ≥110 mmHg)b” has been corrected to read “New onset hypertension (systolic blood pressure ≥160 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure ≥110 mmHg) at ≥20 weeks of gestationb.” “Proteinuria (300 mg/24 hour urine, protein/Cr ratio 0.3, dipstick reading 2 + protein)” has been corrected to read “Proteinuria (≥300 mg/24 hour urine, or protein/Cr ratio ≥ 0.3, or dipstick reading ≥2 + protein).” “Thrombocytopenia (platelet count less than 100 000)” has been corrected to read “Thrombocytopenia (platelet count < 100 000 /microL).” “Renal insufficiency (serum Cr >1.1 mg/dL or doubling of the serum Cr)” has been corrected to read “Renal insufficiency (serum Cr >1.1 mg/dL or doubling of the serum Cr in the absence of other kidney disease).” In Table 3, under the column “Definition,” in the “Severe features of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy” row, “Severe features of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy” has been corrected to read “Severe features of hypertensive disorders of pregnancyc.” The following text has been added to the footnotes of the table, “cIn an individual with preeclampsia, the presence of one or more severe features designates a diagnosis of “preeclampsia with severe features.” “Thrombocytopenia (platelet count less than 100 000)” has been corrected to read “Thrombocytopenia (platelet count < 100 000 /microL).” “Renal insufficiency (serum Cr >1.1 mg/dL or doubling of the serum Cr)” has been corrected to read “Renal insufficiency (serum Cr >1.1 mg/dL or doubling of the serum Cr in the absence of other kidney disease).” “Visual symptoms” has been corrected to read “Visual disturbance.” The article has been corrected online. doi: 10.1210/clinem/dgad600. © The Author(s) 2023.
The Effect of Reflexology on the Size of 1-Hour Postpartum Hemorrhage in Nulliparous Women: A Quasi-experimental Clinical Trial; Objectives: Pregnancy and childbirth are physiological and exciting processes in the life of every woman and family. Although the experience of childbirth is inherently unpredictable, it should be a positive event with minimal risk. Postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) is a complication of labor that requires effective preventive interventions, especially in low-income countries. Although maternal mortality has decreased in recent decades in developing and developed countries due to adopting preventive policies, the number of maternal deaths in these countries is still a concerning issue. Reflexology affects physiological and psychological stimuli. Various studies have been performed on the effect of chemical and herbal medicines on reducing PPH. Due to the importance of controlling PPH in the life of mother and child, this study aimed to investigate the effect of reflexology on reducing PPH in comparison with routine hospital care. Methods: This was a quasi-experimental clinical trial. A total of 88 research samples, nulliparous women referring to selected hospitals in Isfahan for vaginal delivery, were selected using convenience random sampling method with the inclusion criteria and then were randomly divided into two groups. The instrument of this study was a questionnaire consisting of three parts: 1. Personal characteristics (demographic characteristics and gestational age), 2. Characteristics and consequences of delivery (PPH and vital signs in the first hour after delivery (fourth stage of labor)), 3. Used instrument to measure PPH (ruler). Results: The results showed no significant difference between the studied subjects regarding demographic characteristics and gestational age. The difference in hemorrhage rate between the two groups was statistically significant. The difference in mean pulse rate (P = 0.003), and systolic and diastolic blood pressure in the first 15 minutes after delivery (P= 0.005, P = 0.003) was significant. However, the difference in the mean of these scales in 16-60 minutes and the criteria of temperature and respiratory rate in 0-60 minutes after delivery was not significant. Conclusions: According to the results of this study, reflexology not only can have a direct effect on reducing the duration of labor but also indirectly affect the reduction of PPH. The results of reviewing the maternal vital signs are a relative confirmation of this effect. Therefore, considering the safety of the reflexology method, it can be substituted for drug methods that mostly have side effects. © 2023 The Author(s).
Effects of maternal exercise on infant mesenchymal stem cell mitochondrial function, insulin action, and body composition in infancy; Maternal exercise (ME) has been established as a useful non-pharmacological intervention to improve infant metabolic health; however, mechanistic insight behind these adaptations remains mostly confined to animal models. Infant mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) give rise to infant tissues (e.g., skeletal muscle), and remain involved in mature tissue maintenance. Importantly, these cells maintain metabolic characteristics of an offspring donor and provide a model for the investigation of mechanisms behind infant metabolic health improvements. We used undifferentiated MSC to investigate if ME affects infant MSC mitochondrial function and insulin action, and if these adaptations are associated with lower infant adiposity. We found that infants from exercising mothers have improvements in MSC insulin signaling related to higher MSC respiration and fat oxidation, and expression and activation of energy-sensing and redox-sensitive proteins. Further, we found that infants exposed to exercise in utero were leaner at 1 month of age, with a significant inverse correlation between infant MSC respiration and infant adiposity at 6 months of age. These data suggest that infants from exercising mothers are relatively leaner, and this is associated with higher infant MSC mitochondrial respiration, fat use, and insulin action. © 2024 The Authors. Physiological Reports published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of The Physiological Society and the American Physiological Society.
Impact of type 2 diabetes on complications after primary breast cancer surgery: Danish population-based cohort study; Background: Knowledge is sparse on the impact of type 2 diabetes (T2D) on surgical outcomes after breast cancer surgery. This study investigated the association between T2D and risk of complications after primary breast cancer surgery, and evaluated the biological interaction between T2D and co-morbidities. Methods: Using the Danish Breast Cancer Group clinical database, a cohort of all Danish women diagnosed with early-stage breast cancer during 1996-2022 was created. All patients underwent mastectomy or breast-conserving surgery. Information on prevalent T2D was collected from Danish medical and prescription registries. Surgical complications were defined as hospital diagnoses for medical or surgical complications developing within 30 days after primary breast cancer surgery. The 30-day cumulative incidence proportion of complications was calculated, and Cox regression was used to estimate HRs. Interaction contrasts were computed to determine the additive interaction between T2D and co-morbidities on the incidence rate of complications. Results: Among 98 589 women with breast cancer, 6332 (6.4%) had T2D at breast cancer surgery. Overall, 1038 (16.4%) and 9861 (10.7%) women with and without T2D developed surgical complications, yielding cumulative incidence proportions of 16 (95% c.i. 15 to 17) and 11 (10 to 11)% respectively, and a HR of 1.43 (95% c.i. 1.34 to 1.53). The incidence rate of surgical complications explained by the interaction of T2D with moderate and severe co-morbidity was 21 and 42%, respectively. Conclusion: Women with breast cancer and T2D had a higher risk of complications after primary breast cancer surgery than those without T2D. A synergistic effect of T2D and co-morbidity on surgical complications can explain this association.  © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of BJS Foundation Ltd.
In vivo mitochondria-targeted protection against uterine artery vascular dysfunction and remodelling in rodent hypoxic pregnancy; Abstract: Gestational hypoxia adversely affects uterine artery function, increasing complications. However, an effective therapy remains unidentified. Here, we show in rodent uterine arteries that hypoxic pregnancy promotes hypertrophic remodelling, increases constrictor reactivity via protein kinase C signalling, and triggers compensatory dilatation via nitric oxide-dependent mechanisms and stimulation of large conductance Ca2+-activated K+-channels. Maternal in vivo oral treatment with the mitochondria-targeted antioxidant MitoQ in hypoxic pregnancy normalises uterine artery reactivity and prevents vascular remodelling. From days 6–20 of gestation (term ∼22 days), female Wistar rats were randomly assigned to normoxic or hypoxic (13–14% O2) pregnancy ± daily maternal MitoQ treatment (500 µm in drinking water). At 20 days of gestation, maternal, placental and fetal tissue was frozen to determine MitoQ uptake. The uterine arteries were harvested and, in one segment, constrictor and dilator reactivity was determined by wire myography. Another segment was fixed for unbiased stereological analysis of vessel morphology. Maternal administration of MitoQ in both normoxic and hypoxic pregnancy crossed the placenta and was present in all tissues analysed. Hypoxia increased uterine artery constrictor responses to norepinephrine, angiotensin II and the protein kinase C activator, phorbol 12,13-dibutyrate. Hypoxia enhanced dilator reactivity to sodium nitroprusside, the large conductance Ca2+-activated K+-channel activator NS1619 and ACh via increased nitric oxide-dependent mechanisms. Uterine arteries from hypoxic pregnancy showed increased wall thickness and MitoQ treatment in hypoxic pregnancy prevented all effects on uterine artery reactivity and remodelling. The data support mitochondria-targeted therapy against adverse changes in uterine artery structure and function in high-risk pregnancy. (Figure presented.). Key points: Dysfunction and remodelling of the uterine artery are strongly implicated in many pregnancy complications, including advanced maternal age, maternal hypertension of pregnancy, maternal obesity, gestational diabetes and pregnancy at high altitude. Such complications not only have immediate adverse effects on the growth of the fetus, but also they can also increase the risk of cardiovascular disease in the mother and offspring. Despite this, there is a significant unmet clinical need for therapeutics that treat uterine artery vascular dysfunction in adverse pregnancy. Here, we show in a rodent model of gestational hypoxia that in vivo oral treatment of the mitochondria-targeted antioxidant MitoQ protects against uterine artery vascular dysfunction and remodelling, supporting the use of mitochondria-targeted therapy against adverse changes in uterine artery structure and function in high-risk pregnancy. © 2024 The Authors. The Journal of Physiology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of The Physiological Society.
Beneficial effects of dietary omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on offspring brain development in gestational diabetes mellitus; Various mechanisms through which maternal diet influences offspring brain development in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains unclear. We speculate that prenatal omega 3 fatty acids will improve the levels of brain neurotrophins and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), an angiogenic factor leading to improved cognitive performance in the offspring. GDM was induced in Wistar rats using streptozotocin. They were assigned to either control, GDM or GDM+O (GDM + omega-3 fatty acid supplementation). The offspring were followed till 3 mo of age and cognitive assessment was undertaken. Data analysis was carried out using one-way ANOVA followed by LSD test. GDM induction increased (p < 0.01) dam glucose levels and lowered brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels (p = 0.056) in the offspring at birth. At 3 months, GDM group showed significantly lower levels of neurotrophic tyrosine kinase receptor-2 (NTRK-2) and VEGF, lower mRNA levels of NTRK-2 and cAMP response element-binding protein (CREB) (P < 0.05 for all) as compared to control. The GDM offspring had a higher escape latency (p < 0.01), made lesser % correct choices and more errors (p < 0.05 for both). Prenatal supplementation with omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids was beneficial since it ameliorated some of the adverse effects of GDM. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd
Inclusion of Pregnant Women in Clinical Trials: Need, Ethical and Scientific Considerations and Current Status; This article summarizes all aspects related to the exclusion and inclusion of pregnant women in clinical trials. Historically to date, pregnant women were observed as most excluded population from clinical research. There are various scientific as well as ethical reasons behind their exclusion. However, given the burden of various illnesses and diseases during pregnancy, there is a need to include them in clinical research. Available data regarding safety and efficacy of medicinal products were also collected from accidental exposure. But these evidences are insufficient to give results. Various ethical aspects and scientific reasons are also given proper evidences to include pregnant women in clinical trials. In this review, we have summarized data from clinicaltrials.gov.in on completed clinical trials exclusively on pregnant women and ongoing clinical trials in pregnant women to find out the current status of pregnant women in clinical research. There is a need to consider designing of clinical trials in pregnant women in such a way that fear of any harm should be overcome, such that more pregnant women can participate in clinical trials. © The Author(s). 2024 Open Access.
Incident Cardiovascular Disease in Women With Type 1 or Type 2 Diabetes Following a Hypertensive Disorder of Pregnancy; BACKGROUND: The extent to which a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy is associated with incident cardiovascular disease also among women with diabetes is unknown. METHODS: In this nationwide register-based cohort study, parous women aged 18 to 69 years with a first delivery in the Swedish Medical Birth Register, regardless of diabetic status at that time, and a subsequent clinical visit in the Swedish National Diabetes Register were included. Time to first cardiovascular disease event (myocardial infarction, stroke, or heart failure) before age 70 years by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy history was separately analyzed by diabetes type using Cox regression models that included conventional risk factors. RESULTS: In total, 1748 (18.9%) of 9230 women with type 1 and 5904 (10.6%) of 55 773 women with type 2 diabetes had their first delivery complicated by a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy. Median time (25-75th percentile) between first delivery and start of follow-up was 3.3 (1.4-13.0) years for women with type 1 and 29.8 (22.4-35.6) years for women with type 2 diabetes. In modeling, the risk for any cardiovascular disease event among women with a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy was generally 10% to 20% higher, with main models estimating hazard ratios to 1.20 (95% CI, 0.99-1.47) for women with type 1 and 1.15 (95% CI, 1.02-1.29) for women with type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: In women with diabetes, a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy was associated with an increased risk of incident cardiovascular disease and should be considered as a risk enhancer. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Long-term Cardiovascular Disease After Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are cardiovascular risk factors that are unique to women and include gestational diabetes (GDM) and preeclampsia. While these risk factors emerge during the reproductive years and allow for early risk reduction counseling, they are often overlooked and not elicited by providers. This mini-review focuses primarily on GDM and preeclampsia, their relationship with CVD, mechanisms by which these conditions lead to CVD, and management, pharmacological and nonpharmacological, for the clinician who is caring for a woman with a history of an APO.  © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
In utero exposure to maternal diabetes exacerbates dietary sodium intake-induced endothelial dysfunction by activating cyclooxygenase 2-derived prostanoids; Prenatal exposure to maternal diabetes has been recognized as a significant cardiovascular risk factor, increasing the susceptibility to the emergence of conditions such as high blood pressure, atherosclerosis, and heart disease in later stages of life. However, it is unclear if offspring exposed to diabetes in utero have worse vascular outcomes on a high-salt (HS) diet. To test the hypothesis that in utero exposure to maternal diabetes predisposes to HS-induced vascular dysfunction, we treated adult male wild-type offspring (DM_Exp, 6 mo old) of diabetic Ins2þ /C96Y mice (Akita mice) with HS (8% sodium chloride, 10 days) and analyzed endothelial function via wire myograph and cyclooxygenase (COX)-derived prostanoids pathway by ELISA, quantitative PCR, and immunochemistry. On a regular diet, DM_Exp mice did not manifest any vascular dysfunction, remodeling, or inflammation. However, HS increased aortic contractility to phenylephrine and induced endothelial dysfunction (analyzed by acetylcholine-induced endothelium-dependent relaxation), vascular hydrogen peroxide production, COX2 expression, and prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) overproduction. Interestingly, ex vivo antioxidant treatment (tempol) or COX1/2 (indomethacin) or COX2 (NS398) inhibitors improved or reverted the endothelial dysfunction in DM_Exp mice fed a HS diet. Finally, DM_Exp mice fed with HS exhibited greater circulating cytokines and chemokines accompanied by vascular inflammation. In summary, our findings indicate that prenatal exposure to maternal diabetes predisposes to HS-induced vascular dysfunction, primarily through the induction of oxidative stress and the generation of COX2-derived PGE2. This supports the concept that in utero exposure to maternal diabetes is a cardiovascular risk factor in adulthood. © 2024 the American Physiological Society.
IGF-1 and IGF-2 as Molecules Linked to Causes and Consequences of Obesity from Fetal Life to Adulthood: A Systematic Review; This study examines the impact of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and insulin-like growth factor 2 (IGF-2) on various aspects of children’s health—from the realms of growth and puberty to the nuanced characteristics of metabolic syndrome, diabetes, liver pathology, carcinogenic potential, and cardiovascular disorders. A comprehensive literature review was conducted using PubMed, with a Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) method employing specific keywords related to child health, obesity, and insulin-like growth factors. This study reveals associations between insulin-like growth factor 1 and birth weight, early growth, and adiposity. Moreover, insulin-like growth factors play a pivotal role in regulating bone development and height during childhood, with potential implications for puberty onset. This research uncovers insulin-like growth factor 1 and insulin-like growth factor 2 as potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets for metabolic dysfunction-associated liver disease and hepatocellular carcinoma, and it also highlights the association between insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) and cancer. Additionally, this research explores the impact of insulin-like growth factors on cardiovascular health, noting their role in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy. Insulin-like growth factors play vital roles in human physiology, influencing growth and development from fetal stages to adulthood. The impact of maternal obesity on children’s IGF levels is complex, influencing growth and carrying potential metabolic consequences. Imbalances in IGF levels are linked to a range of health conditions (e.g., insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes), prompting researchers to seek novel therapies and preventive strategies, offering challenges and opportunities in healthcare. © 2024 by the authors.
Prenatal and Postnatal Disparities in Very-Preterm Infants in a Study of Infections between 2018–2023 in Southeastern US; Background: The birthrate of Black preterm (BPT) infants is 65% higher than White preterm (WPT) infants with a BPT mortality that is 2.3 times higher. The incidence of culture-positive late-onset sepsis is as high as 41% in very-preterm infants. The main purpose of this study was to examine thermal gradients and the heart rate in relation to the onset of infection. This report presents disparities in very-preterm infection incidence, bacteria, and mortality data amongst BPT and WPT infants. Methods: 367 preterms born at <32 weeks gestational age (GA) between 2019–2023 in five neonatal intensive care units (NICUs) were enrolled to study the onset of infections and dispositions; REDCap data were analyzed for descriptive statistics. Results: The 362 infants for analyses included 227 BPTs (63.7%) and 107 WPTs (29.6%), with 28 infants of other races/ethnicities (Hispanic, Asian, and other), 50.6% female, mean GA of 27.66 weeks, and 985.24 g birthweight. BPT infants averaged 968.56 g at birth (SD 257.50), and 27.68 (SD 2.07) weeks GA, compared to WPT infants with a mean birthweight of 1006.25 g (SD 257.77, p = 0.2313) and 27.67 (SD 2.00, p = 0.982) weeks GA. Of the 426 episodes of suspected infections evaluated across all the enrolled infants, the incidence of early-onset sepsis (EOS) was 1.9%, with BPT infants having 2.50 times higher odds of EOS than WPT infants (p = 0.4130, OR (odds ratio) = 2.50, p_or = 0.408). The overall incidence of late-onset sepsis (LOS) was 10.8%, with LOS in 11.9% of BPT infants versus 9.3% (p = 0.489, OR = 1.21, p_or = 0.637) of WPT infants. BPT infants made up 69.2% of the 39 infants with Gram-positive infections vs. 25.6% for WPT infants; 16 infants had Gram-negative culture-positive infections, with 81.2% being BPT infants versus 18.8% being WPT infants. Of the 27 urinary tract infections, 78% were in BPTs. The necrotizing enterocolitis incidence was 6.9%; the incidence in BPT infants was 7.5% vs. 6.5% in WPT infants. The overall mortality was 8.3%, with BPTs at 8.4% vs. WPT infants at 9.3%, (p = 0.6715). Conclusions: BPTs had a higher rate of positive cultures, double the Gram-negative infections, a much higher rate of urinary tract infections, and a higher rate of mortality than their WPT counterparts. This study emphasizes the higher risk of morbidity and mortality for BPTs. © 2024 by the authors.
Clinical Decision Analysis of Genetic Evaluation and Testing in 1013 Intensive Care Unit Infants with Congenital Heart Defects Supports Universal Genetic Testing; Extracardiac anomalies (ECAs) are strong predictors of genetic disorders in infants with congenital heart disease (CHD), but there are no prior studies assessing performance of ECA status as a screen for genetic diagnoses in CHD patients. This retrospective cohort study assessed this in our comprehensive inpatient CHD genetics service focusing on neonates and infants admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU). The performance and diagnostic utility of using ECA status to screen for genetic disorders was assessed using decision curve analysis, a statistical tool to assess clinical utility, determining the threshold of phenotypic screening by ECA versus a Test-All approach. Over 24% of infants had genetic diagnoses identified (n = 244/1013), and ECA-positive status indicated a 4-fold increased risk of having a genetic disorder. However, ECA status had low–moderate screening performance based on predictive summary index, a compositive measure of positive and negative predictive values. For those with genetic diagnoses, nearly one-third (32%, 78/244) were ECA-negative but had cytogenetic and/or monogenic disorders identified by genetic testing. Thus, if the presence of multiple congenital anomalies is the phenotypic driver to initiate genetic testing, 13.4% (78/580) of infants with isolated CHD with identifiable genetic causes will be missed. Given the prevalence of genetic disorders and limited screening performance of ECA status, this analysis supports genetic testing in all CHD infants in intensive care settings rather than screening based on ECA. © 2024 by the authors.
Knowledge, attitude and practices of insulin therapy among patients with type 2 diabetes: a cross-sectional study; Objectives This study aimed to assess the knowledge, attitude and practices of patients with type 2 diabetes on insulin regarding insulin therapy. Design A cross-sectional study. Setting This study was conducted at the Dubai Diabetes Center from 1 December 2018 to 1 March 2020. Participants Face-to-face interviews were conducted for 350 participants with type 2 diabetes at the Dubai Diabetes Center. Interviews followed the structured format of a questionnaire designed to obtain demographic details and score participants on knowledge, attitude and practices. We included patients aged >18 years and receiving insulin therapy. Patients with type 1 diabetes, pregnant women with gestational diabetes, those aged <18 years or those with a history of dementia were excluded. Results The median age of participants was 61 years (first quartile, 53 years; third quartile, 67 years); 35.7% were male individuals and 64.3% were female individuals. The median percentage scores for knowledge, attitude and practices were 62.5% (62.5%, 75%), 85.7% (71.4%, 100%) and 77.7% (66.6%, 88.8%), respectively. Highly educated participants had a high level of knowledge. Significant negative correlations were found between the percentage knowledge scores and participants’ age and between the participants’ percentage attitude scores and haemoglobin A1C levels; Spearman’s correlations were −0.182 (p<0.001) and −0.14 (p=0.008), respectively. A significant positive Spearman’s correlation of 0.123 (p=0.021) was found between the percentage knowledge and percentage practice scores. No correlations were found among knowledge levels, participants’ haemoglobin A1c levels and duration of insulin use. Conclusion Patients with type 2 diabetes receiving insulin therapy and attending the Dubai Diabetes Center had adequate knowledge, a positive attitude and correct practice regarding insulin therapy. However, knowledge of specific facts did not always translate into correct behaviours and practices. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2024.
Does gestational diabetes mellitus increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? A Mendelian randomization study; Purpose: In recent years, epidemiological studies have revealed the relationship between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). In this study, we utilized Mendelian randomization (MR) to investigate the potential causal impact of GDM on cardiovascular disease for the first time. Methods: We retrieved summary statistics from published genome-wide association studies. MR was first performed using significant SNPs extracted from the eighth data release of the FinnGen study. Next, a replication analysis for coronary artery disease (CAD) was conducted in another European ancestry population to validate our findings. Finally, mediation analysis was carried out to assess potential mediation effects. Results: Our data analysis revealed that genetically predicted GDM was significantly associated with increased CAD risk (OR 1.10, 95% CI 1.02–1.18, p 0.006). Replication analysis confirmed a significant genetic association between GDM and CAD (OR 1.07, 95% CI 1.02–1.12, p 0.003) in another European ancestry population. Mediation analysis indicated no significant mediation effect by type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) on the GDM–CAD relationship (mediation effect β [95% CI]: 0.005 [−0.003, −0.017]). Conclusion: Women with a prior history of GDM face an elevated risk of future CAD. This increased risk of CAD cannot be solely attributed to the subsequent onset of diabetes. Regular CAD risk assessment and primary prevention strategies are of paramount importance for women with a history of GDM. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Italian Society of Endocrinology (SIE) 2023.
The Renin–Angiotensin System and Cardiovascular–Kidney–Metabolic Syndrome: Focus on Early-Life Programming; The identification of pathological links among metabolic disorders, kidney ailments, and cardiovascular conditions has given rise to the concept of cardiovascular–kidney–metabolic (CKM) syndrome. Emerging prenatal risk factors seem to increase the likelihood of CKM syndrome across an individual’s lifespan. The renin–angiotensin system (RAS) plays a crucial role in maternal–fetal health and maintaining homeostasis in cardiovascular, metabolic, and kidney functions. This review consolidates current preclinical evidence detailing how dysregulation of the RAS during pregnancy and lactation leads to CKM characteristics in offspring, elucidating the underlying mechanisms. The multi-organ effects of RAS, influencing fetal programming and triggering CKM traits in offspring, suggest it as a promising reprogramming strategy. Additionally, we present an overview of interventions targeting the RAS to prevent CKM traits. This comprehensive review of the potential role of the RAS in the early-life programming of CKM syndrome aims to expedite the clinical translation process, ultimately enhancing outcomes in cardiovascular–kidney–metabolic health. © 2024 by the authors.
Role of Fetal Cardiac ECHO and Fetal Cardiac MRI in Prediction of Post Natal Hemodynamic Maladaptation in Fetuses of Diabetic Mothers; Background: Maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) is defined as a degree of glucose intolerance with recognition during pregnancy (pregestational or gestational, type 1 or type 2), and it is estimated to be 15% in pregnant females in 2019. The current study aimed to study the role of fetal echocardiography and fetal cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in anticipation and diagnosis of hemodynamic maladaptation changes in fetuses of diabetic mothers as predictors for (closure of Patent ductus arteriosus (PDA), persistent pulmonary hypertension and diastolic dysfunction) which were confirmed with post-natal echocardiographic and clinical assessment. Methods: This study was an observational follow-up study that included 80 pregnant diabetic females who were following in the specialized clinics of Ain Shams University Hospitals during the period starting from August 2020 till December 2022. Results: Diabetes affected left ventricle (LV) diastolic function and global cardiac function but did not affect LV systolic function (p-value=0.000). Interventricular septum (IVS) thickness had a significant positive correlation with LV-Myocardial performance index (MPI) and indices of DM such as HbA1c. Diastolic dysfunction was the most affected cardiac parameter in infants of diabetic mothers (p-value=0.002). The hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) was the most significant predictor for IVS thickness in diabetic mothers' fetuses, especially with a long duration of DM (p-value=0.012). Conclusion: Fetal echocardiography in diabetic mothers is essential and the gold standard modality not only for diagnosing structural abnormalities but also for evaluating the cardiac function of the fetuses. Fetal cardiac MRI could be considered a complementary imaging modality that uses no ionizing radiation, good tissue contrast, and a larger field of view. © 2024, Lifescience Global. All rights reserved.
Gestational diabetes: The future of mother and their children; Finally, although we thought there was an international consensus for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes, the latest data show that the subject remains debated. However, it is perfectly demonstrated that gestational diabetes is associated with risks for the mother including a risk of type 2 diabetes multiplied by 10. Moreover, these patients are at high risk of cardiovascular disease regardless of glycemic status. Gestational diabetes therefore represents an opportunity since prevention is still possible, and it is necessary to adhere to this prevention in the long term. For the child, the follow-up data also confirm a risk of overweight and obesity, cardiovascular pathologies without ignoring the possible link between hyperglycemia in utero and neurobehavioral disorders. Hyperglycemia in utero would be for the child causing chronic diseases hence the concept of « programming metabolic diseases ». © 2024
Frequency and Clinical Implications of Referrals to Heart Failure Among Patients with Peripartum Cardiomyopathy; Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a rare but significant cause of new-onset heart failure (HF) during the peri- and post-partum periods. Advances in GDMT for HF with reduced ventricular function have led to substantial improvements in survival and quality of life, yet few studies examine the longitudinal care received by patients with PPCM. The aim of this research is to address this gap by retrospectively characterizing patients with PPCM across a multihospital health system and investigating the frequency of cardiology and HF specialty referrals. Understanding whether surveillance and medical management differ among patients referred to HF will help to underscore the importance of referring patients with PPCM to HF specialists for optimal care. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Approach the Patient With Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Obesity; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and obesity are highly prevalent and bidirectionally associated. OSA is underrecognized, however, particularly in women. By mechanisms that overlap with those of obesity, OSA increases the risk of developing, or having poor outcomes from, comorbid chronic disorders and impairs quality of life. Using 2 illustrative cases, we discuss the relationships between OSA and obesity with type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemia, cardiovascular disease, cognitive disturbance, mood disorders, lower urinary tract symptoms, sexual function, and reproductive disorders. The differences in OSA between men and women, the phenotypic variability of OSA, and comorbid sleep disorders are highlighted. When the probability of OSA is high due to consistent symptoms, comorbidities, or both, a diagnostic sleep study is advisable. Continuous positive airway pressure or mandibular advancement splints improve symptoms. Benefits for comorbidities are variable depending on nightly duration of use. By contrast, weight loss and optimization of lifestyle behaviors are consistently beneficial. © The Author(s) 2023.
A novel score to predict left ventricular recovery in peripartum cardiomyopathy derived from the ESC EORP Peripartum Cardiomyopathy Registry; Background and Aims: There are no established clinical tools to predict left ventricular (LV) recovery in women with peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM). Using data from women enrolled in the ESC EORP PPCM Registry, the aim was to derive a prognostic model to predict LV recovery at 6 months and develop the 'ESC EORP PPCM Recovery Score' - a tool for clinicians to estimate the probability of LV recovery. Methods: From 2012 to 2018, 752 women from 51 countries were enrolled. Eligibility included (i) a peripartum state, (ii) signs or symptoms of heart failure, (iii) LV ejection fraction (LVEF) ≤ 45%, and (iv) exclusion of alternative causes of heart failure. The model was derived using data from participants in the Registry and internally validated using bootstrap methods. The outcome was LV recovery (LVEF ≥50%) at six months. An integer score was created. Results: Overall, 465 women had a 6-month echocardiogram. LV recovery occurred in 216 (46.5%). The final model included baseline LVEF, baseline LV end diastolic diameter, human development index (a summary measure of a country's social and economic development), duration of symptoms, QRS duration and pre-eclampsia. The model was well-calibrated and had good discriminatory ability (C-statistic 0.79, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.74-0.83). The model was internally validated (optimism-corrected C-statistic 0.78, 95% CI 0.73-0.82). Conclusions: A model which accurately predicts LV recovery at 6 months in women with PPCM was derived. The corresponding ESC EORP PPCM Recovery Score can be easily applied in clinical practice to predict the probability of LV recovery for an individual in order to guide tailored counselling and treatment.  © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Cardiology.
Risk of major congenital heart disease in pregestational maternal diabetes is modified by hemoglobin A1c; Objectives: The association between pregestational diabetes mellitus (PDM) and risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) is well recognized; however, the importance of glycemic control and other coexisting risk factors during pregnancy is less clear. We sought to determine the relative risk (RR) of major CHD (mCHD) among offspring from pregnancies complicated by PDM and the effect of first-trimester glycemic control on mCHD risk. Methods: We determined the incidence of mCHD (requiring surgery within 1 year of birth or resulting in pregnancy termination or fetal demise) among registered births in Alberta, Canada. Linkage of diabetes status, maximum hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) at < 16 weeks' gestation and other covariates was performed using data from the Alberta Perinatal Health Program registry. Risk of mCHD according to HbA1c was estimated as an adjusted RR (aRR), calculated using log-binomial modeling. Results: Of 1412 cases of mCHD in 594 773 (2.37/1000) births in the study period, mCHD was present in 48/7497 with PDM (6.4/1000; RR, 2.8 (95% CI, 2.1–3.7); P < 0.0001). In the entire cohort, increased maternal age (aRR, 1.03 (95% CI, 1.02–1.04); P < 0.0001) and multiple gestation (aRR, 1.37 (95% CI, 1.1–1.8); P = 0.02) were also associated with mCHD risk, whereas maternal prepregnancy weight > 91 kg was not. The stratified risk for mCHD associated with HbA1c ≤ 6.1%, > 6.1–8.0% and > 8.0% was 4.2/1000, 6.8/1000 and 17.1/1000 PDM/gestational diabetes mellitus births, respectively; the aRR of mCHD associated with PDM and HbA1c > 8.0% was 8.5 (95% CI, 5.0–14.4) compared to those without diabetes and 5.5 (95% CI, 1.6–19.4) compared to PDM with normal HbA1c (≤ 6.1%). Conclusions: PDM is associated with a RR of 2.8 for mCHD, increasing to 8.5 in those with HbA1c > 8%. These data should facilitate refinement of referral indications for high-risk pregnancy screening. © 2023 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology. © 2023 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
The Impact of Periodontal Disease on Preterm Birth and Preeclampsia; This review delves into the possible connection between periodontitis and negative pregnancy outcomes, such as preeclampsia and preterm birth. It highlights the potential influence of an unidentified microbial factor on preeclampsia and the effects of inflammatory responses on the rate of preterm births. Furthermore, it underscores the prevalent occurrence of oral ailments within the populace and their significant repercussions on quality of life. Hormonal fluctuations during pregnancy may exacerbate oral conditions such as pregnancy gingivitis and periodontitis, necessitating bespoke therapeutic approaches that take into account potential fetal ramifications. Periodontal disease, characterized by microbial attack and inflammatory response, results in tissue destruction and tooth loss. The oral cavity’s susceptibility to bacterial colonization, which is primarily due to its role as a site for food intake, is highlighted. Furthermore, research indicates a correlation between inflammatory responses and factors such as prostaglandin E2 and IL-1β, and preterm birth. Therapeutic interventions are a focus of international research, with efforts being aimed at optimizing outcomes through larger studies involving pregnant women. © 2024 by the authors.
A Unique Intersection: Exploring Cerebral Anomalies in Klinefelter Syndrome; Background: Klinefelter syndrome (KS) is the most prevalent sex-chromosome aberration and the leading genetic cause of male hypogonadism. This chromosomal anomaly results in male hypergonadotropic hypogonadism, androgen deficiency, impaired spermatogenesis, and cognitive impairment. On the other hand holoprosencephaly (HPE) is a complex developmental disorder that represents a profound malformation of the human brain, characterized by the failure of midline cleavage of the prosencephalon into the right and left hemispheres. Case Report: The study presents a unique clinical scenario involving the co-occurrence of alobar holoprosencephaly (HPE) and Klinefelter syndrome (KS) in a term male fetus born to a healthy couple with uneventful prenatal ultrasound studies. While Klinefelter syndrome is known for its chromosomal aberrations, the simultaneous presence of HPE raises intriguing questions regarding the potential association between KS and cerebral malformations. Conclusion: This case highlights the importance of further research to explore the underlying mechanisms and implications of this rare intersection, shedding light on previously uncharted territory in the realm of genetic and neurodevelopmental disorders. Copyright© 2024 Ahmadi A et al. Published by Mashhad University of Medical Sciences.
Intrapartum cardiotocography with simultaneous maternal heart rate registration improves neonatal outcome; Background: Intrapartum cardiotocographic monitoring of fetal heart rate by abdominal external ultrasound transducer without simultaneous maternal heart rate recording has been associated with increased risk of early neonatal death and other asphyxia-related neonatal outcomes. It is unclear, however, whether this increase in risk is independently associated with fetal surveillance method or is attributable to other factors. Objective: This study aimed to compare different fetal surveillance methods and their association with adverse short- and long-term fetal and neonatal outcomes in a large retrospective cohort of spontaneous term deliveries. Study Design: Fetal heart rate and maternal heart rate patterns were recorded by cardiotocography during labor in spontaneous term singleton cephalic vaginal deliveries in the Hospital District of Helsinki and Uusimaa, Finland between October 1, 2005, and September 30, 2023. According to the method of cardiotocography monitoring at birth, the cohort was divided into the following 3 groups: women with ultrasound transducer, women with both ultrasound transducer and maternal heart rate transducer, and women with internal fetal scalp electrode. Umbilical artery pH and base excess values, low 1- and 5-minute Apgar scores, need for intubation and resuscitation, neonatal intensive care unit admission for asphyxia, neonatal encephalopathy, and early neonatal death were used as outcome variables. Results: Among the 213,798 deliveries that met the inclusion criteria, the monitoring type was external ultrasound transducer in 81,559 (38.1%), both external ultrasound transducer and maternal heart rate recording in 62,268 (29.1%), and fetal scalp electrode in 69,971 (32.7%) cases, respectively. The rates of both neonatal encephalopathy (odds ratio, 1.48; 95% confidence interval, 1.08–2.02) and severe acidemia (umbilical artery pH <7.00 and/or umbilical artery base excess ≤−12.0 mmol/L) (odds ratio, 2.03; 95% confidence interval, 1.65–2.50) were higher in fetuses of women with ultrasound transducer alone compared with those of women with concurrent external fetal and maternal heart rate recording. Monitoring with ultrasound transducer alone was also associated with increased risk of neonatal intubation for resuscitation (odds ratio, 1.22; 95% confidence interval, 1.03–1.44). A greater risk of severe neonatal acidemia was observed both in the ultrasound transducer (odds ratio, 2.78; 95% confidence interval, 2.23–3.48) and concurrent ultrasound transducer and maternal heart rate recording (odds ratio, 1.37; 95% confidence interval, 1.05–1.78) groups compared with those monitored with fetal scalp electrodes. No difference in risk of neonatal encephalopathy was found between newborns monitored with concurrent ultrasound transducer and maternal heart rate recording and those monitored with fetal scalp electrodes. Conclusion: The use of external ultrasound transducer monitoring of fetal heart rate without simultaneous maternal heart rate recording is associated with higher rates of neonatal encephalopathy and severe neonatal acidemia. We suggest that either external fetal heart rate monitoring with concurrent maternal heart rate recording or internal fetal scalp electrode be used routinely as a fetal surveillance tool in term deliveries. © 2024 The Author(s)
Exercise FITT-V during pregnancy: Association with birth outcomes; Background: Prenatal exercise improves birth outcomes, but research into exercise dose–response effects is limited. Methods: This study is a retrospective, secondary analysis of pooled data from three blinded, prospective, randomized controlled trials. Prenatal exercise frequency, intensity, type, time, and volume (FITT-V) were assessed in supervised sessions throughout pregnancy. Gestational age (GA), neonatal resting heart rate (rHR), morphometrics (body circumferences, weight-to-length and ponderal index) Apgar and reflex scores, and placental measures were obtained at birth. Stepwise regressions and Pearson correlations determined associations between FITT-V and birth outcomes. Results: Prenatal exercise frequency reduces ponderal index (R2 = 0.15, F = 2.76, p =.05) and increased total number of reflexes present at birth (R2 = 0.24, F = 7.89, p <.001), while exercise intensity was related to greater gestational age and birth length (R2 = 0.08, F = 3.14; R2 = 0.12, F = 3.86, respectively; both p =.04); exercise weekly volume was associated with shorter hospital stay (R2 = 0.24, F = 4.73, p =.01). Furthermore, exercise type was associated with placenta size (R2 = 0.47, F = 3.51, p =.01). Conclusions: Prenatal exercise is positively related to birth and placental outcomes in a dose-dependent manner. © 2024 The Authors. Birth Defects Research published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Impact of an Impaired Maternal–Fetal Environment on Death in Children With Congenital Heart Defects Undergoing Surgery in Denmark From 1994 to 2018; BACKGROUND: Studies show that an impaired maternal–fetal environment (iMFE) increases the mortality risk in children with single-ventricle congenital heart defects (CHDs). We investigated the impact of an iMFE on death in children with various surgically corrected CHDs. METHODS AND RESULTS: In this nationwide register-based study, we examined the association between an iMFE (including preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, maternal smoking during pregnancy) and death in a large cohort of children with surgically corrected CHDs in Denmark (1994–2018). Survival analysis was done using Cox regression, adjusted for confounding and mediating covariates. The cohort included 3304 children: 1662 (50.3%) with minor CHD and 1642 (49.7%) with major CHD. Among them, 792 (24%) children were exposed to an iMFE. During the study, there were 290 deaths: 71 (9.3%) in children exposed to an iMFE and 219 (8.7%) in those unexposed. There were no differences in mortality risk between children with CHD exposed to an iMFE and those unexposed (hazard ratio [HR], 1.12 [95% CI, 0.86–1.47]; P=0.4). This was consistent across subgroups, including minor CHD (HR, 0.76 [95% CI, 0.39–1.47]; P=0.4), major CHD (HR, 1.23 [95% CI, 0.92–1.64]; P=0.2), and hypoplastic left heart syndrome/univentricular heart (HR, 1.08 [95% CI, 0.64–1.85]; P=0.8). CONCLUSIONS: Impairment of the maternal–fetal environment did not impact the mortality rate in children with CHD undergoing operation in Denmark from 1994 to 2018. We believe the cause of these discrepant findings to previous studies may be due to differences in the composition of CHD and prenatal maternal health care and health status of the population. © 2024 The Authors.
Abnormal umbilical cord coiling and association with pregnancy factors; The umbilical cord, as a connecting bridge between two lives, plays an important role in fetal development. Though studies on the umbilical cord date back many years, extensive studies on certain umbilical cord characteristics, such as umbilical cord coiling, are rare. Cord coiling, measured by the umbilical coiling index, is a physiological phenomenon that offers resistance to external pressures. Umbilical cord coiling is a result of several factors, both environmental and genetic. However, umbilical cords sometimes coil abnormally, resulting in hypocoiling, hypercoiling, or non-coiling which have significant associations with adverse perinatal outcomes. An all-language literature search was conducted on Medline from 1970 to 2023. The following search terms were used; umbilical cord; umbilical coiling; coiling index; abnormal coiling; perinatal outcomes, and cross-referencing yielded further information. We comprehensively reviewed the literature on umbilical cord coiling, factors contributing to coiling, abnormal coiling of the umbilical cord, and the association with several factors including maternal age, gravida, gestational diabetes mellitus, pre-eclampsia, abruption, birth weight, intrauterine growth retardation, maternal iron status, small for gestational age, fetal heart rate variations, ponderal index, and sought possible explanations. © 2024 The Author.
Prevalence of Gestational Diabetes and its Related Risk Factors among Rural Pregnant Women; Objectives: To estimate the prevalence of gestational diabetes among rural pregnant women and to assess the related risk factors among gestational diabetes mothers in rural areas. Methods: A community-based cross-sectional study was conducted among antenatal mothers between 24 to 28 weeks of gestation in rural areas of Kancheepuram district, Tamil Nadu, for a period of one year from January 2017 to December 2017. Data were collected using a semi-structured questionnaire through face-to-face interviews with antenatal mothers regarding their demographic profi le, obstetric history, nutrition, and lifestyle. The level of stress was assessed using the Perceived Stress Scale. Oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) were performed after an overnight fast of at least 12 hours, with a 75 g glucose load administered, and venous samples were drawn after 2 hours. GDM was diagnosed using specifi c criteria. Results: Out of 244 antenatal mothers, 36 (14.8%) were found to have gestational diabetes. The majority of gestational diabetes mothers were housewives (p=0.02). In the current study, most of the GDM mothers were from lower-middle-class families (p=0.04). GDM mothers with a family history of chronic diseases like diabetes, hypertension, and heart disease (p=0.009), as well as those with an increased number of pregnancies, had a higher risk of gestational diabetes (47.6%), which was statistically signifi cant (p=0.001). Patients with hypertension and thyroid disorders were also at an increased risk of developing diabetes during pregnancy (p=0.04). Past history of surgery (p=0.03), low calorie intake, and nutritional defi ciencies in their diet (p=0.02) were other identifi ed risk factors. Conclusion: This study suggests that the prevalence of gestational diabetes is high among rural antenatal mothers. Therefore, these risk factors should be identifi ed and managed through a risk-based approach to minimize the complications of GDM in both the mother and fetus. © 2024 Indonesian Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology. All rights reserved.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes as a risk factor for new-onset metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease in postpartum women: A nationwide study; Background & Aims: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) can worsen cardiometabolic risk factors in women, raising their likelihood of developing cardiometabolic diseases at a young age after their initial pregnancy. Nevertheless, there are limited data on the risk of newly developing metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD) in women who have had APOs. This study aimed to evaluate the risk of new-onset MASLD after experiencing APOs. Methods: Singleton pregnant women who underwent national health screenings 1 year before pregnancy and 1 year after delivery were included in this study. APOs were defined as the presence of at least one of the followings: hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, low birth weight, and placental abruption. The primary outcome was new-onset MASLD based on the presence of APOs. Results: Among 80,037 study participants, 9,320 (11.6%) experienced APOs during pregnancy. Women who experienced APOs had an increased risk of developing new-onset MASLD after delivery even after adjustments for various covariates (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.58, 95% CI 1.45–1.72). In particular, women who experienced either HDP or GDM showed a significantly increased risk of developing new-onset MASLD (adjusted OR 2.20, 95% CI 1.81–2.67, for HDP and adjusted OR 1.83, 95% CI 1.65–2.03, for GDM). Moreover, there was a tendency toward an increased risk of new-onset MASLD according to the number of APOs (p <0.001 for trend of odds). Conclusions: APOs were associated with the risk of new-onset MASLD after delivery. Specifically, only HDP or GDM were identified as risk factors for new-onset MASLD. Impact and implications: This nationwide cohort study confirms that postpartum women with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are at an increased risk of developing metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). These findings may bring us one step closer to understanding the exact mechanisms underlying such an important association between prior APOs and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk among postpartum women. This bidirectional association between APOs and MASLD highlights the importance of considering pregnancy history in assessing CVD risk in women. It suggests a need for closer monitoring and lifestyle interventions for women with a history of APOs to reduce the risk of MASLD and subsequent CVD complications. © 2024 The Author(s)
Nonreassuring fetal status during labor and offspring's childhood neurodevelopment at 3 years of age: The Japan Environment and Children's Study; Objective: Although prior attempts have failed to identify the beneficial effects of intensive fetal monitoring on cerebral palsy, the association between nonreassuring fetal status (NRFS) during labor and the incidence of long-term neurodevelopmental delays in offspring remains unclear. This study aimed to evaluate this association using a nationwide birth cohort. Methods: Data from 72 869 women with singleton deliveries at and after 37 weeks of gestation from the Japan Environment and Children's Study (2011–2014) were analyzed. Multivariable logistic regression models were used to analyze the odds ratios (ORs) for neurodevelopmental delays using the Ages & Stages Questionnaire (Third Edition) in offspring aged 3 years. Results: The adjusted ORs for personal–social problems were 1.52 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.06–2.16) for offspring delivered vaginally by nulliparous mothers and 1.51 (95% CI, 1.05–2.18) (for males, 1.70 [95% CI, 1.15–2.50]) for those delivered via cesarean section. No significant changes in adjusted ORs for neurodevelopmental delays were observed among participants without neonatal Apgar scores (ASs) <7 and without umbilical arterial pH (UmA-pH) <7.20. Conclusion: NRFS during labor was associated with an increased incidence of personal–social problems in offspring aged 3 years. However, this association was not confirmed after excluding participants with neonatal ASs <7 and UmA-pH <7.20. The association between NRFS and offspring's neurodevelopmental delays might vary based on delivery settings, offspring sex, and short-term neonatal outcomes. © 2023 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and its Effects on the Developing Cerebellum: A Narrative Review on Experimental Studies; Diabetes mellitus during pregnancy is a common complication of gestation, but its effects on the offspring’s development are poorly understood. Recently, some studies reported that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) impairs cerebellar development, and some genetic alterations have been described as consequences. Cerebellum, one of the hindbrain derived structures in the posterior cranial fossa, plays a crucial role in cognition and behavioral functions. In recent years, some surveys stated that gestational diabetes has adverse effects on the fetus’s cerebellum. Disruption of cerebellar cortex morphogenesis, reduce the volume of the cerebellum, reduce the thickness of cerebellar cortex layers, and its neuronal cells and effects on the expression of synaptophysin, insulin, and insulin-like growth factor-1 receptors are some of the maternal diabetes effects on developing cerebellum. On other hand, GDM, as a neurotoxic agent, impaired cerebellar development and could be a cause for the behavioral, functional, and structural anomalies observed in pups of diabetic mothers. Based on the literature review, most studies have pointed out that administering insulin in patients with GDM decreased the cellular and molecular alterations that induced by GDM in the developing cerebellum. Undoubtedly, screening strategies for all pregnant women are necessary. © 2023 The Authors. Published by Shahid Beheshti University of Medical Sciences.
Congenital diaphragmatic hernia with associated broncho-pulmonary sequestration: A report of two cases and a literature review; BACKGROUND: Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia (CDH) is a severe congenital anomaly with significant morbidity and mortality. It can be isolated or can be associated with other congenital anomalies, including broncho-pulmonary sequestration (BPS). The association of CDH with BPS (CDH+BPS) is uncommon but has been previously reported, and it can complicate the course of the disease in patients with CDH. We report two cases of CDH+BPS that were recently treated at our CDH-Qatar (CDH-Q) program. METHODS: We reviewed CDH-Q program registry to search for CDH+BPS and extracted the data for the identified cases. We also reviewed the previously published literature available on PubMed for similar cases. RESULTS: Out of 53 cases of CDH referred to CDH-Q from January 2018 to December 2022, two cases of CDH+BPS were identified, with an estimated prevalence of 3.8% of this association in our CDH population. Both cases were born at term. Case 1 was diagnosed with CDH+BPS postnatally, while case 2 was diagnosed with CDH antenatally but BPS was diagnosed after birth. Both cases underwent a surgical repair of the CDH with resection of the associated BPS, and the histopathology of the resected lung tissue confirmed the presence of BPS in both. Both cases survived to discharge. CONCLUSION: The association of CDH+BPS is uncommon; however, it can have significant consequences on the management and the prognosis of patients with CDH. Reporting these cases is important to provide a better understanding of this association and its impact on CDH patients.  © 2024 - IOS Press. All rights reserved.
Associations between hypertension with reproductive and menopausal factors: An integrated women's health programme (IWHP) study; Background Women are less likely to have classic cardiovascular risk factors than men, and events during their reproductive and menopausal years may increase hypertension risk. The aim of this study is to examine woman-specific factors, including menstrual, reproductive and pregnancy complications, in relation to the prevalence of hypertension in mid-life Asian women. Methods This is a cross-sectional study of 1146 healthy women aged 45-69 years, from a multi-ethnic Asian cohort. The women completed an extensive questionnaire that included their sociodemographic details, medical history, lifestyle and physical activity, and reproductive and menopausal history. They also underwent objectively measured physical performance tests and a dual X-ray absorptiometry scan. Hypertension was defined as a systolic BP ≥140 and/or diastolic BP ≥90mm Hg, past diagnosis by a physician, or use of antihypertensive medications. Multivariable logistic regression was used to assess the independent risk factors for hypertension. Results The average age of the 1146 women analysed was 56.3 (SD 6.2) years, and 55.2 percent of them were hypertensive. The prevalence of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension was 12.6% and 9.4%, respectively. Besides age, abnormal menstrual cycle length at 25 years of age (OR:2.35, CI:1.34-4.13), preeclampsia (OR:2.46, CI:1.06-5.74), increased visceral adiposity (OR:4.21, CI:2.28-7.79) and reduced physical performance (OR:2.83, CI:1.46-5.47) were independently associated with hypertension in Asian women. Conclusions Our findings highlight the necessity of including features of menstrual and reproductive history as possible indicators of hypertension risk in cardiovascular disease risk assessment and prevention among Asian women. Reducing visceral adiposity and exercise to improve physical performance may help women avoid developing hypertension.  © 2024 Wang et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Cardiovascular health and cancer risk associated with plant based diets: An umbrella review; Context Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) and cancer are the two main leading causes of death and disability worldwide. Suboptimal diet, poor in vegetables, fruits, legumes and whole grain, and rich in processed and red meat, refined grains, and added sugars, is a primary modifiable risk factor. Based on health, economic and ethical concerns, plant-based diets have progressively widespread worldwide. Objective This umbrella review aims at assessing the impact of animal-free and animal-products-free diets (A/APFDs) on the risk factors associated with the development of cardiometabolic diseases, cancer and their related mortalities. Data sources PubMed and Scopus were searched for reviews, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses published from 1st January 2000 to 31st June 2023, written in English and involving human subjects of all ages. Primary studies and reviews/meta-analyses based on interventional trials which used A/APFDs as a therapy for people with metabolic diseases were excluded. Data extraction The umbrella review approach was applied for data extraction and analysis. The revised AMSTAR-R 11-item tool was applied to assess the quality of reviews/meta-analyses. Results Overall, vegetarian and vegan diets are significantly associated with better lipid profile, glycemic control, body weight/BMI, inflammation, and lower risk of ischemic heart disease and cancer. Vegetarian diet is also associated with lower mortality from CVDs. On the other hand, no difference in the risk of developing gestational diabetes and hypertension were reported in pregnant women following vegetarian diets. Study quality was average. A key limitation is represented by the high heterogeneity of the study population in terms of sample size, demography, geographical origin, dietary patterns, and other lifestyle confounders. Conclusions Plant-based diets appear beneficial in reducing cardiometabolic risk factors, as well as CVDs, cancer risk and mortality. However, caution should be paid before broadly suggesting the adoption of A/AFPDs since the strength-of-evidence of study results is significantly limited by the large study heterogeneity alongside the potential risks associated with potentially restrictive regimens. © 2024 Capodici et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Rural/urban disparities in the trends and outcomes of peripartum cardiomyopathy in delivery hospitalizations; Background: Rural-urban disparities in peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) are not well known. We examined rural-urban differences in maternal, fetal, and cardiovascular outcomes in PPCM during delivery hospitalizations. Methods: We used 2003-2020 data from the National Inpatient Sample for delivery hospitalizations in individuals with PPCM. The 9th and 10th editions of the International Classification of Diseases were used to identify PPCM and cardiovascular, maternal, and fetal outcomes. Rural and urban hospitalizations for PPCM were 1:1 propensity score-matched using relevant clinical and sociodemographic variables. Odds of in-hospital mortality were assessed using logistic regression. Results: Among 72,880 delivery hospitalizations with PPCM, 4,571 occurred in rural locations, while 68,309 occurred in urban locations. After propensity matching, there were a total of 4,571 rural-urban pairs. There was significantly higher in-hospital mortality in urban compared to rural hospitalizations (adjusted OR 1.54, 95% CI 1.10-1.89). Urban PPCM hospitalizations had significantly higher cardiogenic shock (2.9% vs. 1.3%), mechanical circulatory support (1.0% vs. 0.6%), cardiac arrest (2.3% vs. 0.9%), and VT/VF (4.5% vs. 2.1%, all p <.05). Additionally, urban PPCM hospitalizations had worse maternal and fetal outcomes as compared to rural hospitalizations, including higher preterm delivery, gestational diabetes, and fetal death (all p<.05). Notably, significantly more rural individuals were transferred to a short-term hospital (including tertiary care centers) compared to urban individuals (13.5% vs. 3.2%, p<.0001). Conclusions: There are significant rural-urban disparities in delivery hospitalizations with PPCM. Worse outcomes were associated with urban hospitalizations, while rural PPCM hospitalizations were associated with increased transfers, suggesting inadequate resources and advanced sickness. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.
Electrocardiogram evaluation and related factor analysis in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus complicated by depressive disorder; Objective To investigate electrocardiogram (ECG) characteristics and related factors of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) complicated by depressive disorder. Methods The clinical data of 243 patients with GDM who received treatment at Peking University Third Hospital from September 2021 to December 2022 were retrospectively analyzed. According to the scoring results of the Self-rating Depression Scale (SDS), these patients were divided into an observation group (GDM + depressive disorder, n = 51) and a control group (GDM alone, n = 192). The χ2 test was used to analyze the relationship between GDM complicated by depressive disorder and ECG diagnosis results. Additionally, the t-test was used to compare ECG indicators between the two groups. Results Compared with the control group, patients in the observation group had a higher incidence of abnormal ECG indicators, including bradycardia (χ2 = 4.68, P = 0.030), premature contraction (χ2 = 10.78, P = 0.001), and atrioventricular block (χ2 = 15.04, P < 0.001). However, there were no significant differences in the incidences of tachycardia, bundle branch block, or ST-T changes between the two groups (all P > 0.05). Compared with the control group, the observation group exhibited significantly increased heart rate [(73.43 ± 8.24) beats/min vs. (67.22 ± 5.08) beats/ min], maximum QT interval [(419.09 ± 36.00) ms vs. (351.95 ± 32.07) ms], minimum QT interval [(363.31 ± 30.78) ms vs. (316.52 ± 29.10) ms], and QT dispersion [(55.78 ± 17.87) ms vs. (35.42 ± 13.18) ms, t = -5.13, -12.95, -10.08, -7.60, all P < 0.001]. Conclusion Among patients with gestational diabetes mellitus, those with depressive disorder have an increased risk of exhibiting abnormal electrocardiogram patterns compared with those without depressive disorder. © 2024 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved.
The risk of perinatal and cardiometabolic complications in pregnancies conceived by medically assisted reproduction; Purpose: To examine the impact of medically assisted fertility treatments on the risk of developing perinatal and cardiometabolic complications during pregnancy and in-hospital deliveries. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using medical health records of deliveries occurring in 2016–2022 at a women’s specialty hospital in a southern state of the Unites States (US). Pregnancies achieved using medically assisted reproductive (MAR) techniques were compared with unassisted pregnancies using propensity score matching (PSM), based on demographic, preexisting health, and reproductive factors. Study outcomes included cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), delivery complications, and postpartum readmission. We used Poisson regression with robust standard errors to generate risk ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for all study outcomes. Results: Among 57,354 deliveries, 586 (1.02%) pregnancies were achieved using MAR and 56,768 (98.98%) were unassisted (“non-MAR”). Compared to the non-MAR group, MAR pregnancies had significantly higher prevalence of all study outcomes, including GDM (15.9% vs. 11.2%, p < 0.001), HDP (28.2% vs. 21.1%, p < 0.001), cesarean delivery (56.1% vs. 34.6%, p < 0.001), delivery complications (10.9% vs. 6.8%, p = 0.03), and postpartum readmission (4.3% vs. 2.7%, p = 0.02). In a PSM sample of 584 MAR and 1,727 unassisted pregnancies, MAR was associated with an increased risk of cesarean delivery (RR = 1.11, 95% CI = 1.01–1.22); whereas IVF was associated with an increased risk of cesarean delivery (RR = 1.15, 95% CI = 1.03–1.28) and delivery complications (RR = 1.44, 95% CI = 1.04–2.01). Conclusions: Women who conceived with MAR were at increased risk of cesarean deliveries, and those who conceived with IVF were additionally at risk of delivery complications. © The Author(s) 2024.
The Impact of Parent-Based Support Programs on Neurodevelopmental Prognosis: Second-Year Results from a Newly Established Neurodevelopmental Follow-Up Unit in a Tertiary Hospital; Objective: This study aims to assess the neurodevelopmental progress of high-risk infants 2 years post implementation of the Neurodevelopmental Follow-Up Unit (NFU) program at our hospital and explore implementation challenges for insights. Materials and Methods: Infants were assessed using the Hammersmith Infant Neurological Examination (HINE), The Alberta Infant Motor Scale (AIMS), and Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development, Third Edition (BSID-III). A multidisciplinary team provided comprehensive parent education covering neurologic cues, postural advice, and developmental instructions in accordance with the children’s assessment findings. In addition, a pediatric physical therapist provided motor development training emphasizing age-appropriate milestones and functional independence, while child development specialists addressed delays identified through BSID-III assessments. Results: A total of 121 high-risk babies were enrolled during a 2-year period. Results revealed that 9 infants exhibited suboptimal HINE scores at 3-4 months, with only 2 maintaining suboptimal scores at 12-15 months. Similarly, 2 infants with suboptimal AIMS scores at 3-4 months reached normal values at 12-15 months. Comparable improvements were observed in BSID-III scores. While no correlation between HINE and AIMS scores was found at the 3-4-month mark, a significant correlation emerged between AIMS and HINE scores at 6-9 months (r = 0.643, P <.001) and 12-15 months (r = 0.820, P <.001). Conclusion: Encouraging early family education alongside regular monitoring of high-risk newborns appears to have a positive impact on their motor and cognitive development. Consideration of clinical recommendations, such as tailored interventions and periodic assessments, may contribute to optimizing developmental outcomes. © 2024, AVES. All rights reserved.
Explainable Early Prediction of Gestational Diabetes Biomarkers by Combining Medical Background and Wearable Devices: A Pilot Study With a Cohort Group in South Africa; This study aims to explore the potential of Internet of Things (IoT) devices and explainable Artificial Intelligence (AI) techniques in predicting biomarker values associated with GDM when measured 13-16 weeks prior to diagnosis. We developed a system that forecasts biomarkers such as LDL, HDL, triglycerides, cholesterol, HbA1c, and results from the Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT) including fasting glucose, 1-hour, and 2-hour post-load glucose values. These biomarker values are predicted based on sensory measurements collected around week 12 of pregnancy, including continuous glucose levels, short physical movement recordings, and medical background information. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to forecast GDM-associated biomarker values 13 to 16 weeks prior to the GDM screening test, using continuous glucose monitoring devices, a wristband for activity detection, and medical background data. We applied machine learning models, specifically Decision Tree and Random Forest Regressors, along with Coupled-Matrix Tensor Factorisation (CMTF) and Elastic Net techniques, examining all possible combinations of these methods across different data modalities. The results demonstrated good performance for most biomarkers. On average, the models achieved Mean Squared Error (MSE) between 0.29 and 0.42 and Mean Absolute Error (MAE) between 0.23 and 0.45 for biomarkers like HDL, LDL, cholesterol, and HbA1c. For the OGTT glucose values, the average MSE ranged from 0.95 to 2.44, and the average MAE ranged from 0.72 to 0.91. Additionally, the utilisation of CMTF with Alternating Least Squares technique yielded slightly better results (0.16 MSE and 0.07 MAE on average) compared to the well-known Elastic Net feature selection technique. While our study was conducted with a limited cohort in South Africa, our findings offer promising indications regarding the potential for predicting biomarker values in pregnant women through the integration of wearable devices and medical background data in the analysis. Nevertheless, further validation on a larger, more diverse cohort is imperative to substantiate these encouraging results.  © 2013 IEEE.
Safety of low weight gain or weight loss in pregnancies with class 1, 2, and 3 obesity: a population-based cohort study; Background: There are concerns that current gestational weight gain recommendations for women with obesity are too high and that guidelines should differ on the basis of severity of obesity. In this study we investigated the safety of gestational weight gain below current recommendations or weight loss in pregnancies with obesity, and evaluated whether separate guidelines are needed for different obesity classes. Methods: In this population-based cohort study, we used electronic medical records from the Stockholm–Gotland Perinatal Cohort study to identify pregnancies with obesity (early pregnancy BMI before 14 weeks' gestation ≥30 kg/m2) among singleton pregnancies that delivered between Jan 1, 2008, and Dec 31, 2015. The pregnancy records were linked with Swedish national health-care register data up to Dec 31, 2019. Gestational weight gain was calculated as the last measured weight before or at delivery minus early pregnancy weight (at <14 weeks' gestation), and standardised for gestational age into z-scores. We used Poisson regression to assess the association of gestational weight gain z-score with a composite outcome of: stillbirth, infant death, large for gestational age and small for gestational age at birth, preterm birth, unplanned caesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, excess postpartum weight retention, and new-onset longer-term maternal cardiometabolic disease after pregnancy, weighted to account for event severity. We calculated rate ratios (RRs) for our composite adverse outcome along the weight gain z-score continuum, compared with a reference of the current lower limit for gestational weight gain recommended by the US Institute of Medicine (IOM; 5 kg at term). RRs were adjusted for confounding factors (maternal age, height, parity, early pregnancy BMI, early pregnancy smoking status, prepregnancy cardiovascular disease or diabetes, education, cohabitation status, and Nordic country of birth). Findings: Our cohort comprised 15 760 pregnancies with obesity, followed up for a median of 7·9 years (IQR 5·8–9·4). 11 667 (74·0%) pregnancies had class 1 obesity, 3160 (20·1%) had class 2 obesity, and 933 (5·9%) had class 3 obesity. Among these pregnancies, 1623 (13·9%), 786 (24·9%), and 310 (33·2%), respectively, had weight gain during pregnancy below the lower limit of the IOM recommendation (5 kg). In pregnancies with class 1 or 2 obesity, gestational weight gain values below the lower limit of the IOM recommendation or weight loss did not increase risk of the adverse composite outcome (eg, at weight gain z-score –2·4, corresponding to 0 kg at 40 weeks: adjusted RR 0·97 [95% CI 0·89–1·06] in obesity class 1 and 0·96 [0·86–1·08] in obesity class 2). In pregnancies with class 3 obesity, weight gain values below the IOM limit or weight loss were associated with reduced risk of the adverse composite outcome (eg, adjusted RR 0·81 [0·71–0·89] at weight gain z-score –2·4, or 0 kg). Interpretation: Our findings support calls to lower or remove the lower limit of current IOM recommendations for pregnant women with obesity, and suggest that separate guidelines for class 3 obesity might be warranted. Funding: Karolinska Institutet and the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd
Ultra-processed foods and incident cardiovascular disease and hypertension in middle-aged women; Purpose: Ultra-processed food (UPF) intake has increased in recent decades, yet limited knowledge of long-term effects on cardiovascular health persists and sex-specific data is scant. We determined the association of UPF intake with incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) and/or hypertension in a population-based cohort of women. Methods: In the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women’s Health, women aged 50–55 years were prospectively followed (2001–2016). UPFs were identified using NOVA classification and contribution of these foods to total dietary intake by weight was estimated. Primary endpoint was incident CVD (self-reported heart disease/stroke). Secondary endpoints were self-reported hypertension, all-cause mortality, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and/or obesity. Logistic regression models assessed associations between UPF intake and incident CVD, adjusting for socio-demographic, medical comorbidities, and dietary variables. Results: We included 10,006 women (mean age 52.5 ± 1.5; mean UPF intake 26.6 ± 10.2% of total dietary intake), with 1038 (10.8%) incident CVD, 471 (4.7%) deaths, and 4204 (43.8%) hypertension cases over 15 years of follow-up. In multivariable-adjusted models, the highest [mean 42.0% total dietary intake] versus the lowest [mean 14.2% total dietary intake] quintile of UPF intake was associated with higher incident hypertension [odds ratio (OR) 1.39, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.10–1.74; p = 0.005] with a linear trend (ptrend = 0.02), but not incident CVD [OR 1.22, 95% CI 0.92–1.61; p = 0.16] or all-cause mortality (OR 0.80, 95% CI 0.54–1.20; p = 0.28). Similar results were found after multiple imputations for missing values. Conclusion: In women, higher UPF intake was associated with increased hypertension, but not incident CVD. These findings may support minimising UPFs within a healthy diet for women. © The Author(s) 2023.
Safety monitoring of bivalent mRNA COVID-19 vaccine among pregnant persons in the vaccine adverse event reporting System – United States, September 1, 2022 – March 31, 2023; Background: Pregnant persons are at increased risk of severe COVID-19 illness. Bivalent mRNA COVID-19 vaccination is recommended for everyone, including pregnant persons. However, data are limited on the safety of bivalent mRNA COVID-19 vaccination during pregnancy. Objective: To evaluate and summarize reports to the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS), a national spontaneous reporting system, among pregnant persons who received bivalent mRNA COVID-19 vaccine. Methods: VAERS U.S. reports of adverse events (AEs) in pregnant persons who received the bivalent mRNA COVID-19 vaccine from 9/1/2022–03/31/2023 were identified. Clinicians reviewed all reports and available medical records. AEs of these reports were compared with AEs reported to VAERS following monovalent mRNA COVID-19 booster vaccination in pregnancy. Results: VAERS received 136 reports for pregnant persons who received bivalent mRNA COVID-19 vaccine; 87 (64 %) after BNT162b2 (Pfizer-BioNTech), and 48 (35 %) after mRNA-1273 (Moderna); 28 (20.6 %) reports were classified as serious. The most common pregnancy-specific outcomes reported included 12 (8.8 %) spontaneous abortions (<20 weeks gestation), 6 (4.4 %) episodes of preterm delivery, and 5 (3.7 %) reports of preeclampsia. One stillbirth (≥20 weeks gestation) was reported. No maternal or infant deaths were reported. There were 6 reports of AEs in infants, which included 3 reports of admissions to the neonatal intensive care unit: two infants with low birth weight, and one infant with a patent ductus arteriosus and patent foramen ovale. Non-pregnancy-specific adverse events were mostly COVID-19 infection and systemic reactions (e.g., headache, fatigue). Pregnancy-specific conditions were reported less frequently after bivalent mRNA COVID-19 vaccination compared to monovalent mRNA COVID-19 booster vaccination (3rd and 4th dose). Conclusions: Based on this review of reports to VAERS, the safety profile of bivalent mRNA COVID-19 vaccination in pregnant persons was comparable to that observed for monovalent mRNA COVID-19 booster vaccination (3rd and 4th dose) in pregnant persons. © 2024
ATP5me alleviates high glucose-induced myocardial cell injury; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse myocardial remodeling and impaired cardiac function of fetus. Nevertheless, specific molecular mechanisms underlying type 1 GDM-induced fetal myocardial injury remain unknown. Therefore, this study proposes to identify possible molecular mechanisms using RNA-seq. Methods: A rat type 1 GDM model was developed using streptozotocin (STZ) (25 and 50 mg/kg), and weight and glucose tolerance of maternal and offspring were evaluated. Changes in markers of myocardial injury and oxidative stress identified by ELISA and biochemical kits in offspring hearts. Identification of differentially expressed mRNAs (DE-mRNAs) associated with myocardial injury in type 1 GDM offspring using RNA-seq. Proliferation, apoptosis, and oxidative stress were assessed in high glucose-induced H9C2 cells after exogenously modulating ATP Synthase Membrane Subunit E (ATP5me). Results: Maternal weight, glucose and glucose tolerance, and fetal weight and heart weight were reduced in the type 1 GDM model, especially in 50 mg/kg STZ-induced. Increased of creatine kinase-MB (CK-MB), cardiac troponin T (cTnT), hypersensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), reactive oxygen species (ROS) and malondialdehyde (MDA) and decreased of superoxide dismutase (SOD) were observed in type 1 GDM offspring hearts. type 1 GDM offspring hearts exhibited disorganized cardiomyocytes with enlarged gaps, broken myocardial fibers, erythrocyte accumulation and inflammatory infiltration. RNA-seq identified 462 DE-mRNAs in type 1 GDM offspring hearts, which mainly regulate immunity, redox reactions, and cellular communication. Atp5me was under-expressed in type 1 GDM offspring hearts, and high glucose decreased Atp5me expression in H9C2 cells. Overexpressing Atp5me alleviated high glucose-induced decrease in proliferation, mitochondrial membrane potential, BCL2 and SOD, and increase in apoptosis, MDA, ROS, c-Caspase-3, and BAX in H9C2 cells. Conclusion: This study first demonstrated that ATP5me attenuated type 1 GDM-induced fetal myocardial injury. This provides a possible molecular mechanism for the treatment of type 1 GDM-induced fetal myocardial injury. © 2024 The Author(s)
Prediction of adverse neonatal adaptation in fetuses with severe fetal growth restriction after 34 weeks of gestation; Objective: To establish a predictive model for adverse immediate neonatal adaptation (INA) in fetuses with suspected severe fetal growth restriction (FGR) after 34 gestational weeks (GW). Methods. We conducted a retrospective observational study at the University Hospitals of Strasbourg between 2000 and 2020, including 1,220 women with a singleton pregnancy and suspicion of severe FGR who delivered from 34 GW. The primary outcome (composite) was INA defined as Apgar 5-minute score <7, arterial pH <7.10, immediate transfer to pediatrics, or the need for resuscitation at birth. We developed and tested a logistic regression predictive model. Results. Adverse INA occurred in 316 deliveries. The model included six features available before labor: parity, gestational age, diabetes, middle cerebral artery Doppler, cerebral-placental inversion, onset of labor. The model could predict individual risk of adverse INA with confidence interval at 95 %. Taking an optimal cutoff threshold of 32 %, performances were: sensitivity 66 %; specificity 83 %; positive and negative predictive values 60 % and 87 % respectively, and area under the curve 78 %. Discussion. The predictive model showed good performances and a proof of concept that INA could be predicted with pre-labor characteristics, and needs to be investigated further. © 2024 The Author(s)
Effects of oropharyngeal administration of own mother's milk on oral microbial colonization in very low birth weight infants fed by gastric tube: A randomized controlled trial; Aims: The aim of the present study was to explore the effect of oropharyngeal mother's milk administration on oral microbial colonization in infants fed by gastric tube at different time points. Methods: Infants (n = 116) with birth weight <1500 g were randomly allocated into two groups which both received breast milk for enteral nutrition. The control group (n = 51) accepted oropharyngeal normal saline administration. The experimental group (n = 53) accepted oropharyngeal mother's milk administration before fed by gastric tube once every 3 h over 21 days after birth. We analyzed the oral microbiota at initiation and 7 and 14 and 21 days later using 16S DNA amplicon sequencing. Results: There were no difference in oral microbial diversity between the two groups at any time point, but diversity decreased significantly over time in both groups. On the first day of life, the oral microbiota of the infant in the experimental and control groups consisted mainly of Firmicutes (7.75%, 6.18%) and Proteobacteria (68.65%, 68.69%), respectively. As time increases to 21 days after birth, Firmicutes (77.67%, 77.66%) had replaced Proteobacteria (68.65%, 68.69%) as the predominant phylum. Discussion: From birth to 21 days after birth, oropharyngeal mother's milk administration did not change the diversity and structural composition of the oral microbiota. The oral microbial diversity of infants declined significantly over time. Firmicutes had replaced Proteobacteria as the predominant phylum. © 2024 The Authors. Immunity, Inflammation and Disease published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Increased risk of cardiovascular and renal disease, and diabetes for all women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus in New Zealand—A national retrospective cohort study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study is to compare cardiometabolic and renal outcomes for all women in New Zealand with gestational diabetes (2001–2010) with women without diabetes, 10–20 years following delivery. Methods: A retrospective cohort study, utilizing a national dataset providing information for all women who gave birth between 1 January 2001 and 31 December 2010 (n = 604 398). Adolescent girls <15 years, women ≥50 years and women with prepregnancy diabetes were excluded. In total 11 459 women were diagnosed with gestational diabetes and 11 447 were matched (for age and year of delivery) with 57 235 unexposed (control) women. A national hospital dataset was used to compare primary outcomes until 31 May 2021. Results: After controlling for ethnicity, women with gestational diabetes were significantly more likely than control women to develop diabetes—adjusted hazard ratio (HR) 20.06 and 95% confidence interval (CI) 18.46–21.79; a first cardiovascular event 2.19 (1.86–2.58); renal disease 6.34 (5.35–7.51) and all-cause mortality 1.55 (1.31–1.83), all p values <.0001. The HR and 95% CI remained similar after controlling for significant covariates: diabetes 18.89 (17.36–20.56), cardiovascular events 1.79 (1.52–2.12), renal disease 5.42 (4.55–6.45), and all-cause mortality 1.44 (1.21–1.70). When time-dependent diabetes was added to the model, significance remained for cardiovascular events 1.33 (1.10–1.61), p =.003 and renal disease 2.33 (1.88–2.88), p <.0001 but not all-cause mortality. Conclusions: Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes have an increased risk of adverse cardiometabolic and renal outcomes. Findings highlight the importance of follow-up screening for diabetes, cardiovascular risk factors, and renal disease. (Figure presented.). © 2024 The Authors. Journal of Diabetes published by Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
Clinical evolution and alterations in the liver profile in pregnant women with COVID-19; Introduction: Liver involvement in pregnant women with COVID-19 is multifactorial and it is unknown if this disorder is a cause or consequence of a worse evolution of the disease. Objective: To describe the clinical evolution and alterations in the liver profile in pregnant women with COVID-19. Methods: A retrospective descriptive study was carried out. 507 pregnant women with COVID-19 were included, who were admitted to “Dr. Luis Díaz Soto” hospital, from January to December 2021. Two groups were formed according to the alteration of the liver profile (reference range of the center laboratory: aspartate amino transferase (AST) > 32 U/L, alanine amino transferase (ALT) > 32 U/L and total bilirubin > 21 umol/L). Demographic, clinical and humoral variables, extracted from the medical records, were used to compare both groups. Results: 129 pregnant women (25.4%) presented an altered liver profile. This group was associated, when compared with the group with a normal liver profile, with greater severity, admission to the Intensive Care Unit with 54 cases (42%) vs. 79 (21%), the need for invasive mechanical ventilation in 20 cases (16%) vs. 18 (5%), as well as maternal death in 8 patients (6.2%) vs. 6 (1.6%). In addition, they had older maternal age, comorbidities such as obesity and gestational diabetes, and alterations in inflammation biomarkers such as: neutrophil/lymphocyte ratio >3 in 66 cases (51%) and lactate dehydrogenase in 55 patients (43%). Conclusions: Pregnant women with COVID-19 and altered liver profile have greater inflammation, severity, and mortality. © 2024, Editorial Ciencias Medicas. All rights reserved.
Stretch-induced compliance mechanism in pregnancy-induced cardiac hypertrophy and the impact of cardiovascular risk factors; Pressure overload-induced hypertrophy compromises cardiac stretch-induced compliance (SIC) after acute volume overload (AVO). We hypothesized that SIC could be enhanced by physiological hypertrophy induced by pregnancy’s chronic volume overload. This study evaluated SIC-cardiac adaptation in pregnant women with or without cardiovascular risk (CVR) factors. Thirty-seven women (1st trimester, 1stT) and a separate group of 31 (3rd trimester, 3rdT) women [healthy or with CVR factors (obesity and/or hypertension and/or with gestational diabetes)] underwent echocardiography determination of left ventricular end-diastolic volume (LVEDV) and E/e0 before (T0), immediately after (T1), and 15 min after (T2; SIC) AVO induced by passive leg elevation. Blood samples for NT-proBNP quantification were collected before and after the AVO. Acute leg elevation significantly increased inferior vena cava diameter and stroke volume from T0 to T1 in both 1stT and 3rdT, confirming AVO. LVEDV and E/e0 also increased immediately after AVO (T1) in both 1stT and 3rdT. SIC adaptation (T2, 15 min after AVO) significantly decreased E/e0 in both trimesters, with additional expansion of LVEDV only in the 1stT. NT-pro-BNP increased slightly after AVO but only in the 1stT. CVR factors, but not parity or age, significantly impacted SIC cardiac adaptation. A distinct functional response to SIC was observed between 1stT and 3rdT, which was influenced by CVR factors. The LV of 3rdT pregnant women was hypertrophied, showing a structural limitation to dilate with AVO, whereas the lower LV filling pressure values suggest increased diastolic compliance. NEW & NOTEWORTHY The sudden increase of volume overload triggers an acute myocardial stretch characterized by an immediate rise in contractility by the Frank–Starling mechanism, followed by a progressive increase known as the slow force response. The present study is the first to characterize echocardiographically the stretch-induced compliance (SIC) mechanism in the context of physiological hypertrophy induced by pregnancy. A distinct functional adaptation to SIC was observed between first and third trimesters, which was influenced by cardiovascular risk factors. Copyright © 2024 the American Physiological Society.
Predicting High-Risk Fetal Cardiac Disease Anticipated to Need Immediate Postnatal Stabilization and Intervention with Planned Pediatric Cardiac Operating Room Delivery; BACKGROUND: Distances between delivery and cardiac services can make the care of fetuses with cardiac disease at risk of acute cardiorespiratory instability at birth a challenge. In 2013 we implemented a fetal echocardiography-based algorithm tar-geting fetuses considered high risk for acute cardiorespiratory instability at ≤2 hours of birth for delivery in our pediatric cardiac operating room of our children’s hospital, and, herein, examine our experience. METHODS AND RESULTS: We reviewed maternal and postnatal medical records of all fetuses with cardiac disease encountered January 2013 to March 2022 considered high risk for acute cardiorespiratory instability. Secondary analysis was performed including all fetuses with diagnoses of d-transposition of the great arteries/intact ventricular septum (d-TGA/IVS) and hypo-plastic left heart syndrome (HLHS) encountered over the study period. Forty fetuses were considered high risk for acute cardiorespiratory instability: 15 with d-TGA/IVS and 7 with HLHS with restrictive atrial septum, 4 with absent pulmonary valve syndrome, 3 with obstructed anomalous pulmonary veins, 2 with severe Ebstein anomaly, 2 with thoracic/intracardiac tumors, and 7 others. Pediatric cardiac operating room delivery occurred for 33 but not for 7 (5 with d-TGA/IVS, 2 with HLHS with restrictive atrial septum). For high-risk cases, fetal echocardiography had a positive predictive value of 50% for intervention/ extracorporeal membrane oxygenation/death at ≤2 hours and 70% at ≤24 hours. Of “low-risk” cases, 6/46 with d-TGA/IVS and 0/45 with HLHS required intervention at ≤2 hours. Fetal echocardiography for predicting intervention/extracorporeal membrane oxygenation/death at ≤2 hours had a sensitivity of 67%, specificity 93%, and positive and negative predictive values of 80% and 87%, respectively, for d-TGA/IVS, and 100%, 95%, 71%, and 100% for HLHS, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal echocardiography can predict the need for urgent intervention in a majority with d-TGA/IVS and HLHS and in half of the entire spectrum of high-risk cardiac disease. © 2024 The Authors.
Genus Paeonia monoterpene glycosides: A systematic review on their pharmacological activities and molecular mechanisms; Background: Genus Paeonia, which is the main source of Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) Paeoniae Radix Rubra (Chishao in Chinese), Paeoniae Radix Alba (Baishao in Chinese) and Moutan Cortex (Mudanpi in Chinese), is rich in active pharmaceutical ingredient such as monoterpenoid glycosides (MPGs). MPGs from Paeonia have extensive pharmacological effects, but the pharmacological effects and molecular mechanisms of MPGs has not been comprehensively reviewed. Purpose: MPGs compounds are one of the main chemical components of the genus Paeonia, with a wide variety of compounds and strong pharmacological activities, and the structure of the mother nucleus-pinane skeleton is similar to that of a cage. The purpose of this review is to summarize the pharmacological activity and mechanism of action of MPGs from 2012 to 2023, providing reference direction for the development and utilization of Paeonia resources and preclinical research. Methods: Keywords and phrases are widely used in database searches, such as PubMed, Web of Science, Google Scholar and X-Mol to search for citations related to the new compounds, extensive pharmacological research and molecular mechanisms of MPGs compounds of genus Paeonia. Results: Modern research confirms that MPGs are the main compounds in Paeonia that exert pharmacological effects. MPGs with extensive pharmacological characteristics are mainly concentrated in two categories: paeoniflorin derivatives and albiflflorin derivatives among MPGs, which contains 32 compounds. Among them, 5 components including paeoniflorin, albiflorin, oxypaeoniflorin, 6′-O-galloylpaeoniflorin and paeoniflorigenone have been extensively studied, while the other 28 components have only been confirmed to have a certain degree of anti-inflammatory and anticomplementary effects. Studies of pharmacological effects are widely involved in nervous system, endocrine system, digestive system, immune system, etc., and some studies have identified clear mechanisms. MPGs exert pharmacological activity through multilateral mechanisms, including anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, inhibition of cell apoptosis, regulation of brain gut axis, regulation of gut microbiota and downregulation of mitochondrial apoptosis, etc. Conclusion: This systematic review delved into the pharmacological effects and related molecular mechanisms of MPGs. However, there are still some compounds in MPGs whose pharmacological effects and pharmacological mechanisms have not been clarified. In addition, extensive clinical randomized trials are needed to verify the efficacy and dosage of MPGs. © 2024 Elsevier GmbH
Fulminant peripartum pulmonary embolism leads to maternal cardiac arrest and hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy; Pulmonary embolism (PE) risk is greater in women during pregnancy or puerperium. If indeed the peripartum pulmonary embolism is not recognized early and treated appropriately, it could have catastrophic consequences. We therefore present a case of a pregnant woman who unfortunately went from undiagnosed peripartum pulmonary embolism and had a crisis during delivery. She eventually had cardiac arrest and hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy as complications. We emphasize early recognition and prompt treatment of pulmonary embolism in order to prevent such serious complications in pregnant women. We discuss about the clinical condition of our patient and make contrasts based on previous literature. © 2024 Faculty of Anaesthesia, Pain and Intensive Care, AFMS. All rights reserved.
Associations of salivary aldosterone levels during pregnancy with maternal blood pressure and birth weight-for-gestational age in a Mexico City birth cohort; Objective: To determine associations of maternal salivary aldosterone with blood pressure (BP) in pregnancy and infant birth weight-for-gestational age (BWGA). Methods: We measured maternal salivary aldosterone, BP and BWGA z-scores in 471 Mexico City pregnancy cohort participants and performed multivariable linear regression of BP and BWGA on log-aldosterone levels. Results: Log-aldosterone was positively associated with diastolic BP (β = 0.12 95% CI: 0.04, 0.21). There were no main effects of log-aldosterone on BWGA. However, we detected an interaction between log-aldosterone and BP in association with BWGA; higher log-aldosterone was associated with lower BWGA in the lowest (β = −0.12, 95% CI: -0.26, 0.02) and highest (β = −0.12, 95% CI: −0.29, 0.06) BP tertiles. In contrast, in the middle BP tertile the association was positive (β = 0.09, 95% CI: −0.02, 0.20), p for interaction = 0.03. Conclusion: Higher maternal salivary aldosterone is positively associated with diastolic BP and may affect fetal growth differently depending on concurrent maternal blood pressure. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature America, Inc. 2024.
Ethnicity, socio-economic deprivation and postpartum outcomes following caesarean delivery: a multicentre cohort study; Disparities relating to postpartum recovery outcomes in different socio-economic and racial ethnic groups are underexplored. We conducted a planned analysis of a large prospective caesarean delivery cohort to explore the relationship between ethnicity, socio-economic status and postpartum recovery. Eligible patients were enrolled and baseline demographic, obstetric and medical history data were collected 18 h and 30 h following delivery. Patients completed postpartum quality of life and recovery measures in person on day 1 (EuroQoL EQ-5D-5L, including global health visual analogue scale; Obstetric Quality of Recovery-10 item score; and pain scores) and by telephone between day 28 and day 32 postpartum (EQ-5D-5L and pain scores). Socio-economic group was determined according to the Index of Multiple Deprivation quintile of each patient's usual place of residence. Data from 1000 patients who underwent caesarean delivery were included. There were more patients of Asian, Black and mixed ethnicity in the more deprived quintiles. Patients of White ethnicities had shorter postpartum duration of hospital stay compared with patients of Asian and Black ethnicities (35 (28–56 [18–513]) h vs. 44 (31–71 [19–465]) h vs. 49 (33–75 [23–189]) h, respectively. In adjusted models at day 30, patients of Asian ethnicity had a significantly greater risk of moderate to severe pain (numerical rating scale ≥ 4) at rest and on movement (odds ratio (95%CI) 2.42 (1.24–4.74) and 2.32 (1.40–3.87)), respectively). There were no differences in readmission rates or incidence of complications between groups. Patients from White ethnic backgrounds experience shorter postpartum duration of stay compared with patients from Asian and Black ethnic groups. Ethnic background impacts pain scores and recovery at day 1 postpartum and following hospital discharge, even after adjusting for socio-economic group. Further work is required to understand the underlying factors driving differences in pain and recovery and to develop strategies to reduce disparities in obstetric patients. © 2024 Association of Anaesthetists.
Abnormal Glucose Tolerance in Women Diagnosed With Gestational Diabetes (WHO 2013) 10 Years After Index Pregnancy; Context: It is not clear if the risk of abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT) is attenuated in the long-term in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes (GDM) using the World Health Organization (WHO) 2013 criteria and who have received appropriate treatment during pregnancy. Objective: We aimed to assess the long-term prevalence of AGT and other cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in this cohort. Methods: A retrospective cohort follow-up study was conducted of 37 and 107 women diagnosed with and without GDM respectively using the WHO 2013 criteria between June 2010 and December 2010. Women were invited to attend our center, where they underwent a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test, blood and urine collection, body measurements, and electrocardiography. Main outcome measure included the development of AGT using the American Diabetes Association criteria. Results: Sixteen (43.2%) women with GDM compared to 5 (4.7%) women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) at index pregnancy had AGT (P < .001). In the GDM group, 10 (27.0%), 7 (18.9%), and 4 (10.8%) women had impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), respectively. In the NGT group, 2 (1.9%), 3 (2.8%), and 1 (0.9%) woman had IFG, IGT, and T2DM, respectively. Women with AGT also had an unfavorable metabolic profile including obesity, hypertension, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. Conclusion: Women treated for GDM (WHO 2013 criteria) remain at increased risk for developing AGT and adverse CVD risk factors as early as a decade after diagnosis. Continued efforts are needed to accurately follow this population to address modifiable risk factors. © 2024 Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
Association of Assisted Reproductive Technology and Stroke during Hospitalization for Delivery in the United States; INTRODUCTION: Infertility treatment with assisted reproductive technologies (ARTs) has been associated with adverse vascular events in some but not all previous studies. Endothelial damage, prothrombotic factor release, and a higher prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors in those receiving ART have been invoked to explain this association. We sought to explore the relationship between ART and stroke risk using population-level data. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using data from the National Inpatient Sample registry from 2015 to 2020, including all delivery hospitalizations for patients aged 15 to 55 years. The study exposure was use of ART. The primary end point was any stroke defined as ischemic stroke, subarachnoid hemorrhage, intracerebral hemorrhage, or cerebral venous thrombosis during index delivery hospitalization. Individual stroke subtypes (ischemic stroke, subarachnoid hemorrhage, intracerebral hemorrhage, and cerebral venous thrombosis) were evaluated as secondary end points. Standard International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification algorithms were used to define study exposure, comorbidities, and prespecified end points. In addition to reporting population-level estimates, propensity score adjustment by inverse probability weighting was used to mimic the effects of randomization by balancing baseline clinical characteristics associated with stroke between ART and non-ART users. RESULTS: Among 19123125 delivery hospitalizations identified, patients with prior ART (n=202815, 1.1%) experienced significantly higher rates of any stroke (27.1/100000 versus 9.1/100000), ischemic stroke (9.9/100000 versus 3.3/100000), subarachnoid hemorrhage (7.4/100000 versus 1.6/100000), intracerebral hemorrhage (7.4/100000 versus 2.0/100000), and cerebral venous thrombosis (7.4/100000 versus 2.7/100000) in comparison to non-ART users (all P<0.001 for all unadjusted comparisons). Following inverse probability weighting analysis, ART was associated with increased odds of any stroke (adjusted odds ratios, 2.14 (95% CI, 2.02-2.26); P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Using population-level data among patients hospitalized for delivery in the United States, we found an association between ART and stroke after adjustment for measured confounders. © 2024 Wolters Kluwer Health. All rights reserved.
Navigating the spectrum of double-outlet right ventricle presentations: Outcomes from a contemporary cohort based on subtypes; Purpose: Our aim in this study was to investigate the prenatal and postnatal prognosis of double outlet right ventricle (DORV) cases diagnosed prenatally by analyzing the outcomes based on the subtype. Methods: This study is a retrospective chart review. Cases diagnosed with fetal DORV by prenatal ultrasound in the maternal–fetal medicine department of our hospital between 2014 and 2022 were included. Data on maternal characteristics, fetal echocardiographic features (type of DORV), pregnancy and neonatal outcomes (termination of pregnancy [TOP], intrauterine fetal death [IUD], neonatal death [NND], death in infancy (IND), survival) were collected and analyzed. Results: Ninety-nine cases of prenatally diagnosed cases of DORV were included. The prenatal diagnosis was right in 97% of the liveborn fetuses. The cases were classified into subtypes, including transposition of great arteries (TGA), Fallot, ventricular septal defect (VSD), remote, and heterotaxy types. The cohort consisted of 32.3% TGA type, 19.1% fallot type, 11.1% VSD type, 2% remote type, and 35.3% heterotaxy type of DORV. An additional cardiac anomaly was observed in 87% and an extra-cardiac anomaly was observed in 54% of the cases. When we excluded the cases with heterotaxy type but without any chromosomal abnormality, additional genetic abnormalities were detected in 42% of the remaining cases. Outcome of pregnancy was livebirth in 68/99 (68.7%), IUFD in 5/99 (5.1%), and TOP in 26/99 (26.3%). Postnatal cardiac surgical repair was performed in 48 cases. Survival among livebirths was 39/68 (57.3%). Twenty-nine neonates or infants who had additional cardiac anomalies and/or genetic abnormalities died before any surgical intervention. The postoperative survival rate was 39/48 (81.2%). Conclusion: The prognosis in DORV depends on the anatomical subtype, the presence, and severity of associated anomalies. Survival increases in isolated cases without any additional structural or genetic anomalies. © 2024 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Threats of per- and poly-fluoroalkyl pollutants to susceptible populations; Environmental exposure to per- and poly-fluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) has raised significant global health concerns due to potential hazards in healthy adults. However, the impact of PFAS on susceptible populations, including pregnant individuals, newborns, the older people, and those with underlying health conditions, has been overlooked. These susceptible groups often have physiological changes that make them less resilient to the same exposures. Consequently, there is an urgent need for a comprehensive understanding of the health risks posed by PFAS exposure to these populations. In this review, we delve into the potential health risks of PFAS exposure in these susceptible populations. Equally important, we also examine and discuss the molecular mechanisms that underlie this susceptibility. These mechanisms include the induction of oxidative stress, disruption of the immune system, impairment of cellular metabolism, and alterations in gut microbiota, all of which contribute to the enhanced toxicity of PFAS in susceptible populations. Finally, we address the primary research challenges and unresolved issues that require further investigation. This discussion aims to foster research for a better understanding of how PFAS affect susceptible populations and to pave the way for strategies to minimize their adverse effects. © 2024
Novel MYH7 Variant in the Neonate of a Mother with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Showing Left Ventricular Hypertrophy and Noncompaction; Background: Left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) is a well-recognized cardiac dysfunction in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Left ventricular noncompaction (LVNC) is a cardiomyopathy that is morphologically characterized by numerous prominent trabeculations and deep intertrabecular recesses on cardiovascular imaging. However, there have been no case reports on neonates of mothers with GDM showing LVH and LVNC. Case presentation: A patient, with LVH of a mother with GDM, was delivered at 36 weeks of gestation. Prominent trabeculations in the LV, suggesting LVNC, instead of LVH, were apparent 1 week after birth. A heterozygous deletion variant in the MYH7 gene (NM_000257.4: c.1090T>C, p.Phe364Leu) was discovered through genetic testing using a cardiomyopathy-associated gene panel in the patient and his father and the older brother who had LVNC. The patient is now 5 years old and does not have major cardiac events, although LVNC persisted. This is the first case of LVH secondary to a mother with GDM and LVNC with a novel variant in the MYH7 gene. Conclusion: Genetic testing should be conducted to obtain an accurate outcome and medical care in a patient with LVH and subsequently prominent hypertrabeculation in the LV. © 2024 by the authors.
Investigation of Phosphorylated and O-Glycosylated Proteins in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a common but temporary type of diabetes that develops among 10-20% of all pregnant women. It is a major cause of several pre- and post-pregnancy diseases in both mother and offspring. The main causative is altered pregnancy hormones that lead to deficient glucose metabolism. Complications can be preeclampsia, caesarean sections and cardiovascular diseases. This study was designed to determine the phosphorylated and glycosylated proteins present in GDM and to investigate the role of their post-translational modifications (PTMs) in the pathogenesis of GDM. The study was performed on 30 blood samples from pregnant diabetic women (diseased), 30 pregnant non-diabetic women (control) and 30 women without pregnancy and gestational diabetes (normal). Protein extraction was done from blood plasma, and phosphorylated and glycosylated proteins were determined by Enzyme-Linked Immuno-Sorbent Assay (ELISA) by use of specific antibodies. This study showed that proteins found in GDM are highly phosphorylated and O-glycosylated (p<0.01). Furthermore, a bioinformatic investigation was done, which showed that blood coagulation proteins such as the Fibrinogen alpha chain and lipid metabolism-regulating proteins apolipoprotein E, L1 and C-III showed a high potential for phosphorylation, which suggests that phosphorylation can be used as a therapeutic marker in GDM. © 2024 Penerbit Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia. All rights reserved.
Prevalence and Diagnosis of PCOS Using Electronic Health Records: A Scoping Review and a Database Analysis; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder affecting women of reproductive age. It increases the risk of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, endometrial cancer, infertility, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and preterm birth. Accurately identifying predictors of these health risks is crucial. Electronic health records (EHRs) offer an affordable approach, however, the validity and reliability of EHRs for PCOS diagnosis are unclear. A scoping review of the literature on the prevalence and reliability of the diagnosis of PCOS using EHRs was performed. An analysis of the feasibility of obtaining diagnostic variables from a PCOS patient database was also carried out. Eight studies met the criteria. The prevalence of PCOS ranged from 0.27% to 5.8%. Reliability varied, with one study reporting a sensitivity of 50% and a specificity of 29%. Another study found a 74.4% agreement between international classification of disease (ICD) codes and clinical criteria. The database analysis found only 13.7%, 8%, and 7.5% of women had all the necessary variables for an objective diagnosis of PCOS using the Rotterdam, National Institutes of Health (NIH), and Androgen Excess and PCOS Society (AEPCOS) criteria, respectively. Using EHRs results in an underestimation of PCOS prevalence compared to other diagnostic criteria, and many women identified may not meet the complete diagnostic criteria. These findings have implications for future research studies on PCOS prevalence and related health risks. © 2024 by the authors.
Growth and Neurodevelopmental Outcomes of Preterm Infants Born < 26 Weeks Gestation before and after Implementation of a Nutrition-Care Bundle; Background: This study aimed to assess the impact of a nutrition-care bundle on growth and neurodevelopmental outcomes of micro-preterm infants born in a level III neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) by two years corrected age. Methods: A nutrition-care bundle emphasizing the prompt initiation of parenteral nutrition at birth, initiation of enteral feeds within 6 h after birth, and early addition of human milk fortifiers was implemented in 2015 for infants born < 26 weeks gestation. This before-and-after study evaluated growth and neurodevelopmental outcomes in infants born between 2012–2013 (before-nutrition-bundle, BNB) and 2016–2017 (after-nutrition-bundle, ANB). Results: A total of 145 infants were included in the study. Infants in the ANB group (n = 73) were smaller (birthweight and gestational age), and there were more male infants and multiples included compared to the BNB group (n = 72). Enteral feeds and fortifiers started earlier in the ANB group. Growth velocity and weight z-score changes were similar in both groups during NICU stay and post-discharge. Systemic steroid use, but not cohort, was linked to lower Bayley scores across all domains. Conclusions: Implementing a nutrition-care bundle was not consistently associated with improved weight gain and neurodevelopmental outcomes in the micro-preterm infant population, possibly due to ongoing high-quality nutritional care by the clinical team. © 2024 by the authors.
Maternal Obesity Modulates Cord Blood Concentrations of Proprotein Convertase Subtilisin/Kexin-type 9 Levels; Context: In utero exposure to maternal obesity or diabetes is considered a pro-inflammatory state. Objective: To evaluate whether cord blood proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin-type 9 (PCSK9), which is regulated by inflammation and metabolic derangements, is elevated in neonates born to overweight, obese, or diabetic mothers. Methods: A retrospective study in full-term neonates born between 2010 and 2023, at Brigham and Women’s Hospital. There were 116 neonates included in our study, of which 74 (64%) were born to overweight/obese mothers and 42 (36%) were born to nonoverweight/ nonobese mothers. Results: Neonates born to overweight/obese mothers had significantly higher cord blood concentrations of PCSK9 compared with neonates born to nonoverweight/nonobese group (323 [253-442] ng/mL compared with 270 [244-382] ng/mL, P = .041). We found no significant difference in cord blood concentrations of PCSK9 between neonates of diabetic mothers compared with neonates of nondiabetic mothers. In multivariate linear regression analysis, higher cord plasma PCSK9 concentration was significantly associated with maternal overweight/ obesity status (b = 50.12; 95% CI, 4.02-96.22; P = .033), after adjusting for gestational age, birth weight, male sex, and intrauterine growth restriction. Conclusion: Neonates born to mothers with overweight/obesity have higher cord blood PCSK9 concentrations compared with the nonoverweight/nonobese group, and higher cord blood PCSK9 concentrations were significantly associated with maternal overweight/obesity status, after adjusting for perinatal factors. Larger longitudinal studies are needed to examine the role of PCSK9 in the development of metabolic syndrome in high-risk neonates born to overweight, obese, or diabetic mothers. © The Author(s) 2024.
Obstetrical and neonatal outcomes in patients with surgically repaired heart disease; BACKGROUND: Congenital and acquired heart disease complicate 1% to 4% of pregnancies in the United States. Beyond the risks of the underlying maternal congenital heart disease, cardiac surgery and its sequelae, such as surgical scarring resulting in higher rates of arrhythmias and implanted valves altering anticoagulation status, have potential implications that could affect gestation and delivery. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate whether history of maternal cardiac surgery is associated with adverse obstetrical or neonatal outcomes compared with patients without a history of cardiac disease or surgery, considered “healthy controls.” STUDY DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis of retrospective cohort studies performed at a tertiary care facility in the United States comparing obstetrical outcomes in patients with a history of open cardiac surgery who delivered from January 2007 to December 2018 with healthy controls, who delivered from April 2020 to July 2020. There were 74 pregnancies in 61 patients with a history of open cardiac surgery that were compared with pregnancies in healthy controls. Of the 74 pregnancies, 65 were successfully matched based on gestational age to controls at a 1:3 (case-to-control) ratio. The remainder of cases were matched at a 1:2 or 1:1 ratio; therefore, a total of 219 control pregnancies were included in the analysis. Our primary outcome was the incidence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, as well as cesarean delivery, in patients with a history of open cardiac surgery compared with healthy controls. Our secondary outcome was the incidence of low-birthweight neonates in patients with a history of open cardiac surgery compared with healthy controls. RESULTS: Patients with a history of cardiac surgery were not more likely to have any hypertensive disorder diagnosed than healthy controls. Patients with a history of cardiac surgery were more likely to have an operative delivery (P<.0001) but equally likely to have a cesarean delivery (P=.528) compared with healthy controls. Birthweight was not statistically different of 2655±808 g in neonates born to patients with a history of cardiac surgery vs 2844±830 g born to healthy controls (P=.092). CONCLUSION: Patients with a history of cardiac surgery may not be at higher risk of hypertensive disorder diagnosis during pregnancy. Similarly, most patients with a history of cardiac surgery are also likely not at higher risk of cesarean delivery or low-birthweight neonates. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.
Socio-economic disadvantage and utilisation of labour epidural analgesia in Scotland: a population-based study†; Socio-economic deprivation is associated with adverse maternal and childhood outcomes. Epidural analgesia, the gold standard for labour analgesia, may improve maternal well-being. We assessed the association of socio-economic status with utilisation of epidural analgesia and whether this differed when epidural analgesia was advisable for maternal safety. This was a population-based study of NHS data for all women in labour in Scotland between 1 January 2007 and 23 October 2020, excluding elective caesarean sections. Socio-economic status deciles were defined using the Scottish Index of Multiple Deprivation. Medical conditions for which epidural analgesia is advisable for maternal safety (medical indications) and contraindications were defined according to national guidelines. Of 593,230 patients in labour, 131,521 (22.2%) received epidural analgesia. Those from the most deprived areas were 16% less likely to receive epidural analgesia than the most affluent (relative risk 0.84 [95%CI 0.82–0.85]), with the inter-decile mean change in receiving epidural analgesia estimated at -2% ([95%CI -2.2% to -1.7%]). Among the 21,219 deliveries with a documented medical indication for epidural analgesia, the socio-economic gradient persisted (relative risk 0.79 [95%CI 0.75–0.84], inter-decile mean change in receiving epidural analgesia -2.5% [95%CI -3.1% to -2.0%]). Women in the most deprived areas with a medical indication for epidural analgesia were still less likely (absolute risk 0.23 [95%CI 0.22–0.24]) to receive epidural analgesia than women from the most advantaged decile without a medical indication (absolute risk 0.25 [95%CI 0.24–0.25]). Socio-economic deprivation is associated with lower utilisation of epidural analgesia, even when epidural analgesia is advisable for maternal safety. Ensuring equitable access to an intervention that alleviates pain and potentially reduces adverse outcomes is crucial. © 2024 The Authors. Anaesthesia published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Association of Anaesthetists.
The double-edged scalpel: Experiences and perceptions of pregnancy and parenthood during Canadian surgical residency training; Introduction Only 34% of Canadian surgeons in 2022 were female. The protracted length of surgical residency training, concerns regarding infertility, and increased rates of obstetrical complications have been shown to contribute to the disproportionate lack of females in surgical specialties. Methods A novel online survey was sent to all surgical residents in Canada. Respondents were asked about perceptions of pregnancy and parenthood during surgical training, and parents were asked about parental leave, accommodations they received, and pregnancy complications. Chi squared tests were used to compare opinions of male and female residents. Results A total of 272/2,419 (11.2%) responses were obtained, with a high response from females (61.8%) and orthopaedic residents (29.0%). There were 56 women reporting 76 pregnancy events during training, 62.5% of which had complications. Notably, 27.3% of men and 86.7% of women 'agreed' or 'strongly agreed' that surgeons have higher pregnancy complication rates than the general population (p<0.001). Men were much less likely to believe that pregnant residents should be offered modified duties (74.2% of men, 90.0% of women, p = 0.003). Women were much more likely to experience significant stigma or bias due to their status as a parent (43% of women, 0% of men, p<0.001). Women reported negative comments from others at a higher rate (58.5% of women, 40.7% of men, p = 0.013). Women believe there is negative stigma attached to being pregnant during training (62.7% of women, 42.7% of men, p = 0.01). The limitations of our study include a small sample size and response bias.  © 2024 Peters et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Prenatal Alcohol Exposure and Metabolic Disorders in Pediatrics: The Role of the Oxidative Stress—A Review of the Literature; Prenatal alcohol exposure is responsible for increasing chronic disease risk in later life, including obesity and metabolic syndrome. Alcohol drinking may compromise endogenous antioxidant capacity, causing an increase in free radicals and reactive oxygen species in the newborn. Excessive reactive oxygen species could attack the cellular proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids, leading to cellular dysfunction. Moreover, oxidative stress could play a crucial role in the altered synthesis and release of neurotrophins and progressive mitochondrial modifications with uncontrolled apoptosis. This narrative review aims to underline the important role of alcohol abuse in oxidative stress events and consequent metabolic and neurocognitive impairments in children exposed to alcohol during gestational life. © 2024 by the authors.
A meta-analysis into the mediatory effects of family planning utilization on complications of pregnancy in women of reproductive age; Background Despite conflicting findings in the current literature regarding the correlation between contraceptives and maternal health consequences, statistical analyses indicate that family planning may decrease the occurrence of such outcomes. Consequently, it is crucial to assess the capability of family planning to mitigate adverse maternal health outcomes. Objectives This review investigates the effects of modern contraceptive use on maternal health. Search methods This systematic review is registered on Prospero (CRD42022332783). We searched numerous databases with an upper date limit of February 2022 and no geographical boundaries. Selection criteria We included observational studies, including cross-sectional, cohort, case-control studies, and non-RCT with a comparison group. We excluded systematic reviews, scoping reviews, narrative reviews, and meta-analyses from the body of this review. Main results The review included nineteen studies, with five studies reporting a reduction in maternal mortality linked to increased access to family planning resources and contraceptive use. Another three studies examined the impact of contraception on the risk of preeclampsia and our analysis found that preeclampsia risk was lower by approximately 6% among contraceptive users (95% CI 0.82–1.13) compared to non-users. Two studies assessed the effect of hormonal contraceptives on postpartum glucose tolerance and found that low-androgen contraception was associated with a reduced risk of gestational diabetes (OR 0.84, 95% CI 0.58–1.22), while DMPA injection was possibly linked to a higher risk of falling glucose status postpartum (OR 1.42, 95% CI 0.85–2.36). Two studies evaluated high-risk pregnancies and births in contraceptive users versus non-users, with the risk ratio being 30% lower among contraceptive users of any form (95% CI 0.61, 0.80). None of these results were statistically significant except the latter. In terms of adverse maternal health outcomes, certain contraceptives were found to be associated with ectopic pregnancy and pregnancy-related venous thromboembolism through additional analysis. © 2024 Jahanfar et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Cardiovascular Disease in Hispanic Women: JACC Review Topic of the Week; Cardiovascular disease affects 37% of Hispanic women and is the leading cause of death among Hispanic women in the United States. Hispanic women have a higher burden of cardiovascular risk factors, are disproportionally affected by social determinants of health, and face additional barriers related to immigration, such as discrimination, language proficiency, and acculturation. Despite this, Hispanic women show lower rates of cardiovascular disease and mortality compared with non-Hispanic White women. However, this “Hispanic paradox” is challenged by recent studies that account for the diversity in culture, race, genetic background, country of origin, and social determinants of health within Hispanic subpopulations. This review provides a comprehensive overview of the cardiovascular risk factors in Hispanic women, emphasizing the role of social determinants, and proposes a multipronged approach for equitable care. © 2024 American College of Cardiology Foundation
Risk factors for severe novel coronavirus infection SARS-CoV-2 in women during pregnancy; Numerous studies suggest that pregnant women are at risk for severe morbidity, adverse gestational outcomes, and mortality after SARSCoV-2 infection. The high-risk group for developing severe forms of COVID-19 is made up of patients with concomitant somatic pathologies: chronic lung diseases, diseases of the cardiovascular system, arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus, oncological dis-eases, obesity, chronic kidney disease, liver disease. Study aim. To study the medical and genetic risk factors for the severe course of a new SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus infection in women during pregnancy. Materials and methods. An open prospective continuous cross-sectional study in which 114 patients after suffering SARS-CoV-2 were examined, who were in the period of 2020-2021 on inpatient treatment at a maternity hospital as part of a multidisciplinary infectious diseases hospital, Moscow, Russia. Depending on the severity of the underlying disease, groups were identified: group I (n=36) — patients with mild SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus infection, group II (n=56) — women with moderate severity, group III (n=22) — patients with a severe course. Results. Risk factors for severe course of the novel coronavirus infection SARS-CoV-2 in pregnant women: age over 35 years (OR=4.7; 95% CI: 1.9—12.0), pregnancy after in vitro fertilization (OR=6.8; 95% CI: 2.2—22.7), family history of cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, and bronchial asthma in first-line relatives (OR=8.5; 95% CI: 3.4—22.4), obesity (OR=31.1; 95% CI: 9.2—105.3), diseases of the circulatory system (OR=16.4; 95% CI: 5.0—54.0), diseases of the genitourinary systems (OR=4.4; 95% CI: 1.7—11.6), respiratory diseases (OR=6.8; 95% CI: 2.0—22.9), gestational diabetes mellitus (OR=8.5; 95% CI: 2.9—27.4), high-risk thrombophilia (OR=7.2; 95% CI: 2.9—19.6). © 2024, Media Sphera Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Importance of postpartum reclassificatioin gestational diabetes mellitus; The physiological adaptation of different systems, the hormonal modifications in each trimester, with the insulin resistance typical of the third, favor the appearance of gestational diabetes and other pathologies during pregnancy. Approximately 10% of pregnant women in our country develop gestational diabetes. Pregnancy is a state of hyperinsulinemia with insulin resistance, which can generate an increase in inflammatory markers. Subclinical atherosclerosis is observed during pregnancies with GDM, especially in patients with BMI >25, and it is a risk factor for future CV events. In the future, after childbirth, anincresed probability of developing diabetes mellitus, obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension and cardiovascular disease is described, independent of the development of type 2 diabetes. It seems that the increase in the carotid intima thickness appeared before pregnancy. We must also consider that there is a group of women who develop diabetes during pregnancy, both type 1 and type 2 or other types of diabetes. There are also women with pregestational diabetes who do not know their condition, which is diagnosed during pregnancy. For the mother, the diagnosis of gestational diabetes increases the risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension,preeclampsia and eclampsia, as well as the presence of hypertriglyceridemia. They also present a higher risk of cesarean section and preterm birth. The increase in the prevalence of obesity in women of childbearing age, as well as the increase in the age of pregnant women, are factors that are strongly associated with the increase in the pathologies described. The inflammatory processes involved include the increase in C-reactive protein and other cytokines. Breastfeeding is associated with a decreased risk of developing type 2 diabetes and hypertension. Therefore, timely reclassification at six weeks postpartum will allow us to evaluate not only carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, but also the risks of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular complications and is a great opportunity to intervene early, to reduce these risks. © 2024, Lugones Editorial Seal of Biotecnologica SRL. All rights reserved.
Machine Learning Revolutionizing in Gestational Diabetes Care; Significant progress in the field of biotechnology and the development of robust public healthcare systems have resulted in the generation of vast amounts of valuable healthcare data. Through the application of diverse data analysis methods, researchers have discovered intriguing patterns that aid in the timely detection and prevention of severe diseases. Diabetes mellitus is one such condition; it arises when the body either doesn’t create enough insulin (a hormone that controls blood sugar) or doesn’t properly use the insulin it does make. This causes a blood sugar imbalance, which in turn increases the risk of cardiovascular disease, renal damage, and neurological impairment. Type 1 diabetes mellitus is the most common form of the disease. All three forms of diabetes: type 1, type 2, and pregnancy related. Various machine learning techniques have been suggested to classify, identify at an early stage, and predict diabetes, offering promising approaches to address this critical health concern. To classify diabetes, a set of six different classifiers are employed: Decision Trees, KNN, Naive Bayes, Support Vector Machines, Random Forests, and Logistic Regressions. To enhance the accuracy of diabetes classification, a prediction model incorporating external factors associated with diabetes, in addition to regular factors such as Glucose, BMI, Age, and Insulin, will be utilized. The dataset will undergo training and testing to obtain reliable and precise results of effective prediction. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
Antifungal medication use during early pregnancy and the risk of congenital heart defects in the National Birth Defects Prevention Study, 1997–2011; Background: Fungal infections are common among pregnant people. Recent studies suggest positive associations between oral antifungals used to treat fungal infections and congenital heart defects (CHDs). Methods: We estimated associations between first trimester antifungal use and 20 major, specific CHDs using data from the National Birth Defects Prevention Study (NBDPS), a multi-site, case–control study that included pregnancies with estimated delivery dates from October 1997 through December 2011. Infants with CHDs (“cases”) were ascertained from 10 birth defect surveillance programs. Live born infants without major birth defects (“controls”) were randomly selected from birth records or hospital discharge lists. First trimester antifungal use was self-reported via maternal interview. We estimated adjusted odds ratios (AORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using logistic regression with Firth's penalized likelihood. Results: First trimester antifungal use was reported by 148/11,653 (1.3%) case and 123/11,427 (1.1%) control participants. We estimated AORs for 12 CHDs; six had AORs >1.5 (tetralogy of Fallot, double outlet right ventricle with transposition of the great arteries [DORV-TGA], atrioventricular septal defect, hypoplastic left heart syndrome, pulmonary atresia, muscular ventricular septal defect), and one (pulmonary valve stenosis) had an AOR <0.7. All CIs included the null, except for DORV-TGA. Conclusions: First trimester antifungal use was rare. We observed some positive associations for several specific CHDs in our analysis, although the CIs largely included the null. Results do not support a large increase in risk, but smaller increases in risk for certain CHD cannot be ruled out. © 2024 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Maternal vascular indices and hemodynamic parameters at 36 weeks' gestation in gestational and pre-existing diabetes mellitus; Objective: To compare maternal vascular indices and hemodynamic parameters at 35–37 weeks' gestation in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), those with pre-existing diabetes mellitus (DM) and those without GDM or pre-existing DM. Methods: This was a prospective observational study in women with a singleton pregnancy attending for a routine hospital visit at 35 + 0 to 36 + 6 weeks' gestation. The visit included recording of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history, and measurement of vascular indices and hemodynamic parameters using a non-invasive operator-independent device. These included carotid-to-femoral pulse-wave velocity, augmentation index, cardiac output, stroke volume, central systolic and diastolic blood pressure, total peripheral resistance and heart rate. The values in the GDM and pre-existing DM groups were compared to those in the unaffected group. Results: We examined 6746 women, of whom 396 were excluded because they had chronic hypertension or developed pre-eclampsia or gestational hypertension. The study population of 6350 pregnancies contained 99 (1.6%) with pre-existing Type-I or Type-II DM and 617 (9.7%) that developed GDM, including 261 (42.3%) that were treated with diet alone, 239 (38.7%) treated with metformin alone and 117 (19.0%) treated with insulin with or without metformin. Among women with GDM and those with pre-existing DM, compared to those without GDM or pre-existing DM, there was a higher median cardiac output and heart rate, central systolic and diastolic blood pressure and pulse-wave velocity, but there was no significant difference in stroke volume and total peripheral resistance. There were no significant differences within the GDM group according to treatment type, except for higher heart rate in women treated with metformin alone compared to the group treated with diet alone. Conclusion: Women with GDM and those with pre-existing DM have evidence of early vascular disease in the third trimester, and this may contribute to their increased long-term cardiovascular risk. © 2024 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology. © 2024 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Do infants with isolated congenital sixth nerve palsy require comprehensive work-up? A retrospective cohort and review of the literature; Purpose: The purpose of this study is to describe a case series of infants with isolated congenital sixth nerve palsy (ICSNP) and suggest a management algorithm based on our experience and a review of the literature. Methods: A retrospective cohort design was used. The clinical database of a single tertiary medical center was reviewed to identify all patients diagnosed with ICSNP from January 2020 to November 2022. Data were collected as follows: demographic parameters, age at initial presentation, presenting symptoms and signs, findings on ophthalmic and neurologic examinations, findings on follow-up, and outcome. Results: Six patients were included. All were born at term. The average gestational weight was 3675.7 ± 262.7 g. Three mothers had gestational diabetes. Five deliveries necessitated labor induction either by oxytocin (n = 4) or by membrane stripping followed by oxytocin (n = 1). One had also gone a forceps assisted delivery. Symptoms were noticed in all newborns by their parents within the first week of life. Ophthalmological and neurological examinations were otherwise unremarkable apart of one patient with a head turn to the side of the involved eye. Four patients underwent brain imaging that were unremarkable. All abduction deficits resolved by 1 to 3 months of age. Follow up examinations were unremarkable (mean follow up 14.3 ± 5.0 months, range 4–23). Conclusions: This case series, together with previous reports, support ICSNP’s benign nature. We suggest an initial basic work-up that solely includes ophthalmological and neurological examinations which will be elaborated in case of any additional pathologic findings or if ICSNP does not fully resolve by 3 months. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2023.
Factors associated with depression during pregnancy in women receiving high- and low-risk prenatal care: a predictive model; Introduction: Depression during pregnancy can put strain on pregnant women’s interpersonal relationships, the formation of emotional bonds with the fetus, and the adaptation to the new routine and social role post-pregnancy. Some studies have associated socioeconomic factors, emotional factors, interpersonal relationships, perceived social support, gestational risk, and the occurrence of certain diseases during pregnancy with higher risk of depression. Objectives: This study aimed to investigate the prevalence of depression during pregnancy and associated factors in low- and high-risk prenatal patients at a Brazilian university hospital. Methods: This study presents a retrospective and prospective cross-sectional design. A total of 684 prenatal psychological analysis records from a Brazilian tertiary university service were retrospectively evaluated to assess depression through the PRIME-MD questionnaire between 2002–2017. Between 2017 and 2018, 76 patients treated at the same service were prospectively evaluated with the aforementioned instrument. Medical records were accessed to obtain labor and birth data. Multivariate analyses assessed the association between sociodemographic, gestational or obstetric, and health variables and the presence of depression during pregnancy. Results: A total of 760 pregnant women were included in the study, with a depression prevalence of 20.66% (n = 157). At the time of assessment, 48 (21.05%) women from the low-risk pregnancy group and 109 (20.49%) from the high-risk pregnancy group were depressed. The mean age was 30.01 ± 6.55 years in the group with depression and 29.81 ± 6.50 years in the group without depression. In the univariate analysis, there was an association of risk for depression with absence of paid work, absence of a partner, low family income and diagnosis of epilepsy, being a protective factor the presence of diabetes during pregnancy. However, in the multivariate analysis, a lower family income, not having a partner at the time of the assessment, and the prevalence of epilepsy were independently associated with an increased risk of depression during pregnancy. Conclusion: This study showed that 1 in 5 women had depression during pregnancy, with no association with obstetric risk, but those women living in unfavorable economic conditions, without a partner, and having epilepsy were at increased risk of depression. Copyright © 2024 Albertini, Benute, Francisco and Galletta.
A retrospective cohort study evaluating pregnancy outcomes in women with MIDD; Aims: The most common pathogenic mitochondrial mutation associated with mitochondrial disease is m.3243A>G. Increased obstetric complications, such as spontaneous abortion, gestational diabetes (GDM), preterm delivery, and preeclampsia, have been reported in women carrying this mutation. We aimed to determine the fetal and maternal outcomes in pregnant women with mitochondrial disease. Methods: We retrospectively studied the obstetric and perinatal outcomes in 88 pregnancies of 26 women with genetically confirmed mitochondrial disease (m.3243A>G in the MTTL1 gene (n = 25); m.12258C>A in the MT-TS2 gene (n = 1)). Outcomes included pregnancy related complications, mode of delivery, gestational age at delivery and birthweight. Results: Mean heteroplasmy rate was 18%. The miscarriage rate was higher than background at 25%. 21 pregnancies (24%) were complicated by GDM; 9 pregnancies (13.6%) had a preterm delivery and 2 of them (3%) an extreme premature delivery < 32 weeks. One woman had preeclampsia and one had a postpartum hemorrhage. The caesarean section (CS) rate was 20%. For every unit increase in maternal heteroplasmy levels there was a 26% increased risk of undergoing an assisted operative vaginal delivery (OR 1.26, 95% CI 1.04–1.53, P = 0.002, Bonferroni corrected P = 0.005) and an 18% increased risk of undergoing a CS (OR 1.18, 95% CI 1.01–1.39, P = 0.01, Bonferroni corrected P = 0.03) compared to a spontaneous vaginal delivery. There was a statistical significant correlation between maternal and offspring heteroplasmy levels. Spearman correlation rho = 0.96, 95% CI 0.78–0.99, P = 0.0002. Conclusion: Women with mitochondrial disease appear to have more frequent obstetric complications including miscarriage and GDM. Pre-pregnancy diagnosis of m.3243A>G will enable the counseling of women and increase awareness of possible obstetric complications. © Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature 2023.
Maternal Diabetes and Overweight and Congenital Heart Defects in Offspring; Importance: Maternal diabetes and overweight or obesity are known to be associated with increased risk of congenital heart defects (CHDs) in offspring, but there are no large studies analyzing outcomes associated with these factors in 1 model. Objective: To investigate the association of maternal diabetes and overweight or obesity with CHDs among offspring in 1 model. Design, Setting, and Participants: This nationwide, population-based register study was conducted in a birth cohort from Finland consisting of all children born between 2006 and 2016 (620751 individuals) and their mothers. Data were analyzed from January 2022 until November 2023. Exposures: Maternal prepregnancy body mass index (BMI; calculated as weight in kilograms divided by height in meters squared), categorized as underweight (<18.5), normal (18.5-24.9), overweight (25.0-29.9), and obesity (≥30), was assessed. Maternal diabetes status, classified as no diabetes, type 1 diabetes (T1D), type 2 or other diabetes, and gestational diabetes, was assessed. Main Outcomes and Measures: Odds ratios (ORs) of isolated CHDs in children were found. In addition, 9 anatomical CHD subgroups were studied. Results: Of 620751 children (316802 males [51.0%]; 573259 mothers aged 20-40 years [92.3%]) born in Finland during the study period, 10254 children (1.7%) had an isolated CHD. Maternal T1D was associated with increased odds of having a child with any CHD (OR, 3.77 [95% CI, 3.26-4.36]) and 6 of 9 CHD subgroups (OR range, 3.28 [95% CI, 1.55-6.95] for other septal defects to 7.39 [95% CI, 3.00-18.21] for transposition of great arteries) compared with no maternal diabetes. Maternal overweight was associated with left ventricular outflow tract obstruction (OR, 1.28 [95% CI, 1.10-1.49]) and ventricular septal defects (OR, 0.92 [95% CI, 0.86-0.98]), and obesity was associated with complex defects (OR, 2.70 [95% CI, 1.14-6.43]) and right outflow tract obstruction (OR, 1.31 [95% CI, 1.09-1.58]) compared with normal maternal BMI. Conclusions and Relevance: This study found that maternal T1D was associated with increased risk for most types of CHD in offspring, while obesity and overweight were associated with increased risk for complex defects and outflow tract obstruction and decreased risk for ventricular septal defects. These different risk profiles of T1D and overweight and obesity may suggest distinct underlying teratogenic mechanisms.. © 2024 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factor Interventions in Women With Prior Gestational Hypertensive Disorders or Diabetes in North America: A Rapid Review; Women with previous hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 2- to 3-fold increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The goal of this rapid review was to summarize evidence of the effectiveness of CVD risk factor interventions for postpartum women with a history of HDP or GDM. A comprehensive search strategy was used to search articles published in 5 databases—Ovid MEDLINE, PubMed, the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), PsycINFO, and Embase). Observational and intervention studies that identified CVD prevention, screening, and/or risk factor management interventions among postpartum women with prior HDP or GDM in Canada and the US were included. The quality of observational and interventional studies, and their risk of bias, were assessed using appropriate critical appraisal checklists. Eight studies, including 4 observational cohorts, 3 randomized controlled trials, and 1 quasi-experimental study, merited inclusion for analysis. A total of 2449 participants were involved in the included studies. The most effective CVD risk factor intervention was comprised of postpartum transition and follow-up, CVD risk factor education, and advice on lifestyle changes. Most of the observational studies led to improvements in CVD risk factors, including improvements in CVD lifetime risk scores. However, none of the RCTs led to improvements in cardiometabolic risk factors. Few studies have investigated CVD risk factor interventions in the postpartum in women with previous HDP or GDM in North America. Further studies of higher quality are needed. © 2023 The Authors
The infants’ gut microbiome: setting the stage for the early onset of obesity; In the past three decades, dietary and lifestyle changes worldwide have resulted in a global increase in the prevalence of obesity in both adults and children. Known to be highly influenced by genetic, environmental and lifestyle factors, obesity is characterized by a low-grade chronic inflammation that contributes to the development of other metabolic diseases such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Recently, the gut microbiome has been added as a cause/contributor to the development of obesity. As differences in the microbiome between obese and normoweight individuals have been observed, we set out to determine whether infants harbor an obesogenic microbiome early on and whether the pre-pregnancy status of the mother (obese or normoweight) is correlated to their infant’s microbiome composition. Using shotgun sequencing, we analyzed stool samples throughout the first year of life from infants born to obese (n = 23 participants, m = 104 samples) and normoweight (n = 23 participants, m = 99 samples) mothers. We found that the infants’ microbiome diversity at taxonomic and functional levels was significantly influenced by time (ANOVA p < 0.001) but not by the mother’s pre-pregnancy status. Overall, no deterministic succession of taxa or functions was observed. However, infants born to obese mothers were found to have a significantly higher Bacillota/Bacteroidota ratio (p = 0.02) at six months, were significantly depleted from six months old of the well-established obesity biomarkers Akkermansia municiphila and Faecalibacterium prausnitzii (p < 0.01), and were at one week old, significantly enriched in pathways such as the UDP-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine biosynthesis II (p = 0.02) involved in leptin production, suggesting perhaps that there may exist some underlying mechanisms that dictate the development of an obesogenic microbiota early on. Copyright © 2024 Vallès, Arshad, Abdalbaqi, Inman, Ahmad, Drou, Gunsalus, Ali, Tahlak and Abdulle.
Lifetime history of gestational diabetes and cognitive function in parous women in midlife; Aims/hypothesis: We aimed to determine whether a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with cognitive function in midlife. Methods: We conducted a secondary data analysis of the prospective Nurses’ Health Study II. From 1989 to 2001, and then in 2009, participants reported their history of GDM. A subset participated in a cognition sub-study in 2014–2019 (wave 1) or 2018–2022 (wave 2). We included 15,906 parous participants (≥1 birth at ≥18 years) who completed a cognitive assessment and were free of CVD, cancer and diabetes before their first birth. The primary exposure was a history of GDM. Additionally, we studied exposure to GDM and subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus (neither GDM nor type 2 diabetes, GDM only, type 2 diabetes only or GDM followed by type 2 diabetes) and conducted mediation analysis by type 2 diabetes. The outcomes were composite z scores measuring psychomotor speed/attention, learning/working memory and global cognition obtained with the Cogstate brief battery. Mean differences (β and 95% CI) in cognitive function by GDM were estimated using linear regression. Results: The 15,906 participants were a mean of 62.0 years (SD 4.9) at cognitive assessment, and 4.7% (n=749) had a history of GDM. In models adjusted for age at cognitive assessment, race and ethnicity, education, wave of enrolment in the cognition sub-study, socioeconomic status and pre-pregnancy characteristics, women with a history of GDM had lower performance in psychomotor speed/attention (β −0.08; 95% CI −0.14, −0.01) and global cognition (β −0.06; 95% CI −0.11, −0.01) than those without a history of GDM. The lower cognitive performance in women with GDM was only partially explained by the development of type 2 diabetes. Conclusions/interpretation: Women with a history of GDM had poorer cognition than those without GDM. If replicated, our findings support future research on early risk modification strategies for women with a history of GDM as a potential avenue to decrease their risk of cognitive impairment. Graphical Abstract: (Figure presented.) © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.
The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on carotid artery intima-media thickness in and after pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims: The association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and common carotid artery (CCA) intima-media thickness (IMT) is still controversial. This systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to assess the correlation between GDM and CCA-IMT in and after pregnancy. Methods: PubMed and EMBASE databases were systematically reviewed on April 2023. Studies measuring CCA-IMT in both pregnant women with GDM and women with previous history of GDM (pGDM) vs. healthy controls were included. The subtotal and overall standardized mean differences (SMDs) of CCA-IMT were calculated using the random-effect model. Results: Nineteen studies with a total of 302 GDM and 861 pGDM women were analyzed. The average value of CCA-IMT measured in GDM/pGDM (0.59 ± 0.12 mm) was slightly increased in comparison to the accepted reference limits of IMT according to age classes. Substantial heterogeneity was detected for the studies involving both GDM and pGDM women, with an overall statistic I2 of 86.0% (p < 0.001). Large SMDs were obtained for the studies conducted on both GDM and pGDM women, with an overall SMD of 0.89 (95%CI 0.63–1.15, p < 0.001). Egger's test for a regression intercept gave a p-value of 0.37, indicating no publication bias. On meta-regression analysis, all potential confounders (number of patients, age at pregnancy, body mass index, measuring time, follow-up duration and GDM criteria) were not significantly associated with effect modification. Conclusions: GDM in and after pregnancy is independently associated with subclinical atherosclerosis. The association between GDM and carotid remodeling is potentially mediated by the longstanding underlying risk. © Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature 2023.
Second-trimester Uterine Artery Doppler Pulsatility Index in Singleton Pregnant Women with and without Risk of Pre-eclampsia; Background: Preeclampsia (PE) is gestational hypertension and one of the most serious disorders in pregnant women. Objective: This study aimed to compare second-trimester uterine artery Doppler pulsatility index (UAPI) in singleton pregnant women with and without risk of PE. Methods: A case-control study was carried out among 200 singleton pregnant women in the second trimester of pregnancy, who were referred to Imam Hospital in Ahvaz (Iran). The data were recorded on their demographic, obstetric, clinical characteristics, and Doppler indices. The average UA-PI value was considered as the mean PI between the right and left arteries. Women who were categorized into Groups 1 and 2 had a moderate-high and low risk of PE, respectively. Results: The mean UA-PI, right UA-PI, left UA-PI, systolic and diastolic blood pressures (BP), age, body mass index (BMI), and abdominal circumference (AC) of women in Group 1 were significantly higher than those in Group 2 (p<0.05). Furthermore, Group 1 had a higher frequency of abortions, comorbidities, abnormal UA Doppler results, and nulliparous women than Group 2 (p<0.05). Based on maternal age (<35, ≥35), BMI (<25, ≥25), comorbidities (yes, no), and nulliparity (yes, no) categories, those who were in Group 1 had a significantly higher mean systolic and diastolic BP, UA-PI, right UA-PI, and left UA-PI than their counterparts in Group 2 (p<0.001). Conclusion: This study declared the second-trimester UA-PI had good potential for timely prediction of PE risk in pregnant women. © 2024 Bentham Science Publishers.
Retrospective analysis of the effect of SGLT-2 inhibitors on renal function in patients with type 2 diabetes in the real world; Introduction: The protective effect of sodium–glucose cotransporter-2 (SGLT-2) inhibitors on the kidneys has been widely recognized. However, limited research has reported the changes in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) of real-world patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) over time after administration of SGLT-2 inhibitors. This study aimed to reflect the trend of eGFR changes over time in T2DM patients having different baseline eGFR after SGLT-2 inhibitors administration in the real world. Methods: A single-center retrospective study was performed in a tertiary public hospital in Beijing, China. In total, 998 outpatients with T2DM who initiated SGLT-2 inhibitors treatment were included in the study. The changes in eGFR, urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (UACR), and glycolipid metabolism indicators were analyzed during the 18-month follow-up period. Results: The eGFR levels significantly decreased to their lowest point (−3.04 mL/min/1.73 m2) in the first 3 months after initiation of SGLT-2 inhibitors treatment, however, gradually returned to the baseline level after 1 year. Compared to the subgroup with eGFR >90 mL/min/1.73 m2, improvements in renal function were more significant in patients with T2DM from the 60 < eGFR ≤90 mL/min/1.73 m2 and eGFR ≤60 mL/min/1.73 m2 subgroups after treatment with SGLT-2 inhibitors. Similarly, SGLT-2 inhibitors reduced the UACR in patients with diabetic nephropathy. Conclusion: This study further confirmed the real-world long-term protective effect of SGLT-2 inhibitors on the kidneys of patients with T2DM, which is not related to baseline renal function and blood glucose. Copyright © 2024 Song, Hou, Zhang, Zhao, Liu, Li, Zhang and Ji.
Pregnancy-associated cardiovascular risks and postpartum care; an opportunity for interventions aiming at health preservation and disease prevention; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of premature death and disability for female individuals around the world and the rates are increasing in those aged 35–44 years. Certain pregnancy complications (Pregnancy-associated Cardiovascular Risks (P-CVR))are linked to an increased risk of future CVD making pregnancy and the postpartum period as an ideal time to screen individuals for underlying, often unrecognized, cardiovascular risk factors. Pregnancy complications associated with an increased risk of future CVD including the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, idiopathic preterm birth, delivery of a growth restricted baby and a placental abruption that leads to delivery. A number of guidelines and research groups recommend postpartum CVR screening, counseling and lifestyle intervention for all those who have had one or more of P-CVRs starting within the first six months postpartum. An individualized plan for postpartum screening should be created with the individual and lifestyle interventions discussed. © 2023
Association of DPP-4 Concentrations with the Occurrence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Excessive Gestational Weight Gain; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is considered one of the most common diseases that occur during pregnancy. In addition to increasing the risk of numerous complications throughout gestation, it is also believed to have a long-term potential to impact the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease for the mother and her offspring. While there are clear guidelines for healthy weight gain in pregnancy depending on pre-pregnancy BMI, as well as dietary and training recommendations to achieve this, an increasing number of women are experiencing excessive gestational weight gain (EGWG). Such patients have a higher risk of developing GDM and gestational hypertension, as well as requiring caesarian delivery. Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) is a glycoprotein that seems to play an important role in glucose metabolism, and inhibition of its activity positively affects glucose regulation. The aim of our study was to compare DPP-4 concentrations in patients with GDM and EGWG with healthy women. DPP-4 levels were assessed in serum and urine samples collected on the day of delivery. The bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) method was also used to analyze the body composition of patients on the second day of the postpartum period. DPP-4 serum concentrations were significantly higher in patients in the GDM and EGWG groups compared to healthy women. Urinary DPP-4 concentrations were significantly higher in the control and GDM groups than in the EGWG group. Serum DPP-4 levels were positively correlated with BMI measured before pregnancy, on the delivery day, and in the early postpartum period, among other factors. According to our knowledge, this is the first study to determine DPP-4 levels in EGWG patients. DPP-4 may be related to the occurrence of GDM and EGWG; however, this requires further research. © 2024 by the authors.
Early puberty: a review on its role as a risk factor for metabolic and mental disorders; Accumulating evidence indicates that there is a trend of early puberty onset in humans. The early timing of puberty has raised concerns due to its association with significant negative health outcomes. However, overall impact and potential risk of early puberty remain uncertain. In this study, we conducted a comprehensive review of existing epidemiological studies to gain insights into the long-term adverse health effects associated with early puberty. Our objective was to provide a consolidated summary of these outcomes at a population level by considering studies that encompass various indicators of puberty. In all, early puberty has been identified as a potential risk factor for various metabolic diseases, such as obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Children who experience early puberty are more likely to have a higher body mass index (BMI) during adulthood, increasing their risk of obesity. Early puberty also has been found to be an independent risk factor for diabetes mellitus, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), as earlier onset of menarche in girls and voice breaking in boys is associated with a higher prevalence of T2DM. Furthermore, evidence suggests that early puberty may contribute to an elevated risk of CVD, including conditions like coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, angina, and hypertension. In addition, adolescents who experience early puberty, particularly girls, are more likely to suffer from mental problems, such as behavioral dysfunction and depression. Notably, early puberty has a more significant impact on girls than boys. Further research should consider the underlying mechanisms and potential preventive measures. 2024 Sun, Liu, Mu, Liu, Hao and Xin.
Low-dose diazoxide is safe and effective in infants with transient hyperinsulinism; Objective: Transient hyperinsulinism (THI) is the most common form of recurrent hypoglycaemia in neonates beyond the first week of life. Although self-resolving, treatment can be required. Consensus guidelines recommend the lower end of the diazoxide 5–15 mg/kg/day range in THI to reduce the risk of adverse events. We sought to determine if doses <5 mg/kg/day of diazoxide can be effective in THI. Design, Patients, Measurments: Infants with THI (duration <6 months) were treated with low-dose diazoxide from October 2015 to February 2021. Dosing was based on weight at diazoxide start: 2 mg/kg/day in infants 1000–2000 g (cohort 1), 3 mg/kg/day in those 2000–3500 g (cohort 2) and 5 mg/kg/day in those >3500 g. Results: A total of 73 infants with THI (77% male, 33% preterm, 52% small-for-gestational age) were commenced on diazoxide at a median age of 11 days (range 3–43) for a median duration of 4 months (0.3–6.8), with no difference between cohorts. The mean effective diazoxide dose was 3 mg/kg/day (range 1.5–10); 35% (26/73) required an increase from their starting dose, including 60% (9/15) of cohort 1. There was no association between perinatal stress risk factors or treatment-related characteristics and dose increase. Adverse events occurred in 13 patients (18%); oedema (12%) and hyponatraemia (5%) were the most common. Two infants developed suspected necrotising enterocolitis (NEC); none had pulmonary hypertension. Conclusion: Diazoxide doses <5 mg/kg/day are effective in THI. While the nature of the association between diazoxide and NEC was unclear, other adverse events were mild. We suggest considering starting doses as low as 2–3 mg/kg/day in THI to balance the side effect risk while maintaining euglycaemia. © 2023 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Prenatal Risk and Later Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities; The fetal period is marked by heightened vulnerability to environmental insults. The complex and patterned organization of the fetal brain lays the foundation for later maturation and behavior. Prenatal influences play a critical role in shaping the developmental trajectory of intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD). This chapter explores prenatal risk factors, including maternal physical and mental health and exposure to adversity, teratogens, environmental hazards, and systemic factors. We consider how exposure to these factors shapes long-term neurodevelopmental processes that lead to functional abnormalities, subsequently contributing to IDD. We discuss these factors to underscore the importance of public health interventions and targeted strategies to foster healthy pregnancies, support optimal neurodevelopment, and mitigate the long-term consequences of early life adversities. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
Pregnancy outcomes and iron status in β-thalassemia major and intermedia: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Advancements in orally bioavailable iron chelators and MRI methods have improved life expectancy and reproductive potential in thalassemia major (TM) and thalassemia intermedia (TI). Pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, frequency of which has not been well delineated. This systematic review aims to provide risk estimates of maternal and fetal outcomes in TM and TI and explore pregnancy’s impact on iron homeostasis. Fifteen studies (429 participants, 684 pregnancies) were included. Meta-analysis revealed a higher thrombosis risk in TI (3.7%) compared to TM (0.92%), unchanged from prepregnancy. Heart failure risks in the earlier years appeared similar (TM 1.6% vs TI 1.1%), and maternal mortality in TM was 3.7%, but with current management, these risks are rare. Gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia occurred in 3.9% and 11.3% of TM pregnancies, respectively. Caesarean section rates were 83.9% in TM and 67% in TI. No significant difference in stillbirth, small for gestational age neonates, or preterm birth incidence between TM and TI was observed. In TM pregnancies, red cell requirements significantly increased (from 102 to 139 ml/kg/year, P = 0.001), and 70% of TI pregnancies required blood transfusions. As expected, increased transfusion alongside chelation cessation led to a significant increase in serum ferritin during pregnancy (TM by 1005 ng/mL; TI by 332 ng/mL, P < 0.0001). Deterioration in iron status was further reflected by an increase in liver iron concentration (from 4.6 to 11.9 mg/g dry weight, P < 0.0001), and myocardial T2-star (T2*) magnetic resonance imaging decreased (from 36.2 ± 2.5 ms to 31.1 ms) during pregnancy. These findings emphasize the elevated maternal risk of iron-related cardiomyopathy during pregnancy and labor, stressing the importance of cardiac monitoring and postpartum chelation therapy resumption. © 2024 by The American Society of Hematology.
Diabetes and women, why are we different?; Diabetes affects men and women differently and the mistaken assumption of equality in its clinical expression can lead to errors and delays in the diagnostic process and the therapeutic strategy adopted. The objective is to show the gender differences that influence the approach to this pathology and what the role of the family doctor is in the monitoring of women with diabetes. It is a review of the impact of diabetes at different stages of a woman's life, how hormonal changes affect glycemic control, gestational diabetes, how diabetes affects the development of chronic complications in women and their consequences, the existing differences in the control of cardiovascular risk factors and the differential aspects by sex of the different families of drugs used in the treatment of diabetes. © 2023 Sociedad Española de Médicos de Atención Primaria (SEMERGEN)
An obstetric-specific surgical Apgar score predicts maternal morbidity from cesarean hysterectomy for placenta accreta spectrum; Objective: Placenta accreta spectrum (PAS) is a continuum of placental conditions characterized by significant maternal and neonatal morbidity. Tools to accurately predict postoperative morbidity have been lacking due to the hemodynamic changes of pregnancy. The surgical Apgar score (SAS) is a 10-point scale that assesses heart rate, mean arterial pressure, and estimated blood loss. The SAS has been validated to predict morbidity such as blood transfusion and reoperation. Methods: We created an obstetric-specific SAS (ObSAS) scale for physiologic changes of pregnancy (two-fold increase in blood loss, 10% increased heart rate, and 5% decreased mean arterial pressure) and analyzed 110 cases of PAS who underwent cesarean hysterectomy. Results: An ObSAS of 0–4 (poorest score) was significantly associated with increased risk of intensive care unit (ICU) admission (odds ratio [OR] 40.6, 95% confidence interval [CI] 7.9–742.9), transfusion >4 units (26/26 patients), and greater surgical morbidity (OR 22.7, 95% CI 4.4–415.0). ObSAS of 9–10 resulted in no ICU admissions (0/12), fewer blood transfusions (OR 0.1, 95% CI 0.1–0.4). and less surgical morbidity (OR 0.09, 95% CI 0.01–0.37). Conclusion: Given the overall surgical morbidity associated with PAS cesarean hysterectomy, the ObSAS score is a powerful tool with excellent predictive capabilities for ICU admission, blood transfusion, and surgical morbidity, allowing for resource allocation, prophylactic interventions, and optimal patient outcomes. © 2023 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.
Increased Circulating IL-32 Is Associated With Placenta Macrophage-derived IL-32 and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objective: Placenta-derived inflammation plays a vital role in the pathophysiology of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). IL-32 is a novel pro-inflammatory cytokine and metabolic regulator involved in the development of metabolic disease. We investigated the effect of IL-32 in GDM. Materials and Methods: First-trimester C-reactive protein (CRP) level was monitored in a case-control study of 186 women with GDM and 186 women without. Placental tissue was lysed and analyzed by high-resolution liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Circulating level of inflammatory cytokines IL-32, IL-6, and TNF-α were measured by ELISA kits. The expression of placenta-derived macrophages, inflammatory cytokines, and related pathway proteins were assessed by reverse transcriptase-quantitative PCR, western blot, immunohistochemistry, or immunofluorescence. Results: First-trimester CRP level in peripheral blood was closely associated with glucose and insulin resistance index and was an independent correlation with the development of GDM. High-resolution liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry revealed that placenta-derived CRP expression was dramatically elevated in women with GDM. Interestingly, the expression of placenta-derived IL-32 was also increased and located in the macrophages of placental tissue. Meanwhile, the expression of IL-6, TNF-α, and p-p38 were up-regulated in the placental tissues with GDM. Either IL-6 or TNF-α was colocated with IL-32 in the placental tissue. Importantly, circulating IL-32 throughout pregnancy was increased in GDM and was related to placental-derived IL-32 expression, circulating IL-6, and TNF-α, glucose and insulin resistance index. Conclusion: Increased circulating IL-32 throughout pregnancy was closely associated with placenta macrophage-derived IL-32 expression and GDM. First trimester IL-32 level in peripheral blood may serve to predict the development of GDM.  © 2023 The Author(s).
Risk Factors and Clinical Features of Peripartum Cardiomyopathy in a Chinese Population; Purpose: We investigated the risk factors and characteristic clinical features of peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) to lay the groundwork for early identification, screening, diagnosis, and intervention in high-risk pregnant women. Patients and methods: A retrospective case-control study was conducted to analyze data from 44 patients with PPCM and 226 normal pregnant women from a Chinese population. Results: Significant differences were found between the groups in terms of various factors such as age, body mass index (BMI), heart rate, and medical history. Logistic regression models identified abnormal electrocardiography (OR=18.852), upper respiratory tract infection (OR=41.822), gestational hypertension (OR=18.188), and cesarean section ( OR=8.394) as risk factors for PPCM. Common clinical features observed in patients with PPCM included cough, wheezing, and chest tightness (68.18%), left heart enlargement (56.82%) and valvular insufficiency (81.82%). Additionally, cardiotropic virus was detected in a subset of patients (43.18%) and NT-proBNP was elevated ≥ 400 pg/mL (81.82%). Conclusion: In the Chinese population, the presence of abnormal electrocardiograms during pregnancy, history of upper respiratory tract infection, gestational hypertension, and maternal choice of cesarean section suggest the possibility of PPCM development. Factors such as advanced age, family history of cardiovascular disease, gestational diabetes mellitus, eclampsia, anemia, and hypoproteinemia should be considered. Clinically, patients present with cough, wheezing, chest tightness, enlarged left heart, valvular insufficiency and NT-proBNP elevated ≥ 400 pg/mL. This study could serve as a valuable reference for medical practitioners for the early identification and screening of patients with PPCM. © 2024 Huang et al. This work is published and licensed by Dove Medical Press Limited.
Knowledge, attitudes, and practices of Lebanese patients with type II diabetes towards the use and abuse of dietary supplements: A cross-sectional study; Background: Dietary supplements (DS) use among Lebanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) increased widely due to the country’s economic and financial situation. This study was conducted (1) to estimate the prevalence of DS use among persons with T2DM amid the escalating economic crisis in Lebanon; (2) to explore the knowledge, attitude, and practice (KAP) of DS use; and (3) to determine any significant association between socio-economic and socio-demographic factors and the use of DS modality Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted during the worst episode of the economic crisis between October and April 2022 on 460 adult patients with T2DM of both sexes. Patients were interviewed using a pre-tested questionnaire. Results: Almost 4 out of 10 patients with T2DM in our study were found to be using DS, where 27.6% take multivitamins frequently. One-third of the participants agreed that nutritional supplements are necessary to control diabetes symptoms and complications. Around 41.1% of the participants complained about hypoglycemia and used DS to control their blood sugar levels (56.4%), while the rest used it to improve their health (35.5%) and control their diet (2.2%). The predictors of DS usage were the patient’s level of education [OR=3.9, CI=1.5-10, p=0.003), self-monitoring of blood sugars (OR=4.9, CI=1.68-14.6; p=0.004) and reading the nutrition label [OR=59.3, CI=6.3-55.8, p=0.000]. Conclusion: This study estimated the prevalence of DS use and abuse, among persons with diabetes type II and found three significant predictors of DS use among patients with T2DM. Public health experts should encourage healthy discussions and awareness with their patients to comprehend their views regarding DS use. Copyright: © 2024 Abdallah M et al.
Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease Novel and Traditional Risk Factors in Middle Eastern Young Women. The ANCORS-YW Study; Background: There is paucity of data on the prevalence of novel and traditional cardiovascular risk factors in young women with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) in the Middle East. We sought to evaluate clinical profiles and prevalence of novel and traditional risk factors in Middle Eastern young women with ASCVD compared with age-matched controls. Methods: Women 18–50 years of age who have ASCVD were enrolled and each was aged-matched with two women with no ASCVD. Prevalence of novel and traditional risk factors was compared in the two groups. Multivariable analyzes examined the independent association of 16 factors with ASCVD. Results: Of 627 young women enrolled mean age 44.1 ± 5.2 years; 209 had ASCVD and 418 served as controls. Women with ASCVD had significantly higher prevalence of five of the studied traditional risk factors (hypertension, type 2 diabetes [T2D], smoking, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol serum levels, and family history of premature ASCVD [FHx]) than women with no ASCVD. Additionally, of the 11 novel and psychosocial risk factors studied, four showed significantly higher prevalence in young women with ASCVD (preterm delivery, hypertensive disease of pregnancy gestational diabetes, and low level of education). Multivariable analyzes showed hypertension, T2D, smoking, FHx, persistent weight gain after pregnancy and low level of education were independently associated with ASCVD. Conclusions: In this study of young Middle Eastern women; traditional risk factors as well as persistent weight gain after pregnancy were more prevalent in women with ASCVD compared with controls. © 2024 The Author(s).
Lower Visceral Fat is Related to Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy; Objective: Visceral fat area (VFA) levels have been found to exhibit a strong association with various conditions such as insulin resistance (IR), inflammation, oxidative stress, metabolic syndrome (MetS), hyperlipidemia, diabetes, and its vascular complications. These complications include hypertension, cardiovascular disease, diabetic retinopathy (DR), albuminuria, and cardiovascular autonomic dysfunction, which is considered one of the main types of diabetic neuropathy. This study aimed to investigate the correlation between visceral fat and peripheral neuropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Methods: A retrospective analysis of clinical data of patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes admitted to our hospital was conducted. After excluding 28 cases, a total of 488 patients were included, divided into the group with peripheral neuropathy (207 cases) and the control group without peripheral neuropathy (281 cases). The correlation between VFA and the presence of DPN was assessed using correlation and multiple logistic regression analyses. Results: In terms of general information, the group with peripheral neuropathy had lower BMI but longer duration of diabetes compared to the control group. Regarding biochemical indicators, VFA were lower in the group with peripheral neuropathy, while FPG and HbA1c levels were higher (all P<0.05). Spearman correlation analysis showed a negative correlation between VFA, and the presence of peripheral neuropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes (P<0.05). Logistic regression analysis indicated that VFA, duration of diabetes, and HbA1c level were influencing factors for the occurrence of peripheral neuropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes (P<0.05). Conclusion: This study revealed a correlation between visceral fat and peripheral neuropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes, highlighting the importance of monitoring visceral fat in such patients. In addition to lower levels of VFA, factors such as duration of diabetes and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) level were also associated with peripheral neuropathy in patients with T2DM. © 2024 Sun et al.
Single-balloon catheter with concomitant vaginal misoprostol is the most effective strategy for labor induction: a meta-review with network meta-analysis; Objective: Several systematic reviews and meta-analyses have been conducted to summarize the evidence for the efficacy of various labor induction agents. However, the most effective agents or strategies have not been conclusively determined. We aimed to perform a meta-review and network meta-analysis of published systematic reviews to determine the efficacy and safety of currently employed pharmacologic, mechanical, and combined methods of labor induction. Data Sources: With the assistance of an experienced medical librarian, we performed a systematic search of the literature using PubMed, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Central Register of Control Trials. We systematically searched electronic databases from inception to May 31, 2021. Study Eligibility Criteria: We considered systematic reviews and meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials comparing different agents or methods for inpatient labor induction. Methods: We conducted a frequentist random-effects network meta-analysis employing data from randomized controlled trials of published systematic reviews. We performed direct pairwise meta-analyses to compare the efficacy of the various labor induction agents and placebo or no treatment. We performed ranking to determine the best treatment using the surface under the cumulative ranking curve. The main outcomes assessed were cesarean delivery, vaginal delivery within 24 hours, operative vaginal delivery, hyperstimulation, neonatal intensive care unit admissions, and Apgar scores of <7 at 5 minutes of birth. Results: We included 11 systematic reviews and extracted data from 207 randomized controlled trials with a total of 40,854 participants. When assessing the efficacy of all agents and methods, the combination of a single-balloon catheter with misoprostol was the most effective in reducing the odds of cesarean delivery and vaginal birth >24 hours (surface under the cumulative ranking curve of 0.9 for each). Among the pharmacologic agents, low-dose vaginal misoprostol was the most effective in reducing the odds of cesarean delivery, whereas high-dose vaginal misoprostol was the most effective in achieving vaginal delivery within 24 hours (surface under the cumulative ranking curve of 0.9 for each). Single-balloon catheter (surface under the cumulative ranking curve of 0.8) and double-balloon catheter (surface under the cumulative ranking curve of 0.9) were the most effective in reducing the odds of operative vaginal delivery and hyperstimulation. Buccal or sublingual misoprostol (surface under the cumulative ranking curve of 0.9) and the combination of single-balloon catheter and misoprostol (surface under the cumulative ranking curve of 0.9) most effectively reduced the odds of abnormal Apgar scores and neonatal intensive care unit admissions. Conclusion: The combination of a single-balloon catheter with misoprostol was the most effective method in reducing the odds for cesarean delivery and prolonged time to vaginal delivery. This method was associated with a reduction in admissions to the neonatal intensive care unit. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Cardiovascular Disease and Risk Factors in Individuals With a History of Out-of-home Care; BACKGROUND: Exposure to childhood out-of-home care (foster family and residential care) is associated with an increased risk of ill-health and disability in adulthood, but the risk for cardiovascular disease has not previously been studied longitudinally. METHODS: This was a national cohort study generated from linkage of a range of population-based registers, resulting in a national cohort of 881 731 of whom 26 310 (3.0%) had a history of out-of-home care. The study population, born 1972 to 1981, was followed from age 18 to age 39 to 48 years for hospitalizations and death. RESULTS: After adjusting for year of birth and maternal education, individuals with a history of childhood out-of-home-care experienced a doubling of the risk for coronary disease (hazard ratio; 95% confidence interval: 2.05; 1.74–2.41) and stroke (hazard ratio 1.85; 1.59–2.15), compared with the general population, with similar estimates for men and women. Women with a history of out-of-home care had a more than doubled risk for cigarette smoking in early pregnancy, with a relative risk of 2.26; (2.18–2.34) and a moderately increased risk for gestational diabetes relative risk 1.49 (1.19–1.86). There was marked attenuation (40% to 90%) in effect estimates for disease and risk factors after further control for cohort members educational achievement at age 15–16 years. CONCLUSIONS: A history of childhood out-of-home care was associated with a doubled risk of early cardiovascular disease events. Cigarette smoking and educational underachievement were the main identified risk factors. © 2024 American Academy of Pediatrics. All rights reserved.
A longitudinal study on the effect of obesity upon circulating renin-angiotensin system in normal pregnancy; Background and aims: Obesity is the most common health issue in women of reproductive age, which profoundly affects maternal-fetal health. Despite progress in understanding key inflammatory and metabolic changes, the pathogenesis of the cardiovascular phenotype of obese pregnant women remains to be fully understood. This study aimed at: (i) evaluating the changes of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) throughout pregnancy in obese vs normal weight (control) women, and (ii) evaluating the presence of any associations between maternal hemodynamic status and RAS changes. Methods and results: Thirty-eight normal weight and nineteen obese pregnant women were included. Clinical assessment, blood samples and maternal hemodynamic evaluation were performed at 12, 20, 30, and 36 weeks, while ultrasound assessment was scheduled at 20, 30, and 36 weeks of gestation. Measurements of sFlt-1, PlGF, Angiotensinogen, Renin, AngII, Ang1-7, ACE and ACE2 were performed by ELISA. Our data show that normotensive obese women had lower placental blood supply, as assessed by UV-Q and UV-Q/EFW, as compared to controls, and significantly higher levels of AngII and AngII/Ang1-7 ratio, which were inversely related to placental blood supply. Conclusions: Our study shows for the first time that normotensive obese women exhibited a significant progressive increase of AngII and AngII/Ang1-7 throughout pregnancy, which were inversely related to placental blood supply as assessed by UV-Q and UV-Q/EFW. Our data shed light on the early changes in pregnant obese women and suggest that RAS dysregulation is a prerequisite rather than a consequence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and other maternal neonatal complications. © 2023 The Author(s)
Coexistence of Standard Modifiable, Other Classical, and Novel and Classical Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors in Middle Eastern Young Women; Background: The coexistence of multiple standard modifiable risk factors (SMuRFs),classical and novel risk factors (RFs) for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) is common in the Middle East (ME). There is a paucity of data on the coexistence of these RFs in ME young women. Aim: Comparing the prevalence and the statistical patterns of the SMuRFs, classical and novel RFs in target population. Methods: In this case-control (1:2) study, consecutive young women aged 18–50 years were enrolled in 12 centers (July 2021 to October 2023). Prevalence and coexistence of 19 RFs were compared between cases with ASCVD and their controls. The RFs included SMuRFs (hypertension, type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemia, and cigarette smoking), other classical RF (obesity, family history of premature ASCVD, and physical inactivity), novel RFs and social determinants of health (health insurance, place of residence, depression, and level of education). Results: The study included 627 subjects; 209 had ASCVD (median age 46 years, IQR 49–42 years) and 418 controls (median age 45 years, IQR 48–41 years). The presence of 1–2 RFs; (ASCVD: 63.2%, Control: 54.1%, p=0.037) and 3–4 RFs; (ASCVD: 27.8%, Control: 3.3%, p < 0.001) SMuRFs was more prevalent in women with ASCVD. Similarly, the presence of 4–5 RFs; (ASCVD: 40.7%, Control: 14.6%, p<0.001), and 6–7 (ASCVD: 10.5%, Control: 1%, p < 0.001). The classical RF were also significantly common in these women. The distribution of multiple novel RF was not statistically significant across both groups. Finally, regarding the socioeconomic RFs in women with ASCVDs, the presence of 1–2 RFs (ASCVD: 59.8%, Control: 76.1%, p < 0.001) was significantly less common while the presence of 3–4 RFs (ASCVD: 39.2%, Control: 21.8%, p < 0.001) was vastly more common. Conclusion: An elevated rate of coexistence of classical RF in the case group, mainly socioeconomic and SMuRFs. By managing them primary and secondary ASCVDs prevention attained. © 2024 Al-Shudifat et al.
A Randomized Trial of the Efficacy of Three Weight Loss Diet Interventions in Overweight/Obese with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Background: Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is a highly prevalent, complex, heterogeneous, polygenic endocrine disorder characterized by metabolic and reproductive dysfunction that affects 8-13% of women of reproductive age worldwide. The pathogenesis of PCOS has not been fully clarified and includes genetics, obesity, and insulin resistance (IR). Oxidative stress (OS) of PCOS is independent of obesity. It can induce IR through post-insulin receptor defects, impair glucose uptake in muscle and adipose tissue, and exacerbate IR by reducing insulin secretion from pancreatic β-cells. Objective: To investigate the effects of Calorie Restricted Diet (CRD), High Protein Diet (HPD), and High Protein and High Dietary Fiber Diet (HPD+HDF) on body composition, insulin resistance, and oxidative stress in overweight/obese PCOS patients. Methods: A total of 90 overweight/obese patients with PCOS were selected to receive an 8-week medical nutrition weight loss intervention at our First Hospital of Peking University, and we randomly divided them into the CRD group (group A), the HPD group (group B), and the HPD+HDF group (group C), with 30 patients in each group. We measured their body composition, HOMA-IR index, and oxidative stress indicators. The t-test, Mann-Whitney U test, analysis of variance (ANOVA), and Kruskal-Wallis H test were used to compare the efficacy of the three methods. Results: After eight weeks, the body weights of the three groups decreased by 6.32%, 5.70% and 7.24%, respectively, and the Visceral Fat Area (VFA) values decreased by 6.8 cm2, 13.4 cm2 and 23.45 cm2, respectively, especially in group C (p <0.05). The lean body mass (LBM), also known as the Fat-Free Mass (FFM) values of group B and group C after weight loss, were higher than that of group A (p <0.05). After weight loss, the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index and malondialdehyde (MDA) were decreased. Superoxide dismutase (SOD) was increased in all three groups (p <0.05), and the changes in SOD and MDA in group B and group C were more significant (p <0.05). HOMA-IR index positively correlated with body mass index (BMI) (r=0.195; p <0.05); MDA positively correlated with per-cent of body fat (PBF) (r=0.186; p <0.05) and HOMA-IR index (r=0.422; p <0.01); SOD positively correlated with LMI/FFMI (r=0.195; p <0.05), negatively correlated with HOMA-IR index (r=-0.433; p <0.01). Conclusion: All three diets were effective in reducing the body weight of overweight/obese patients with PCOS by more than 5% within 8 weeks and could improve both insulin resistance and oxidative stress damage. Compared with CRD, HPD and HPD+HDF diets could better retain lean body mass and significantly improve oxidative stress damage. © 2024 Bentham Science Publishers.
Birth History and Cardiovascular Disease Risk Among Youth With Significant Obesity; Children born prematurely have greater lifetime risk for hypertension. We aimed to determine (1) the association between prematurity and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors among 90 children with obesity and elevated blood pressure and (2) if dietary sodium intake modified these associations. Multivariable regression analysis explored for associations between prematurity (<37 weeks gestation; early gestational age) and low birth weight (<2.5 kg) with hypertension, left ventricular mass index (LVMI), and left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH). Effect modification by dietary sodium intake was also explored. Patients were predominately male (60%), black (78%), adolescents (13.3 years), and with substantial obesity (body mass index: 36.5 kg/m2). Early gestational age/low birth weight was not an independent predictor for hypertension, LVMI, or LVH. There was no effect modification by sodium load. Our results suggest the increased CVD risk conferred by prematurity is less significant at certain cardiometabolic profiles. Promoting heart-healthy lifestyles to prevent pediatric obesity remains of utmost importance to foster cardiovascular health. © The Author(s) 2023.
First-trimester predictive models for adverse pregnancy outcomes—a base for implementation of strategies to prevent cardiovascular disease development; Introduction: This study aimed to establish efficient, cost-effective, and early predictive models for adverse pregnancy outcomes based on the combinations of a minimum number of miRNA biomarkers, whose altered expression was observed in specific pregnancy-related complications and selected maternal clinical characteristics. Methods: This retrospective study included singleton pregnancies with gestational hypertension (GH, n = 83), preeclampsia (PE, n = 66), HELLP syndrome (n = 14), fetal growth restriction (FGR, n = 82), small for gestational age (SGA, n = 37), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM, n = 121), preterm birth in the absence of other complications (n = 106), late miscarriage (n = 34), stillbirth (n = 24), and 80 normal term pregnancies. MiRNA gene expression profiling was performed on the whole peripheral venous blood samples collected between 10 and 13 weeks of gestation using real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). Results: Most pregnancies with adverse outcomes were identified using the proposed approach (the combinations of selected miRNAs and appropriate maternal clinical characteristics) (GH, 69.88%; PE, 83.33%; HELLP, 92.86%; FGR, 73.17%; SGA, 81.08%; GDM on therapy, 89.47%; and late miscarriage, 84.85%). In the case of stillbirth, no addition of maternal clinical characteristics to the predictive model was necessary because a high detection rate was achieved by a combination of miRNA biomarkers only [91.67% cases at 10.0% false positive rate (FPR)]. Conclusion: The proposed models based on the combinations of selected cardiovascular disease-associated miRNAs and maternal clinical variables have a high predictive potential for identifying women at increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes; this can be incorporated into routine first-trimester screening programs. Preventive programs can be initiated based on these models to lower cardiovascular risk and prevent the development of metabolic/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases because timely implementation of beneficial lifestyle strategies may reverse the dysregulation of miRNAs maintaining and controlling the cardiovascular system. Copyright © 2024 Hromadnikova, Kotlabova and Krofta.
Implementing care for women with gestational diabetes after delivery—the challenges ahead; Gestational diabetes (GDM), defined as glucose intolerance during pregnancy, affects one in six pregnancies globally and significantly increases a woman’s lifetime risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Being a relatively young group, women with GDM are also at higher risk of developing diabetes related complications (e.g., cardiovascular disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease) later in life. Children of women with GDM are also likely to develop GDM and this perpetuates a cycle of diabetes, escalating our current pandemic of metabolic disease. The global prevalence of GDM has now risen by more than 30% over the last two decades, making it an emerging public health concern. Antepartum management of maternal glucose is unable to fully mitigate the associated lifetime cardiometabolic risk. Thus, efforts may need to focus on improving care for women with GDM during the postpartum period where prevention or therapeutic strategies could be implemented to attenuate progression of GDM to DM and its associated vascular complications. However, strategies to provide care for women in the postpartum period often showed disappointing results. This has led to a missed opportunity to halt the progression of impaired glucose tolerance/impaired fasting glucose to DM in women with GDM. In this review, we examined the challenges in the management of women with GDM after delivery and considered how each of these challenges are defined and could present as a gap in translating evidence to clinical care. We highlighted challenges related to postpartum surveillance, postpartum glucose testing strategies, postpartum risk factor modification, and problems encountered in engagement of patients/providers to implement interventions strategies in women with GDM after delivery. We reasoned that a multisystem approach is needed to address these challenges and to retard progression to DM and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women with GDM pregnancies. This is very much needed to pave way for an improved, precise, culturally sensitive and wholistic care for women with GDM. 2024 Eng, Teo, Yew and Khoo.
Microvascular dysfunction in women with a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: A population-based retrospective cohort study; Objective: To evaluate microvascular function in women with previous hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). Design: Retrospective population-based cohort study. Setting: Linköping, Sweden. Population: Women aged 50–65 years, participating in the Swedish CArdioPulmonary bioImage Study (SCAPIS) at one site (Linköping) 2016–18, who underwent microcirculatory assessment (N = 1222). Methods: Forearm skin comprehensive microcirculatory assessment was performed with a PeriFlux PF6000 EPOS (Enhanced Perfusion and Oxygen Saturation) system measuring oxygen saturation and total speed resolved perfusion. Obstetric records were reviewed to identify women with previous HDP. Data on cardiovascular risk factors, comorbidities, medication, lifestyle, anthropometric data, and biochemical analyses were obtained from SCAPIS. The microcirculatory data were compared between women with and without previous HDP. Main outcome measures: Skin microcirculatory oxygen saturation and total speed resolved perfusion at baseline and post-ischaemic peak. Results: Women with previous pre-eclampsia displayed impaired post-ischaemic peak oxygen saturation compared with women with normotensive pregnancies (88%, interquartile range [IQR] 84–89% vs 91%, IQR 87–94%, p = 0.001) 6–30 years after pregnancy. The difference remained after multivariable adjustment (β −2.69, 95% CI −4.93 to −0.45). Conclusions: The findings reveal microvascular dysfunction at long-term follow up in women with previous pre-eclampsia and strengthen the possible role of endothelial dysfunction as a link to the increased risk of cardiovascular disease in women with HDP. © 2023 The Authors. BJOG: An International Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Opportunities in the Postpartum Period to Reduce Cardiovascular Disease Risk after Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes: A Scientific Statement from the American Heart Association; Adverse pregnancy outcomes are common among pregnant individuals and are associated with long-term risk of cardiovascular disease. Individuals with adverse pregnancy outcomes also have an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease risk factors after delivery. Despite this, evidence-based approaches to managing these patients after pregnancy to reduce cardiovascular disease risk are lacking. In this scientific statement, we review the current evidence on interpregnancy and postpartum preventive strategies, blood pressure management, and lifestyle interventions for optimizing cardiovascular disease using the American Heart Association Life's Essential 8 framework. Clinical, health system, and community-level interventions can be used to engage postpartum individuals and to reach populations who experience the highest burden of adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease. Future trials are needed to improve screening of subclinical cardiovascular disease in individuals with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes, before the onset of symptomatic disease. Interventions in the fourth trimester, defined as the 12 weeks after delivery, have great potential to improve cardiovascular health across the life course. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
SARS-CoV-2 anti-RBD and anti-N protein responses are differentially regulated between mother-child pairs: insight from a national study cohort at the Faroe Islands; Background: Knowledge about SARS-CoV-2 antibody dynamics in neonates and direct comparisons with maternal antibody responses are not well established. This study aimed to characterize and directly compare the maternal and infant antibody response in a national birth cohort from the Faroe Islands. Methods: The levels of immunoglobulins (Ig) targeting the receptor binding domain (RBD) of the spike protein and the nucleocapsid protein (N protein) of SARS-CoV-2 were investigated in maternal blood and umbilical cord blood from neonates. The study included 537 neonates and 565 mothers from the Faroe Islands, and follow-up samples were collected 12 months after birth. Multiple linear regression models were used to assess associations of maternal parameters with maternal and neonatal Ig levels and pregnancy outcomes. Results: The finding showed that neonates acquired varying levels of SARS-CoV-2 antibodies through transplacental transfer, and the levels were significantly influenced by the mother’s vaccination and infection status. The study also found that maternal vaccination and the presence of SARS-CoV-2 antibodies targeting spike RBD were associated with gestational age and APGAR scores. Furthermore, the anti-RBD and -N protein-specific antibody response dynamics during 12 months after birth exhibited differences between mothers and children. RBD and N protein responses were maintained at follow-up in the mother’s cohort, while only the N protein response was maintained at follow-up in the children’s cohort. Conclusion: In conclusion, SARS-CoV-2-specific immune responses in newborns rely on maternal immunity, while the persistence of SARS-CoV-2-specific Igs appears to be differently regulated between mothers and children. The study provides new insights into the dynamics of SARS-CoV-2-specific immune responses in newborns and underscores the nuanced relationship between maternal factors and neonatal humoral responses. Copyright © 2024 Jarlhelt, Hansen, Pérez-Alós, Weihe, Petersen and Garred.
Low indoleamine 2, 3 dioxygenase (IDO) activity is associated with psycho-obstetric risk; Objectives: Preeclampsia and depression in pregnancy are among the most prevalent obstetric disorders with no known cures. While depression and preeclampsia each increase risk for the other, shared mechansisms are unclear. One possibility is low levels of Indoleamine 2,3 dioxygenase (IDO), which links immune dysregulation and oxidative arterial damage resulting in poor vascular function in both preeclampsia and depression. We hypothesized low circulating IDO activity levels in pregnancy would correspond to poor vascular function and depression symptoms. Study design: In this nested case-control study, clinical, demographic, and biologic data from a cohort of pregnant women recruited to longitudinal studies measuring noninvasive vascular function and circulating factors were analyzed. Main outcome measure: IDO activity across all three trimesters of pregnancy was measured using a colorimetric assay. Carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV), a measure of arterial stiffness, was also assessed throughout gestation by non-invasive applanation tonometry. Depression symptoms were assessed in pregnancy via the validated patient health questionnaire 9 (PHQ9). Results: Participants with low second and third trimester IDO activity had significantly decreased cfPWV. This association remained statistically significant when controlled for confounders such as BMI and chronic hypertension in the third but not second trimester. While PHQ9 scores were not associated with cfPWV differences, IDO activity was lower in moderate and severely depressed relative to non-depressed pregnant individuals. Conclusion: These results implicate IDO in arterial stiffness and depression symptoms, suggesting that decreased IDO may be a central target for improved psycho-obstetric health. © 2023 International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy
Postnatal Care: A Comparative Review of Guidelines; Importance Postnatal care refers to the ongoing health care provision of both the mother and her offspring and contributes to the timely identification and effective management of complications in the postpartum period, to secure maternal and infant short- and long-term well-being. Objective The aim of this study was to review and compare the most recently published influential guidelines on postnatal care practices. Evidence Acquisition A comparative review of guidelines from the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the World Health Organization, the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence, and the Public Health Agency of Canada regarding postnatal care was conducted. Results There is a consensus among the reviewed guidelines regarding the importance of health care provision in the postpartum period, including home visits and midwifery services, the use of telemedicine for the facilitation of communication with the patient, and the appropriate preparation for discharge, as well as the discharge criteria. All medical societies also agree on the clinical aspects that should be evaluated at each postnatal visit, although discrepancies exist with regard to the contact schedule. In addition, there is consistency regarding the management of postpartum infections, perineal pain, fecal and urinary incontinence, and physical activity guidance. Mental health issues should be addressed at each postnatal visit, according to all guidelines, but there is disagreement regarding routine screening for depression. As for the optimal interpregnancy interval, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommends avoiding pregnancy for at least 6 months postpartum, whereas the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence recommends a 12-month interval. There is no common pathway regarding the recommended contraceptive methods, the nutrition guidance, and the postpartum management of pregnancy complications. Of note, the World Health Organization alone provides recommendations concerning the prevention of specific infections during the postnatal period. Conclusions Postnatal care remains a relatively underserved aspect of maternity care, although the puerperium is a critical period for the establishment of motherhood and the transition to primary care. Thus, the development of consistent international protocols for the optimal care and support of women during the postnatal period seems of insurmountable importance to safely guide clinical practice and subsequently reduce maternal and neonatal morbidity. Target Audience Obstetricians and gynecologists, family physicians Learning Objectives After participating in this activity, the learner should be better able to describe all the aspects of postnatal care; explain the appropriate clinical evaluation plan during the postnatal period; and assess the available postpartum care promotion techniques. © Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Gestational diabetes in mice induces hematopoietic memory that affects the long-term health of the offspring; Gestational diabetes is a common medical complication of pregnancy that is associated with adverse perinatal outcomes and an increased risk of metabolic diseases and atherosclerosis in adult offspring. The mechanisms responsible for this delayed pathological transmission remain unknown. In mouse models, we found that the development of atherosclerosis in adult offspring born to diabetic pregnancy can be in part linked to hematopoietic alterations. Although they do not show any gross metabolic disruptions, the adult offspring maintain hematopoietic features associated with diabetes, indicating the acquisition of a lasting diabetic hematopoietic memory. We show that the induction of this hematopoietic memory during gestation relies on the activity of the advanced glycation end product receptor (AGER) and the nucleotide binding and oligomerization domain-like receptor family pyrin domain-containing 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome, which lead to increased placental inflammation. In adult offspring, we find that this memory is associated with DNA methyltransferase 1 (DNMT1) upregulation and epigenetic changes in hematopoietic progenitors. Together, our results demonstrate that the hematopoietic system can acquire a lasting memory of gestational diabetes and that this memory constitutes a pathway connecting gestational health to adult pathologies. © 2024, Govindarajah et al.
Double Balloon Combined with Oxytocin in Labor Induction: Analysis of Multivariate Factors Affecting the Efficacy of Cervical Ripening; Objective: Labor induction during the late trimester of pregnancy is a common option of terminating pregnancy by inducing uterine contractions through medication or cervical mechanical dilation. However, there are few researches on the factors influencing the effectiveness of cervical ripening balloon combined with oxytocin in inducing labor. To explore factors affecting the efficacy of cervical ripening double balloon combined with oxytocin in labor induction. Methods: Using a convenient sampling method, this study retrospectively collected the clinical data of 230 pregnant women who underwent cervical ripening double balloon combined with oxytocin for labor induction in our hospital from September 2021 to August 2022. The included subjects were divided into a vaginal delivery group (n = 180) and a cesarean section group (n = 50) based on the delivery mode for comparing relevant indicators between the two groups. Results: The presence of acute chorioamnionitis (OR = 1.456, 95% CI: 1.257–2.112), fetal distress (OR = 1.371, 95% CI: 1.331– 2.633), and the placement of cervical ripening balloon catheter for >12h (OR = 1.563, 95% CI: 1.231–3.263) were risk factors for successful application of cervical ripening double balloon combined with oxytocin for labor induction in pregnant women; while multi-gravidity (OR = 0.736, 95% CI: 0.455–0.875) was a protective factor. In addition, evaluation of the predictive value revealed that acute chorioamnionitis, fetal distress, the placement of cervical ripening balloon catheter for >12h, and gravidity all had certain predictive value for the failure of cervical ripening double balloon combined with oxytocin for labor induction, with the highest predictive value found through joint predictive (AUC: 0.931, 95% CI: 0.714–0.811). Conclusion: Cervical ripening double balloon combined with oxytocin for labor induction may have a high success rate in multigravida. Acute chorioamnionitis, fetal distress, and prolonged placement of the balloon may have a negative impact on the success rate of cervical ripening double balloon combined with oxytocin for labor induction. © 2024 Wu et al.
Adverse effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal monocytes revealed by single-cell RNA sequencing; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the most prevalent metabolic disorder during pregnancy, has long-term risks of metabolic diseases in offspring. However, the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Here, we analyzed single-cell transcriptional data of cord blood mononuclear cells (CBMCs) from fetuses of healthy and GDM mothers, peripheral blood mononuclear cells from children and adolescents, and coronary plaques myeloid cells from atherosclerosis. Our results demonstrated that monocytes in cord blood were characterized with down-regulated proinflammatory-related pathways and up-regulated proliferation-related pathways. And monocytes in cord blood from GDM mothers were featured with expanded CXCL8+IL1B+ subclusters, enhanced crosstalk with neutrophil granulocytes and augmented adhesive and phagocytic abilities. Interestingly, CXCL8+IL1B+ monocytes influenced by GDM had transcriptome similarity with those of coronary plaques myeloid cells from individuals with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Collectively, our data reveal adverse impact of maternal GDM environment on fetal monocytes and propose potential mechanisms between maternal GDM and offspring atherosclerosis. © 2023 The Authors
Women's Knowledge of Future Cardiovascular Risk Associated With Complications of Pregnancy: A Systematic Review; Background: Several common pregnancy conditions significantly increase a woman's risk of future cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Patient education and interventions aimed at awareness and self-management of cardiovascular risk factors may help modify future cardiovascular risk. The aim of this systematic review was to examine education interventions for cardiovascular risk after pregnancy, clinical measures/scales, and knowledge outcomes in published qualitative and quantitative studies. Methods: Five databases were searched (from inception to June 2023). Studies including interventions and validated and nonvalidated measures of awareness/knowledge of future cardiovascular risk among women after complications of pregnancy were considered. Quality was rated using the Mixed Methods Appraisal Tool. Results were analyzed using the Synthesis Without Meta-analysis reporting guideline. Characteristics of interventions were reported using the Template for Intervention Description and Replication. Fifteen studies were included; 3 were randomized controlled trials. Results: In total, 1623 women had a recent or past diagnosis of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, and/or premature birth. Of the 7 studies that used online surveys or questionnaires, 2 reported assessing psychometric properties of tools. Four studies used diverse educational interventions (pamphlets, information sheets, in-person group sessions, and an online platform with health coaching). Overall, women had a low level of knowledge about their future CVD risk. Interventions were effective in increasing this knowledge. Conclusions: In conclusion, women have a low level of knowledge of risk of CVD after pregnancy complications. To increase this level of knowledge and self-management, this population has a strong need for psychometrically validated tailored education interventions. © 2023 The Authors
Real-world evaluation of care for type 2 diabetes in Malaysia: A cross-sectional analysis of the treatment adherence to guideline evaluation in type 2 diabetes (TARGET-T2D) study; Aim Given a lack of data on diabetes care performance in Malaysia, we conducted a cross-sectional study to understand the clinical characteristics, control of cardiometabolic risk factors, and patterns of use of guideline-directed medical therapy (GDMT) among patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D), who were managed at publicly-funded hospitals between December 2021 and June 2022. Methods Patients aged ≥18 years with T2D from eight publicly-funded hospitals in the Greater Kuala Lumpur region, who had ≥2 outpatient visits within the preceding year and irrespective of treatment regimen, were eligible. The primary outcome was ≥2 treatment target attainment (defined as either HbA1c <7.0%, blood pressure [BP] <130/80 mmHg, or low-density lipoprotein cholesterol [LDL-C] <1.8 mmol/L). The secondary outcomes were the individual treatment target, a combination of all three treatment targets, and patterns of GDMT use. To assess for potential heterogeneity of study findings, all outcomes were stratified according to prespecified baseline characteristics namely 1) history of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD; yes/no) and 2) clinic type (Diabetes specialist versus General medicine). Results Among 5094 patients (mean±SD age 59.0±13.2 years; T2D duration 14.8±9.2 years; HbA1c 8.2±1.9% (66±21 mmol/mol); BMI 29.6±6.2 kg/m2; 45.6% men), 99% were at high/very high cardiorenal risk. Attainment of ≥2 treatment targets was at 18%, being higher in General medicine than in Diabetes specialist clinics (20.8% versus 17.5%; p = 0.039). The overall statin coverage was 90%. More patients with prior ASCVD attained LDL-C <1.4 mmol/L than those without (13.5% versus 8.4%; p<0.001). Use of sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 (SGLT2) inhibitors (13.2% versus 43.2%), glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP1-RAs) (1.0% versus 6.2%), and insulin (27.7% versus 58.1%) were lower in General medicine than in Diabetes specialist clinics. Conclusions Among high-risk patients with T2D, treatment target attainment and use of GDMT were suboptimal. © 2024 Lim et al.
Fetal Arrhythmia Leading to a Diagnosis of Congenital Long QT Syndrome Type II; We describe the case of an asymptomatic young pregnant woman with a diagnosis of congenital long QT syndrome type II in the context of in utero fetal 2:1 heart block and ventricular tachycardia. The presentation, clinical considerations, and management of the mother and baby in the antepartum and postpartum periods are discussed. © 2024
Comparison of efficacy and safety of three different concentrations of ropivacaine for labor pain management using patient-controlled epidural analgesia (PCEA): A double-blind, randomized controlled trial; Background and Aims: Labor pain is consistently ranked high on the various pain rating scales, when compared to other painful life experiences, and the experience of labor during the process of childbirth is both complex and subjective. Though patient-controlled epidural analgesia (PCEA) using dilute concentrations of local anesthetics (LAs) has been a popular method to control labor pain, yet the optimal dose and regimen for PCEA remain ambiguous. So, the present study was undertaken to evaluate the safety and efficacy of three different concentrations of ropivacaine for labor analgesia using PCEA. Materials and Methods: Seventy-five healthy nulliparous women who gave voluntary consent for labor analgesia using PCEA were randomly assigned to three groups to receive three different ropivacaine concentrations (0.0625%, 0.1%, and 0.125%) with adjuvant fentanyl 2 μg/ml, after double-blinding. Analgesic efficacy, neuraxial blockade, vital parameters, neonatal outcomes, maternal satisfaction, and side effects were assessed. Primary outcome was total dose of ropivacaine consumed in milligrams. Results: Number of pain breakthroughs (Visual Analog Score >4) and PCEA demand and rescue boluses were found to be statistically more in group 0.0625% (P < 0.01), followed by group 0.1% and were the least in 0.125%. Still, total drug consumed in milligrams was significantly less in 0.0625% group. Maternal satisfaction was comparable among the three groups (P = 0.33). There was no significant difference in maternal side effects and neonatal APGAR scores among the three groups. Conclusion: When three different concentrations of ropivacaine, that is, 0.0625%, 0.1%, and 0.125%, are used for labor analgesia, the use of 0.125% ropivacaine leads to higher total amount of ropivacaine consumed. Despite the lower efficacy in terms of breakthrough pain episodes observed with a 0.0625% ropivacaine concentration for labor analgesia, maternal satisfaction remained consistent across all three doses of ropivacaine. PCEA demand and rescue boluses for the lowest concentration, that is, 0.0625%; and did not affect maternal satisfaction with the management of labor pain. © 2024 Journal of Anaesthesiology Clinical Pharmacology.
Prevalence of Dyslipidemia in Pregnancy and Early Predictive Value of Blood Lipid Levels; Background Elevated dyslipidemia during pregnancy can adversely affect maternal and child health. It not only increases the risk of preeclampsia,gestational diabetes mellitus(GDM),hypertriglyceridemic pancreatitis, late abortion,premature delivery and macrosomia,but also significantly increases the risk of postnatal cardiovascular disease. Objective To analyze the distributional characteristics of dyslipidemia in the first,second and third trimesters of pregnancy and the predictive value of early lipid levels for dyslipidemia in the second and third trimesters of pregnancy. Methods This was a single-center retrospective study,which included singleton pregnant women who were enrolled in Beijing Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital,Capital Medical University from January 2018 to June 2019 for obstetrics checkups until delivery. Clinical data and lipid data[total cholesterol(TC),triacylglycerol(TG),low-density lipoprotein cholesterol(LDL-C),and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol(HDL-C)]were collected in the first,second and third trimesters of pregnancy. The reference range of lipids in department of obstetrics,Beijing Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital,Capital Medical University was used as the diagnostic standard for dyslipidemia,including high total cholesterolemia,high triacylglycerolemia,low HDL-cholesterolemia and high LDL-cholesterolemia. The correlation between lipid levels in the first trimester of pregnancy and dyslipidemia in the second and third trimesters of pregnancy was analyzed by using binary Logistic regression,and the receiver operating characteristics(ROC)curves of the subjects were plotted to obtain the area under ROC curve(AUC),to evaluate the predictive value of the lipid levels in the first trimester of pregnancy for dyslipidemia in the second and third trimesters of pregnancy,and to determine the optimal cut-off value according to the sensitivity and specificity. Results A total of 8 511 singleton pregnant women were included in the study,with an average age of(31.7±3.9)years and an average pre-pregnancy BMI of(21.7±3.2)kg/m2. Among them,988(11.6%)were of low pre-pregnancy body mass,5 568(65.4%)were of normal pre-pregnancy body mass,1 271(14.9%)were overweight,366(4.3%)were obese,1 415(16.7%)were with GDM,and 650(7.6%)were with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy(HDP). The levels of TC,TG and LDL-C in the second and third trimesters of pregnancy were higher than those in the first trimester of pregnancy(P<0.05). The level of HDL-C in the third trimester of pregnancy was higher than that in the first trimester of pregnancy,but lower than that in the second trimester of pregnancy(P<0.05). The prevalence of dyslipidemia in the first trimester of pregnancy was 23.4%(1 990/8 511), and the prevalence of dyslipidemia in the second and third trimesters of pregnancy was lower than that in the first trimester of pregnancy(P<0.05). The prevalence of dyslipidemia in overweight and obese pregnant women in the first trimester of pregnancy was higher than that in pregnant women with normal pre-pregnancy body mass,but there was no statistical difference in the prevalence of dyslipidemia in the third trimester of pregnancy(P>0.05). The prevalence of dyslipidemia in first and second trimesters of pregnancy in the GDM group was higher than that in the non-GDM group,and the prevalence of dyslipidemia in first,second and third trimesters of pregnancy in HDP group was higher than the non-HDP group(P<0.05). After excluding pregnancy comorbidities and complications that may affect blood lipids,the optimal cut-off values for predicting dyslipidemia in the second trimester of pregnancy were TC of 4.485 mmol/L(AUC=0.854),TG of 1.325 mmo/L(AUC=0.864),HDL-C of 1.275 mmol/L(AUC=0.908),and LDL-C of 2.265 mmol/L(AUC=0.823),respectively;the optimal cut-off values for predicting dyslipidemia in the third trimester of pregnancy were TC of 4.485 mmol/L(AUC=0.809),TG of 1.145 mmol/L (AUC=0.833),HDL-C of 1.285 mmol/L(AUC=0.851),LDL-C of 2.195 mmol/L(AUC=0.766). Conclusion The prevalence of dyslipidemia did not increase during pregnancy. There were significant differences in the prevalence of dyslipidemia during pregnancy among pregnant women with different pre-pregnancy BMI,between GDM and non-GDM pregnant women, between HDP and non-HDP pregnant women,respectively. The blood lipid level in the first trimester was helpful to predict the occurrence of dyslipidemia in the second and third trimesters of pregnancy. © Chinese General Practice Publishing House Co.,Ltd.
Combined Impact of Migraine and Pregnancy-Induced Hypertension on Long-term Risk of Premature Myocardial Infarction and Stroke; Background and ObjectivesMigraine and pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) are known to increase cardiovascular risk on their own. However, evidence is limited on the combined impact of migraine and PIH on risk of cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to examine the combined impact of migraine and PIH on risk of premature (age 60 years and younger) major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCE), a composite end point consisting of myocardial infarction, stroke, or death due to one of these diseases.MethodsWe conducted a population-based cohort study in Denmark (1996-2018) among women who had delivered at least one child. This population was stratified into 4 cohorts: women with neither migraine nor PIH, women with migraine, women with PIH, and women with both migraine and PIH. As a measure of absolute risk, we computed the 20-year cumulative incidence of premature MACCE, treating death by other causes than myocardial infarction and stroke as a competing risk. We used Cox regression to compute 20-year adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) of premature MACCE. Women with neither migraine nor PIH served as the comparison cohort.ResultsThe 20-year absolute risk of premature MACCE was 1.3% (95% CI 1.2%; 1.3%) for women without migraine and without PIH (n = 1,288,541), 2.2% (95% CI 2.0%; 2.4%) for women with migraine (n = 54,827), 2.8% (95% CI 2.6%; 3.1%) for women with PIH (n = 49,008), and 3.1% (95% CI 2.1%; 4.4%) for women with both migraine and PIH (n = 3,140). The adjusted HR of premature MACCE was 1.66 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.50-1.84) for women with migraine, 2.76 (95% CI 2.52-3.03) for women with PIH, and 2.41 (95% CI 1.61-3.61) for women with both migraine and PIH.DiscussionMigraine and PIH separately increased the risk of premature MACCE. The risk of premature MACCE among women who had both migraine and PIH was similar to that among women with PIH only.  © American Academy of Neurology.
Risk factors characterisation for CHD: a case-control study in Bogota and Cali, Colombia, 2002-2020; Objective: CHDs correspond to 28% of all congenital anomalies, being the leading cause of infant mortality in the first year of life. Thus, it is essential to explore risk factors for CHDs presentation, allowing the detection of probable cases within a population. Methods: We identified newborns with CHDs within a cohort from the Program for the Prevention and Monitoring of Congenital Defects in Bogota and Cali, 2002-2020. Cases were classified as isolated, complex isolated, polymalformed, and syndromic. Variables were analysed by comparing case and control averages with Student's t test using a 95% confidence level. Results: Prevalence obtained was 19.36 per 10 000 live births; non-specified CHD, ventricular septal defect, and atrial septal defect were the most prevalent. As risk factors were found: paternal and maternal age above 45 years, pregestational diabetes, mother's body mass index above 25, low educational level, and socio-economic status. As protective factors: folic acid consumption within the first trimester and pregestational period. Conclusion: Different risk and protective factors associated with the presentation of CHDs have been described. We consider that public health strategies should be aimed to reduce risk factors exposure. Also, improving diagnosis and prognosis by having a close monitoring on high-risk patients. © The Author(s), 2023. Published by Cambridge University Press.
Effects of multidimensional exercise management on self-efficacy, blood glucose control, and delivery outcomes in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: This study aimed to evaluate the effects of multidimensional quantitative exercise management on self-efficacy, blood glucose control, and delivery outcomes in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: A randomized controlled trial was conducted with 150 pregnant women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Participants were randomly assigned to either the experimental group (Exp), which received a multidimensional quantitative exercise management intervention, or the control group (Con), which received standard GDM management. Results were compared between the groups included self-efficacy scores, blood glucose levels, and delivery outcomes. Results: Exp group of pregnant women exhibited drastically superior self-efficacy scores as well as more stable blood glucose levels during pregnancy relative to Con group (P < 0.05). Moreover, visual analogue scale (VAS) of pregnant women and Apgar scores of infants in Exp group were considerably better than those in Con group (P < 0.05). In contrast to Con group, pregnant women in Exp group had considerably better labor outcomes along neonatal complication rates (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Multidimensional quantitative exercise management had a positive impact on pregnant women with GDM. This intervention method can improve self-efficacy levels along better blood glucose control, and enhance delivery outcomes. These findings suggested that multidimensional quantitative exercise management has potential clinical value in the management of GDM, providing an effective management strategy to improve the health conditions of both pregnant women and infants. Copyright © 2024 He, Liu and Yang.
Preferred lifestyle intervention characteristics and behaviour change needs of postpartum women following cardiometabolic pregnancy complications; Background: Women with cardiometabolic pregnancy complications are at increased risk of future diabetes and heart disease which can be reduced through lifestyle management postpartum. Objectives: This study aimed to explore preferred intervention characteristics and behaviour change needs of women with or without prior cardiometabolic pregnancy complications for engaging in postpartum lifestyle interventions. Design: Quantitative cross-sectional study. Methods: Online survey. Results: Overall, 473 women were included, 207 (gestational diabetes (n = 105), gestational hypertension (n = 39), preeclampsia (n = 35), preterm birth (n = 65) and small for gestational age (n = 23)) with and 266 without prior cardiometabolic pregnancy complications. Women with and without complications had similar intervention preferences, with delivery ideally by a healthcare professional with expertise in women’s health, occurring during maternal child health nurse visits or online, commencing 7 weeks to 3 months post birth, with 15- to 30-min monthly sessions, lasting 1 year and including monitoring of progress and social support. Women with prior complications preferred intervention content on women’s health, mental health, exercise, mother’s diet and their children’s health and needed to know more about how to change behaviour, have more time to do it and feel they want to do it enough to participate. There were significant differences between groups, with more women with prior cardiometabolic pregnancy complications wanting content on women’s health (87.9% vs 80.8%, p = 0.037), mother’s diet (72.5% vs 60.5%, p = 0.007), preventing diabetes or heart disease (43.5% vs 27.4%, p < 0.001) and exercise after birth (78.3% vs 68.0%, p = 0.014), having someone to monitor their progress (69.6% vs 58.6%, p = 0.014), needing the necessary materials (47.3% vs 37.6%, p = 0.033), triggers to prompt them (44.0% vs 31.6%, p = 0.006) and feeling they want to do it enough (73.4%, 63.2%, p = 0.018). Conclusion: These unique preferences should be considered in future postpartum lifestyle interventions to enhance engagement, improve health and reduce risk of future cardiometabolic disease in these high-risk women. © The Author(s) 2024.
Associations between first-trimester screening biomarkers and maternal characteristics with gestational diabetes mellitus in Chinese women; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can result in adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Predicting those at high risk of GDM and early interventions can reduce the development of GDM. The aim of this study was to examine the associations between first-trimester prenatal screening biomarkers and maternal characteristics in relation to GDM in Chinese women. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of singleton pregnant women who received first-trimester aneuploidy and preeclampsia screening between January 2019 and May 2021. First-trimester prenatal screening biomarkers, including pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A), free beta-human chorionic gonadotropin, and placental growth factor (PLGF), along with maternal characteristics, were collected for analysis in relation to GDM. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve and logistic regression analyses were used to evaluate variables associated with GDM. Results: Of the 1452 pregnant women enrolled, 96 developed GDM. PAPP-A (5.01 vs. 5.73 IU/L, P < 0.001) and PLGF (39.88 vs. 41.81 pg/mL, P = 0.044) were significantly lower in the GDM group than in the non-GDM group. The area under the ROC curve of combined maternal characteristics and biomarkers was 0.73 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.68–0.79, P < 0.001). The formula for predicting GDM was as follows: P = 1/[1 + exp (-8.148 + 0.057 x age + 0.011 x pregestational body mass index + 1.752 x previous GDM history + 0.95 x previous preeclampsia history + 0.756 x family history of diabetes + 0.025 x chronic hypertension + 0.036 x mean arterial pressure - 0.09 x PAPP-A - 0.001 x PLGF)]. Logistic regression analysis revealed that higher pregestational body mass index (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.03, 95% CI 1.01 - 1.06, P = 0.012), previous GDM history (aOR 9.97, 95% CI 3.92 - 25.37, P < 0.001), family history of diabetes (aOR 2.36, 95% CI 1.39 - 4.02, P = 0.001), higher mean arterial pressure (aOR 1.17, 95% CI 1.07 - 1.27, P < 0.001), and lower PAPP-A level (aOR 0.91, 95% CI 0.83 - 1.00, P = 0.040) were independently associated with the development of GDM. The Hosmer-Lemeshow test demonstrated that the model exhibited an excellent discrimination ability (chi-square = 3.089, df = 8, P = 0.929). Conclusion: Downregulation of first-trimester PAPP-A and PLGF was associated with the development of GDM. Combining first-trimester biomarkers with maternal characteristics could be valuable for predicting the risk of GDM. Copyright © 2024 Lu, Chen, Sun, Chen, Wang and Chen.
Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Prenatal Risk Factors for Congenital Heart Disease: Maternal Chronic Diseases and Parental Exposures; Background: There is considerable heterogeneity in studies on prenatal risk factors for congenital heart diseases (CHDs). We performed a meta-analysis of all nongenetic factors of CHDs. This report presents results of factors related to maternal chronic diseases and parental exposures. Methods: A systematic search encompassing concepts of CHD and risk factors was used, using the following inclusion criteria: (1) original peer-reviewed articles, (2) quantifying the effects of risk factors for CHDs, (3) between 1989 and 2022. Pooled odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated using a random-effect model. Results: Inclusion criteria were met for 170 studies. There was an association between being overweight or obese and CHDs (OR, 1.26; 95% CI, 1.15-1.37), with a dose-effect relationship. Pregestational diabetes (PGDM) was associated with CHDs (OR, 3.51; 95% CI, 2.86-4.3), without difference between type 1 and type 2 PGDM. The effect size of gestational diabetes was less than that of PGDM (OR, 1.38; 95% CI, 1.18-1.61). There was an association between CHDs and pre-eclampsia (OR, 2.01; 95% CI, 1.32-3.05), paternal smoking (OR, 1.32; 95% CI, 1.03-1.70), and alcohol use (OR, 1.50; 95% CI, 1.08-2.08). A smaller association was found with maternal smoking and advanced maternal age. Conclusions: There exists robust evidence for increased risk of CHD in the presence of obesity, maternal diabetes, maternal smoking, and increased maternal age. The effect sizes were relatively modest, except for PGDM. The robustness of the evidence decreased when CHDs were divided into subgroups or when the analyses were restricted to severe CHDs. © 2024 The Authors
The role of pyroptosis in the occurrence and development of pregnancy-related diseases; Pyroptosis is a form of programmed cell death that is crucial in the development of various diseases, including autoimmune diseases, atherosclerotic diseases, cancer, and pregnancy complications. In recent years, it has gained significant attention in national and international research due to its association with inflammatory immune overactivation and its involvement in pregnancy complications such as miscarriage and preeclampsia (PE). The mechanisms discussed include the canonical pyroptosis pathway of gasdermin activation and pore formation (caspase-1-dependent pyroptosis) and the non-canonical pyroptosis pathway (cysteoaspartic enzymes other than caspase-1). These pathways work on various cellular and factorial levels to influence normal pregnancy. This review aims to summarize and analyze the pyroptosis pathways associated with abnormal pregnancies and pregnancy complications. The objective is to enhance pregnancy outcomes by identifying various targets to prevent the onset of pyroptosis. Copyright © 2024 Li, Wang, Zhou, Jin, Yin and Yang.
Trajectories of cardiovascular risk predict pregnancy outcomes: The Bogalusa Heart Study and the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study; Background: Life course patterns of change in risk—trajectories—affect health. Objectives: To examine how trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors are associated with pregnancy and birth outcomes. Methods: Data from two cohort studies participating in the International Childhood Cardiovascular Consortium—The Bogalusa Heart Study (BHS; started in 1973, N = 903 for this analysis) and the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study (YFS; started in 1980, N = 499) were used. Both followed children into adulthood and measured cardiovascular risk factors, including body mass index (BMI), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP/DBP), total, lipoprotein (LDL)- and high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and serum triglycerides. Discrete mixture modelling was used to divide each cohort into distinct trajectories according to these risk factors from childhood to early adulthood, and these groups were then used to predict pregnancy outcomes including small for gestational age (SGA; <10th study-specific percentile of gestational age by sex), preterm birth (PTB; <37 weeks' gestation), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), with control for age at baseline and at first birth, parity, socioeconomic status, BMI and smoking. Results: The models created more trajectories for BMI, SBP and HDL-cholesterol in the YFS than in BHS, for which three classes generally seemed to be sufficient to represent the groups in the population across risk factors. In BHS, the association between the higher and flatter DBP trajectory and PTB was aRR 1.77, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.06, 2.96. In BHS the association between consistent total cholesterol and PTB was aRR 2.16, 95% CI 1.22, 3.85 and in YFS the association between elevated high trajectory and PTB was aRR 3.35, 95% CI 1.28, 8.79. Elevated-increasing SBP was associated with a higher risk of GH in BHS and increasing or persistent-obese BMI trajectories were associated with GDM in both cohorts (BHS: aRR 3.51, 95% CI 1.95, 6.30; YFS: aRR 2.61, 95% CI 0.96, 7.08). Conclusions: Trajectories of cardiovascular risk, particularly those that represent a consistent or more rapid worsening of cardiovascular health, are associated with a higher risk of pregnancy complications. © 2023 The Authors. Paediatric and Perinatal Epidemiology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Comparison of two emergency cervical cerclage techniques in twin pregnancies: A retrospective cohort study matched with cervical dilation; Objectives: This retrospective cohort study aimed to assess the efficacy of emergency cervical cerclage (ECC) performed with the combined McDonald-Shirodkar technique in twin pregnancies between 18 and 26 weeks of pregnancy with painless cervical dilation 1 to 6 cm. Methods: A retrospective cohort study matched with the degree of cervical dilation was conducted. The study group (case group) included women with twin pregnancies undergoing combined McDonald-Shirodkar approach with cervical dilation ≥1 cm between 18 to 26 weeks of gestation at four institutions, from December 2015 to December 2022. To minimize confounding factors, we elucidated the causality structure using a directed acyclic graph and performed 1:1 case–control matching. A control group underwent the McDonald approach. The primary outcome was gestational age (GA) at delivery. The secondary outcomes were pregnancy latency; the rates of spontaneous preterm birth at <28, <30, <32, and <34 weeks; and neonatal outcomes. Additional subanalysis was performed by dividing the patients into two subgroups of women with cervical dilation ≥3 cm and <3 cm. Results: A total of 84 twin pregnancies were managed with either the combined McDonald-Shirodkar approach (case group: n = 42) or the McDonald approach (control group: n = 42). Demographic characteristics were not significantly different in the two groups (P > 0.05). After adjusting for confounders that were represented by a directed acyclic graph, median GA at delivery was significantly higher (30.5 vs 27 weeks; Bate: 3.40 [95% confidence interval (CI), 2.13–4.67], P < 0.001) and median pregnancy latency was significantly longer (56 vs 28 days; Bate: 24.04 [95% CI, 13.31–34.78], P < 0.001) in the case group compared with the control group. Rates of spontaneous preterm birth at <28, <30, <32, and <34 weeks were significantly lower in the case group than in the control group. For neonatal outcomes, there was higher birth weight (1543.75 vs 980 g; Bate: 420.08 [95% CI, 192.18–647.98], P < 0.001) and significantly lower overall perinatal mortality (7.1% vs 31%; adjusted odds ratio, 0.16 [95% CI, 0.04–0.70], P = 0.014) in the case group compared with the control group. When cervical dilation was ≥3 cm, the combined McDonald-Shirodkar procedure can significantly reduce perinatal mortality (8.3% vs 46.7%; adjusted odds ratio, 0.09 [95% CI, 0.01–0.77], P = 0.028), significantly decrease the risk of delivery at <28 and <30 weeks, and prolong GA at delivery and pregnancy latency compared with the McDonald procedure. Conclusions: ECC performed with the combined McDonald-Shirodkar procedure in women with twin pregnancies who have cervical dilation 1 to 6 cm in midtrimester pregnancy may reduce the rate of spontaneous preterm birth and improve perinatal and neonatal outcomes compared with the McDonald procedure, especially for twin pregnancies in women with cervical dilation of 3 to 6 cm and prolapsed membranes. © 2023 The Authors. International Journal of Gynecology & Obstetrics published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.
A review of advances in black carbon exposure assessment and health effects; Air pollution exposure is a critical risk factor for global premature mortality, with 60% of air pollution related deaths attributed to atmospheric particles. Black carbon (BC), a crucial component of atmospheric particles, is known as a contributor to climate change because of its light absorption properties. It is primarily formed from the incomplete combustion of fossil fuels and biomass, with transportation acting as a major source in urban areas. China currently faces the highest anthropogenic emissions and exposure levels of BC in the world. In recent years, BC has garnered widespread attention due to its adverse health effects and global warming potential. Recent research suggests that BC may have more significant health effects than other components in fine particles (PM2.5, particulate matter with aerodynamic diameter ≤2.5 μm) due to its unique physical and chemical properties. The large specific surface area of BC enables the absorption of toxic and hazardous substances such as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and dioxins, enhancing its redox activity and toxicity. However, the extent of the health effects of BC appears inconsistent within the literature and studies suffer from inaccurate assessment of exposure, measurement errors, and limited intervention focused studies. Given the health implications of BC and the existing knowledge gap, it is necessary to summarize previous epidemiological studies in order to advance the scientific understanding of the health implications of BC. This study reviews 37 papers published in SCI journals since 2005. Other relevant findings in Chinese and English literature are included. The objective is to present an up-to-date overview of the research on the health effects of BC by reviewing a diverse range of study designs, exposure assessment methods, and epidemiological studies conducted both domestically and internationally. The spatial and temporal variation of anthropogenic BC emissions is large because of its complicated emission sources and meteorological conditions. Current epidemiological investigations primarily employ modeling techniques such as land use regression and spatio-temporal interpolation to estimate long-term exposure levels of BC. For short-term exposure assessments, offline filter sampling and online BC monitors are frequently employed. Inaccurate assessment of exposure results in inaccuracies in current epidemiological studies. In terms of adverse health effects of BC, most studies focus on the respiratory, cardiovascular, and nervous systems. The health effects associated with BC encompass a wide range of issues, including decreased lung function, respiratory inflammation, elevated blood pressure, atherosclerosis, cognitive impairment, visual decline, as well as other adverse outcomes. Additionally, BC exposure demonstrates significant associations with increased hospital admissions, emergency department visits, and deaths related to various diseases. Recent investigations have also revealed that BC inhaled during pregnancy could cross the placental barrier, resulting in health effects such as gestational diabetes for the mother and low birthweight for the child. Studies have revealed significant associations between BC exposure and adverse health effects across the reviewed literature. While numerous epidemiological studies have been conducted with relatively consistent findings, substantial uncertainty remains regarding the health effects of BC. We advocate for a requirement of routine monitoring of atmospheric BC concentrations and an increase in intervention focused studies, not only to advance investigations into the effects of BC on health, but ultimately to facilitate the development of effective control policies. Such endeavors will provide essential evidence for more comprehensive and in-depth investigations into the dual impacts of BC on climate change and human health. © 2024 Chinese Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.
Relationship between life’s essential 8 and the risk of gestational diabetes among us adults; Objective: The purpose of this study is to explore the relationship between Life’s Essential 8 (LE8) and the risk of gestational diabetes among US adults. Method: We used National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys 2007–2018 data to perform this study. LE8 scores comprised 4 health behaviors (diet, physical activity, nicotine exposure, and sleep duration) and 4 health factors (BMI, non-high-density lipoprotein [HDL] cholesterol, blood glucose, and blood pressure). Then, LE8 were categorized into low CVH (0 to 49 scores), moderated CVH (50 to 79 scores), and high CVH (80 to 100 scores). Weighted multivariate Logistic regression analysis model were used to estimate the relationship between LE8 and gestational diabetes. Result: A total of 3,189 participants were included, and the portion of gestational diabetes was 15.33%, 11.46%, 7.71% in low CVH, moderate CVH, and high CVH, respectively. Adjustment for covariates, we found that high CVH (OR: 0.49, 95%CI: 0.29–0.83, p = 0.01) was associated with decreased of gestational diabetes, not moderate CVH (OR: 0.78, 95%CI: 0.50–1.20, p = 0.25). This inverse associations were dose-response dependent (p-nonlinear = 0.982). This inverse associations were significant in subgroup. Significant interaction between CVH and family diabetes with the risk of gestational diabetes was found (P for interaction = 0.04). High CVH (OR: 0.357, 95%CI: 0.176–0.724, p = 0.005) could significantly decrease the risk of gestational diabetes in the population with family diabetes. The results were generally robust in sensitivity analyses after excluding of ASCVD participants. Conclusion: The high CVH could decrease the risk of gestational diabetes, especially in the population of family diabetes. © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Mitochondrial-derived peptides: Antidiabetic functions and evolutionary perspectives; Mitochondrial-derived peptides (MDPs) are a novel class of bioactive microproteins encoded by short open-reading frames (sORF) in mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA). Currently, three types of MDPs have been identified: Humanin (HN), MOTS-c (Mitochondrial ORF within Twelve S rRNA type-c), and SHLP1–6 (small Humanin-like peptide, 1 to 6). The 12 S ribosomal RNA (MT-RNR1) gene harbors the sequence for MOTS-c, whereas HN and SHLP1–6 are encoded by the 16 S ribosomal RNA (MT-RNR2) gene. Special genetic codes are used in mtDNA as compared to nuclear DNA: (i) ATA and ATT are used as start codons in addition to the standard start codon ATG; (ii) AGA and AGG are used as stop codons instead of coding for arginine; (iii) the standard stop codon UGA is used to code for tryptophan. While HN, SHLP6, and MOTS-c are encoded by the H (heavy owing to high guanine + thymine base composition)-strand of the mtDNA, SHLP1–5 are encoded by the L (light owing to less guanine + thymine base composition)-strand. MDPs attenuate disease pathology including Type 1 diabetes (T1D), Type 2 diabetes (T2D), gestational diabetes, Alzheimer's disease (AD), cardiovascular diseases, prostate cancer, and macular degeneration. The current review will focus on the MDP regulation of T2D, T1D, and gestational diabetes along with an emphasis on the evolutionary pressures for conservation of the amino acid sequences of MDPs. © 2024
FETAL GROWTH RESTRICTION IN GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS: FROM PATHOGENESIS TO MANAGEMENT TACTICS; This review presents the new scientific data on the development of placenta-associated complications, in particular fetal growth restriction (FGR), in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). GDM is associated with a large number of complications for both mother and fetus. Moreover, it increases the risk of miscarriage and preterm labor, pre-eclampsia, placental abruption, HELLP syndrome, preterm rupture of membranes and cesarean section. GDM can lead to later maternal complications such as type 2 diabetes mellitus (type 2 DM) and cardiovascular diseases. In addition to unfavorable outcomes for the mother, GDM has a negative impact on the fetus: it leads to diabetic fetopathy, congenital malformations, stillbirth, respiratory/cerebral distress syndrome of the newborn, etc. Although fetal macrosomia is a widely recognized consequence of GDM, babies with FGR are also born in GDM, and such pregnancies have a higher risk of adverse outcomes. This review presents the results of studies proving the possibility of FGR development in GDM and the characteristics of its pathophysiology, data on histologic changes in the placental tissue. The paper demonstrates the significance of lipid profile disorders in pregnant women with GDM in the pathogenesis of fetal growth abnormalities and FGR development. This study examines the characteristics of the hemostasis system in cases of FGR in women with GDM, the possibilities of prenatal diagnosis, including ultrasound, and the role of biochemical markers. The modern approach to managing pregnancy and labor in women with GDM and FGR is considered. Conclusion: Further study of the pathophysiologic basis of placenta-associated complications of pregnancy, including FGR in women with GDM is necessary because it will contribute to the development of new preventive, diagnostic, and therapeutic strategies. © A group of authors, 2024.
Analysis of CTG patterns in cases with metabolic acidosis at birth with and without neonatal neurological alterations; Objective: To determine cardiotocographic patterns in newborns with metabolic acidosis, based on clinical signs of neurological alteration (NA) and the need for hypothermic treatment. Methods: All term newborns with metabolic acidosis in a single center from 2016 to 2020 were included in the study. Three segments of intrapartum CTG (cardiotocography) were considered (first 30 min of active labor, 90 to 30 min before birth, and last 30 min before delivery) and a longitudinal analysis of CTG pattern was performed according to the 2015 FIGO classification. Results: Three hundred and twenty-four neonates with metabolic acidosis diagnosed at birth were divided into three groups: the first group included all neonates with any clinical sign of neurological alteration, requiring hypothermia according to the recommendation of the Italian Society of Neonatology (group TNA—Treated neurological Alteration, n = 17), the second encompassed neonates with any clinical sign of neurological alteration not requiring hypothermia (group NTNA—Not Treated neurological Alteration, n = 83), and the third enclosed all neonates without any sign of clinical neurological involvement (group NoNA—No neurological Alteration, n = 224). The most frequent alterations of CTG in TNA group were late decelerations, reduced variability, bradycardia, and tachysystole. Unexpectedly, from the longitudinal analysis of the CTG, 49% of all cases with metabolic acidosis never showed a pathological CTG with normal trace at the beginning of labor followed by normal or suspicious trace in the final part of labor, the same as in TNA and NTNA groups (10 and 39%, respectively). Conclusions: CTG has limited specificity in identifying cases of acidosis at birth, even in babies who will develop NA. © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Evidence that systemic vascular resistance is increased before the development of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: The ophthalmic artery, which is the first branch of the internal carotid artery, has a Doppler velocity waveform with 2 systolic peaks. The ratio of the peak systolic velocity of the second wave divided by that of the first wave is used to reflect increased peripheral resistance. Previous studies in the first, second, and third trimesters of pregnancy have reported that in pregnant women who subsequently develop preeclampsia, the peak systolic velocity ratio is increased. Both preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus are associated with endothelial dysfunction and an increased risk for cardiovascular diseases during the first decade after pregnancy. Objective: This study aimed to compare the ophthalmic artery peak systolic velocity ratio at 11 to 13 weeks’ gestation of women who subsequently develop gestational diabetes mellitus with that of unaffected pregnant women and those who develop preeclampsia. Study Design: This was a prospective observational study of women who attended the King's College Hospital, London, United Kingdom, for a routine hospital visit at 11+0 to 13+6 weeks’ gestation. This visit included recording of the maternal demographic characteristics and medical history, an ultrasound examination for fetal anatomy and growth, assessment of the flow velocity waveforms from the maternal ophthalmic arteries, calculation of the peak systolic velocity ratio, and measurement of the mean arterial pressure. Linear regression was performed to predict the ophthalmic artery peak systolic velocity ratio based on maternal characteristics and the mean arterial pressure. The peak systolic velocity ratio in the group with gestational diabetes mellitus was compared with that of preeclamptic and unaffected pregnancies. Results: A total of 3999 women were included in this study, including 375 (9.8%) who developed gestational diabetes mellitus and 101 (2.5%) who developed preeclampsia. In the gestational diabetes mellitus group, 161 (43.3%) were treated by diet alone, 130 (34.1%) were treated with metformin, and 84 (22.6%) received insulin with or without metformin. Prediction of peak systolic velocity ratio was provided by development of preeclampsia, maternal age, body mass index, mean arterial pressure, first-degree family history of diabetes mellitus, family history of preeclampsia, Asian ethnicity, and smoking. There was no significant contribution from gestational diabetes mellitus. Among women who developed gestational diabetes mellitus that required insulin treatment, the ophthalmic artery peak systolic velocity ratio (0.67±0.09) was higher (P<.001) than that in unaffected pregnancies (0.63±0.10), but it was not significantly different from that in the preeclampsia group (0.69±0.10; P=.90). Conclusion: Among women who developed severe gestational diabetes mellitus that required insulin treatment, there was evidence of increased peripheral resistance, which was apparent from the first trimester of pregnancy. © 2024
Burden of multiple high-risk factors in pregnancy before and after the universal two-child policy in Chinese women: An observational study; Background The prevalence of high-risk pregnancy increased after the implementation of two-child policy in China, but the impact of this policy change on the burden and profile of multiple high-risk factors in pregnancy (MHFP) has been insufficiently explored. We hypothesised that the profile of MHFP might have changed after the two-child policy was implemented and aimed to estimate the prevalence, intercorrelation, and outcomes of MHFP before and after its introduction. Methods We obtained data on the population of pregnant women before (2015) and after (2020/2021) the implementation of universal two-child policy in Huai’an. We then included 33 risk factors in our analysis based on the Five-Colour Management framework and defined MHFP as an individual having two or more of these factors. We also estimated the changes of the prevalence of each single factor and their coexistence. Lastly, we performed a network analysis to assess the intercorrelations across these factors and used logistic regression models to evaluate MHFP-related pregnancy outcomes. Results We observed an increase in the prevalence of MHFP after the implementation of the universal two-child policy (25.8% in 2015 vs 38.4% in 2020/2021, P<0.01). Chronic conditions (e.g. gestational diabetes mellitus, abnormal body mass index) had the largest increase among the included factors, while cardiovascular disease and hypertensive disorders were central factors of the network structures. The correlations of advanced maternal age with abnormal pregnancy histories and scarred uteri increased significantly from 2015 to 2020/2021. MHFP was associated with multiple pregnancy outcomes, including preterm birth (adjusted odds ratio (aOR)=2.57; 95% confidence interval (CI)=2.39–2.75), low birthweight (aOR=2.77; 95% CI=2.54–3.02), low Apgar score (aOR=1.41; 95% CI=1.19–1.67), perinatal death (aOR=1.75; 95% CI=1.44–2.12), and neonatal death (aOR=1.76; 95% CI=1.42–2.18). Moreover, an increasing number and certain combinations of MHFP were associated with higher odds of pregnancy outcomes. For example, the aOR of preterm birth increased from 1.67 (95% CI=1.52–1.87) for one risk factor to 8.03 (95% CI=6.99–9.22) for ≥4 risk factors. Conclusions Chinese women experienced a higher burden of multiple high-risk factors after the introduction of the two-child policy, particularly those with advanced maternal age, obesity, and chronic conditions. Strategies targeting chronic conditions for women with MHFP should be prioritised and a shift to a multiple-factor-oriented framework is needed in the expanding Chinese maternal health care system. © 2024 The Author(s)
Australian burden of disease study: health equity through data disaggregation; This paper underscores the imperative for enhanced data disaggregation within the Australian Burden of Disease Studies (ABDS). While the ABDS offers a detailed assessment of disease burden, it falls short in providing systematic, disaggregated data–key to equitable healthcare and informed policymaking. Given Australia’s rich linguistic, ethnic, and cultural tapestry, aggregated health data often obscures the true extent of health disparities among diverse groups. The absence of detailed health data can precipitate unforeseen inequities with profound societal repercussions, including social unrest, diminished trust in healthcare and governance, economic downturns, educational gaps, mental health crises, political challenges, and stigmatisation. Such disparities undermine confidence in health systems and advisories, potentially fostering scepticism towards official health communications. Health disparities can lead to economic inadequacies, inflated healthcare expenditures, and stunted economic growth. Communities suffering from poor health are economically disadvantaged, and unexpected health inequities can derail educational achievements, particularly for students from underprivileged backgrounds who may face additional obstacles due to health-related absences or resource scarcity. The mental health burden from health disparities can escalate community-wide psychological distress, manifesting in heightened depression, anxiety, and trauma rates. The stigmatisation of certain groups exacerbates societal divisions and impedes unity. Politically, health inequities demand attention, with leaders facing scrutiny over their handling of these issues. Nevertheless, such challenges can catalyse community solidarity and advocacy for systemic change, fostering resilience. Addressing these disparities necessitates a comprehensive strategy encompassing disaggregated data access, equitable healthcare provision, policy reform, and community involvement. The ABDS 2023 report that Australians lost 5.6 million years of potential healthy life, with chronic disease imposing a more significant toll than premature mortality. The primary contributors to this burden were cancers, mental health conditions, and substance abuse disorders. However, this collective data fails to illuminate the disparate disease impacts on culturally, ethnically, and linguistically diverse populations. The ABD Study highlighted that in 2018, Indigenous Australians lost nearly 240,000 years of healthy life due to illness and early death, equating to 289 years per 1,000 individuals. Conditions like diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, renal disorders, strokes, and respiratory issues were more prevalent among individuals with limited English proficiency compared to fluent speakers. Gestational diabetes rates were notably higher in South Asian, Vietnamese, and African migrants compared to the native-born populace. The article emphasises the critical role of disaggregated health data in shaping effective health policies, optimising resource allocation, and promoting equitable health outcomes aligned with the Sustainable Development Goals. It advocates for integrating such data in public health practices to mitigate health disparities and enhance the welfare of all Australians. Ensuring the widespread availability of legally mandated disaggregated health data is vital for identifying, monitoring, and addressing health disparities within Australia’s multicultural society. © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Predictive Value of Serum Immune-Inflammatory Markers for Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in Pregnant Women with Thrombophilia: A Retrospective Cohort Study; Background: Thrombophilia combined with pregnancy poses significant risks for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Unfortunately, there are no indicators at high risk for predicting adverse pregnancy outcomes. This study investigates the predictive efficiency of serum immune-inflammatory markers on adverse pregnancy outcomes. Methods: This retrospective cohort study includes 223 pregnant women diagnosed with thrombophilia who delivered at the Fujian Provincial Hospital South Branch from January 2022 to April 2024. Clinical information and pregnancy outcomes were collected. The systemic immune-inflammation index (SII), systemic inflammation response index (SIRI), and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) were calculated using blood samples. The relationship and predictive accuracy between immune-inflammatory markers and adverse pregnancy outcomes were analyzed. Results: In this study, 50 (22.4%) patients had adverse pregnancy outcomes. Significant differences were observed in neutrophils counts, monocytes counts, LDH, SII, and SIRI levels between the adverse pregnancy outcome groups (APOs) and the control groups (P<0.05). The area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis revealed that SII (AUC=0.762), SIRI (AUC=0.764), and LDH (AUC=0.732) had high predictive values for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Notably, the combined model had the highest AUC of 0.805. Multivariate logistic regression identified SII had the highest odd ratio (OR) (OR=8.512; 95% CI (3.068–23.614)), followed by LDH (OR=4.905; 95% CI (1.167–11.101)), SIRI (OR=3.549; 95% CI(0.847–8.669)), and neutrophils count (OR=1.726; 95% CI (0.563–2.938)) as independent risk factors for adverse outcomes. Conclusion: Elevated levels of immune-inflammatory markers such as SII, SIRI, and LDH level are strong predictors of adverse pregnancy outcomes in thrombophilia-complicated pregnancies. These markers are significantly associated with maternal-neonatal outcomes. Our findings underscore the importance of monitoring immune-inflammatory markers in pregnant women with thrombophilia to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes. © 2024 Zheng et al.
Neonatal polycythemia: prevalence, risk factors and predictors of severity; BACKGROUND: Polycythemia is a disorder with several causes and risk factors. The clinical presentation is variable, ranging from asymptomatic newborns to cases with severe physiological changes. The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence, risk factors and predictors of severity of polycythemia in a Portuguese level IIINeonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU). METHODS: Case-control study of all term newborns with the diagnosis of polycythemia admitted to the NICU of the São João Universitary Hospital Center, Porto, Portugal, from January 1, 1999 to December 31, 2019; and who met one of the following inclusion criteria were eligible for the study: 1) Hct>65% or Hb>22 g/dL; and 2) Hb≥21 g/dL with clinical manifestations of polycythemia. RESULTS: A total of 53 newborns fulfilled the inclusion criteria and were included in the study, corresponding to a prevalence of 0.57%. Birth outside the hospital was the only risk factor with statistical significance. Of 53 cases, 51 (96.23%) had symptomatic polycythemia. The most frequent symptoms were: hyperbilirubinemia (69.81%), hypoglycemia (52.83%), thrombocytopenia (50.94%), cardiorespiratory (33.96%), and neurological symptoms (33.96%). Of the 53 newborns evaluated, 41 (77.36%) needed treatment. The only risk factors that influenced the hematocrit value were maternal diabetes and fetal growth restriction. CONCLUSIONS: The best way to improve the prognosis of polycythemia is to identify the risk factors present throughout pregnancy and make an early diagnosis and treatment. Out-of-hospital births should be avoided. The diagnosis should not be excluded, even if hemoglobin and hematocrit are within normal limits. © 2024 Edizioni Minerva Medica. All rights reserved.
Gender-specific characteristics of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction in women: Focus on pregnancy factors; The prevalence of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF) is relentlessly increasing, especially in women. Therefore, an important task is search for novel markers and early predictors of the disease. Evaluation of the association between physiological factors and complications of pregnancy and the development both early and longterm heart failure (HF) is also a substantial question. The younger women cohort is of particular interest because of the high prevalence of HFpEF among women in Russia. The purpose of the review is to assess gender differences in the HF, as well as to summarize the results of studies on the association of adverse pregnancy outcomes and development of HFpEF. The article describes the gender characteristics of the development of various HF types. We considered the morphofunctional, neurohumoral and age factors associated with the HF development in women, as well as the differences in the influence of the leading risk factors for HF between men and women. Particular attention is paid to the role of pregnancy factors in the development of various HF types. The following HF development variants in women have been identified: early (peripartum) and late (diagnosed in postmenopause). The pathophysiological mechanisms of the impact of extragenital pregnancy complications on HF development are described separately. Particular attention is paid to studying the relationship between pregnancy complications and HFpEF development in the long-term prognosis, as the most characteristic form of HF for women. The leading pregnancy complications associated with HFpEF development in postmenopause are hypertensive disorders (including preeclampsia and eclampsia) and gestational diabetes mellitus. A wider study of the association of pregnancy complications with HFpEF in a woman's future is necessary to identify new mechanisms for its development. © 2024 Silicea-Poligraf. All rights reserved.
Application of artificial intelligence and digitalization in medical education and various surgical specialities: concerns and prospects; The rise of artificial intelligence (AI) in medicine is transforming healthcare by integrating data into clinical decision-making. This technology can improve cost, quality, and accessibility, but has limitations such as transparency and liability. Medical professionals must undergo training in this area and integrate AI into the curriculum across all subject areas. In the surgical field, surgeons can incorporate AI into their practices by collaborating with data scientists to gather data during patient care. Machine learning, natural language processing, artificial neural networks, and computer vision play a crucial role in learning about AI in surgery. Combining AI with surgical robotics could increase surgical expertise, patient outcomes, and medical treatment availability. AI has the potential to improve diagnosis, treatment, and outcomes in obstetrics and gynecology, but further research is needed to minimize bias and enhance adaptability. AI systems rely on comprehensive data access, but ethical concerns about patient information confidentiality need to be addressed. © 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The association between parental age differences and perinatal outcomes; STUDY QUESTION: Are there significant associations existing between parental age differences and adverse perinatal outcomes? SUMMARY ANSWER: Large differences in parental age are associated with adverse perinatal outcomes, particularly with older mothers paired with younger fathers. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: The association between advanced maternal age and perinatal outcomes is well-documented with women over 35 years showing an increased risk of several adverse outcomes. Other studies have identified potential associations between advanced paternal age and adverse perinatal outcomes. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: A historical (retrospective) cohort analysis was performed utilizing a multivariable logistic regression model to evaluate the association between varying differences in parental age and adverse perinatal outcomes while controlling for demographic and health-related covariates. Data were compiled from the National Vital Statistics System for 20 613 704 births between 2012 and 2018. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Parental age differences, categorized into eleven 4-year intervals, were stratified by seven maternal age categories and evaluated for their associations with adverse perinatal outcomes. Main outcome measures included low birth weight, very low birth weight, preterm birth, very preterm birth, small size for gestational age, low 5-min appearance, pulse, grimace, activity, and respiration score, congenital defects, and chromosomal anomalies. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Increased parental age differences, in either direction, were associated with significant risks for all adverse outcomes, aside from congenital defects, even when controlling for maternal age. Restricting maternal age to the reference range of 25 29 years, infants born to fathers aged 9 12 years younger (n 3773) had 27% (odds ratio (OR) 1.27, 95% CI, 1.17 1.37) higher odds of having any adverse perinatal outcome. Infants born to fathers aged >16 years older (n 98 555) had 14% (OR 1.14, 95% CI, 1.12 1.16) higher odds of having any adverse perinatal outcome. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Data extracted from US birth certificates may be compromised by errors in reporting or documentation. Information regarding the mother s socioeconomic status was estimated using proxy variables and may be susceptible to uncontrolled factors. Use of a pre-compiled dataset may potentially exclude additional maternal comorbidities that could impact perinatal outcomes. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF FINDINGS: Older mothers paired with younger fathers demonstrated the highest risk, even when maternal age was below the threshold of 35 years. For the clinical setting, parental age differences should be considered alongside maternal and paternal age when assessing risks of adverse perinatal outcomes for potential parents. This is particularly relevant for older women with younger male partners as this may exacerbate the impact of advanced maternal age. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This research was funded by the NIH Research Fellowship T35 Training Grant. There are no competing interests. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A. © 2024 Oxford University Press. All rights reserved.
Fetal heart rate spectral analysis in raw signals and PRSA-derived curve: normal and pathological fetuses discrimination; Abstract: Cardiotocography (CTG) is the most common technique for electronic fetal monitoring and consists of the simultaneous recording of fetal heart rate (FHR) and uterine contractions. In analogy with the adult case, spectral analysis of the FHR signal can be used to assess the functionality of the autonomic nervous system. To do so, several methods can be employed, each of which has its strengths and limitations. This paper aims at performing a methodological investigation on FHR spectral analysis adopting 4 different spectrum estimators and a novel PRSA-based spectral method. The performances have been evaluated in terms of the ability of the various methods to detect changes in the FHR in two common pregnancy complications: intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and gestational diabetes. A balanced dataset containing 2178 recordings distributed between the 32nd and 38th week of gestation was used. The results show that the spectral method derived from the PRSA better differentiates high-risk pregnancies vs. controls compared to the others. Specifically, it more robustly detects an increase in power percentage within the movement frequency band and a decrease in high frequency between pregnancies at high risk in comparison to those at low risk. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2023, The Author(s).
Comparisons of clinical outcomes between newly diagnosed early- and late-onset T2DM: a real-world study from the Shanghai Hospital Link Database; Objective: The aim of this study was to compare the differences in incident population, comorbidities, and glucose-lowering drug prescriptions between newly diagnosed patients with early-onset type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and those with late-onset T2DM to provide real-world evidence for clinical practice. Methods: This study was based on the Shanghai Hospital Link Database (SHLD). Anonymized electronic medical record (EHR) data from 2013 to 2021 were included in this study. Newly diagnosed patients with T2DM were defined as those without related diagnostic records or glucose-lowering medicine prescriptions in the past 3 years. Early-onset T2DM was defined as patients who were aged 18–40 years old at the first visit for T2DM to represent those who were born after the 1980s. And late-onset T2DM was defined as those aged 65–80 years old to represent those who were born in a relatively undeveloped period. Descriptive statistical analyses were performed to describe their incidence number, glucose-lowering drug prescriptions, and comorbidities at the first visit to the hospital between two T2DM groups. Results: There were a total of 35,457 newly diagnosed patients with early-onset T2DM and 149,108 newly diagnosed patients with late-onset T2DM included in this study. Patients with late-onset T2DM constituted the majority and their number increased by 2.5% on average by years, while the number of patients with early-onset T2DM remained stable each year. Compared with late-onset T2DM patients, more early-onset T2DM patients had dyslipidemia at the first visit to hospitals (9.5% vs 7.7%, P < 0.01) despite their significant age differences. Patients with early-onset T2DM were more likely to use metformin (74.8% vs 46.5, P < 0.01), dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors (DDP-4i) (16.7% vs 11.2%, P < 0.01), thiazolidinediones (TZD) (14.9% vs 8.4%, P < 0.01), sodium glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors (SGLT2-i) (0.8% vs 0.3%, P < 0.01), and glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists (GLP-1 RA) (3.7% vs 0.5%, P < 0.01) at their first visit to the hospital.Conclusions: Different characteristics were observed between patients with early-onset T2DM and those with late-onset T2DM. Compared with patients with late-onset T2DM, those with early-onset T2DM were more prone to dyslipidemia and had novel organ-protective drugs prescribed. © 2024 the author(s).
Maternal hemoglobin A1c and left ventricular hypertrophy in infants of mothers with pre-gestational diabetes; Objective: Maternal hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) has been suggested to be a predictor of left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) in the offspring of mothers with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus, although there is little data supporting this contention. We aimed to assess the relationship between maternal HbA1c and postnatal LVH. Methods: We performed a retrospective cohort study of infants born to mothers with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus from 2015 to 2021 at our institution. The primary predictor was maternal HbA1c; neonatal left ventricular mass (LVM) z-score was the primary outcome; LVM z-score was considered as both a continuous variable and a binary variable by dichotomizing at 4 to define LVH. Additionally, we used linear regression to determine the relationship between maternal HbA1c and LVM z-score. Results: There were 116 infants who met inclusion (50% female). Mean maternal HbA1c was generally higher in infants with LVH compared to those without LVH (8.2% with LVH vs. 7.2% without LVH [p = 0.009] in the second trimester, and 7.8% vs. 7.0% [p = 0.025] in the third trimester; no significant difference for first trimester). A greater percentage of infants with LVH were intubated (36% vs. 6%, p < 0.001) and had longer average days of hospitalization (9 vs. 5, p = 0.044). Second and third trimester HbA1c was weakly associated with LVM z-score (R2 = 0.063, p < 0.001 and R2 = 0.068, p < 0.001, respectively); first trimester HbA1c was not significantly predictive of LVM z-score. Conclusion: Second and third trimester HbA1c is modestly predictive of LVH in infants born to mothers with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Vaginal Compared with Oral Misoprostol Induction at Term: A Cluster Randomized Controlled Trial; OBJECTIVE:To evaluate efficacy in achieving vaginal delivery with a standardized vaginal compared with oral misoprostol regimen for labor induction at term.METHODS:In this single-center, cluster randomized trial, we randomized induction method by week among individuals with gestational age of 37 weeks or more, cervical dilation of 2 cm or less, intact membranes, and indication for delivery to either oral (100 micrograms every 4 hours for up to two doses), or vaginal (25 micrograms every 3 hours for up to five doses) misoprostol regimens, followed by a standardized oxytocin protocol. Individuals with an antepartum stillbirth, major fetal anomalies, malpresentation, ruptured membranes, nonreassuring fetal status, or contraindication to prostaglandin were excluded. The primary outcome was vaginal delivery at first induction attempt. Secondary outcomes included time to delivery, need for oxytocin, chorioamnionitis, and adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Outcomes were recorded at the individual level and adjusted for clustering, with analysis by intention to treat.RESULTS:Between May 24, 2021, to September 19, 2022, 1,322 women were randomized to vaginal misoprostol in 33 clusters and 1,224 to oral misoprostol in 37 clusters. Demographic characteristics or initial cervical dilation did not differ between groups. The primary outcome did not differ between induction regimens and occurred in 1,032 (78.1%) of the vaginal misoprostol arm and 945 (77.2%) of the oral misoprostol arm (adjusted relative risk [RR] 1.01, 95% CI, 0.97-1.05). Tachysystole with fetal heart rate changes occurred less frequently with vaginal compared with oral misoprostol (3.5% vs 5.9%, adjusted RR 0.59, 95% CI, 0.40-0.87). Time to delivery did not differ between groups. Oxytocin was less frequently required before delivery in the vaginal misoprostol group (68.8% vs 78.4%, adjusted RR 0.88, 95% CI, 0.84-0.92).CONCLUSION:Induction of labor with vaginal compared with oral misoprostol protocols did not increase the frequency of vaginal delivery at term but did reduce the need for oxytocin use before delivery.CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION:ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT04755218. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
HISTOMORPHOLOGICAL STUDIES OF MYOCARDIUM UNDER THE INFLUENCE OF PHARMACEUTICAL COMPOSITION BASED ON L-CARNITINE IN THE MODEL OF MODERATE HEMIC HYPOXIA; Actuality. Sufficient oxygen supply to tissues is important for the normal functioning of the mother and fetus, especially in the second and third trimesters of pregnancy. Prolonged gestational hypoxia is associated with pregnancy complications such as fetoplacental insufficiency (FPI), preeclampsia, chorioamnionitis, gestational diabetes, and maternal obesity. The most common cause of intrauterine growth retardation is FPI, which is characterized by impaired uteroplacental blood flow, leading to a restricted supply of oxygen and nutrients to the fetus. At the same time, pathological changes in the placental vessels, microvascular endothelial dysfunction of various organs and unfavorable pregnancy in mothers increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases, such as hypertension, coronary heart disease, heart failure, atherosclerosis, stroke in the early postpartum period and throughout life. Since cardiomyocytes are very sensitive to adequate oxygen supply, it was advisable to study the histological features of the myocardium in pregnant rats with experimentally reproduced moderate hemic hypoxia after administration of a pharmaceutical composition (PC) based on L-carnitine to determine its cardioprotective effect, which will substantiate the prospects of its use in hypoxemic conditions in pregnant women associated with PH. The purpose of the study was to determine the effect of a pharmaceutical composition based on L-carnitine on the histomorphological features of rat myocardium in a model of moderate hemic hypoxia. Materials and methods of the study. The study was conducted on 32 nonlinear pregnant rats aged 6 months. From the first day of gestation, daily for 15 days, rats were administered intragastrically with PC based on L-carnitine at an effective dose of 25 mg/kg. Rats of the positive control group were administered the reference drug trimetazidine at a dose of 5.5 mg/kg. From day 16 to day 20 of pregnancy, moderate hemic hypoxia was reproduced by intraperitoneal injection of sodium nitrite at a dose of 50 mg/kg. On day 20 of gestation, animals were withdrawn from the experiment for further histomorphological examination of the myocardium. Results of the study. The cardioprotective effect of PC based on L-carnitine was established by assessing the myocardial microstructure of pregnant rats in a model of moderate hemic hypoxia during prophylactic administration. Prophylactic administration of PC based on L-carnitine at a dose of 25 mg/kg has a sufficiently pronounced positive effect on the histological and functional state of the myocardium, which was manifested, compared to the negative control group reduction of signs of hemodynamic disorders (venous and capillary hemorrhage, arteriolar emptiness and spasm) and changes in the structure of vascular walls (thickening and protein saturation of the vascular wall of intramural arteries), which occurred as a result of moderate hemic hypoxia. Conclusions. The cardioprotective effect of a pharmaceutical composition based on L-carnitine at an effective dose of 25 mg/kg in pregnant rats with moderate hemic hypoxia was established. The cardioprotective effect of the pharmaceutical composition based on L-carnitine at an effective dose of 25 mg/kg in pregnant rats was manifested by a decrease in morphological signs of myocardial hemodynamics disorders and changes in the structure of the walls of intramural arteries, compared to the negative control and approached the state of the reference drug trimetazidine at an isoeffective dose of 5.5 mg/kg. The presence of cardioprotective effect of the pharmaceutical composition based on L-carnitine indicates the prospects of further pharmacological studies for the prevention and treatment of the negative effects of fetoplacental insufficiency on the mother and fetus caused by hypoxia during pregnancy. © 2024, V.I. Vernadsky Taurida National University. All rights reserved.
Knowledge and care regarding long-term cardiovascular risk after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes; Background: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO), such as preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes (GDM) are substantial risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. Identifying these high-risk female individuals during pregnancy offers the possibility of preventing long-term CVD and chronic kidney disease via a structured therapeutic and surveillance plan. We aimed to evaluate the current practice of postpartum care in women after APO and the impact on the women’s awareness about their future risk for CVD. Methods: Women diagnosed with PE and GDM at the University Hospital of St. Poelten/Lilienfeld between 2015–2020 were identified and participated in a structured telephone interview about postpartum medical care and knowledge about the impact of APOs on long-term cardiovascular health. Results: Of 161 out of the 750 women contacted, 29% (n = 46) were diagnosed with PE and 71% (n = 115) with GDM. One third of all women and up to 44% of women diagnosed with PE, were unaware that APOs are related to CVD. Women diagnosed with PE were less likely to receive postpartum care information than those with GDM (30.4% vs. 49.6%, p = 0.027), and only one third of all women after APOs were counselled by a physician or healthcare professional. Of the women 50% received recommendations regarding lifestyle changes after delivery; significantly more women with GDM than women with PE (54% vs. 37%, p = 0.05). Only 14% had at least one long-term follow-up. Conclusion: This study identified a significant deficit of structured postpartum care and a lack of awareness among women after APO and their healthcare providers about the increased risk of long-term CVD. © The Author(s) 2023.
Development, validation, and clinical utility of a risk prediction model for recurrent preeclampsia; Objectives:We aim to establish a predictive model for recurrent preeclampsia.Methods:A retrospective review of medical records from three hospitals between 2010 and 2021 was conducted. The study included women who had two consecutive singleton deliveries at the same hospital, with the first delivery complicated by preeclampsia. A multivariable logistic regression model was constructed using a training cohort, and subsequently cross-validated and tested using an independent cohort. The model's performance was assessed in terms of discrimination and calibration, and its clinical utility was evaluated using decision curve analysis (DCA).Results:Among 296 405 deliveries, 694 women met the inclusion criteria, with 151 (21.8%) experiencing recurrent preeclampsia. The predictive model incorporated 10 risk factors from previous preeclampsia, including gestational weeks with elevated blood pressure, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pericardial effusion, heart failure, limb edema, serum creatinine, white blood cell count, low platelet counts within one week before delivery, SBP on the first postpartum day, and postpartum antihypertensive use. Additionally, one risk factor from the index pregnancy was included, which was antihypertensive use before 20 weeks. The model demonstrated better discrimination, calibration, and a net benefit across a wide range of recurrent preeclampsia risk thresholds. Furthermore, the model has been translated into a clinical risk calculator, enabling clinicians to calculate individualized risks of recurrent preeclampsia.Conclusion:Our study demonstrates that a predictive tool utilizing routine clinical and laboratory factors can accurately estimate the risk of recurrent preeclampsia. This predictive model has the potential to facilitate shared decision-making by providing personalized and risk-stratified care. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Fetal loss and long-term maternal morbidity and mortality: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background Evidence suggests common pathways between pregnancy losses and subsequent long-term maternal morbidity, rendering pregnancy complications an early chronic disease marker. There is a plethora of studies exploring associations between miscarriage and stillbirth with long-term adverse maternal health; however, these data are inconclusive. Methods and findings We systematically searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, AMED, BNI, CINAHL, and the Cochrane Library with relevant keywords and MeSH terms from inception to June 2023 (no language restrictions). We included studies exploring associations between stillbirth or miscarriage and incidence of cardiovascular, malignancy, mental health, other morbidities, and all-cause mortality in women without previous pregnancy loss. Studies reporting short-term morbidity (within a year of loss), case reports, letters, and animal studies were excluded. Study selection and data extraction were performed by 2 independent reviewers. Risk of bias was assessed using the Newcastle Ottawa Scale (NOS) and publication bias with funnel plots. Subgroup analysis explored the effect of recurrent losses on adverse outcomes. Statistical analysis was performed using an inverse variance random effects model and results are reported as risk ratios (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) and prediction intervals (PIs) by combining the most adjusted RR, odds ratios (ORs) and hazard ratios (HRs) under the rare outcome assumption. We included 56 observational studies, including 45 in meta-analysis. There were 1,119,815 women who experienced pregnancy loss of whom 951,258 had a miscarriage and 168,557 stillbirth, compared with 11,965,574 women without previous loss. Women with a history of stillbirth had a greater risk of ischaemic heart disease (IHD) RR 1.56, 95% CI [1.30, 1.88]; p < 0.001, 95% PI [0.49 to 5.15]), cerebrovascular (RR 1.71, 95% CI [1.44, 2.03], p < 0.001, 95% PI [1.92, 2.42]), and any circulatory/cardiovascular disease (RR 1.86, 95% CI [1.01, 3.45], p = 0.05, 95% PI [0.74, 4.10]) compared with women without pregnancy loss. There was no evidence of increased risk of cardiovascular disease (IHD: RR 1.11, 95% CI [0.98, 1.27], 95% PI [0.46, 2.76] or cerebrovascular: RR 1.01, 95% CI [0.85, 1.21]) in women experiencing a miscarriage. Only women with a previous stillbirth were more likely to develop type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (RR: 1.16, 95% CI [1.07 to 2.26]; p < 0.001, 95% PI [1.05, 1.35]). Women with a stillbirth history had an increased risk of developing renal morbidities (RR 1.97, 95% CI [1.51, 2.57], p < 0.001, 95% [1.06, 4.72]) compared with controls. Women with a history of stillbirth had lower risk of breast cancer (RR: 0.80, 95% CI [0.67, 0.96], p-0.02, 95% PI [0.72, 0.93]). There was no evidence of altered risk of other malignancies in women experiencing pregnancy loss compared to controls. There was no evidence of long-term mental illness risk in women with previous pregnancy losses (stillbirth: RR 1.90, 95% CI [0.93, 3.88], 95% PI [0.34, 9.51], miscarriage: RR 1.78, 95% CI [0.88, 3.63], 95% PI [1.13, 4.16]). The main limitations include the potential for confounding due to use of aggregated data with variable degrees of adjustment. Conclusions Our results suggest that women with a history of stillbirth have a greater risk of future cardiovascular disease, T2DM, and renal morbidities. Women experiencing miscarriages, single or multiple, do not seem to have an altered risk. © 2024 Vlachou et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Low circulating levels of neuregulin 4 as a potential biomarker associated with the severity and prognosis of obesity-related metabolic diseases: a systematic review; Background: Neuregulin 4 (Nrg4) is a brown adipose tissue-derived adipokine that greatly affects systemic metabolism and improves metabolic derangements. Although abnormal circulating levels of Nrg4 are common in obesity, it remains elusive whether low or elevated levels of this batokine are associated with the onset of metabolic diseases. Aim: To assess Nrg4 levels and its role as a feasible biomarker to predict the severity of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Methods: A search for relevant studies was performed systematically using prominent search engines, including PubMed, Google Scholar, and Embase, by following PRISMA guidelines. Results: Ample clinical evidence reported low serum/plasma levels of Nrg4 in obesity and these were inversely proportional to the indices of metabolic syndrome, including body mass index, waist circumference, triglycerides, fasting plasma glucose, and homoeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance as well as high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. Low circulating Nrg4 levels may aid in the prediction of morbid obesity, and subsequent GDM, T2DM, NAFLD, and CVD. Conclusion: Current clinical evidence emphasizes that the circulating levels of Nrg4 are decreased in morbid obesity, and it also highlights that Nrg4 May serve as a potential prognostic biomarker for obesity-related metabolic diseases. © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Severe Alkalemia and hypokalemia after chronic exposure to alkaline water; Consumption of alkaline electrolyzed water (AEW) has become increasingly popular for consumer use. Although these alkaline water products are now commonly used, they are of questionable health benefit. Some individuals believe that it may help their dyspepsia. Furthermore, there is a paucity of evidence on its toxicologic profile and adverse effects. This is a single case report of a 42-year-old female with a past medical history of gestational diabetes, necrotizing pancreatitis, presented to the Emergency Department for 3 weeks of lethargy, weakness, difficulty walking, and vomiting. She endorsed consuming 5 liters (L) of alkaline water daily for the past month. Initial labs showed pH 7.69, potassium 1.6meQ/L, sodium 133 meQ/L, chloride 65 mmol/L, magnesium 0.9 meQ/L, and bicarbonate 46 mmol/L, and lactate of 13.2 mmol/L. EKG showed sinus tachycardia with QTc of 630 milliseconds. Patient was treated supportively with intravenous fluids and electrolyte replacement. The potassium rose to 6.6 meQ/L, which then the patient was treated for hyperkalemia. After four days of intravenous fluid and electrolyte replacement, the patient's electrolytes and acid-base status normalized, and she was transferred to the medical floors for further management. This case report illustrates severe metabolic alkalosis and hypokalemia in the setting of chronic alkaline water exposure. It also is an example of alkalemia with hyperlactatemia, or “lactic alkalosis”. To our knowledge, there is no previous literature reporting serious adverse effects of alkaline bottled water products. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Umbilical Vascular Thromboembolism: High-Risk Factors, Diagnosis, Management, and Pregnancy Outcomes: A Scoping Review; Umbilical vascular thromboembolism is a rare condition that can lead to serious consequences such as fetal hypoxia, fetal growth restriction, and even stillbirth. However, there is currently a lack of research on the pathology, pathogenesis, clinical management, and prognosis of this condition. Therefore, the purpose of this article is to analyze this condition’s high-risk factors, clinical characteristics, pregnancy management, and discuss its corresponding pregnancy outcomes. Databases such as PubMed are searched using the relevant keywords of umbilical vascular thromboembolism in worldwide. And related information is analyzed such as maternal risk factors, fetal risk factors, umbilical cord and placental risk factors, and pregnancy outcomes. The literature search yields 113 articles, 64 of which meet the inclusion criteria for umbilical vascular thromboembolism. There are 4 retrospective cohort studies and 8 case series, the rest are all case reports. A total of 262 cases of umbilical vascular thromboembolism are found. The most common maternal complications and fetal related risk factors are diabetes (25 cases, 9.5%) and stillbirths (106 cases, 40.5%), respectively. Among these 262 cases, 98 (37.4%) cases are found by prenatal ultrasound to have umbilical vascular thromboembolism and the fetus is in a viable state with complete clinical information. In addition, considering the effectiveness and safety of low molecular weight heparin in thromboembolic conditions, twenty-four patients of umbilical artery thromboembolism attempted to use low molecular weight heparin during observation. Maternal diabetes was the highest risk factor for this condition. When umbilical artery thromboembolism occurs, the incidence of stillbirth increases. Premature patients with this condition can continue their pregnancy under close external monitoring. However, due to the small sample size, further research is needed. © 2024 Zhan et al.
Gestational diabetes causes hyperactivity of the sympathetic nervous system and hypertension in adult mice offspring; Background: Gestational diabetes can lead to increased blood pressure in offspring, accompanied by impaired renal sodium excretion function and vasoconstriction and diastole dysfunction. However, there are few studies on whether it is accompanied by increased sympathetic nerve activity. Methods: Pregnant C57BL/6 mice were intraperitoneally injected with streptozotocin (35 mg/kg) or citrate buffer at day 0 of gestation. The mice of control mother offspring (CMO) and diabetic mother offspring (DMO) at 16 weeks of age were infused with vehicle (artificial cerebrospinal fluid, aCSF, 0.4 μL/h) or tempol (1 mmol/L, 0.4 μL/h) into the bilateral paraventricular nucleus (PVN) of mice for 4 weeks, respectively. Results: Compared with CMO group, SBP and peripheral sympathetic nerve activity (increased heart rate, LF/HF and plasma norepinephrine and decreased SDNN and RMSSD) were increased in DMO group, which was accompanied by increased angiotensin II type-1 receptor (AT1R) expression and function in PVN. The increase in AT1R expression levels was attributed to a decrease in the methylation level of the AT1R promoter region, resulting in an increase in AT1R mRNA levels in PVN of DMO. Moreover, compared with CMO group, the levels of oxidative stress were increased and DNMT1 expression was decreased in PVN of DMO. Bilateral PVN infusion of tempol attenuated oxidative stress increased the level of DNMT1 expression and the binding of DNMT1 to the AT1R promoter region, which reduced mRNA and protein expression level of AT1R, heart rate and SBP in DMO, but not in CMO. Conclusions: The present study provides evidence for overactive sympathetic nervous systems in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes-induced hypertension in offspring. Central antioxidant intervention in the PVN may be an important treatment strategy for fetal-programmed hypertension. © 2024 The Author(s). Published with license by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
EXIST: EXamining rIsk of excesS adiposiTy—Machine learning to predict obesity-related complications; Background: Obesity is associated with an increased risk of multiple conditions, ranging from heart disease to cancer. However, there are few predictive models for these outcomes that have been developed specifically for people with overweight/obesity. Objective: To develop predictive models for obesity-related complications in patients with overweight and obesity. Methods: Electronic health record data of adults with body mass index 25–80 kg/m2 treated in primary care practices between 2000 and 2019 were utilized to develop and evaluate predictive models for nine long-term clinical outcomes using a) Lasso-Cox models and b) a machine-learning method random survival forests (RSF). Models were trained on a training dataset and evaluated on a test dataset over 100 replicates. Parsimonious models of <10 variables were also developed using Lasso-Cox. Results: Over a median follow-up of 5.6 years, study outcome incidence in the cohort of 433,272 patients ranged from 1.8% for knee replacement to 11.7% for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Harrell C-index averaged over replicates ranged from 0.702 for liver outcomes to 0.896 for death for RSF, and from 0.694 for liver outcomes to 0.891 for death for Lasso-Cox. The Harrell C-index for parsimonious models ranged from 0.675 for liver outcomes to 0.850 for knee replacement. Conclusions: Predictive modeling can identify patients at high risk of obesity-related complications. Interpretable Cox models achieve results close to those of machine learning methods and could be helpful for population health management and clinical treatment decisions. © 2023 The Authors. Obesity Science & Practice published by World Obesity and The Obesity Society and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Oxytocin: physiology, pharmacology, and clinical application for labor management; Oxytocin is a peptide hormone that plays a key role in regulating the female reproductive system, including during labor and lactation. It is produced primarily in the hypothalamus and secreted by the posterior pituitary gland. Oxytocin can also be administered as a medication to initiate or augment uterine contractions. To study the effectiveness and safety of oxytocin, previous studies have randomized patients to low- and high-dose oxytocin infusion protocols either alone or as part of an active management of labor strategy along with other interventions. These randomized trials demonstrated that active management of labor and high-dose oxytocin regimens can shorten the length of labor and reduce the incidence of clinical chorioamnionitis. The safety of high-dose oxytocin regimens is also supported by no associated differences in fetal heart rate abnormalities, postpartum hemorrhage, low Apgar scores, neonatal intensive care unit admissions, and umbilical artery acidemia. Most studies reported no differences in the cesarean delivery rates with active management of labor or high-dose oxytocin regimens, thereby further validating its safety. Oxytocin does not have a predictable dose response, thus the pharmacologic effects and the amplitude and frequency of uterine contractions are used as physiological parameters for oxytocin infusion titration to achieve adequate contractions at appropriate intervals. Used in error, oxytocin can cause patient harm, highlighting the importance of precise administration using infusion pumps, institutional safety checklists, and trained nursing staff to closely monitor uterine activity and fetal heart rate changes. In this review, we summarize the physiology, pharmacology, infusion regimens, and associated risks of oxytocin. © 2023
Uterine packing with chitosan-covered tamponade to treat postpartum hemorrhage; Postpartum hemorrhage remains a major cause of maternal mortality and morbidity worldwide with higher rates found in resource-challenged countries. Conventional use of uterotonics such as oxytocin, prostaglandins, and medications to support coagulation, such as fibrinogen and tranexamic acid, are helpful but may not be sufficient to arrest life-threatening postpartum hemorrhage. Severe postpartum hemorrhage leads to an increased need for blood transfusions and the use of invasive techniques, such as intrauterine balloon tamponade, compression sutures, and arterial ligation, as advanced steps in the management cascade. In extreme cases where hemorrhage is resistant to these therapies, a hysterectomy may be necessary to avoid possible maternal death. Uterine packing with a chitosan-covered tamponade is an emerging tool in the armamentarium of the obstetrical team, especially when resources for advance surgical and other invasive options may be limited. Modified chitosan-impregnated gauze was originally described in the management of acute hemorrhage in the field of military medicine, combining the physiological antihemorrhaging effect of modified chitosan with a compression tamponade for the acute treatment of wound bleeding. The first described use in obstetrics was in 2012, showing that the chitosan-covered tamponade is an effective intervention to arrest ongoing therapy-resistant postpartum hemorrhage. Further studies showed a reduction in hysterectomies and blood transfusions. The method is, however, underreported and is not yet an established method used worldwide. To demonstrate the step-by-step application of the intrauterine chitosan-covered tamponade in the management of therapy-resistant postpartum hemorrhage, we have produced a teaching video to illustrate the important steps and techniques to optimize the effectiveness and safety of this novel intervention. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Metformin and Combined Oral Contraceptive Pills in the Management of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Context: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects more than 1 in 10 women. Objective: As part of the 2023 International PCOS Guidelines update, comparisons between combined oral contraceptive pills (COCP), metformin, and combination treatment were evaluated. Data Sources: Ovid Medline, Embase, PsycINFO, All EBM, and CINAHL were searched. Study Selection: Women with PCOS included in randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Data Extraction: We calculated mean differences and 95% CIs regarding anthropometrics, metabolic, and hyperandrogenic outcomes. Meta-analyses and quality assessment using GRADE were performed. Data Synthesis: The search identified 1660 publications; 36 RCTs were included. For hirsutism, no differences were seen when comparing metformin vs COCP, nor when comparing COCP vs combination treatment with metformin and COCP. Metformin was inferior on free androgen index (FAI) (7.08; 95% CI 4.81, 9.36), sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) (-118.61 nmol/L; 95% CI -174.46, -62.75) and testosterone (0.48 nmol/L; 95% CI 0.32, 0.64) compared with COCP. COCP was inferior for FAI (0.58; 95% CI 0.36, 0.80) and SHBG (-16.61 nmol/L; 95% CI -28.51, -4.71) compared with combination treatment, whereas testosterone did not differ. Metformin lowered insulin (-27.12 pmol/L; 95% CI -40.65, -13.59) and triglycerides (-0.15 mmol/L; 95% CI -0.29, -0.01) compared with COCP. COCP was inferior for insulin (17.03 pmol/L; 95% CI 7.79, 26.26) and insulin resistance (0.44; 95% CI 0.17, 0.70) compared with combination treatment. Conclusions: The choice of metformin or COCP treatment should be based on symptoms, noting some biochemical benefits from combination treatment targeting both major endocrine disturbances seen in PCOS (hyperinsulinemia and hyperandrogenism).  © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society.
Correlation between essential and toxic elements in maternal blood during early pregnancy and atrial septal defects/ventricular septal defects/patent ductus arteriosus in offspring; Background: Congenital heart defects (CHDs) are the most common congenital malformation in the world. Recent studies have found that essential and toxic trace element levels may play a crucial role in the risk of neonatal malformation. However, the relationships between element levels in early pregnancy and CHD risk among humans remain unclear. This study investigates the association between maternal essential element (copper [Cu], zinc [Zn], calcium [Ca], manganese [Mg] and iron [Fe]) and toxic element (lead [Pb] and cadmium [Cd]) levels during early pregnancy and CHDs. Methods: A hospital-based case–control study was conducted, including 181 cases and 218 controls. Eligible participants underwent antenatal examination during gestational weeks 11–14 and trace element levels were detected by the atomic absorption method. Multi-variable logistic regression was used to examine the associations between the level of maternal trace elements and CHD risks. Results: Higher levels of Ca in early pregnancy were associated with lower risk of ASD/VSD risks. Moreover, higher Fe, Pb, and Cd levels in the first trimester were associated with higher risks of all CHD and the subtypes risks, and the tests for trend were significant (all p <.05). The restricted cubic spline analysis showed that there was a nonlinear inverted u-shaped dose–response relationship between levels of Zn, Pb, and Cd in the first trimester and risk of CHDs (non-linearity test p <.05). Conclusions: A moderate increase in Zn and Ca levels and a decrease in Pb and Cd levels during early pregnancy are needed to reduce the incidence of CHDs in the Chinese population. © 2024 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
The evaluation of fetal interventricular septum with M-mode and spectral tissue Doppler imaging in gestational diabetes mellitus: A case-control study; Objectives: To demonstrate possible functional changes in the frequently affected fetal interventricular septum (IVS) with spectral tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) and M-mode imaging to compare gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and control groups. Methods: A total of 63 pregnant women with GDM, 30 on diet (A1 GDM) and 33 on treated with insulin (A2 GDM), and 63 healthy pregnant women randomly selected and matched to the case group in the control group were included. Results: The GDM fetuses had significantly thickened IVS, increased early diastole (E′), atrial contraction (A′), systole (S′), higher myocardial performance index (MPI′), prolonged isovolumetric relaxation time (IVRT′), shortened ejection time (ET′), and decreased septal annular plane systolic excursion (SAPSE) than the controls. The A2 GDM group fetuses had significantly thickened IVS, increased S′ and shortened ET′ than the A1 GDM group. In the GDM group, we found a significantly positive low correlation between glycated hemoglobin levels and maternal serum fasting glucose and one-hour postprandial glucose with fetal IVS thickness. We demonstrated a significantly negative low correlation between maternal serum one-hour postprandial glucose, glycated hemoglobin levels, and gestational weight gain with fetal IVS ET′. Conclusions: Fetal IVS diastolic and systolic functions were altered in the GDM group compared to controls, and systolic functions were altered in A2 GDM compared to A1 GDM. This may alert clinicians to possible cardiovascular diseases in the postnatal life, and early preventive strategies and long-term lifestyle changes may provide protection in fetuses with GDM.  © 2023 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Oral feeding challenges of infants of diabetic mothers; Objective: The presence of diabetes before or during pregnancy can increase perinatal mortality and morbidities. It is well known an infant of a diabetic mother (IDM) may experience complications such as macrosomia, hypoglycemia, respiratory distress syndrome, cardiac anomalies, and other abnormalities of organogenesis. Medical providers including physicians, nurses, and speech therapists have experienced challenges with helping IDMs orally feed. Challenges with oral feeding can lead to prolonged hospital stays and placement of supplemental feeding devices. The etiology of an IDM's oral feeding delays is not well understood and does not necessarily affect all infants. Study design: This descriptive review explores what is known about potential contributing factors to feeding difficulty in IDMs, including differences in infant behavior and swallowing mechanics. Results: Some IDMs are unable to maintain active alert states and have decreased autonomic regulation and motor control. Studies of sucking and swallowing demonstrate reduced sucking pressure, fewer sucking bursts, and slowing of esophageal sphincter function. Conclusion: The increasing prevalence of diabetes during pregnancy makes further investigations into the characteristics and trajectories of state, behavior, and oral feeding of IDMs imperative. 2024 Dietrich.
Factors Associated With Influenza Vaccination During Pregnancy: A Real-World Evidence-Based Study; Pregnant women are at increased risk of influenza-related complications. However, the rate of influenza vaccination among pregnant women in Taiwan is low. By analyzing real-world data in this study, we investigated the factors associated with influenza vaccination during pregnancy in Taiwan. This study was a cross-sectional study. We collected real-world data from 2 databases in Taiwan: the Birth Certificate Database and the National Health Insurance Research Database. The study population was pregnant between October 2014 and December 2016 in Taiwan. The multivariate logistic regression was performed to identify factors associated with influenza vaccination, including maternal sociodemographics, trimester, comorbidities, and health-care utilization. The vaccination rate of among pregnant women was 8.2%. Factors significantly associated with a high likelihood of influenza vaccination were age between 30 and 34 years (odds ratio [OR]: 1.14; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.10-1.19), second trimester (OR: 1.80; 95% CI: 1.75-1.85), income equal to or exceeding NT$ 38 201 (OR: 1.92; 95% CI: 1.86-1.99), hypertension (OR: 1.16; 95% CI: 1.05-1.29), cardiovascular disease (OR: 1.29; 95% CI: 1.17-1.42), autoimmune disease (OR: 1.47; 95% CI: 1.38-1.58), and chronic pulmonary disease (OR: 1.24; 95% CI: 1.18-1.31). A low level of urbanization, at least 1 hospitalization in the previous year, and the presence of pregnancy complications (eg, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and placenta previa) were associated with a lower likelihood rate of influenza vaccination. The influenza vaccination rate among pregnant women in Taiwan was low. Age, gestational age, income level, urbanization level, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, autoimmune disease, chronic pulmonary disease, and pregnancy complications may be associated with influenza vaccination among pregnant women. © The Author(s) 2024.
Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy and Pre-Pregnancy Hypertension with Subsequent Incident Venous Thromboembolic Events; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and pre-pregnancy hypertension contribute to maternal morbidity and mortality. We examined the association of HDP and pre-pregnancy hypertension with subsequent venous thromboembolic (VTE) events. The retrospective cohort study included 444,859 women with ≥1 live, singleton birth in South Carolina (2004–2016). Hospital and emergency department visit and death certificate data defined incident VTE, HDP, and pre-pregnancy hypertension. Birth certificate data also defined the exposures. Adjusted Cox proportional hazards methods modeled VTE events risk. Of the cohort, 2.6% of women had pre-pregnancy hypertension, 5.8% had HDP, 2.8% had both pre-pregnancy hypertension and HDP (both conditions), and 88.8% had neither condition. The risk of incident VTE events within one year of delivery was higher in women with HDP (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.62, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.15–2.29) and both conditions (HR = 2.32, 95% CI: 1.60–3.35) compared to those with neither condition as was the risk within five years for women with HDP (HR = 1.35, 95% CI: 1.13–1.60) and for women with both conditions (HR = 1.82, 95% CI: 1.50–2.20). One- and five-year risks did not differ in women with pre-pregnancy hypertension compared to women with neither condition. Compared to non-Hispanic White (NHW) women with neither condition, the incident VTE event risk was elevated within five years of delivery for NHW (HR = 1.29, 95% CI: 1.02–1.63; HR = 1.59, 95% CI: 1.16–2.17) and non-Hispanic Black (NHB; HR = 1.51, 95% CI: 1.16–2.96; HR = 2.08, 95% CI: 1.62–2.66) women with HDP and with both conditions, respectively, and for NHB women with pre-pregnancy hypertension (HR = 1.50, 95% CI: 1.09–2.07). VTE event risk was highest in women with HDP, and the event rates were higher in NHB women than in NHW women in the same exposure group. © 2024 by the authors.
Potential Mediators for Treatment Effects of Novel Diabetes Medications on Cardiovascular and Renal Outcomes: A Meta-Regression Analysis; BACKGROUND: Prior research suggests clinical effects of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1RAs) and sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT2is) are mediated by changes in glycated hemoglobin, body weight, systolic blood pressure, hematocrit, and urine albumin-creatinine ratio. We aimed to confirm these findings using a meta-analytic approach. METHODS AND RESULTS: We updated a systematic review of 9 GLP-1RA and 13 SGLT2i trials and summarized longitudinal mediator data. We obtained hazard ratios (HRs) for cardiovascular, renal, and mortality outcomes. We performed linear mixed-effects modeling of LogHRs versus changes in potential mediators and investigated differences in meta-regression associations among drug classes using interaction terms. HRs generally became more protective with greater glycated hemoglobin reduction among GLP-1RA trials, with average HR improvements of 20% to 30%, reaching statistical significance for major adverse cardiovascular events (ΔHR, 23%; P=0.02). Among SGLT2i trials, associations with HRs were not significant and differed from GLP1-RA trials for major adverse cardiovascular events (Pinteraction =0.04). HRs for major adverse cardiovascular events, myocardial infarction, and stroke became less efficacious (ΔHR, −15% to −34%), with more weight loss for SGLT2i but not for GLP-1RA trials (ΔHR, 4%−7%; Pinteraction <0.05). Among 5 SGLT2i trials with available data, HRs for stroke became less efficacious with larger increases in hematocrit (ΔHR, 123%; P=0.09). No changes in HRs by systolic blood pressure (ΔHR, −11% to 9%) and urine albumin-creatinine ratio (ΔHR, −1% to 4%) were found for any outcome. CONCLUSIONS: We confirmed increased efficacy findings for major adverse cardiovascular events with reduction in glycated hemoglobin for GLP1-RAs. Further research is needed on the potential loss of cardiovascular benefits with increased weight loss and hematocrit for SGLT2i. © 2024 The Authors.
Update on sex specific risk factors in cardiovascular disease; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death worldwide and accounts for roughly 1 in 5 deaths in the United States. Women in particular face significant disparities in their cardiovascular care when compared to men, both in the diagnosis and treatment of CVD. Sex differences exist in the prevalence and effect of cardiovascular risk factors. For example, women with history of traditional cardiovascular risk factors including hypertension, tobacco use, and diabetes carry a higher risk of major cardiovascular events and mortality when compared to men. These discrepancies in terms of the relative risk of CVD when traditional risk factors are present appear to explain some, but not all, of the observed differences among men and women. Sex-specific cardiovascular disease research—from identification, risk stratification, and treatment—has received increasing recognition in recent years, highlighting the current underestimated association between CVD and a woman's obstetric and reproductive history. In this comprehensive review, sex-specific risk factors unique to women including adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO), such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and newborn size for gestational age, as well as premature menarche, menopause and vasomotor symptoms, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and infertility will be discussed in full detail and their association with CVD risk. Additional entities including spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD), coronary microvascular disease (CMD), systemic autoimmune disorders, and mental and behavioral health will also be discussed in terms of their prevalence among women and their association with CVD. In this comprehensive review, we will also provide clinicians with a guide to address current knowledge gaps including implementation of a sex-specific patient questionnaire to allow for appropriate risk assessment, stratification, and prevention of CVD in women. 2024 Nguyen, Hurwitz, Sullivan, Saad, Kennedy and Sharma.
Fibrinogen as a potential diagnostic marker for prediction and evaluation of postpartum hemorrhage: a retrospective study; Objective: To investigate whether prenatal fibrinogen (FIB) or other related factors could be utilized to evaluate the risk of postpartum hemorrhage (PPH). Methods: A retrospective study was conducted in a database from January 2015 to December 2019. A total of 128 patients were enrolled and evaluated with FIB, in which 55 patients were assigned to low FIB and 73 in normal FIB. Results: According to the volume of blood loss, the mean of the low FIB group (<4 g/L) was markedly higher than that of the normal FIB group (≥4 g/L). Prenatal FIB was negatively correlated with PPH volume. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve results indicated that the value of prenatal FIB was 0.701 to predict refractory PPH. Conclusions: Prenatal FIB was significantly related to thrombin time (TT), which may be an independent factor to predict the coagulation state of prenatal pregnancy. © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Significance of cervical secretion culture in predicting maternal and fetal outcome in pregnant women with premature rupture of membranes: a retrospective cohort study; Background: To investigate the clinical value of cervical secretion culture in pregnant women with premature rupture of membranes (PROM) in predicting maternal and fetal outcomes. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed clinical records of pregnant women who underwent obstetric examination and delivered in Fujian Maternal and Child Healthcare from December 2013 to December 2016. Pregnant women with a clear diagnosis of PROM, who underwent cervical secretion culture immediately after hospital admission were selected for the study. The primary outcome was the occurrence of chorioamnionitis. The secondary outcome was neonatal admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Correlation between maternal and fetal outcomes and the results of the cervical secretion culture was analyzed by one-way analysis and multifactorial analysis, respectively. The predictive efficacy of cervical secretion culture was evaluated using receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC), area under the curve (AUC) and the integrated discrimination improvement (IDI). Results: A total of 7,727 pregnant women with PROM were included in the study. Of them, 1812 had positive cervical secretion cultures (635 positive for mycoplasma infection, 475 for bacterial, 637 for fungal, and 65 for chlamydial infections). Pregnant women with positive mycoplasma and bacterial cultures had higher rates of developing chorioamnionitis compared to women with negative cervical secretion cultures (9%, 12% vs. 1%, respectively). Similarly, positive mycoplasma and bacterial cultures were associated with higher rate of the preterm (before 34 weeks) labor (3%, 3% vs. 1% in women with negative cultures, respectively), and neonatal admission to the NICU (9%, 11% vs. 7%, respectively). After adjusting for various confounding factors, our analysis demonstrated that a positive cervical secretion culture for mycoplasma or bacterial pathogens remained an independent risk factor for chorioamnionitis. Cervical secretion culture outcome was less effective in predicting chorioamnionitis (AUC 0.569) compared to white blood count (WBC) (AUC 0.626) and C-reactive protein (CRP) levels (AUC 0.605). The IDI of the combined predictive model incorporating WBC, CRP, maternal fever and cervical secretion culture results was 0.0029. Conclusion: Positive cervical secretion cultures, especially for mycoplasma and bacteria, are associated with higher incidence of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. However, the predictive value of this test is poor, and cannot be efficiently used for predicting chorioamnionitis. Copyright © 2024 Wang, Xiu, Zhong, Wang, Fang, Lin and Huang.
Advances in Mass Spectrometry-Based Blood Metabolomics Profiling for Non-Cancer Diseases: A Comprehensive Review; Blood metabolomics profiling using mass spectrometry has emerged as a powerful approach for investigating non-cancer diseases and understanding their underlying metabolic alterations. Blood, as a readily accessible physiological fluid, contains a diverse repertoire of metabolites derived from various physiological systems. Mass spectrometry offers a universal and precise analytical platform for the comprehensive analysis of blood metabolites, encompassing proteins, lipids, peptides, glycans, and immunoglobulins. In this comprehensive review, we present an overview of the research landscape in mass spectrometry-based blood metabolomics profiling. While the field of metabolomics research is primarily focused on cancer, this review specifically highlights studies related to non-cancer diseases, aiming to bring attention to valuable research that often remains overshadowed. Employing natural language processing methods, we processed 507 articles to provide insights into the application of metabolomic studies for specific diseases and physiological systems. The review encompasses a wide range of non-cancer diseases, with emphasis on cardiovascular disease, reproductive disease, diabetes, inflammation, and immunodeficiency states. By analyzing blood samples, researchers gain valuable insights into the metabolic perturbations associated with these diseases, potentially leading to the identification of novel biomarkers and the development of personalized therapeutic approaches. Furthermore, we provide a comprehensive overview of various mass spectrometry approaches utilized in blood metabolomics research, including GC-MS, LC-MS, and others discussing their advantages and limitations. To enhance the scope, we propose including recent review articles supporting the applicability of GC×GC-MS for metabolomics-based studies. This addition will contribute to a more exhaustive understanding of the available analytical techniques. The Integration of mass spectrometry-based blood profiling into clinical practice holds promise for improving disease diagnosis, treatment monitoring, and patient outcomes. By unraveling the complex metabolic alterations associated with non-cancer diseases, researchers and healthcare professionals can pave the way for precision medicine and personalized therapeutic interventions. Continuous advancements in mass spectrometry technology and data analysis methods will further enhance the potential of blood metabolomics profiling in non-cancer diseases, facilitating its translation from the laboratory to routine clinical application. © 2024 by the authors.
The course of pregnancy and its outcomes in women who have suffered COVID-19; Introduction. Currently, there is little data on the peculiarities of the course of pregnancy and its outcomes in women who have under-gone COVID-19, depending on the time of infection and the severity of the disease. Objective. Assessment of the course and outcomes of pregnancy in patients who have had COVID-19 of varying severity at different gestation periods. Materials and methods. 152 birth histories of women who underwent COVID-19 during pregnancy were analyzed. All of them were not vaccinated. Subgroups were identified depending on the gestation period at the time of infection and the severity of the disease. Results. With the disease in the first trimester, COVID-19 was more often easy, and medium and severe forms were mainly found at the end of pregnancy. Diseases of the cardiovascular system and obesity are more often noted in the subgroup with a severe course of infection. The threat of premature birth, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes were more common in women who had overweight COVID-19, compared with the general population. The threat of premature birth and impaired placental function were more often observed in patients infected in the first trimester, compared with the subgroup of the third trimester. Premature birth occurred more often in women who had an infection in the first trimester easily or asymptomatically compared to those who had a moderate form of the disease in the third trimester. Among pregnant women who have had severe COVID-19, a high number of cases of delivery by caesarean section were noted. The main changes in the health status of children born to mothers who had COVID-19 were determined by their gestational age and complications of the gestational process. Conclusions. With the disease in the first trimester, COVID-19 was more often mild or asymptomatic. The severity of COVID-19 increased towards the end of pregnancy. The comorbid background of severe COVID-19 in pregnant women was obesity and cardiovascular diseases. Placental disorders and the threat of premature birth often complicated the course of pregnancy in women who had COVID-19 in the first trimester. Premature birth and delivery by caesarean section in patients who had COVID-19 during pregnancy were more common than in the general population. The data obtained confirm the benefits of vaccination of women during pregnancy planning and during it to reduce the risks to the health of mother and child. © 2024, Media Sphera Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Clinical effects of Cook® cervical ripening balloon on promoting cervical dilation for early termination of pregnancy in high-risk parturients.; We aimed to evaluate the clinical effects of oxytocin, misoprostol, controlled-release dinoprostone suppository, and Cook® cervical ripening balloon on early termination of pregnancy in high-risk parturients. Four hundred high-risk full-term parturients not in labor who were unsuitable for awaiting delivery and treated from May 2018 to July 2020 were divided into groups I-IV with a random number table (n=100). They received labor induction by oxytocin, misoprostol, controlled-release dinoprostone suppository, and Cook® cervical ripening balloon, respectively. The general data, cervical ripening effect, delivery outcome, delivery time, adverse reactions, and neonatal conditions were compared. The time from the beginning of labor induction to labor and duration of the first, third, and total stages of labor were shorter in group II-IV than in group I (p<0.05). The incidence rates of excessive uterine contraction in groups II and III were higher than those of groups I and IV, and the incidence rates of fetal distress in groups I-III exceeded that of group IV (p<0.05). The neonatal Apgar scores of groups III and IV were higher than those of groups I and II (p<0.05). Cook® cervical ripening can promote cervical maturation and shorten the labor induction time and stage of labor. © 2024, Instituto de Investigaciones Clinicas. All rights reserved.
Rule-based expert system for the diagnosis of maternal complications during pregnancy: For low resource settings; Objectives: Maternal complications are health challenges linked to pregnancy, encompassing conditions like gestational diabetes, maternal sepsis, sexually transmitted diseases, obesity, anemia, urinary tract infections, hypertension, and heart disease. The diagnosis of common pregnancy complications is challenging due to the similarity in signs and symptoms with general pregnancy indicators, especially in settings with scarce resources where access to healthcare professionals, diagnostic tools, and patient record management is limited. This paper presents a rule-based expert system tailored for diagnosing three prevalent maternal complications: preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and maternal sepsis. Methods: The risk factors associated with each disease were identified from various sources, including local health facilities and literature reviews. Attributes and rules were then formulated for diagnosing the disease, with a Mamdani-style fuzzy inference system serving as the inference engine. To enhance usability and accessibility, a web-based user interface has been also developed for the expert system. This interface allows users to interact with the system seamlessly, making it easy for them to input relevant information and obtain accurate disease diagnose. Results: The proposed expert system demonstrated a 94% accuracy rate in identifying the three maternal complications (preeclampsia, GDM, and maternal sepsis) using a set of risk factors. The system was deployed to a custom-designed web-based user interface to improve ease of use. Conclusions: With the potential to support health services provided during antenatal care visits and improve pregnant women's health outcomes, this system can be a significant advancement in low-resource setting maternal healthcare. © The Author(s) 2024.
Impact of adverse pregnancy outcomes on brain vascular health and cognition; A State of the Art lecture titled “Impact of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes on Brain Vascular Health and Cognition” was presented at the International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis Congress in 2023. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, encompassing conditions such as gestational hypertension, eclampsia, preeclampsia, preterm birth, fetal growth restriction, stillbirth, and gestational diabetes, may form part of an underrecognized pathway from early adulthood reproductive health factors to later-life vascular cognitive impairment and dementia in women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes are caused by dysregulated vascular and metabolic adaptations during pregnancy, and these pathophysiological changes may persist after delivery. Adverse pregnancy outcomes may contribute to the increased risk of cognitive impairment and dementia directly through vascular and metabolic dysregulation and subsequent development of cardiovascular diseases, or other biological processes may be at play, such as shared maternal risk factors. Extensive epidemiologic evidence has shown that many cognitive impairment and dementia cases may be prevented or delayed by strategies targeting midlife cardiovascular health. Despite the recognized importance of adverse pregnancy outcomes for cardiovascular health, the literature on associated long-term health outcomes is limited. In this State of the Art review article, we summarize the current epidemiologic evidence on the relationship between adverse pregnancy outcomes and cognitive impairment and dementia and provide an overview of the potential pathophysiological mechanisms. Finally, we summarize relevant new data on this topic presented during the 2023 International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis Congress. © 2024 The Authors
Overcoming clozapine’s adverse events: a narrative review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses; Introduction: Clozapine is the gold standard treatment for treatment-resistant schizophrenia, however adverse events remain a clinical challenge. Areas covered: This review presents a narrative synthesis of systematic reviews and meta-analyses that have reported the onset, incidence, prevalence, and management of clozapine’s adverse events. We conducted a systematic literature search using PubMed, Embase, PsycINFO, OvidMEDLINE, CINAHL, and the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews from inception to April 2024. Expert opinion: Effective management of clozapine’s adverse events necessitates multi-faceted, individualized, and shared-decision strategies. Despite a lack of high-quality systematic evidence, expert inter-disciplinary solutions are provided to help address a critical need for clinical guidance. This 35-year update offers an evidence-based framework to assist clinicians, patients, and caregivers navigate the adverse events associated with clozapine therapy. © 2024 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Establishment of a Latin American dataset to enable the construction of gestational weight gain charts for adolescents; Gestational weight gain is an important indicator for monitoring nutritional status during pregnancy. However, there are no gestational weight gain references created for adolescents or national datasets to enable the construction of such graphs up to date. This manuscript aims to describe the creation of a Latin American dataset to construct gestational weight gain references for adolescents aged 10–19 years old. Gestational weight gain data from studies conducted in nine countries (Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, and Uruguay) collected between 2003 and 2021 were harmonized. Data on height, weight, and gestational age in at least two gestational trimesters were included. Pregnant adolescents should be free of diseases that could affect weight, and newborns should weigh between 2,500–4,000 g and be free of congenital malformations. The final dataset included 6,414 individuals after data cleaning. Heterogeneity between the countries was assessed by calculating standardized site differences for GWG and z scores of height-for-age. Several imputation procedures were tested, and approximately 10% of the first-trimester weights were imputed. The prevalence of individuals with underweight (1.5%) and obesity (5.3%) was low, which may lead to problems when modeling the curves for such BMI categories. Maternal height and gestational weight gain did not show significant differences by country, according to the standardized site differences. A harmonized dataset of nine countries with imputed data in the first trimester of pregnancy was prepared to construct Latin American gestational weight gain curves for adolescents. © 2024 Public Library of Science. All rights reserved.
How Informal Carers Support Video Consulting in Physiotherapy, Heart Failure, and Cancer: Qualitative Study Using Linguistic Ethnography; Background: Informal carers play an important role in the everyday care of patients and the delivery of health care services. They aid patients in transportation to and from appointments, and they provide assistance during the appointments (eg, answering questions on the patient’s behalf). Video consultations are often seen as a way of providing patients with easier access to care. However, few studies have considered how this affects the role of informal carers and how they are needed to make video consultations safe and feasible. Objective: This study aims to identify how informal carers, usually friends or family who provide unpaid assistance, support patients and clinicians during video consultations. Methods: We conducted an in-depth analysis of the communication in a sample of video consultations drawn from 7 clinical settings across 4 National Health Service Trusts in the United Kingdom. The data set consisted of 52 video consultation recordings (of patients with diabetes, gestational diabetes, cancer, heart failure, orthopedic problems, long-term pain, and neuromuscular rehabilitation) and interviews with all participants involved in these consultations. Using Linguistic Ethnography, which embeds detailed analysis of verbal and nonverbal communication in the context of the interaction, we examined the interactional, technological, and clinical work carers did to facilitate video consultations and help patients and clinicians overcome challenges of the remote and video-mediated context. Results: Most patients (40/52, 77%) participated in the video consultation without support from an informal carer. Only 23% (12/52) of the consultations involved an informal carer. In addition to facilitating the clinical interaction (eg, answering questions on behalf of the patient), we identified 3 types of work that informal carers did: facilitating the use of technology; addressing problems when the patient could not hear or understand the clinician; and assisting with physical examinations, acting as the eyes, ears, and hands of the clinician. Carers often stayed in the background, monitoring the consultation to identify situations where they might be needed. In doing so, copresent carers reassured patients and helped them conduct the activities that make up a consultation. However, carers did not necessarily help patients solve all the challenges of a video consultation (eg, aiming the camera while laying hands on the patient during an examination). We compared cases where an informal carer was copresent with cases where the patient was alone, which showed that carers provided an important safety net, particularly for patients who were frail and experienced mobility difficulties. Conclusions: Informal carers play a critical role in making video consultations safe and feasible, particularly for patients with limited technological experience or complex needs. Guidance and research on video consulting need to consider the availability and work done by informal carers and how they can be supported in providing patients access to digital health care services. ©Lucas Martinus Seuren, Sara Shaw.
The progress of clinical research on the detection of 1,5-anhydroglucitol in diabetes and its complications; 1,5-Anhydroglucitol (1,5-AG) is sensitive to short-term glucose fluctuations and postprandial hyperglycemia, which has great potential in the clinical application of diabetes as a nontraditional blood glucose monitoring indicator. A large number of studies have found that 1,5-AG can be used to screen for diabetes, manage diabetes, and predict the perils of diabetes complications (diabetic nephropathy, diabetic cardiovascular disease, diabetic retinopathy, diabetic pregnancy complications, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, etc.). Additionally, 1,5-AG and β cells are also associated with each other. As a noninvasive blood glucose monitoring indicator, salivary 1,5-AG has much more benefit for clinical application; however, it cannot be ignored that its detection methods are not perfect. Thus, a considerable stack of research is still needed to establish an accurate and simple enzyme assay for the detection of salivary 1,5-AG. More clinical studies will also be required in the future to confirm the normal reference range of 1,5-AG and its role in diabetes complications to further enhance the blood glucose monitoring system for diabetes. Copyright © 2024 Xu, Pan and Chen.
Effects of perinatal disease activity on offspring’s growth in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus; Introduction: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is a prototypic autoimmune disorder with a variable clinical course, ranging from mild to severe forms. It mainly occurs in women, especially those of fertile age. The aim of the study was to systematically analyze the associations of perinatal disease activity with adverse outcomes of Chinese patients with SLE and their offspring. Material and methods: Data of prenatal SLE patients and healthy pregnant woman admitted to our hospital during the period October 2001 to January 2018 were retrospectively collected, and the status of offspring of SLE patients was followed up in March 2020. Disease activity was evaluated by SLE disease activity index 2000 (SLEDAI-2k), and those with scores > 6 were defined as having active disease. Results: In total, 198 deliveries of 194 SLE patients and 199 deliveries of healthy women were documented. Maternal and fetal adverse outcomes occurred in 74 (37.4%) and 90 (45.5%) deliveries of SLE patients, respectively, which were significantly higher than those of healthy subjects. Among SLE patients, the active group had higher rates of gestational hypertension (p < 0.001), preeclampsia/eclampsia (p < 0.001), low birth weight (p < 0.001), premature birth (p < 0.001) and fetal growth restriction (FGR) (p < 0.01) than the inactive group. Multivariate logistic analysis revealed that perinatal renal activity was associated with gestational hypertension (OR = 4.43, p < 0.001), preeclampsia/ eclampsia (OR = 9.14, p < 0.001), low birth weight (OR = 2.24, p < 0.05) and premature birth (OR = 4.20, p < 0.001). Compared with the general population, offspring of SLE patients had relatively high rates of eczema (50/142, 35.2%) and congenital heart disease (6/142, 4.2%), which were irrelevant to perinatal disease activity, but related to specific antibodies. Conclusions: For perinatal women with SLE, renal activity is associated with a variety of adverse pregnancy outcomes. However, maternal perinatal disease activity does not seem to affect the growth of their offspring. Copyright © 2022 Termedia & Banach.
Do maternal haemodynamics have a causal influence on treatment for gestational diabetes?; Background: Arterial stiffening is believed to contribute to the worsening of insulin resistance, and factors which are associated with needing pharmacological treatment of gestational diabetes (GDM), such as maternal obesity or advanced age, are associated with impaired cardiovascular adaptation to pregnancy. In this observational study, we aimed to investigate causal relationships between maternal haemodynamics and treatment requirement amongst women with GDM. Methods: We assessed maternal haemodynamics in women with GDM, comparing those who remained on dietary treatment with those who required pharmacological management. Maternal haemodynamics were assessed using the Arteriograph® (TensioMed Ltd, Budapest, Hungary) and the NICOM® non-invasive bio-reactance method (Cheetah Medical, Portland, Oregon, USA). A graphical causal inference technique was used for statistical analysis. Results: 120 women with GDM were included in the analysis. Maternal booking BMI was identified as having a causative influence on treatment requirement, with each unit increase in BMI increasing the odds of needing metformin and/or insulin therapy by 12% [OR 1.12 (1.02 − 1.22)]. The raw values of maternal heart rate (87.6 ± 11.7 vs. 92.9 ± 11.90 bpm, p = 0.014) and PWV (7.8 ± 1.04 vs. 8.4 ± 1.61 m/s, p = 0.029) were both significantly higher amongst the women requiring pharmacological management, though these relationships did not remain significant in causal logistic regression. Conclusions: Maternal BMI at booking has a causal, rather than simply associational, relationship on the need for pharmacological treatment of GDM. No significant causal relationships were found between maternal haemodynamics and the need for pharmacological treatment. © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Maternal Cardiac Function in Pregnancies with Metabolic Disorders; The obesity epidemic is growing and poses significant risks to pregnancy. Metabolic impairment can be associated with short- and long-term maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. The cardiovascular implications are known in those with metabolic disorder outside of pregnancy; however, little is known of the cardiac function in pregnancies complicated by obesity. Maternal cardiac adaptation plays a vital role in normal pregnancy and is known to be involved in the pathophysiology of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Bariatric surgery is the most successful treatment for sustainable weight loss and pre-pregnancy bariatric surgery can drastically change the maternal metabolic profile and pregnancy outcomes. In this review, we discuss the available evidence on maternal cardiac function in pregnancies affected by obesity and its associated consequences of gestational diabetes and hypertension (chronic and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy), as well as pregnancies following bariatric surgery. © The Author(s) 2024.
Fetal endothelial colony-forming cells: Possible targets for prevention of the fetal origins of adult diseases; Endothelial colony-forming cells (ECFCs), a subset of circulating and resident endothelial progenitor cells, are capable of self-renewal and de novo vessel formation, and are known key regulators of vascular integrity and homeostasis. Numerous studies have found that exposure to hostile environment during the fetal development exerts a profound influence on the level and function of ECFCs, which may be the underlying factor linking endothelial dysfunction to cardiovascular disease of the offspring in later life. Herein, we focus on the latest findings regarding the effects of pregnancy-related disorders on the frequency and function of fetal ECFCs. Subsequently, we discuss about placental ECFCs and put forward some details that should be paid attention to in the process of ECFC isolation and culture. Overall, the information presented in this review highlight the potential of ECFCs as a future biomarker or even therapeutic targets for the pregnancy-related adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Maternal self-reported polycystic ovary syndrome with offspringãnd maternal cardiometabolic outcomes; STUDY QUESTION: Do children born to mothers with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) haveãnãdverse cardiometabolic profile includingãrterial stiffnessãt 9 years ofãge compared to other children? SUMMARY ANSWER: Children of mothers with PCOS did not have differing cardiometabolic outcomes than children without exposure. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: While women with PCOS themselves have higher risk of cardiometabolic conditions suchãs obesityãnd diabetes, the evidence on intergenerational impact is unclear. Given in utero sequalae of PCOS (e.g. hyperandrogenism, insulin resistance), the increased risk could be to both boysãnd girls. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: The Upstate KIDS cohort isã population-based birth cohort established in 2008-2010 to prospectively study the impact of infertility treatment on children's health. After ∼10 years of follow-up, 446 mothersãnd their 556 childrenãttended clinical visits to measure blood pressure (BP), heart rate,ãrterial stiffness by pulse wave velocity (PWV), meanãrterial pressure, lipids, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c),ãndãnthropometrics. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Women self-reported ever diagnoses of PCOS ∼4 monthsãfter delivery of their children in 2008-2010. Linear regression modelsãpplying generalized estimating equations toãccount for correlation within twins were used to examineãssociations with each childhood cardiometabolic outcome. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: In this cohort with women oversampled on infertility treatment, ∼14% of women reportedã PCOS diagnosis (n=61). We observed similarities in BP, heart rate, PWV, lipids, hsCRP, HbA1c,ãndãnthropometry (P-values >0.05)ãmong children born to mothers withãnd without PCOS. Associations did not differ by child sex. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: The sample size of women with PCOS precluded further separation of subgroups (e.g. by hirsutism). The population-basedãpproach relied on self-reported diagnosis of maternal PCOS even though self-report has been found to be valid. Participants were predominantly non-Hispanic Whiteãndã high proportion were using fertility treatment due to the original design. Differences in cardiometabolic health may beãpparent later inãge, suchãsãfter puberty. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Our results provide some reassurance that cardiometabolic factors do not differ in children of women withãnd without self-reported PCOS during pregnancy. © 2024 Oxford University Press. All rights reserved.
Gestational Weight Gain, Pregnancy Related Complications and the Short-Term Risks for the Offspring; Background and objectives: Maternal obesity influences pregnancy course in several different manners, and imbalanced nutrition during pregnancy may lead to various adverse pregnancy outcomes. Additionally, nutritional status during pregnancy may have implications for the health of the offspring and may possibly influence early motor development in children. The aim of this study was to assess the impact of excessive gestational weight gain (EGWG) on pregnancy outcomes and infant’s motor development within the first twelve months of life. Materials and methods: The study included 200 participants divided in two groups based on their gestational weight gain. Maternal, perinatal, and neonatal factors were analyzed, and early motor development was assessed using the Alberta infant motor scale (AIMS). Results: EGWG was significantly associated with: pre-pregnancy BMI (p < 0.001), family history for cardiovascular diseases (p = 0.013) and diabetes mellitus (p = 0.045), hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (p = 0.003), gestational diabetes mellitus (p < 0.001), gestational anemia (p = 0.001), vitamin D deficiency (p = 0.001), metformin use (p = 0.045), pre-labor premature rupture of membranes (p = 0.031), amniotic fluid index (p = 0.047), and APGAR score in the first five min of life (p = 0.007). Scored by AIMS, EGWG was significantly associated with parameters of early motor development at the age of three AIMS total (p < 0.001), six AIMS total (p < 0.001), nine AIMS total (p < 0.001), and twelve AIMS total (p < 0.001) months of infant’s life. Conclusions: The link between EGWG and adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes in offspring is a complex and multifaceted issue. Our results imply significant alterations in early motor development in the group of infants born from mothers who gained weight excessively during pregnancy. Further studies are needed to unravel the intricacies of this relationship and inform strategies for preventive interventions and supportive care during pregnancy and infancy. © 2024 by the authors.
Exploring Innovative Approaches in Type-2 Diabetes Management: A Comprehensive Review on Nano-carriers and Transdermal Drug Delivery; Diabetes is a chronic metabolic disorder characterized by elevated blood sugar levels and encompasses various types like type 1, type 2, gestational, and prediabetes. This review delves into the intricacies of type-2 diabetes mellitus and its ideal management. Presently, a spectrum of herbal and synthetic drugs is employed for type-2 diabetes mellitus management. We gathered information about diabetes mellitus from articles published up to 2024 and listed in PubMed, Web of Science, Elsevier, Google Scholar, and similar databases. The keywords used in our search included “diabetes”, “herbal drugs”, “nano-carriers”, “transdermal drug delivery”, etc. By carefully analyzing the research on type-2 diabetes-mellitus, it was found that there is an increase in diabetes-based research, which can be demonstrated by contemplating the PubMed search engine results using transdermal delivery for type-2 diabetes-mellitus as a keyword. The oral consumption of these drugs is associated with numerous side effects, including obesity, pancreatic cancer, and hormonal imbalances. To surmount these challenges, the utilization of nano-carriers and transdermal drug delivery systems emerges as a promising avenue aiming to enhance the therapeutic efficacy of drugs. Nano-carriers represent a revolutionary approach, integrating cutting-edge technologies, inventive strategies, and methodologies to deliver active molecules in concentrations that are both safe and effective, thereby eliciting the desired pharmacological response. This review critically examines the constraints associated with traditional oral administration of anti-diabetic drugs and underscores the manifold initiatives undertaken to revolutionize drug delivery. This review focuses on the limitations associated with the conventional oral administration of anti-diabetic drugs and the many initiatives made so far for the effective and safe delivery of drugs using innovative constituents and techniques. © 2024 Bentham Science Publishers.
A Review from a Clinical Perspective: Recent Advances in Biosensors for the Detection of L-Amino Acids; The field of biosensors is filled with reports and designs of various sensors, with the vast majority focusing on glucose sensing. However, in addition to glucose, there are many other important analytes that are worth investigating as well. In particular, L-amino acids appear as important diagnostic markers for a number of conditions. However, the progress in L-amino acid detection and the development of biosensors for L-amino acids are still somewhat insufficient. In recent years, the need to determine L-amino acids from clinical samples has risen. More clinical data appear to demonstrate that abnormal concentrations of L-amino acids are related to various clinical conditions such as inherited metabolic disorders, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes, muscle damage, etc. However, to this day, the diagnostic potential of L-amino acids is not yet fully established. Most likely, this is because of the difficulties in measuring L-amino acids, especially in human blood. In this review article, we extensively investigate the ‘overlooked’ L-amino acids. We review typical levels of amino acids present in human blood and broadly survey the importance of L-amino acids in most common conditions which can be monitored or diagnosed from changes in L-amino acids present in human blood. We also provide an overview of recent biosensors for L-amino acid monitoring and their advantages and disadvantages, with some other alternative methods for L-amino acid quantification, and finally we outline future perspectives related to the development of biosensing devices for L-amino acid monitoring. © 2023 by the authors.
An in vitro Model to Study Placental Functions in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a serious pregnancy complication that affects around 14 % of pregnancies worldwide. It not only causes short-term complications in the mother and child but also significantly increases the risks of several chronic diseases, including cardiovascular diseases and diabetes. An excess production of the soluble vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptor 1 in the placenta, which is a natural inhibitor of VEGF, has been linked to various pregnancy complications. However, placentas affected by GDM often exhibit increased vascularization, suggesting that the role of VEGF in GDM differs from its impact on typical pregnancy complications. Unfortunately, limited studies on placental functions in GDM have been conducted due to a lack of reliable culture models. Methods: In this study, we developed an in vitro model of GDM using the human choriocarcinoma trophoblast cell line BeWo and examined the effects of VEGF on glucose uptake. The BeWo cells were treated with a high glucose-containing (25 mM) syncytialization differentiation medium to produce insulin-resistant cells. Insulin resistance was assessed by a glucose uptake assay using the fluorescent glucose analog 2-NBDG and flow cytometry analysis. Results: The cells treated with high glucose exhibited a significant decrease in glucose uptake, suggesting the successful development of glucose resistance in these cells. However, VEGF treatment did not show a significant impact on glucose uptake in high glucose-treated cells. Conclusions: It is important to note that glucose homeostasis is a complex process involving multiple cell types, and further studies are necessary to fully understand the functions of VEGF on GDM placentas. Nevertheless, the in vitro model we have developed and validated will be a valuable tool for studying placental pathophysiology in GDM and evaluating the effectiveness of potential therapeutic agents. © 2024, Walailak University. All rights reserved.
Quality Concerns of Lip Care Cosmetics and Applicable Regulatory Framework: Need for a Harmonized Cosmetovigilance Programme; Cosmetics still have a glitzy attraction, but the public is increasingly concerned about their toxicity. Since 2500 BC, one way of enhancing the beauty of lips has been using lipstick compositions. Lip care cosmetic product usually contains emollients, waxes, texturing agents, preservatives, and oils. Women apply lipstick two to several times per day, according to the researchers. In terms of substance exposure, that translates as consuming or holding onto approximately 87 mg of lipstick every day. It has been shown to contain trace amounts of heavy metals such as Cd, Cr, Cu, Co, Ni and Pb. Cosmetics either contain trace levels of these harmful metals on purpose or as impurities in the raw materials. Long-term exposure to these chemicals can pose serious risks to human health, most notably skin cancer. Mineral pigments, which are frequently used to make lipstick, cause products to get contaminated with heavy metals. So, there is necessity for stringent regulation of cosmetics in a harmonized way. It is crucial to regulate this business to safeguard consumers and society. This review article provides an overview of the many regulations that apply to cosmetics across the world as well as suggestions regarding the same. © 2024, Association of Pharmaceutical Teachers of India. All rights reserved.
The Impact of a Lifestyle Intervention on Postpartum Cardiometabolic Risk Factors Among Hispanic Women With Abnormal Glucose Tolerance During Pregnancy: Secondary Analysis of a Randomized Trial; BACKGROUND: Women with abnormal glucose tolerance during pregnancy are at risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD), with higher rates among Hispanics. However, studies on the impact of lifestyle interventions on postpartum CVD profiles are sparse. METHODS: This is a secondary analysis of a controlled trial among a subsample of Hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance participating in Estudió PARTO (Project Aiming to Reduce Type twO diabetes; mean age = 28.2 y, SD: 5.8) who were randomized to a culturally modified Lifestyle intervention (n = 45) or a comparison Health and Wellness intervention (n = 55). Primary endpoints were biomarkers of cardiovascular risk (lipids, C-reactive protein, fetuin-A, and albumin-to-creatinine ratio) and insulin resistance (fasting insulin, glucose, HbA1c, homeostasis model assessment, leptin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and adiponectin) measured at baseline (6-wk postpartum) and 6 and 12 months. RESULTS: In intent-to-treat analyses, there were no significant differences in changes in biomarkers of CVD risk or insulin resistance over the postpartum year. In prespecified sensitivity analyses, women adherent with the Lifestyle Intervention had more favorable improvements in insulin (intervention effect = -4.87, SE: 1.93, P = .01) and HOMA-IR (intervention effect = -1.15, SE: 0.53, P = .03) compared with the Health and Wellness arm. In pooled analyses, regardless of intervention arm, women with higher postpartum sports/exercise had greater increase in HDL-cholesterol (intervention effect = 6.99, SE: 1.72, P = .0001). CONCLUSIONS: In this randomized controlled trial among Hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance, we did not observe a significant effect on postpartum biomarkers of CVD risk or insulin resistance. Women adherent to the intervention had more favorable changes in insulin and HOMA-IR.
Insulin resistance: Risk factors, diagnostic approaches and mathematical models for clinical practice, epidemiological studies, and beyond; Insulin resistance (IR) is a multifactorial metabolic disorder associated with the development of cardiometabolic syndrome, cardiovascular diseases and obesity. Factors such as inflammation, hyperinsulinemia, hyperglucagonemia, mitochondrial dysfunction, glucotoxicity and lipotoxicity contribute to the development of IR. Despite being extensively studied for over 60 years, assessing the incidence of IR, developing effective prevention strategies, and implementing appropriate therapeutic approaches remain challenging. This review explores the multifaceted nature of IR, including its association with various conditions such as obesity, primary hypertension, dyslipidemia, obstructive sleep apnea, Alzheimer's disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, chronic kidney disease and cancer. Additionally, we discuss the complexity of diagnosing and quantifying IR, emphasizing the lack of absolute, common criteria for classification. We delve into the use of mathematical models in clinical and epidemiological studies, focusing on the choice between insulin, triglycerides, or waist-to-hip ratio as IR determinants. Furthermore, we highlight the importance of reliable input data and caution in interpreting results when utilizing mathematical models for IR assessment. This narrative review aims to provide insights into the challenges and considerations involved in conducting IR diagnostics, with implications for clinical practice, epidemiological research, and future advancements in this field. © 2023 Nalecz Institute of Biocybernetics and Biomedical Engineering of the Polish Academy of Sciences
Analysis of the performance of health services in a group of vulnerable municipalities; This work was a descriptive study that analyzed the performance of health services in 112 municipalities (g100) characterized by more than 80,000 inhabitants, low public revenue, and socioeconomic vulnerability. Based on the Proje-to de Avaliação de Desempenho do Sistema de Saúde, 31 indicators of funding, resources, access, effectiveness, acceptability, and appropriateness were selected for the period of 2017-2020, and were compared to the variations of each year’s indicators year on year. In 2020, an increase in funding, especially SUS transfers (31.6%), was observed. The availability of hospital beds had been decreasing between 2017 and 2019, but began to increase again in 2020; likewise, the availability of health professionals also showed a slight increase. A decline was observed in cervi-cal and breast cancer screening exams of nearly 40% (2020), as well as a decrease in surgical pro-cedures, such as cataracts and angioplasties. The hospitalizations due to conditions manageable by primary care were 15.8% in 2020, 14.1% lower than in 2019. A 55.8% increase in mortality due to diabetes and greater tuberculosis treatment non-adherence was also observed. The pandemic context calls for caution when interpreting results, which highlight access barriers and post-ponements of proper health care. © 2024, Associacao Brasileira de Pos - Graduacao em Saude Coletiva. All rights reserved.
Dendrobine: A neuroprotective Sesquiterpenic Alkaloid for the Prevention and Treatment of Diseases: A Review; A sesquiterpenic alkaloid dendrobine is the major bioactive compound extracted from Dendrobium nobile Lindl. This compound was structurally very similar to picrotoxinin (neurotoxin) containing bicyclic or tricyclic ring while dendrobine containing tetracyclic rings with up to 7 stere-ogenic centers showing numerous neuroprotective effects. Several sesquiterpenic alkaloids such as (+)-(1R,5R,6S,8R,9R)-8,12-dihydroxy-copacamphan-3-en-2-one, dendrobine, denrine B, (+)-(1R,2S,3R,4S,5R,6S,9R)-3,11,12-trihydroxypicrotoxane-2(15)-lactone, dendroxine B, nobilonine, 13-Hydroxy-14-oxodendrobine, 6-Hydroxy-nobilonine and (−)-(1S,2R,3S,4R,5S,6R,9S,12R)-3,11,13-trihydroxypicrotoxane-2(15)-lactone were isolated from D. nobile This comprehensive review summarizes the necessary information on the morphology, biochemistry and pharmacology of dendrobine. The phytochemical profile had potent in-vivo and in-vitro efficacy in neuroprotection, nerve function, memory enhancement, cognitive disorders, anxiety and depression, anti-oxidant, psychological conditions, increasing serotonin concentration in synapse anxiolytic, tranquilizing, anti-stress, neurodegenerative (Alzheimer’s disease and Parkinson), anti-inflammatory and analge-sic. The compound dendrobine activates neuro synapses, serotonergic synapse and signaling pathways during neurotransmission playing important role in Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson's disease, anxiety and long-term depression. © 2024 Bentham Science Publishers.
Gestational diabetes mellitus may predispose to metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease; The development of type 2 diabetes mellitus is a major contributing factor to the worldwide health burden of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). Insulin resistance, subclinical inflammation, dyslipidemia, obesity, and hypertension are all factors in this reciprocal interaction that contribute to the development of MASLD, which includes hepatocellular carcinoma, advanced fibrosis/cirrhosis, and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). A new risk factor for MASLD/NASH that affects the course of the disease independently throughout life is gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Women with a history of GDM had a higher chance of developing NASH, according to a recent study that used a large-scale database. Although the precise etiology is yet unknown, temporary disruption of pancreatic beta cell activity during pregnancy may set off systemic inflammation, affecting distant organs including the liver. Early screening and management strategies are crucial in mitigating MASLD progression and preventing adverse cardiovascular events in affected individuals. © The Author(s) 2024. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Female obesity increases the risk of preterm birth of single frozen-thawed euploid embryos: a retrospective cohort study; Introduction: Obesity has been associated with an increased risk of reproductive failure, especially preterm birth. As preimplantation genetic testing for aneuploidies (PGT-A) is increasingly used worldwide, however, it is still unclear whether body mass index (BMI) has an effect on the preterm birth rate in patients undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF) with PGT-A when transferring a single euploid blastocyst. Materials and methods: This retrospective, single-center cohort study included 851 women who underwent the first cycle of frozen-thawed single euploid blastocyst transfer with PGT-A between 2015 and 2020. The primary outcome was the preterm birth rate. Secondary outcomes were clinical pregnancy, miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy, pregnancy complications, and live birth. Results: Patients were grouped by World Health Organization (WHO) BMI class: underweight (<18.5, n = 81), normal weight (18.5–24.9, n = 637), overweight (25–30, n = 108), and obese (≥30, n = 25). There was no difference in the clinical pregnancy, miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy, pregnancy complication, and live birth by BMI category. In multivariate logistic regression analysis, preterm birth rates were significantly higher in women with overweight (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 3.18; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.29–7.80, p =.012) and obese (aOR 1.49; 95% CI, 1.03–12.78, p =.027) compared with the normal weight reference group. Conclusion: Women with obesity experience a higher rate of preterm birth after euploid embryo transfer than women with a normal weight, suggesting that the negative impact of obesity on IVF and clinical outcomes may be related to other mechanisms than aneuploidy. © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Challenges, risks, and opportunities of antiretroviral drugs in women of reproductive potential; Introduction: The HIV/AIDS epidemic has been one of the greatest challenges in global health, significantly affecting women of reproductive potential. Considerable advances in antiretroviral therapy for women living with HIV have contributed to improvements in quality of life, better reproductive and birth outcomes, and a reduced risk of perinatal transmission. Areas covered: Despite the progress made, persistent challenges in access and adherence to antiretroviral drugs may limit their benefits for some women. More pharmacokinetic and safety studies in pregnant and lactating women are urgently needed, as are prospective surveillance systems to evaluate associations between fetal and infant antiretroviral exposures, drug–drug interactions, and pregnancy outcomes. Expert opinion: Multipurpose technologies, such as combined HIV and other STI or unintended pregnancy prevention, and innovative delivery methods, such as the development of long-acting antiretrovirals, have the potential to reduce adherence challenges and enhance quality of life for women with HIV. Parallel advances in drug safety testing and surveillance are needed to ensure the health and safety of women with or at risk for HIV and children at risk for perinatal transmission. © 2024 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Prognostic Modeling of Diabetes Mellitus in Women: A comparitive analysis of Machine Learning algorithms integrating Clinical and Genetic Data; Diabetes is considered as one of the most commonly observed medical condition among human beings. Millions of people worldwide are affected by a chronic condition that goes by the name of diabetes. There are 3 sorts of diabetes and they comprise of Type 1, Type 2 and Gestational diabetes. Early prediction of diabetes helps to avoid complications like diabetic retinopathy which leads to blindness. There is a 13% higher risk of death among people with diabetes, especially in women, cardiovascular disease caused by diabetes attributes to 50% higher risk of death, coronary heart disease caused by diabetes contributes to a 58% higher risk of death. The proposed research work aims in predicting diabetes from the symptoms a patient exhibit. The proposed system is a healthcare assisting system which is accessible to patients as well as medical practitioners. The system is developed as a web application using the features of Django python framework along with suitable database management system. The system is powered with gradient boosting machine learning algorithm for predictions. By using the web application along with a blood test to find out the insulin levels and glucose levels in blood, any user can predict whether he/she would be affected by diabetes in future and can avoid the complications caused by diabetes. © 2024 IEEE.
Possibilities of cardiometabolic diseases prevention in women with pregnancy adverse outcomes in medical history; Obstetric complications and adverse pregnancy outcomes, including hypertensive abnormalities of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, premature birth, habitual abortion increase the risk of developing cardiovascular and metabolic diseases in women subsequently. The presence of these pregnancy outcomes in medical history should be a valid reason to assess cardiometa-bolic risk and to carry out primary prevention of cardiovascular diseases. An important issue is the modification of lifestyle since the postpartum period through the whole life. Lactation and breast feeding can also reduce cardiovascular risk in woman. An in-creasing number of scientific articles, manuals and guidelines on effective prevention and screening strategies of cardiometabol-ic diseases’ prevention after adverse pregnancy outcomes have been published in recent years. However, these guidelines are developed within standards of practice in developed countries and may often not be used in developing countries due to different conditions of health care system. Thus, several solutions aimed at reducing cardiometabolic risk in women with adverse pregnancy outcomes have been proposed for implementation in the health system. © 2024, Media Sphera Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
The effect of primrose on cardiovascular and physical health of women: A review and meta-analysis; Introduction & Background: Cardiovascular disease is on the agenda worldwide due to its many costs. This study aims to investigate the effects of evening primrose oil on women’s mental health. Methods: The search strategy of electronic databases included PubMed, Cochrane Library, Web of Science and Scopus. Original clinical trials from January 1, 2023 published in English were searched by two independent investigators in two stages. Results: Administration of vitamin D and EPO improves blood sugar and lipid profile in women with gestational diabetes. The level of LDL showed a statistically significant decrease in evening primrose compared to the control group in prediabetes postmenopausal women. However, the levels of FBS, HDL, TG and cholesterol did not change statistically. The use of vaginal EPO significantly improved the Bishop score in pregnant women and cervical dilatation before hysteroscopy. Evening primrose oil significantly reduced menopausal symptoms such as psychological symptoms and hot flashes. Sexual function and postpartum pain were significantly improved in patients receiving EPO. The effect of EPO and vitamin E in relieving breast pain was the same. The results of meta-analysis showed that evening primrose oil can significantly reduce the severity of periodic mastalgia compared to the control (-0.3 to-0.53: CI 95%) is-0.92, which is statistically significant has (p=0.01). Conclusion: EPO can be recommended as a safe and effective drug to improve cardiac function by controlling cholesterol and menopause symptoms, sexual function and postpartum complications, breast pain. Also, EPO improves blood sugar and lipid profile in women with gestational diabetes. © 2024, Venezuelan Society of Pharmacology and Clinical and Therapeutic Pharmacology. All rights reserved.
Risk factors analysis and multidisciplinary team first-aid simulation training for umbilical cord prolapse can improve neonatal outcomes; Objective: In the present study, we sought to identify risk factors for umbilical cord prolapse (UCP) and adapt the multidisciplinary team (MDT) first-aid simulation training for UCP patients. We evaluated the usefulness of the MDT first-aid simulation by comparing delivery outcomes for UCP patients before and after its implementation. Material and methods: A retrospective review was conducted on 149 UCP cases (48 overt and 101 occult) and 298 control deliveries that occurred at the Third Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen University from January 1998 to December 2022. Patient data were compared between the groups. One-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) was used for means comparison, and the chi-square test was used for categorical data. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed to identify factors significantly associated with UCP. Results: Overt UCP was strongly associated with all adverse delivery outcomes. Both univariate and multivariate analyses identified multiparity, breech presentation, polyhydramnios, and low birth weight as independent risk factors for overt UCP (all odds ratios [OR] > 1; all p < 0.05). Preterm labor and abnormal placental cord insertion were identified as independent risk factors for occult UCP (all OR > 1; all p < 0.05). After 2014, when obstetrical staff received MDT first-aid simulation training, patients with overt UCP experienced shorter decision-to-delivery intervals due to more timely cesarean sections. They also had higher Apgar scores at 1, 5, and 10 min, and lower admission rates to the neonatal intensive care unit compared to patients before 2014 (all p < 0.05). Conclusion: MDT first-aid simulation training for overt UCP can improve neonatal outcomes. However, medical simulation training efforts should initially focus on the early identification of risk factors for both overt and occult UCP. © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Vitamin D supplementation for cardiometabolic risk markers in pregnant women based on the gestational diabetes mellitus or obesity status : a randomized clinical trial; Purpose: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or obesity are vulnerable to impaired gestational cardiovascular health (CVH) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the future. It is unclear if prenatal vitamin D supplementation improves gestational CVH, especially in women at high risk for developing CVD. Our goal was to find out if vitamin D supplementation could protect against gestational CVH, including the women with GDM or obesity. Design: We randomly assigned women with a serum 25(OH)D concentration < 75 nmol/L to receive 1600 IU/d (intervention group) or 400 IU/d (control group) of vitamin D3 for two months at 24–28 weeks’ gestation. The primary outcome was gestational CVH marks (lipids, inflammatory cytokines, endothelial function). Results: There were 1537 participants divided into the intervention (N = 766) and control groups (N = 771). No baseline differences existed among study groups in CVH markers. At the two-month visit, the intervention group’s HDL-C levels (2.01 ± 0.39 VS 1.96 ± 0.39 mmol/L) were significantly higher than those of the control group, while the hs-CRP levels were significantly lower (3.28 ± 2.02 VS 3.64 ± 2.42 mg/L). Subgroup analysis found that HDL-C, TC, hs-CRP, E-Selectin, and SBP were improved in the intervention group among women with GDM or overweight/obesity, and the improvement was not found in women without GDM or overweight/obesity. Vitamin D supplementation significantly decreased the mean triglyceride-glucose index at the two-month visit in women with GDM. Conclusions: Vitamin D supplementation at mid-gestation might optimize the gestational CVH status for pregnant women, particularly the women with GDM or obesity, which is advantageous for later-life primary prevention of CVD. Clinical trial registration: The Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (ChiCTR2100051914, 10/9/2021, Prospective registered, https://www.chictr.org.cn/showproj.aspx?proj=134700). © Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.
The RhoA guanine exchange factor ABR: a glucose-sensitive mediator of actin reorganization in feto-placental arterial endothelial cells altered by gestational diabetes mellitus; Abstract: In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) programs the fetus, increasing offspring risk for endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease later in life. Hyperglycaemia is widely recognized as the driving force of diabetes-induced programming. We have previously shown that GDM exposure alters DNA methylation and gene expression associated with actin remodelling in primary feto-placental arterial endothelial cells (fpEC). Thus, we hypothesized that hyperglycaemic insults underlie programmed changes in fpEC morphology and actin organization by GDM. Therefore, arterial fpECs isolated after normal and GDM pregnancy, as well as normal fpECs that were exposed to hyperglycaemia in vitro, were analysed for the effect of GDM and hyperglycaemia on actin organization and network formation. Integration of gene expression and DNA methylation data identified the RhoA activator active BCR-related (ABR) as programmed by GDM and altered by in vitro hyperglycaemia. ABR silencing in GDM-exposed cells reduced RhoA activity by 34 ± 26% (P = 0.033) and restored normal fpEC phenotype. In fact, in vitro hyperglycaemia induced a similar fpEC phenotype as intrauterine exposure to GDM, i.e. round morphology and increased network formation on Matrigel by 34 ± 33% (P = 0.022) vs. 22 ± 20% for GDM (P = 0.004). Thus, we identified ABR as a novel glucose sensitive regulator of actin organization and cell shape, programmed by GDM and upregulated by hyperglycaemia. Identification of mechanisms induced by hyperglycaemia and affecting endothelial function in the long term will contribute to understanding GDM-induced programming of offspring endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease. Future studies could focus on investigating the prevention or reversal of such malprogramming. (Figure presented.). Key points: In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects future health of the offspring, with an increased risk for endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease in later life. GDM alters DNA methylation and expression of ABR in feto-placental arterial endothelial cells (fpEC), a model for endothelial cells exposed to the intrauterine environment of the fetus. GDM phenotype of fpECs is also induced by hyperglycaemia in vitro, and is characterized by altered actin organization and cell shape, which can be restored by ABR silencing. Revealing the cellular mechanisms induced by GDM and hyperglycaemia is important for understanding the mechanisms of how these conditions disturb endothelial function in the offspring. © 2024 The Authors. The Journal of Physiology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of The Physiological Society.
The role of lipid dysregulation in gestational diabetes mellitus: Early prediction and postpartum prognosis; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pathological condition during pregnancy characterized by impaired glucose tolerance, and the failure of pancreatic beta-cells to respond appropriately to an increased insulin demand. However, while the majority of women with GDM will return to normoglycemia after delivery, they have up to a seven times higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes during midlife, compared with those with no history of GDM. Gestational diabetes mellitus also increases the risk of multiple metabolic disorders, including non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases. Lipid metabolism undergoes significant changes throughout the gestational period, and lipid dysregulation is strongly associated with GDM and the progression to future type 2 diabetes. In addition to common lipid variables, discovery-based omics techniques, such as metabolomics and lipidomics, have identified lipid biomarkers that correlate with GDM. These lipid species also show considerable potential in predicting the onset of GDM and subsequent type 2 diabetes post-delivery. This review aims to update the current knowledge of the role that lipids play in the onset of GDM, with a focus on potential lipid biomarkers or metabolic pathways. These biomarkers may be useful in establishing predictive models to accurately predict the future onset of GDM and type 2 diabetes, and early intervention may help to reduce the complications associated with GDM. © 2023 The Authors. Journal of Diabetes Investigation published by Asian Association for the Study of Diabetes (AASD) and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
Neonatal Graves disease with persistent hypoglycemia: A case report; Neonatal Graves disease is the most common cause of hyperthyroidism during the newborn period. Maternal Graves disease increases the risk of intrauterine growth restriction, small for gestational age, and neonatal Graves disease. Intrauterine growth restriction and small for gestational age are associated with hypoglycemia and transient neonatal hyperinsulinism. Neonatal Graves disease with severe persistent hypoglycemia has not been well described. We present the case of a female patient born at 34 weeks and 3 days with a birth weight of 1.6 kg (fifth percentile) to a mother with recent treatment for Graves disease. Prenatal ultrasounds were significant for intrauterine growth restriction and small for gestational age. The mother did not begin hyperthyroidism medical therapy until 23 weeks and 2 days of gestation. After the infant was born, the infant not only had symptoms of hyperthyroidism such as tachycardia and abnormal thyroid values but also had persistent hypoglycemia, which could be due to maternal propranolol usage, prematurity, IUGR, increased metabolism due to neonatal Graves, and transient stress-induced hyperinsulinism. The infant was started on methimazole for hyperthyroidism and propranolol for tachycardia. She was also started on diazoxide for persistent hypoglycemia. By 6 months of age, the hyperthyroidism and hypoglycemia had resolved. This is an interesting case of neonatal Graves disease with severe persistent hypoglycemia which we suspect is due to transient neonatal hyperinsulinism induced by multiple stress responses. © The Author(s) 2024.
Interleukin-38 and Insulin Resistance; Insulin resistance, i.e., decreased biological response to insulin, is a risk factor for many diseases, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), cardiovascular disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, some forms of cancer and neurodegenerative diseases. One of its main causes is chronic low-grade inflammation, mediated by the proinflammatory pathways, such as the c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) pathway and the nuclear factor kappa B (NFκB) pathway. Interleukin (IL)-38 (IL-38) is a newly discovered cytokine that belongs to the IL-1 family. There are three hypothetical pathways through which IL-38 may bind to the specific receptors and inhibit their proinflammatory activity. Those pathways are associated with IL-36 receptor (IL-36R), IL-1 receptor accessory protein-like 1 (IL1RAPL1) and IL-1 receptor 1 (IL1R1). There are studies linking IL-38 to improve insulin sensitivity through the difference in serum IL-38 in patients with insulin resistance or the correlation of IL-38 concentrations with insulin resistance indexes. However, many questions still remain regarding the biological activity of IL-38 itself and its role in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance. The goal of this study is to showcase IL-38, its biological activity, hypothesized signaling pathways, connection with insulin resistance and future perspectives of research on IL-38. We present that IL-38 associated signaling can be a potential target for the treatment of insulin resistance and associated diseases. © 2024 Bentham Science Publishers.
Determinants of distress levels in high-risk pregnant women - cross-sectional study; Introduction and aim. Global and national care recommendations indicate that women with high-risk pregnancies should receive personalized and qualified care during this period. This study was conducted to determine the distress levels in high-risk pregnant women and affecting factors. Material and methods. The cross-sectional this study was conducted with total of 416 high-risk pregnant women who met the inclusion criteria in the obstetrics clinic of a training and research hospital. The study data were collected with data collection form and “Tilburg Pregnancy Distress Scale (TPDS).” Results. The mean TPDS total score of high-risk pregnant women was 18.25±6.85. It was found that planning pregnancy, gravida, and diagnosis of gestational hypertension, systemic diseases, and gestational diabetes in the present pregnancy was associated with pregnancy-specific distress (p<0.05; β=0.291, β=0.158, β=0.272, β=0.137, β=0.116, respectively). Conclusion. It is advised that health professionals assess the distress levels of high-risk pregnant women and give personalized care during prenatal period. © 2024 Publishing Office of the University of Rzeszow. All rights reserved.
Values of Caprini Risk Assessment Scale and D-Dimer for Predicting Venous Thromboembolism During Puerperium; Purpose: To evaluate the predictive value of the combination of the Caprini risk assessment model (RAM) and D-dimer for venous thromboembolism (VTE) during puerperium. Patients and Methods: This was a retrospective case–control study. Thirty-one puerperium patients with VTE were included as cases, and 279 puerperium women without VTE were matched to cases according to age, number of fetuses, birth day and delivery mode at the ratio of 9:1. Demographic data, clinical data and laboratory parameters within postpartum 24 h were collected. Multivariate analysis, employing the forward stepwise model, was conducted to identify independent factors associated with VTE during puerperium. The predictive values of Caprini RAM, D-dimer and their combination were evaluated using receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, and the area under curve (AUC) was compared using Z test. Results: Univariate analysis demonstrated that there were significant differences in D-dimer levels, Caprini score, scarred uterus, adherent placenta, postpartum hemorrhage and intrauterine infection between cases and controls (P<0.05). Multivariate analysis demonstrated that D-dimer levels (OR: 1.754, 95% CI: 1.237–3.182), Caprini score (OR: 1.209, 95% CI: 1.058–2.280), scarred uterus (OR: 1.978, 95% CI: 1.258–3.794), postpartum hemorrhage (OR: 2.276, 95% CI: 1.334–4.347) and intrauterine infection (OR: 2.575, 95% CI: 1.463–4.618) were independently associated with VTE during puerperium with adjustment for adherent placenta and fetal birth weight. The AUCs of D-dimer levels, Caprini score and their combination were 0.748 (SE: 0.030, 95% CI: 0.688–0.807), 0.647 (SE: 0.035, 95% CI: 0.578–0.716) and 0.840 (SE: 0.025, 95% CI: 0.791–0.888). Combination prediction had a higher AUC compared with that of independent prediction (0.840 vs 0.748, Z=2.356, P=0.009; 0.840 vs 0.647, Z=4.487, P<0.001) with a sensitivity of 83.9% and specificity of 80.3%. Conclusion: The combination of the Caprini RAM and D-dimer could significantly elevate the predictive value for VTE during puerperium, and this new tool had the potential in the prediction of VTE during puerperium. © 2024 Liu et al.
Diabetes: a review of its pathophysiology, and advanced methods of mitigation; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a long-lasting metabolic non-communicable disease often characterized by an increase in the level of glucose in the blood or hyperglycemia. Approximately, 415 million people between the ages of 20 and 79 years had DM in 2015 and this figure will rise by 200 million by 2040. In a study conducted by CARRS, it’s been found that in Delhi the prevalence of diabetes is around 27% and for prediabetic cases, it is more than 46%. The disease DM can be both short-term and long-term and is often associated with one or more diseases like cardiovascular disease, liver disorder, or kidney malfunction. Early identification of diabetes may help avoid catastrophic repercussions because untreated DM can result in serious complications. Diabetes’ primary symptoms are persistently high blood glucose levels, frequent urination, increased thirst, and increased hunger. Therefore, DM is classified into four major categories, namely, Type 1, Type 2, Gestational diabetes, and secondary diabetes. There are various oral and injectable formulations available in the market like insulin, biguanides, sulphonylureas, etc. for the treatment of DM. Recent attention can be given to the various nano approaches undertaken for the treatment, diagnosis, and management of diabetes mellitus. Various nanoparticles like Gold Nanoparticles, carbon nanomaterials, and metallic nanoparticles are some of the approaches mentioned in this review. Besides nanotechnology, artificial intelligence (AI) has also found its application in diabetes care. AI can be used for screening the disease, helping in decision-making, predictive population-level risk stratification, and patient self-management tools. Early detection and diagnosis of diabetes also help the patient avoid expensive treatments later in their life with the help of IoT (internet of medical things) and machine learning models. These tools will help healthcare physicians to predict the disease early. Therefore, the Nano drug delivery system along with AI tools holds a very bright future in diabetes care. © 2024 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
The heart-mind relationship in women cardiovascular primary prevention: the role of depression, anxiety, distress and Type-D personality in the 10-years cardiovascular risk evaluation; Introduction: Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death among women. Prevention programmes underscore the need to address women-specific risk factors. Additionally, mental well-being is a significant aspect to consider when grappling with cardiovascular disease in women, particularly depression, anxiety, distress, and personality traits. This study aimed to create “at-risk” psychological profiles for women without prior cardiovascular disease history and to evaluate the association between anxiety, depression, distress, and Type-D personality traits with increased cardiovascular risk over 10 years. Methods: 219 women voluntarily participated in the “Monzino Women's Heart Centre” project for primary prevention and early diagnosis of cardiovascular diseases. Psychological profiles were developed utilising cluster analysis. Results: The primary finding indicating that belonging to the “at-risk” psychological cluster was associated with a surge in the 10-year cardiovascular risk prediction score, despite the number of comorbid risk factors (Psychological “at-risk” cluster: β =.0674; p =.006; Risk factors: β =.0199; p =.242). Conclusions: This finding suggests that psychological well-being of women should be assessed from the very beginning of cardiovascular prevention programmes. 2024 Giuliani, Santagostino Baldi, Capra, Bonomi, Marzorati, Sebri, Guiddi, Montorsi, Pravettoni and Trabattoni.
An Enhanced Postpartum Transition Program to Primary Care; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are risk factors for future cardiovascular disease, yet few individuals receive postpartum care with primary care clinicians (PCP). To facilitate transitions of care to PCPs and improve cardiovascular health monitoring within the first 13 months postpartum, we developed and piloted an enhanced postpartum referral pathway for patients with GDM or HDP. Methods: Eligible patients included those who received perinatal care at a large, urban, academic medical center, experienced GDM or HDP during their most recent pregnancy, and lacked an existing PCP. Resident, faculty, and advanced practitioners referred patients during antenatal, delivery-related, or postpartum visits. A dedicated scheduler contacted patients to schedule an appointment with a women’s health-focused resident or faculty PCP. The percent of patients who attended a postpartum PCP visit, who had an HbA1c and cholesterol panel checked within the first 13 months postpartum, were compared between patients referred and not referred to the program using adjusted odds ratios (aOR). Results: Of 129 individuals referred, 48.1% attended a PCP visit, 31.8% completed cholesterol screening, and 41.9% completed HbA1c screening within 13 months postpartum. After adjusting for age, parity, insurance, and referral indication, referred individuals had greater odds for each outcome (PCP visit: aOR = 6.0, 95% CI 4.0-9.0; cholesterol: aOR = 2.4, 95% 1.6-3.9; HbA1c: aOR = 2.5, 95% CI 1.7-3.7) compared with nonreferred individuals in the same time period. Discussion: A enhanced postpartum PCP referral pathway pilot for birthing individuals was associated with improved follow-up in the first year postpartum. Copyright 2024, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers.
Effect of pelvic artery embolization for postpartum hemorrhage on subsequent pregnancies: a single-center retrospective cohort study; Objective: Pelvic artery embolization (PAE) is a uterus-saving treatment for postpartum hemorrhage (PPH); however, subfertility or abnormal placentation for subsequent pregnancy has been a concern in several previous reports. This study aimed to investigate the impact of PAE on subsequent pregnancies in women with a history of PPH. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted on women transferred to the tertiary center for PPH and delivered for the next pregnancy at the same center later. The study group was divided into two groups based on PAE application to treat previous PPH. Results: Of the 62 women included, 66% (41/62) had received PAE for the previous PPH, while 21 had not. Pregnancy outcomes for subsequent pregnancies were compared between the PAE and non-PAE groups. The PAE group had a higher estimated blood loss volume for the present delivery than the non-PAE group (600 vs. 300 mL, p = 0.008). The PAE group also demonstrated a higher incidence of placenta previa (4.8% vs. 24.4%, p = 0.080) and placenta accreta (0% vs. 14.6%, p = 0.082) than the non-PAE group, although the difference was not statistically significant. Conclusion: These findings suggest that the use of PAE to treat PPH may increase the risk of bleeding, placenta previa, and placenta accreta spectrum in subsequent pregnancies. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Association between aluminum and iron exposure in maternal blood and umbilical cord blood and congenital heart defects in children; Background: Congenital heart disease (CHDs) is the major cause of mortality from birth defects, affecting up to 1% of live births worldwide. However, the relationship between aluminum (Al) and iron (Fe) levels and the risk of CHDs has yielded inconsistent results. Methods: We conducted a pair-matched case–control study that included 97 CHDs and 194 non-CHDs to investigate the association and interaction between Al/Fe exposure and the risk of CHDs in a birth cohort study in Lanzhou, China. Results: Higher concentrations of cord blood Al were associated with a greater risk of total CHDs (aOR = 2.826, 95% CI [1.009–7.266]) and isolated CHDs (aOR = 10.713, 95% CI [1.017–112.851]) compared to the lowest Al level. Both in maternal blood and cord blood, a significant dose-effect was observed between Al level and total CHDs (Ptrend < 0.05), but a similar pattern was not observed for Fe. High Al in addition to high Fe appeared to elicit a stronger association with CHDs than both lowest tertile of Al and Fe level in umbilical cord blood, particularly for multiple CHDs, septal defects and patent ductus arteriosus. Conclusions: Our study suggests that exposure to Al during pregnancy (≥2,408 mg/L) is significantly associated with an increased risk of CHDs in offspring, especially septal defects, and that high levels of Al and Fe are strongly correlated with fetal heart development. Further research is needed to understand the underlying mechanisms. Copyright 2024 Li et al.
Biological and Behavioral Pathways From Prenatal Depression to Offspring Cardiometabolic Risk: Testing the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease Hypothesis; Given prior literature focused on the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease framework, there is strong rationale to hypothesize that reducing depression in the prenatal period will cause improvements in offspring cardiometabolic health. The current review outlines evidence that prenatal depression is associated with offspring cardiometabolic risk and health behaviors. We review evidence of these associations in humans and in nonhuman animals at multiple developmental periods, from the prenatal period (maternal preeclampsia, gestational diabetes), neonatal period (preterm birth, small size at birth), infancy (rapid weight gain), childhood and adolescence (high blood pressure, impaired glucose–insulin homeostasis, unfavorable lipid profiles, abdominal obesity), and into adulthood (diabetes, cardiovascular disease). In addition to these cardiometabolic outcomes, we focus on health behaviors associated with cardiometabolic risk, such as child eating behaviors, diet, physical activity, and sleep health. Our review focuses on child behaviors (e.g., emotional eating, preference for highly palatable foods, short sleep duration) and parenting behaviors (e.g., pressuring child to eat, modeling of health behaviors). These changes in health behaviors may be detected before changes to cardiometabolic outcomes, which may allow for early identification of and prevention for children at risk for poor adult cardiometabolic outcomes. We also discuss the methods of the ongoing Care Project, which is a randomized clinical trial to test whether reducing prenatal maternal depression improves offspring’s cardiometabolic health and health behaviors in preschool. The goal of this review and the Care Project are to inform future research, interventions, and policies that support prenatal mental health and offspring cardiometabolic health. © 2024 American Psychological Association
Genetic and inflammatory factors underlying gestational diabetes mellitus: a review; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses a significant global health concern, impacting both maternal and fetal well-being. Early detection and treatment are imperative to mitigate adverse outcomes during pregnancy. This review delves into the pivotal role of insulin function and the influence of genetic variants, including SLC30A8, CDKAL1, TCF7L2, IRS1, and GCK, in GDM development. These genetic variations affect beta-cell function and insulin activity in crucial tissues, such as muscle, disrupting glucose regulation during pregnancy. We propose a hypothesis that this variation may disrupt zinc transport, consequently impairing insulin production and secretion, thereby contributing to GDM onset. Furthermore, we discussed the involvement of inflammatory pathways, such as TNF-alpha and IL-6, in predisposing individuals to GDM. Genetic modulation of these pathways may exacerbate glucose metabolism dysregulation observed in GDM patients. We also discussed how GDM affects cardiovascular disease (CVD) through a direct correlation between pregnancy and cardiometabolic function, increasing atherosclerosis, decreased vascular function, dyslipidemia, and hypertension in women with GDM history. However, further research is imperative to unravel the intricate interplay between inflammatory pathways, genetics, and GDM. This understanding is pivotal for devising targeted gene therapies and pharmacological interventions to rectify genetic variations in SLC30A8, CDKAL1, TCF7L2, IRS1, GCK, and other pertinent genes. Ultimately, this review offers insights into the pathophysiological mechanisms of GDM, providing a foundation for developing strategies to mitigate its impact. Copyright © 2024 Ray, Zeng, Kusi, Zhang, Shao, Yang, Wei, Li, Che and Guo.
Gestational diabetes and the risk of type 2 diabetes in postnatal period; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is the most common pregnancy complication, affecting 14% of global pregnancies. This literature review emphasizes the importance of developing universal screening and diagnostic criteria in pregnancy. Screening criteria, as outlined by organizations like NICE and WHO, vary, reflecting the ongoing debate about the most effective diagnostic methods. GDM is linked with significant risk factors, and timely diagnosis enables intervention strategies to prevent adverse obstetric outcomes. This review underscores the lasting impact of GDM on maternal health, increasing the risk of Type 2 Diabetes (T2D), particularly in the first five years post-delivery. Despite this risk, there is a notable gap in preventive care and postnatal screening. Barriers include the absence of a universal protocol, unclear responsibilities among healthcare professionals, and challenges faced by women in the postnatal period. The low uptake of postnatal testing increases potential risks of entering a future pregnancy with undiagnosed type 2 diabetes. This review highlights the urgent need for effective postpartum interventions, emphasizing education for women to prevent type 2 diabetes and ensuring safe subsequent pregnancies. There is a need for comprehensive, universal postnatal care strategies to address the increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes globally. © 2024 by the authors.
Quantifying fetal heart health in gestational diabetes: a new approach with fetal heart quantification technology; Objective: This study aimed to assess the impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on fetal heart structure and function using a technique called fetal heart quantification (Fetal HQ), with a focus on mitochondrial dynamics, which employs advanced imaging technology for comprehensive analysis. Methods: A total of 180 fetuses with normal heart structures, aged 24–40 weeks of gestation, were examined. A 2–3 s cine loop in the standard four-chamber oblique view was captured and analyzed using the speckle-tracking technique with Fetal HQ. Various echocardiographic parameters were evaluated, including four-chamber view (4CV), global spherical index (GSI), global longitudinal strain (GLS), 24-segment spherical index (SI), ventricular fractional area change (FAC), cardiac output (CO), and stroke volume (SV). These parameters were compared between the GDM group and the control group during two gestational periods: 24+0 to 28+0 weeks and 28+1 to 40+1 weeks. Statistical analysis was performed using independent samples t-tests and Mann-Whitney U tests to identify significant differences. Results: Twenty fetuses from mothers with GDM and 40 from the control group were recruited at 24+0 to 28+0 weeks. At 28+1 to 40+1 weeks, 40 fetuses from mothers with GDM and 80 from the control group were recruited. The fetal left ventricular global longitudinal function was similar between the GDM and control groups. However, compared to the controls, right ventricular function in the GDM group was lower only at 28+1 to 40+1 weeks. In the GDM group, the global spherical index (GSI) was lower than in the control group at 28+1 to 40+1 weeks (1.175 vs. 1.22; p = 0.001). There were significant decreases in ventricular FAC (38.74% vs. 42.83%; p < 0.0001) and 4CV GLS for the right ventricle (−22.27% vs. −26.31%; p = 0.005) at 28+1 to 40+1 weeks. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that GDM is associated with decreased right ventricular function in the fetal heart, particularly during the later stages of pregnancy (28+1 to 40+1 weeks), compared to fetuses from healthy pregnancies. The Fetal HQ technique represents a valuable tool for evaluating the structure and function of fetal hearts affected by GDM during the advanced stages of pregnancy. Copyright © 2024 Zhang, Fu, Zhao, Wang, Wu, Liu, Cheng and Zhang.
Concurrent THRB and DUOX2 variants in a patient detected via newborn screening for congenital hypothyroidism: a case of resistance to thyroid hormone; Most patients with resistance to thyroid hormone (RTH) test negative in newborn screening (NBS) for congenital hypothyroidism (CH). Here, we present a case of RTH diagnosed through NBS. The patient presented to us after her NBS for CH revealed high TSH (23.4 µIU/mL) and free T4 (FT4) (5.40 ng/dL) levels. Apart from tachycardia, she exhibited no other manifestations related to excess or deficiency of thyroid hormones. A confirmatory test replicated the findings, showing elevated serum TSH levels (35.7 µIU/mL) along with high FT4 levels (5.84 ng/ dL). Ultrasonography showed marked thyroid gland enlargement (> +4 SD). Targeted next-generation sequencing of genes associated with genetic thyroid disorders revealed a previously reported THRB variant, p.Gly345Cys. Unexpectedly, two biallelic DUOX2 variants (p.His678Arg and p.Arg1334Trp) were also detected. At her last visit, no significant issues were observed with neurological development, growth, bone maturation, or gastrointestinal symptoms related to thyroid function at the age of 1 year, without treatment for RTH and CH. During follow-up, the TSH and FT4 levels gradually decreased. In conclusion, we report a patient with simultaneous RTH and DUOX2 defects, demonstrating the value of conducting a comprehensive analysis of multiple genes associated with thyroid diseases to better comprehend the pathogenesis in patients with atypical thyroid-related phenotypes. © 2024 by The Japanese Society for Pediatric Endocrinology.
Association of maternal body mass index change with risk of large for gestational age among pregnant women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus: a retrospective cohort study; Objective: To investigate the associations of body mass index (BMI) change and large for gestational age (LGA) among prepregnancy normal-weight women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: The retrospective study including 9515 normal-weight pregnant women (1331 women with GDM and 8184 without GDM) was conducted in Fujian Maternity and Child Health Hospital in 2020. The BMI change was calculated as gestational weight gain in kilograms by maternal height in meters. The binary logistic regression, stratified analyses, restricted cubic spline models and additive interaction analysis were adopted to reveal the relationship between BMI change and LGA. Results: Pregnant women with GDM had a lower level of BMI change but a higher incidence of LGA compared with those without GDM. After adjustment for covariates variables, we found that the risk of LGA was associated with the highest quartile of BMI change (OR = 1.89, 95%CI:1.27–2.8 for GDM and OR = 1.48,95%CI:1.27–1.75 for non-GDM). There were significant linear relationships of BMI change and LGA with the inflection point of 5.096 and 5.401 kg/m2 in GDM and non-GDM groups. Significant additive interaction was observed between parity and BMI change level concerning LGA. A significant difference in BMI change and gestational weight gain (GWG) for LGA prediction was detected. Conclusion: Higher BMI changes were significantly associated with a higher risk of LGA in pregnant women with or without GDM in a linear dose-response relationship, with the threshold around 5.096 and 5.401 kg/m2, respectively. These suggested that BMI changes may be a useful predictor for the incidence of LGA in singleton pregnant women. © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
A Mechanistic Review on How Berberine Use Combats Diabetes and Related Complications: Molecular, Cellular, and Metabolic Effects; Berberine (BBR) is an isoquinoline alkaloid that can be extracted from herbs such as Coptis, Phellodendron, and Berberis. BBR has been widely used as a folk medicine to treat various disorders. It is a multi-target drug with multiple mechanisms. Studies have shown that it has antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties and can also adjust intestinal microbial flora. This review focused on the promising antidiabetic effects of BBR in several cellular, animal, and clinical studies. Based on previous research, BBR significantly reduced levels of fasting blood glucose, hemoglobin A1C, inflammatory cytokines, and oxidative stress markers. Furthermore, BBR stimulated insulin secretion and improved insulin resistance through different pathways, including up-regulation of protein expression of proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)-γ, glucose transporter (GLUT) 4, PI3K/AKT, and AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activation. Interestingly, it was demonstrated that BBR has protective effects against diabetes complications, such as diabetic-induced hepatic damage, cardiovascular disorders, nephropathy, and neuropathy. Furthermore, multiple clinical trial studies have emphasized the ameliorative effects of BBR in type 2 diabetic patients. © 2023 by the authors.
Prevalence and adverse perinatal outcomes of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy in Hebei Province, China; Background: Anaemia in pregnancy is one of the most frequent complications related to pregnancy and is a public health concern. This article examines the prevalence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy and the associations between anaemia and adverse perinatal outcomes in Hebei Province, China. Methods: We used SPSS software to describe the incidence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy in Hebei Province and analysed the clinical characteristics in anaemic patients and the relationship between anaemia and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Results: The overall prevalence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy was 35.0% in Hebei Province. The prevalence of anaemia in the population with a high education level was lower than that in the population with a low education level. The incidence rate in rural areas was higher than that in urban areas. After adjustment for confounding factors, anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy is an independent risk factor in terms of placenta previa, placental abruption, uterine atony, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, heart disease, postpartum haemorrhage, premature birth, laceration of birth canal, puerperal infection, caesarean section and large for gestational age. Conclusions: The prevalence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of adverse perinatal outcomes. A comprehensive approach to prevent anaemia is needed to improve maternal and child health outcomes.  © The Author(s) 2023.
Determinants of childbearing intentions among pregnant women with a suspected fetal congenital heart disease; Background: The Saudi population is characterized by a high fertility rate, a conservative sociocultural context, and an ongoing societal and lifestyle transition. Yet, data regarding childbearing intentions and the associated factors is scarce. Furthermore, childbearing intention may be impacted by abnormal pregnancy events, such as the clinical suspicion or diagnosis of a fetal congenital disease and the negative experience that may result from it. Objectives: The present study explored childbearing intention and determined the sociodemographic and health-related factors discouraging from future pregnancies among women visiting the cardiology clinic for antenatal screening of congenital heart diseases (CHD). Methods: A one-year cross-sectional study involved 150 consecutive pregnant women aged between 18 and 47 years old, who presented for antenatal screening of CHD at the fetal echocardiography clinic for, of a teaching hospital in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. An interview-based questionnaire was administered before the clinic visit and collected sociodemographic data, obstetrical history, risk factors of congenital diseases, mothers’ knowledge about fetal echocardiography and CHDs, and childbearing intention (the primary outcome). Results: Fetal echocardiography and CHD were correctly described by 60 % and 31.3 % of the participants respectively, while 40.7 % and 12 % recognized the association of congenital diseases with consanguinity and advanced maternal age respectively. Childbearing intentions showed 68.0 % of the participants declared desiring a future baby while the remaining 32.0 % declared having no further pregnancy expectations. Attitudes towards a hypothetical baby with CHD were positive in 97.3 % of the participants, and only 30 % declared that the fetal echocardiography results will impact their future childbearing decision. However, childbearing intention showed no significant association with knowledge or attitudes towards CHD. On the other hand, childbearing intention was independently associated with the number of children (OR=0.34; p<0.001), consanguinity with husband (OR=3.64; p = 0.010), and history of gestational diabetes (OR=0.28; p = 0.040). Conclusion: Fertility expectations among Saudi mothers are more likely to be impacted by the personal experience and judgment of own pregnancy fitness, while no significant impact of fetal risks and events. This demonstrates a certain level of autonomy balanced with deeply rooted religious ethics yet combined with a lack of awareness about fetal and maternal risks associated with advanced maternal age and consanguinity. We emphasize the unmet need of education and family planning. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
A four-year-old girl with pathogenic variant in the NAA10 gene and precocious puberty – case report and literature review; The NAA10 gene encodes N-alpha-acetyltransferase 10 which plays an important role in cell growth, differentiation, DNA damage, metastasis, apoptosis, stress response and autophagy. Defects in the NAA10 gene correlate with the diagnosis of NAA10-related syndrome (Ogden syndrome). The most common symptoms of NAA10-related syndrome are: global developmental delay, non-verbal or limited speech, autism spectrum disorder, feeding difficulties, motor delay, muscle tone disturbances, and long QT syndrome. To-date, there are about 100 patients who have been reported with this condition. The case report presents the clinical study of a girl aged 4 years and 3 months diagnosed with Ogden syndrome. She had many characteristic features of the disorder, as well as precocious puberty. This girl represents the case of a patient with p.Arg83Cys mutation in NAA10 gene as well as precocious puberty. © 2024, Institute of Agricultural Medicine. All rights reserved.
c.1103T>C (p.Ile368Th) de novo Variant in Synaptotagmin 1 (SYT1) Gene is Pathogenic, Leading to an Ultra-Rare Neurodevelopmental Disorder: The Baker-Gordon Syndrome; Baker-Gordon Syndrome (BAGOS) is a genetically determined 4 (NDD), represented by a phenotypic spectrum of moderate to severe intellectual disability, resulting from mutations in the synaptotagmin 1 (SYT1) gene. Its prevalence is estimated at 1:1,000,000 and the known gene variants have indicated complete penetrance with variable expressivity. SYT1 is a membrane trafficking protein in presynaptic vesicles, which exerts a complex influence on synaptic transmission, with fundamental roles in the release of neurotransmitters and facilitators of endocytosis, impacting both neurotransmission and neuron plasticity. The current case report describes the first Brazilian male patient diagnosed at 17-year-old, and the 39th reported case globally using whole-exome sequencing. A de novo heterozygous missense mutation at chr12q:79448958 (NM_005639.2; c.1103T>C; p.Ile368Thr) in the SYT1 was found and classified as a pathogenic variant. The proband’s clinical phenotype was compatible with BAGOS, involving behavioral changes such as irritability and severe intellectual disability. Knowledge about the mechanism of action and the extent of the genotypic and phenotypic presentations of the mutations in the SYT1 is still unfolding. Thus, we aimed to describe additional genotype– phenotype correlation for BAGOS, contributing to the expansion of the existing knowledge of such a heterogeneous ultra-rare syndrome, and, therefore, improve its diagnostic yield, case management, and therapeutic journey for future patients. © 2024 Porto et al.
Lung-Gut Microbiota and Tryptophan Metabolites Changes in Neonatal Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome; Purpose: Neonatal Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (NARDS) is a severe respiratory crisis threatening neonatal life. We aim to identify changes in the lung-gut microbiota and lung-plasma tryptophan metabolites in NARDS neonates to provide a differentiated tool and aid in finding potential therapeutic targets. Patients and Methods: Lower respiratory secretions, faeces and plasma were collected from 50 neonates including 25 NARDS patients (10 patients with mild NARDS in the NARDS_M group and 15 patients with moderate-to-severe NARDS in the NARDS_S group) and 25 control patients screened based on gestational age, postnatal age and birth weight. Lower airway secretions and feces underwent 16S rRNA gene sequencing to understand the microbial communities in the lung and gut, while lower airway secretions and plasma underwent LC-MS analysis to understand tryptophan metabolites in the lung and blood. Correlation analyses were performed by comparing differences in microbiota and tryptophan metabolites between NARDS and control, NARDS_S and NARDS_M groups. Results: Significant changes in lung and gut microbiota as well as lung and plasma tryptophan metabolites were observed in NARDS neonates compared to controls. Proteobacteria and Bacteroidota were increased in the lungs of NARDS neonates, whereas Firmicutes, Streptococcus, and Rothia were reduced. Lactobacillus in the lungs decreased in NARDS_S neonates. Indole-3-carboxaldehyde decreased in the lungs of NARDS neonates, whereas levels of 3-hydroxykynurenine, indoleacetic acid, indolelactic acid, 3-indole propionic acid, indoxyl sulfate, kynurenine, and tryptophan decreased in the lungs of the NARDS_S neonates. Altered microbiota was significantly related to tryptophan metabolites, with changes in lung microbiota and tryptophan metabolites having better differentiated ability for NARDS diagnosis and grading compared to gut and plasma. Conclusion: Significant changes occurred in the lung-gut microbiota and lung-plasma tryptophan metabolites of NARDS neonates. Alterations in lung microbiota and tryptophan metabolites were better discriminatory for the diagnosis and grading of NARDS. © 2024 Yang et al.
Multidisciplinary management of cardiovascular disease in women: Delphi consensus; Background: Current clinical guidelines on cardiovascular disease (CVD) do not specifically address the female population. The aim of this consensus is to know the opinion of a group of experts on the management of CVD in women. Methods: Through a Delphi consensus, 31 experts in cardiology, 9 in gynecology and obstetrics, and 14 primary care physicians, showed their degree of agreement on 44 items on CVD in women divided into the following groups: (1) risk factors and prevention strategies; (2) diagnosis and clinical manifestations; and (3) treatment and follow-up. Results: After two rounds, consensus in agreement was reached on 27 items (61.4%). Most of the non-consensus items (31.8%) belonged to group 3. The lack of consensus in this group was mainly among gynecologists and primary care physicians. The panelists agreed on periodic blood pressure control during pregnancy and delivery to detect hypertensive disorders, especially in women with a history of preeclampsia and/or gestational hypertension, and diabetes mellitus control in those with gestational diabetes. Also, the panelists agreed that women receive statins at a lower intensity than men, although there was no consensus as to whether the efficacy of drug treatments differs between women and men. Conclusions: The high degree of consensus shows that the panelists are aware of the differences that exist between men and women in the management of CVD and the need to propose interventions to reduce this inequality. The low level of consensus reveals the lack of knowledge, and the need for information and training on this topic. 2024 Gámez, Pedreira Pérez, Fernández Olmo, Fasero Laiz, Inaraja and Pallarés Carratalá.
Previous High-Intensity Breastfeeding Lowers the Risk of an Abnormal Fasting Glucose in a Subsequent Pregnancy Oral Glucose Tolerance Test; Breastfeeding is associated with reduced lifetime cardiometabolic risk, but little is known regarding the metabolic benefit in a subsequent pregnancy. The primary aim of this study was to investigate the association between breastfeeding duration and intensity and next pregnancy oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results. A retrospective cohort study was conducted from March 2020 to October 2022. All multiparous women who met inclusion criteria and gave birth during the study period were eligible for inclusion. Analysis was stratified by risk for gestational diabetes (GDM). High GDM risk criteria included previous GDM and BMI > 35 kg/m2. The association between breastfeeding duration and high-intensity breastfeeding (HIBF) and subsequent pregnancy OGTT were assessed with multivariate logistic models adjusted for statistically and clinically relevant covariables. There were 5374 multiparous participants who met the inclusion criteria for analysis. Of these, 61.7% had previously breastfed for >6 months, and 43.4% were at high risk for GDM. HIBF was associated with 47% reduced odds of an abnormal fasting glucose in a subsequent pregnancy OGTT (aOR 0.53; 95%CI 0.38–0.75; p < 0.01). There was no association between HIBF and other glucose results on the OGTT. Women who smoked were least likely to breastfeed at high intensity (aOR 0.31; 95%CI 0.21–0.47; p < 0.01). South Asian women had 65% higher odds of HIBF than women who identified as White/European (aOR 1.65; 1.36–2.00; p < 0.01). This study highlights the importance of exclusive breastfeeding to potentially reduce the prevalence of GDM and may also translate into long-term reduction of cardiometabolic risk. © 2023 by the authors.
Assessing the causal association of pregnancy complications with diabetes and cardiovascular disease; Background: To the best of our knowledge, numerous observational studies have linked pregnancy complications to increased risks of diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD), causal evidence remains lacking. Our aim was to estimate the association of adverse pregnancy outcomes with diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Methods: A two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was employed, which is not subject to potential reverse causality. Data for pregnancy complications were obtained from the FinnGen consortium. For primary analysis, outcome data on diabetes, related traits, stroke, and coronary heart disease (CHD) were extracted from the GWAS Catalog, MAGIC, MEGASTROKE, and CARDIoGRAMplusC4D consortium. The MAGIC and UKB consortium datasets were used for replication and meta-analysis. Causal effects were appraised using inverse variance weighted (IVW), weighted median (WM), and MR-Egger. Sensitivity analyses were implemented with Cochran’s Q test, MR-Egger intercept test, MR-PRESSO, leave-one-out (LOO) analysis and the funnel plot. Results: Genetically predicted gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was causally associated with an increased diabetes risk (OR=1.01, 95% CI=1-1.01, P<0.0001), yet correlated with lower 2-hour post-challenge glucose levels (OR=0.89, 95% CI=0.82-0.97, P=0.006). Genetic liability for pregnancy with abortive outcomes indicated decreased fasting insulin levels (OR=0.97, 95% CI=0.95-0.99, P=0.02), but potentially elevated glycated hemoglobin levels (OR=1.02, 95% CI=1.01-1.04, P=0.01). Additionally, hypertensive disorders in pregnancy was tentatively linked to increased risks of stroke (OR=1.11, 95% CI=1.04-1.18, P=0.002) and CHD (OR=1.3, 95% CI=1.2-1.4, P=3.11E-11). Gestational hypertension might have a potential causal association with CHD (OR=1.11, 95% CI=1.01-1.22, P=0.04). No causal associations were observed between preterm birth and diabetes, stroke, or CHD. Conclusion: The findings of this study provide genetic evidence that gestational diabetes, pregnancy with abortive outcomes, and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy may serve as early indicators for metabolic and cardiovascular risks. These insights are pivotal for the development of targeted screening and preventive strategies. Copyright © 2024 Xie, Zhang, Ni and Li.
Efficacy and Safety of DPP-4 Inhibitors and Metformin Combinations in Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Literature Review and Network Meta-Analysis; Objective: Several oral antidiabetic regimens are available for treating type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors (DPP4i) being one of them. We conducted a network meta-analysis (NMA) comparing DPP4i plus metformin (Met) combination with other Met-based oral antidiabetic drug (OAD) combinations used in treating patients with T2DM. Methods: We searched PubMed and Embase from inception until 19th April, 2022 for phase II and phase III trials in patients with T2DM on Met-based traditional OADs. The primary outcome was assessed by change in glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), and 2-hour post-prandial blood glucose (2h-PPG). The secondary safety outcomes assessed were hypoglycemic events, serious adverse events (SAEs), cardiovascular (CV) events, and gastrointestinal (GI) events. Results: Sixty-two trials were included in the analysis. The combination of DPP4i + Met revealed a comparable mean reduction in HbA1c levels to the glinides (Gli) + Met combination (mean difference [MD]: −0.03%, 95% CI: 0.69, −0.65), although the difference was not statistically significant. The mean HbA1c reduction with DPP4i + Met was greater than with sulfonylureas (SU) + Met (MD: −0.05, 95% CI: −0.29, 0.39), thiazolidinedione (TZD) + Met (MD: −0.69, 95% CI: −1.39, −0.02), and SU + TZD (MD: 0.21; 95% CI: −1.30, 1.71), with no statistical significance. DPP4i + Met demonstrated a non-significant lower incidence of CV events in comparison to TZD + Met (RR: 1.01, 95% CI: 0.46, 2.45) and SU + Met (RR: 1.06, 95% CI: 0.61, 2.06). Conclusion: DPP4i in combination with Met was efficacious and had a well-tolerated safety profile compared with other traditional OADs. This combination can be considered as a suitable treatment option for patients with T2DM. © 2024 Chen et al.
Reach and effectiveness of a non-university cardio-obstetrics program; Background: Current guidelines recommend multidisciplinary cardiovascular obstetric programs (CVOB) to manage complex pregnant patients with cardiovascular disease. Minimal evaluation of these programs exists, with most of these programs offered at university-based centers. Methods: A cohort of 113 patients managed by a CVOB team at a non-university health system (2018–2019) were compared to 338 patients seen by cardiology prior to the program (2016–2017). CVOB patients were matched with comparison patients (controls) on modified World Health Organization (mWHO) category classification, yielding a cohort of 102 CVOB and 102 controls. Results: CVOB patients were more ethnically diverse and cardiovascular risk was higher compared to controls based on mWHO ≥ II-III (57% vs 17%) and. After matching, CVOB patients had more cardiology tests during pregnancy (median of 8 tests vs 5, p <.001) and were more likely to receive telemetry care (32% vs 19%, p =.025). The median number of perinatology visits was significantly higher in the CVOB group (8 vs 2, p <.001). Length of stay was a half day longer for vaginal delivery patients in the CVOB group (median 2.66 vs 2.13, p =.006). Conclusion: Implementation of a CVOB program resulted in a more diverse patient population than previously referred to cardiology. The CVOB program participants also experienced a higher level of care in terms of increased cardiovascular testing, monitoring, care from specialists, and appropriate use of medications during pregnancy. © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
A Proficient Multi-level Data Analytic Suite for Ascertaining Preliminary Gestational Hazards Associated with Its Influences; The basis of sustaining positive health outcomes begins from womb in the current era is safeguarding pregnancy from problems including maternal mortality and morbidity. A pregnancy with a hypertensive issue and diabetes is regarded as having a very high risk since it may result in long-term diseases such cardiovascular disease, obesity due to fetal growth restriction, anemia, and thyroid problems. Low birth weight, early delivery, and other serious neonatal disorders can affect babies who go untreated throughout pregnancy. Advances in Intelligence system and health data analytics allow for the early diagnosis of pregnancy concerns, reducing risks. This proposed effort includes the prediction of early gestational problems like diabetes and hypertension as well as the analysis of the risk variables that may be present. In our suggested work, multi-level data analysis is employed to better understand the health of pregnant women throughout the first trimester. In this data analysis suite, summarizing of data with deep insights is done at data preparation using exploratory data analysis (EDA) to look at the core pattern of data with its properties. The KNN algorithm has been used to preprocess data. Pregnancy risks including gestational hypertension and diabetes are identified before 13 weeks of pregnancy machine learning techniques. In order to comprehend analytical data with graphical representations, visual analytical approaches have been utilized. As a consequence, 97.18% accuracy is achieved. © 2024, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
Dyslipidemia management in women of reproductive potential: An expert clinical consensus from the national lipid association; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women and its incidence has been increasing recently, particularly among younger women. Across major professional society guidelines, dyslipidemia management remains a central tenet for atherosclerotic CVD prevention for both women and men. Despite this, women, particularly young women, who are candidates for statin therapy are less likely to be treated and less likely to achieve their recommended therapeutic objectives for low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. Elevated LDL-C and triglycerides are the two most common dyslipidemias that should be addressed during pregnancy due to the increased risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, and pre-term delivery, as well as pancreatitis in the presence of severe hypertriglyceridemia. In this National Lipid Association Expert Clinical Consensus, we review the roles of nutrition, physical activity, and pharmacotherapy as strategies to address elevated levels of LDL-C and/or triglycerides among women of reproductive age. We include a special focus on points to consider during the shared decision-making discussion regarding pharmacotherapy for dyslipidemia during preconception planning, pregnancy, and lactation. © 2024
Pre-Delta, Delta, and Omicron Periods of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) Pandemic and Health Outcomes During Delivery Hospitalization; OBJECTIVE:To examine the relationship between coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) diagnosis at delivery and adverse maternal health and pregnancy outcomes during pre-Delta, Delta, and Omicron variant predominance, with a focus on the time period of Omicron variant predominance.METHODS:We conducted a cross-sectional observational study with data from delivery hospitalizations in the Premier Healthcare Database from February 2020 to August 2023. The pre-Delta (February 2020-June 2021), Delta (July 2021-December 2021), and Omicron (January 2022-August 2023) periods of variant predominance were examined. Exposure to COVID-19 was identified by having a diagnostic code for COVID-19 during the delivery hospitalization. Adjusted prevalence ratios (aPRs) were calculated to compare the risks of adverse maternal and pregnancy outcomes for women with and without COVID-19 diagnoses at the time of delivery for each variant period.RESULTS:Among 2,990,973 women with delivery hospitalizations, 1.9% (n=56,618) had COVID-19 diagnoses noted at delivery admission discharge, including 26,053 during the Omicron period. Across all variant time periods, the prevalence of many adverse maternal and pregnancy outcomes during the delivery hospitalization was significantly higher for pregnant women with COVID-19 compared with pregnant women without COVID-19. In adjusted models, COVID-19 during the Omicron period was associated with significant increased risks for maternal sepsis (COVID-19: 0.4% vs no COVID-19: 0.1%; aPR 3.32, 95% CI, 2.70-4.08), acute respiratory distress syndrome (0.6% vs 0.1%; aPR 6.19, 95% CI, 5.26-7.29), shock (0.2% vs 0.1%; aPR 2.14, 95% CI, 1.62-2.84), renal failure (0.5% vs 0.2%; aPR 2.08, 95% CI, 1.73-2.49), intensive care unit admission (2.7% vs 1.7%; aPR 1.64, 95% CI, 1.52-1.77), mechanical ventilation (0.3% vs 0.1%; aPR 3.15, 95% CI, 2.52-3.93), in-hospital death (0.03% vs 0.01%; aPR 5.00, 95% CI, 2.30-10.90), stillbirth (0.7% vs 0.6%; aPR 1.17, 95% CI, 1.01-1.36), and preterm delivery (12.3% vs 9.6%; aPR 1.28, 95% CI, 1.24-1.33).CONCLUSION:Despite the possibility of some level of immunity due to previous severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection, vaccination, or testing differences, risks of adverse outcomes associated with COVID-19 diagnosis at delivery remained elevated during the Omicron variant time period. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Infant of a diabetic mother: clinical presentation, diagnosis and treatment; An infant of a diabetic mother is defined as a newborn born to a mother who has diabetes during pregnancy. The term diabetic mother refers to pregnant women with diabetes diagnosed either before (type 1 or 2 diabetes) or during pregnancy (gestational diabetes). Rising incidence of type 1 and type 2 diabetes in young women and increasing maternal age at conception account for the higher risk of birth complications and adverse maternal and infant outcomes. Infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) because of mother's diabetes are prone to developing complications and the most common include: large birth weight and complications resulting from it (i.e. birth injuries, perinatal asphyxia), cardiovascular and respiratory insufficiency (poor tolerance of labor stress), neonatal hypoglycemia and it's complications, delayed lung maturity (fetal hyperinsulinism and the opposite function of insulin to cortisol), cardiomegaly and hypertrophy of the intraventricular septum (functional narrowing of the outflow of the left ventricle and cardiac failure), congenital malformations (most often of the central nervous system and heart). Less common complications in IDMs are: persistent pulmonary hypertension, hyperbilirubinemia, renal vein thrombosis, small left colon syndrome, intrauterine death, polycythemia, and a predisposition to obesity, insulin resistance and diabetes later in life. This article presents current knowledge about pathological conditions and the recommended management for IDMs. © 2024 Termedia Publishing House Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Maternal and Fetal Conditions With Consequences for the Fetal Brain; This chapter examines two maternal conditions that affect fetal brain development—disorders of the maternal endocrine system and maternal mental health disorders—and also offers congenital heart disease as a model of how fetal conditions affect fetal brain development. Regarding maternal endocrine disturbance, our understanding is more advanced for insulin, thyroid hormone, and glucocorticoids; these will be the primary focus of this section. Maternal mental health disorders of pregnancy are now recognized as the most common complication of pregnancy; their incidence, causation, and management, as well as the potential pathways and manifestations of neurological sequelae in the fetal brain and infant, will be discussed. In the final section, we examine the role of prenatal factors leading to neurological morbidity in congenital heart disease and to differences in brain maturation between those fetuses and gestational age–matched controls; we also discuss strategies likely to reduce systemic complications, improve brain-oriented care, and reduce the risks they pose to the developing brain. In summary, the developing brain of the fetus and newborn may experience multiple types of insults that cause disrupted development and destructive injury, with potential lifelong consequences. © 2025 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Left atrial strain assessment unveils left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in neonates with transient tachypnea of the newborn: A prospective observational study; Introduction: An inadequate clearance of lung fluid plays a key role in the pathogenesis of transient tachypnea of the newborn (TTN). Objectives: To evaluate if left ventricular diastolic dysfunction contributes to reduced clearance of lung fluid in TTN. Materials and Methods: This was a prospective, observational study. Echocardiography and lung ultrasound were performed at 2, 24 and 48 h of life (HoL) to assess biventricular function and calculate lung ultrasound score (LUS). Left atrial strain reservoir (LASr) provided surrogate measurement of left ventricular diastolic function. Results: Twenty-seven neonates with TTN were compared with 27 controls with no difference in gestation (36.1 ± 2 vs. 36.9 ± 2 weeks) or birthweight (2508 ± 667 vs. 2718 ± 590 g). Biventricular systolic function was normal in both groups. LASr was significantly lower in cases at 2 (21.0 ± 2.7 vs. 38.1 ± 4.4; p < 0.01), 24 (25.2 ± 4.5 vs. 40.6 ± 4.0; p < 0.01) and 48 HoL (36.5 ± 5.8 and 41.6 ± 5.2; p < 0.01), resulting in a significant group by time interaction (p < 0.001), after adjusting for LUS and gestational diabetes. A logistic regression model including LUS, birth weight and gestational diabetes as covariates, showed that LASr at 2 HoL was a predictor of respiratory support at 24 HoL, with an adjusted odds ratio of 0.60 (CI 0.36–0.99). Conclusions: LASr was reduced in neonates with TTN, suggesting diastolic dysfunction, that may contribute to the delay in lung fluid clearance. © 2024 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and renal-vascular function in the early years after delivery; Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs: hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, and placental disorders) are associated with cardiovascular disease risk or blood volume abnormalities. Traditional risk factors might not identify highest risk people in the early years after APO deliveries. Test the hypothesis that vascular function is worse, and plasma volume-regulating renal hormones are lower after delivery in people who did versus did not have an APO. Adult participants 6 mo–3 years postdelivery of a singleton infant participated in this cross-sectional study. Exclusion criteria included current smoking, current use of certain medications, and diabetes outside of pregnancy. Differences in measurements between participants with versus without APOs were determined with t tests or Wilcoxon tests. Associations of renal hormones with APO history were assessed with linear regression, adjusted for age, race, body mass index (BMI), and sodium consumption. Of 86 participants, 38 (44%) had an APO history. Those with APOs were more likely to identify as Black and had a higher BMI, 34.0 kg/m2 [interquartile range (IQR), 24.6, 39.3] versus 24.2 kg/m2 [IQR, 21.2, 31.3], P < 0.05. Most brachial and all aortic blood pressures were higher in those with APOs: median aortic blood pressure was 102/74 versus 96/68 mmHg, P ≤ 0.05. There were no differences in arterial stiffness or endothelial function between groups. Aldosterone was lower (54 [IQR, 28–84] vs. 80 [IQR, 39–150] pmol/L) in participants with past APOs. Blood pressures were higher, and aldosterone was lower in participants with past APOs. Associations of aldosterone with APO history persisted after adjustment. Neither renin nor aldosterone were related to vascular function. NEW & NOTEWORTHY Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Traditional CVD risk factors may not fully capture excess CVD risk soon after APOs. Vascular dysfunction and plasma volume irregularities may be detectable. We found people with APOs had worse blood pressures, higher BMI, and lower aldosterone levels versus those without APOs in the early years after delivery. Vascular function was similar between groups. Future research should assess vascular function and renal hormones at multiple timepoints during the perinatal period. © 2024 the American Physiological Society.
Practical weight management to minimize pregnancy complications and promote women’s health: the possibility of interpregnancy care; Pregnancy is an excellent opportunity to provide medical interventions to women. It is also a stress test used to predict health. Numerous studies have demonstrated that the pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and gestational weight gain (GWG) are critical factors for pregnancy complications such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), large or small gestational age infants, and spontaneous preterm birth (sPTB). These complications are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), which is a leading cause of mortality in women. In addition, complications adversely affect the short- and long-term prognoses of children. Optimal GWG to reduce complications is recommended based on pre-pregnancy BMI; however, racial differences should also be noted. The values in the Japanese guidelines are lower than those in the American Institute of Medicine guidelines. The Asian BMI thresholds for CVD risk are also lower than those in Europe. Therefore, weight management should be based on racial/genetic background. Interpregnancy weight gain or loss has also been reported to be associated with the risk of pregnancy complications; however, few studies have been conducted in Asian populations. Our previous reports suggested that avoiding an excess of 0.6 kg/m2/year of annual BMI gain may reduce the risk of HDP or GDM, and insufficient gain of < 0.25 kg/m2/year may increase sPTB recurrence. Annual BMI is useful for practical weight control during interpregnancy. Based on these findings, effective approaches should be established to improve the health of women and their offspring. © (2024), (Nagoya University). All rights reserved.
The Fit After Baby randomized controlled trial: An mHealth postpartum lifestyle intervention for women with elevated cardiometabolic risk; Background Postpartum women with overweight/obesity and a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes are at elevated risk for cardiometabolic disease. Postpartum weight loss and lifestyle changes can decrease these risks, yet traditional face-to-face interventions often fail. We adapted the Diabetes Prevention Program into a theory-based mobile health (mHealth) program called Fit After Baby (FAB) and tested FAB in a randomized controlled trial. Methods The FAB program provided 12 weeks of daily evidence-based content, facilitated tracking of weight, diet, and activity, and included weekly coaching and gamification with points and rewards. We randomized women at 6 weeks postpartum 2:1 to FAB or to the publicly available Text4baby (T4B) app (active control). We measured weight and administered behavioral questionnaires at 6 weeks, and 6 and 12 months postpartum, and collected app user data. Results 81 eligible women participated (77% White, 2% Asian, 15% Black, with 23% Hispanic), mean baseline BMI 32±5 kg/m2 and age 31±5 years. FAB participants logged into the app a median of 51/84 (IQR 25,71) days, wore activity trackers 66/84 (IQR 43,84) days, logged weight 17 times (IQR 11,24), and did coach check-ins 5.5/12 (IQR 4,9) weeks. The COVID-19 pandemic interrupted data collection for the primary 12-month endpoint, and impacted diet, physical activity, and body weight for many participants. At 12 months postpartum women in the FAB group lost 2.8 kg [95% CI -4.2,-1.4] from baseline compared to a loss of 1.8 kg [95% CI -3.8,+0.3] in the T4B group (p = 0.42 for the difference between groups). In 60 women who reached 12 months postpartum before the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, women randomized to FAB lost 4.3 kg [95% CI -6.0,-2.6] compared to loss in the control group of 1.3 kg [95% CI -3.7,+1.1] (p = 0.0451 for the difference between groups). Conclusions There were no significant differences between groups for postpartum weight loss for the entire study population. Among those unaffected by the COVID pandemic, women randomized to the FAB program lost significantly more weight than those randomized to the T4B program. The mHealth FAB program demonstrated a substantial level of engagement. Given the scalability and potential public health impact of the FAB program, the efficacy for decreasing cardiometabolic risk by increasing postpartum weight loss should be tested in a larger trial. © 2024 Nicklas et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Analysis of risk factors and changes in myocardial biomarker levels in 122 cases of early neonatal anemia; Background/aim: Anemia in the first week after birth, which could affect growth, development, and organ function, should be an important warning sign to clinicians. The aim of this study was to assess the related risk factors of early neonatal anemia and to analyze the effect of anemia on the expression levels of myocardial markers in newborns. Materials and methods: Clinical data from 122 confirmed cases of anemic newborns and 108 nonanemic newborns were collected to analyze the independent risk factors for early anemia using logistic regression analyses. Blood samples were collected from both groups for the detection of myocardial markers, including the protein marker cardiac troponin T (cTnT), as well as enzyme markers creatine kinase isoenzyme MB (CK-MB) and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH). Results: Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that preterm birth (OR: 3.589 [1.119–11.506], p < 0.05), multiple pregnancy (OR: 4.117 [1.021–16.611], p < 0.05), and abnormal placenta (OR: 4.712 [1.077–20.625], p < 0.05) were independent risk factors for early neonatal anemia. The levels of myocardial markers, including cTnT (303.1 ± 244.7 vs. 44.2 ± 55.41 ng/L), CK-MB (6.803 ± 8.971 vs. 2.5326 ± 2.927 µkat/L), and LDH (32.42 ± 35.26 vs. 19.73 ± 17.13 µkat/L), were significantly higher in the anemic group than in the nonanemic group. Conclusion: Multiple pregnancy, preterm birth, and abnormal placenta were identified as risk factors for early neonatal anemia. The occurrence of early neonatal anemia was associated with increased levels of myocardial markers. © TÜBİTAK.
Pregnancy-associated risk factors for future cardiovascular disease–early prevention strategies warranted; We summarize convincing evidence that future cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk increases one-fold to four-fold for women with a history of pregnancy complicated by hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, fetal growth restriction, placental abruption and preterm birth. A concomitant occurrence of two or more complications in the same pregnancy further potentiates the risk. These women should be informed of their future CVD risks during the postpartum check-up taking place after delivery, and also, if needed, treated, for example, for persisting high blood pressure. In these women with high blood pressure, check-up should take place within 7–10 days, and if severe hypertension, within 72 h. Women without diagnostic signs and symptoms should be examined for the first time 1–2 years postpartum and then at intervals of 2–3 years for a complete CVD risk profile including clinical and laboratory assessments. Women should be informed for future CVD risks and their effective prevention with healthy lifestyle factors. Combined oral contraceptives should be avoided or used with caution. If laboratory or other clinical findings indicate, then vigorous treatments consisting of non-medical and medical (antihypertensives, statins, antidiabetic and anti-obesity therapies) interventions should be initiated early with liberal indications and with ambitious therapeutic goals. Low-dose aspirin and menopausal hormone therapy should be used in selected cases. Active control and treatment policies of these women with pregnancy-related risks will likely result in decreases of CVD occurrence in later life. © 2024 International Menopause Society.
Maternal diabetes and risk of offspring congenital heart diseases: the Japan Environment and Children’s Study; Background: Few prospective cohort studies have examined the association between maternal diabetes, including pre-pregnancy and gestational diabetes, and the risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in Asian offspring. Methods: We examined the association between maternal diabetes and offspring CHD among 97,094 mother-singleton infant pairs in the Japan Environment and Children’s Study (JECS) between January 2011 and March 2014. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) of offspring CHD based on maternal diabetes (pre-pregnancy diabetes and gestational diabetes) were estimated using logistic regression after adjusting for maternal age at delivery, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), maternal smoking habits, alcohol consumption, annual household income, and maternal education. The diagnosis of CHD in the offspring was ascertained from the transcript of medical records. Results: The incidence of CHD in the offspring was 1,132. Maternal diabetes, including both pre-pregnancy diabetes and gestational diabetes, was associated with a higher risk of offspring CHD: multivariable OR (95%CI) = 1.81 (1.40–2.33) for maternal diabetes, 2.39 (1.05–5.42) for pre-pregnancy diabetes and 1.77 (1.36–2.30) for gestational diabetes. A higher risk of offspring CHD was observed in pre-pregnancy BMI ²25.0 kg/m2 (OR = 2.55, 95% CI: 1.74–3.75) than in pre-pregnancy BMI <25.0 kg/m2 (OR = 1.49, 95% CI: 1.05–2.10, p for interaction = 0.04). Conclusions: Maternal diabetes, including both pre-pregnancy and gestational, was associated with an increased risk of CHD in offspring. © The Author(s) 2024.
The associations of maternal liver biomarkers in early pregnancy with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study and Mendelian randomization analysis; Background: Associations of liver function with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remain unclear. This study aimed to examine the relationship and the potential causality between maternal liver biomarkers and the risk of subsequent GDM, as well as to evaluate the interaction between liver biomarkers and lipids on GDM risk. Methods: In an ongoing Zhoushan Pregnant Women Cohort, pregnant women who finished the first prenatal follow-up record, underwent liver function tests in early pregnancy, and completed the GDM screening were included in this study. Logistic regression models were used to investigate the association, and the inverse-variance weighted method supplemented with other methods of two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was applied to deduce the causality. Results: Among 9,148 pregnant women, 1,668 (18.2%) developed GDM. In general, the highest quartile of liver function index (LFI), including ALT, AST, GGT, ALP, and hepatic steatosis index, was significantly associated with an increased risk of GDM (OR ranging from 1.29 to 3.15), especially an elevated risk of abnormal postprandial blood glucose level. Moreover, the causal link between ALT and GDM was confirmed by the MR analysis (OR=1.28, 95%CI:1.05-1.54). A significant interaction between AST/ALT and TG on GDM risk was observed (P interaction = 0.026). Conclusion: Elevated levels of LFI in early pregnancy were remarkably associated with an increased risk of GDM in our prospective cohort. Besides, a positive causal link between ALT and GDM was suggested. Copyright © 2024 Liu, Zhang, Cheng, Chi, Zhuang, Alifu, Zhou, Qiu, Huang, Ainiwan, Si and Yu.
The impact of gut microbiota on autoimmune thyroiditis and relationship with pregnancy outcomes: a review; Autoimmune thyroiditis (AITD) is a T-cell-mediated, organ- specific autoimmune disease caused by interactions between genetic and environmental factors. Patients with AITD show thyroid lymphocyte infiltration and an increase in the titer of thyroid autoimmune antibodies, thereby altering the integrity of thyroid follicle epithelial cells and dysregulating their metabolism and immune function, leading to a decrease in multi-tissue metabolic activity. Research has shown that patients with AITD have a significantly higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as infertility and miscarriage. Levothyroxine(LT4) treatment can improve the pregnancy outcomes of normal pregnant women with thyroid peroxidase antibodies(TPOAb) positivity, but it is not effective for invitro fertilization embryo transfer (IVF-ET) in women with normal thyroid function and positive TPOAb. Other factors may also influence pregnancy outcomes of patients with AITD. Recent studies have revealed that the gut microbiota participates in the occurrence and development of AITD by influencing the gut-thyroid axis. The bacterial abundance and diversity of patients with Hashimoto thyroiditis (HT) were significantly reduced, and the relative abundances of Bacteroides, fecal Bacillus, Prevotella, and Lactobacillus also decreased. The confirmation of whether adjusting the composition of the gut microbiota can improve pregnancy outcomes in patients with AITD is still pending. This article reviews the characteristics of the gut microbiota in patients with AITD and the current research on its impact in pregnancy. Copyright © 2024 Song, Bai, Liu, Zhai and Zhang.
Postoperative Coagulation State Predicts Deep Vein Thrombosis After Cesarean Section in Elderly Pregnant Women; Introduction: We aimed to evaluate the risk factors for the development of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) within one month after delivery in pregnant women of advanced maternal age undergoing cesarean section and explore the predictive value of fasting coagulation indicators in relation to the development of DVT. Methods: A total of 176 eligible postpartum women were included in this study. Sixty-seven cases developed DVT within one month after delivery (DVT group), while 109 cases did not experience DVT (NDVT group). Within 24 hours after cesarean section, fasting coagulation indicators are measured. Coagulation system analysis was performed using the STA-R Evolution fully automated coagulation analyzer. Results: The women who developed DVT were found to be older, had a higher proportion of women with previous childbirth experiences, and had a higher proportion of women with comorbidities. Our results revealed significant differences in the levels of activated partial thromboplastin time and prothrombin time between the NDVT group and the DVT group. In contrast, the DVT group displayed significantly higher levels of D-dimer, plasma fibrinogen and platelet count when compared to the NDVT group. The AUC for the combined test model was substantially higher compared to individual parameters. Discussion: Multiple parameters of the postoperative coagulation state in the combined test model provided a more accurate prediction of DVT occurrence in elderly pregnant women after cesarean section. © 2024 Feng et al.
Corrigendum to “Left ventricular diastolic function in the fifth decade of life in women with a history of spontaneous preterm birth” [Eur. J. Obstet. Gynecol. Reprod. Biol. 286 (2023) 40-46, (S0301211523001884), (10.1016/j.ejogrb.2023.05.009)]; The authors regret that there is a mistake in Figure 1. The number of cases shown in ‘’Completed PreCaris-study’’ should not be 210, but 350. In addition, there was a mistake in the heading of Figure 1. The revised figure and heading are shown below. Title: Figure 1. Flowchart of the study population. GDM, gestational diabetes mellitus; HDP, hypertensive disorder pregnancy; PTB, preterm birth. Other: maternal death, renal disease, coagulation disorders or Raynaud's syndrome.[Formula presented] The authors would like to apologise for any inconvenience caused. © 2023 The Author(s)
Efficacy and safety of oral and vaginal administration of misoprostol for induction of labor in high-risk obese pregnant women with hypertension or diabetes mellitus; Objective: This study aims to compare the safety and efficacy of misoprostol administered orally and vaginally in obese pregnant women at term with either gestational hypertension or diabetes. Methods: A total of 264 pregnant women were enrolled and categorized into two groups based on their primary condition: hypertension (134 cases) or diabetes mellitus (130 cases) and were further divided into subgroups for misoprostol administration: orally (Oral group) or vaginally (Vaginal group). The primary outcomes measured were changes in the Bishop score following treatment, induction of labor (IOL) success rates, requirement for oxytocin augmentation, duration of labor, mode of delivery, and cesarean section rates. Results: Significant enhancements in Bishop scores, decreased cesarean section rates and increased success rates of IOL were noted in both administration groups. The incidence of vaginal delivery within 24 h was significantly higher in the Vaginal group compared to the Oral group. Adverse effects, including nausea, uterine overcontraction, hyperfrequency of uterine contraction and uterine hyperstimulation without fetal heart rate deceleration, were significantly more prevalent in the Vaginal group than in the Oral group. Conclusion: Misoprostol administration, both orally and vaginally, proves effective for labor induction in obese pregnant women with hypertension or diabetes. However, the oral route presents a lower risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, suggesting its preference for safer labor induction in this demographic. © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Female-specific risk factors for cardiovascular disease: an update; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. While it was previously believed that men have greater susceptibility to CVD, recent research suggests that women face an increased risk of CVD after the onset of menopause, primarily due to the loss of the protective effects of estrogens. Premature ovarian insufficiency (POI), polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and gestational factors, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), recurrent pregnancy loss, preterm delivery, and preeclampsia, are specific reproductive disorders that may contribute to an elevated risk of CVD at earlier ages, i.e., before the onset of menopause. This suggests that women with these conditions should be closely monitored for CVD risk factors even before reaching menopause. Such early intervention may help reduce the incidence of CVD and improve overall cardiovascular health in this population. The precise pathophysiological mechanism underlying the development of CVD in women with menopause, premature POI, PCOS, and gestational factors remains elusive. This review article seeks to elucidate the latest research on the relationship between these conditions and CVD in women, aiming to explore the underlying pathogenic mechanisms contributing to this association. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Hellenic Endocrine Society 2024.
Dietary nutrients during gestation cause obesity and related metabolic changes by altering DNA methylation in the offspring; Growing evidence shows that maternal nutrition from preconception until lactation has an important effect on the development of non-communicable diseases in the offspring. Biological responses to environmental stress during pregnancy, including undernutrition or overnutrition of various nutrients, are transmitted in part by DNA methylation. The aim of the present narrative review is to summarize literature data on altered DNA methylation patterns caused by maternal macronutrient or vitamin intake and its association with offspring’s phenotype (obesity and related metabolic changes). With our literature search, we found evidence for the association between alterations in DNA methylation pattern of different genes caused by maternal under- or overnutrition of several nutrients (protein, fructose, fat, vitamin D, methyl-group donor nutrients) during 3 critical periods of programming (preconception, pregnancy, lactation) and the development of obesity or related metabolic changes (glucose, insulin, lipid, leptin, adiponectin levels, blood pressure, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease) in offspring. The review highlights that maternal consumption of several nutrients could individually affect the development of offspring’s obesity and related metabolic changes via alterations in DNA methylation. Copyright © 2024 Bokor, Csölle, Felső, Vass, Funke, Ertl and Molnár.
ORAL PRESENTATION ABSTRACTS; Objectives: This study investigated the effect of aerobic exercise on serum irisin, preptin levels in overweight women and their relationship with routine biochemical tests. Methods: The study included 25 healthy controls and 25 overweight sedentary women (BMI>25). The exercise training was performed 3 days a week for 12 weeks. Anthropometric measurements were performed and fasting blood samples were collected before and after exercise period. All samples were centrifuged at 1500xg for 10 minutes and the serum was separated. Serum irisine and preptin levels were analyzed by ELISA method. Routine biochemical parameters were assayed by spectrophotometric, hsCRP levels by nephelometric and insulin levels by immunoassay method using auto analyzers. Results: There was a significant decrease in BMI and fat mass in the post-exercise group compared with pre-exercise (p<0.001). Serum irisin levels were significantly lower in pre- and post-exercise group compared to controls (p<0.001), but no significant change was observed after exercise period. Preptin levels were significantly higher in the pre-exercise group (median/IQR, 558.2 /351,2-756,8 pg/ml) compared to the controls (median / IQR, 137.1/85.2-427.9 pg/ ml), and significantly reduced in post-exercise group (medium/IQR, 243.1/179.2-330 pg/ml) compared to pre-exercise group. In the pre-exercise group, a significant negative correlation was observed between irisin and body mass index (r=-0.443, p=0,027), while a positive correlation was found between preptin and body weight (r=0.438, p=0.029). Conclusions: Twelve weeks of aerobic exercise in overweight sedentary women has lowering effect on serum preptin levels but no effect on serum irisin levels. © 2024 De Gruyter Open Ltd. All rights reserved.
Referral patterns and outcomes of children who failed Modified Checklist for Autism in Toddlers screening during routine health screening at maternal and child health clinics in the northeast district of Penang: A retrospective cohort study; Introduction: Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a developmental disability that causes significant social, communication and behavioural challenges. The Modified Checklist for Autism in Toddlers (M-CHAT) is a parent-administered screening questionnaire for ASD used at 18 and 36 months of age. This study aimed to determine the outcomes of children who failed M-CHAT screening during routine health screening at maternal and child health clinics in northeast district, Penang and the prevalence of ASD among those with a final diagnosis. Methods: This retrospective cohort study was conducted at 12 maternal and child health clinics. All children who failed M-CHAT screening at 18 and 36 months from January 2017 to December 2021 and received a final diagnosis before 31 March 2022 were recruited. All information required was recorded in a data collection form and analysed using SPSS. Multiple logistic regression was performed to assess the association between the factors and ASD status. Results: Eighty-two children failed M-CHAT screening. Fifty children did not receive a final diagnosis. Among 32 children who received a final diagnosis, 25 were diagnosed with ASD (78.1%). Among the children who underwent M-CHAT screening, the odds of having ASD increased by a factor of 1.2 for every 1-unit increase in age at final diagnosis. Conclusion: In northeast district, Penang, more than half of children who fail M-CHAT screening have no final diagnosis. The specificity of the M-CHAT is 78.1% among children with a final diagnosis of ASD. The age at final diagnosis is positively associated with the diagnosis of ASD. © 2024, Academy of Family Physicians of Malaysia. All rights reserved.
Epicardial fat thickness in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and its association with N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide; OBJECTIVE: The female population with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has a postpartum profile with increased cardiovascular (CV) risk factors and heightened prospective CV risk. Epicardial fat tissue was reported to be related to cardiometabolic diseases as metabolically active adipose tissue and natriuretic peptides (NPs) have been shown to have metabolic effects. This study’s aim was to determine the relationship between epicardial fat thickness (EFT) and NPs in the female population diagnosed with GDM. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study involved 161 pregnant women: 96 with GDM, and 65 healthy controls. GDM was diagnosed following the American Diabetes Association (2013) norms for diagnosing diabetes. All patients underwent echocardiography to measure EFT. N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) and other parameters were quantified in blood samples. The Independent Samples t-test, Pearson’s correlation test, and a multivariable logistic regression analysis (LRA) were performed for statistical evaluation. A p-value <0.05 was considered statistically significant. RESULTS: Fasting (91.46±14.29 mg/dl vs. 82.18±8.21 mg/dl) (p<0.001), first-hour (202.30± 21.60 mg/dl vs. 161.57±16.21 mg/dl) (p<0.001), and second-hour (176.95±20.43 mg/dl vs. 130.93±16.95 mg/dl) glucose levels (p<0.001), fasting insulin level (14.54±3.50 mUL/mL vs. 11.51±2.04 mUL/mL; p<0.001), and Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) value (3.28±0.99 vs. 2.31±0.45; p<0.0001) in GDM Group were significantly higher than Control Group. The GDM Group also had significantly increased EFT values compared to the Control Group (4.74±0.65 mm vs. 3.77±0.66 mm; p<0.0001), whereas NT-proBNP levels of diabetic women were considerably lower compared to controls (21.59±19.86 pg/ml vs. 39.74±33.96 pg/ ml; p<0.0001). In addition, EFT thickness and the NT-proBNP level were determined to be significantly negatively correlated (r=-32, p<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: EFT evaluation might play a prognostic role in detecting cardiometabolic risk associated with potential disorders such as GDM. This study showed a potential interplay between epicardial adipose tissue and NPs secreted by cardiomyocytes and practical effects on fat metabolism in GDM subjects. © 2024 Verduci Editore s.r.l. All rights reserved.
Down-Regulation of CPEB4 Alleviates Preeclampsia through the Inhibition of Ferroptosis by PFKFB3; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) complicated with preeclampsia can lead to polyhydramnios, ke-tosis. Herein, we explored that CPEB4 in cancer progression of preeclampsia and its underlying mechanism. All the serum samples were collected from patients with preeclampsia. These was the induction of CPEB4 in patients with preeclampsia. The serum of CPEB4 mRNA expression was positive correlation with Proteinuria, systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure in patients. The serum of CPEB4 mRNA expression was also negative correlation with body weight of infant in patients. The serum of CPEB4 mRNA expression also was negative correlation with GPX4 level and GSH activity level in patients. The serum of CPEB4 mRNA expression was positive correlation with iron content in patients. CPEB4 gene inhibited trophoblast cell proliferation. CPEB4 gene promoted trophoblast cell ferroptosis by mitochondrial damage. CPEB4 gene induced PFKFB3 expression by the inhibition of PFKFB3 Ubiquitination. PFKFB3 inhibitor reduced the effects of CPEB4 on cell proliferation and ferroptosis of trophoblast cell. Taken together, the CPEB4 promoted trophoblast cell ferroptosis through mitochondrial damage by the induction of PFKFB3 expression, CPEB4 as an represents a potential therapeutic strategy for the treatment of preeclampsia or various types of GDM. © 2024 by Begell House, Inc.
Endometrial preparation protocols prior to frozen embryo transfer – convenience or safety?; The number of frozen embryo transfer (FET) cycles is increasing rapidly worldwide. Different endometrial preparations for FET result in comparable live birth rates. However, several recent publications have reported higher maternal risks for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), pre-eclampsia and postpartum haemorrhage (PPH) in programmed cycles (PC-FET) compared with natural cycles and modified natural cycles with an intact corpus luteum. Nevertheless, PC-FET is frequently used in ovulatory women despite the increased risks for HDP, pre-eclampsia and PPH. Although randomized controlled studies have been suggested, PC-FET raises several methodological problems. Large study populations would be required to investigate the outcomes in question, and the inclusion of ovulatory women, where the intervention may increase the risk of a negative outcome, is ethically troublesome. In the authors’ opinion, the existing evidence from large observational studies and systematic reviews is sufficiently strong to recommend an endometrial preparation strategy that aims to maintain or stimulate the corpus luteum to minimize the risk of HDP and pre-eclampsia after FET cycles. © 2023 Reproductive Healthcare Ltd.
Gestational Diabetes and Poor Healthcare Affordability among Pregnant Women: A Double Whammy!; The prevalence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is increasing at a rapid pace globally. This is concerning because GDM can lead to serious health problems like Type 2 Diabetes, Cardiovascular Diseases, and Depression in both the mother and her baby. GDM also increases healthcare expenditure during and after pregnancy and this is particularly worrisome for women belonging to households with poor healthcare affordability. Given the rising prevalence of GDM and its adverse impact, it is crucial to identify its risk factors and explore the factors associated with healthcare affordability among pregnant women. Our work attempts to identify the association between lifestyle (exercise, fruit, and vegetable consumption), sociodemographic factors, and Gestational Diabetes. Second, attempts to investigate the determinants of Health care affordability among pregnant women. Multivariate stepwise logistic regression is used for investigation purposes. We found Depression, higher BMI, and lower fruit intake to be associated with higher odds of GDM among pregnant women. Whereas the presence of GDM, lower socioeconomic position, absence of health insurance, and single motherhood were found to be associated with poor healthcare affordability. Lifestyle and mental health are associated with the GDM risk in pregnant women. Marital status, health insurance, and socioeconomic position are associated with healthcare affordability among pregnant women. The study can aid in better health outcomes for pregnant women and the creation of inclusive health policies. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.. All rights reserved.
Influence of gestational diabetes mellitus on subclinical myocardial dysfunction during pregnancy: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: The correlation between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and subclinical myocardial dysfunction has been poorly investigated. Accordingly, we performed a meta-analysis to examine the influence of GDM on left ventricular (LV) global longitudinal strain (GLS), assessed by speckle tracking echocardiography (STE), during pregnancy. Study design: All echocardiographic studies assessing conventional echoDoppler parameters and LV-GLS in GDM women vs. healthy controls, selected from PubMed and EMBASE databases, were included. The risk of bias was assessed by using the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Quality Assessment of Case-Control Studies. The subtotal and overall standardized mean differences (SMDs) of LV-GLS were calculated using the random-effect model. Results: The full-texts of 10 studies with 1147 women with GDM and 7706 pregnant women without diabetes were analyzed. GDM women enrolled in the included studies were diagnosed with a small reduction in LV-GLS in comparison to controls (average value −19.4 ± 2.5 vs −21.8 ± 2.5 %, P < 0.001) and to the accepted reference values (more negative than −20 %). Substantial heterogeneity was detected for the included studies, with an overall statistic value I2 of 94.4 % (P < 0.001). Large SMDs were obtained for the included studies, with an overall SMD of −0.97 (95 %CI −1.32, −0.63, P < 0.001). Egger's test for a regression intercept gave a P-value of 0.99, indicating no publication bias. On meta-regression analysis, all moderators and/or potential confounders (age at pregnancy, BMI, systolic blood pressure and ethnicity) were not significantly associated with effect modification (all P < 0.05). Conclusions: GDM is independently associated with subclinical myocardial dysfunction in pregnancy. STE analysis allows to identify, among GDM women, those who might benefit of targeted non-pharmacological and/or pharmacological interventions, aimed at reducing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular complications later in life. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Metabolic Dysfunction-associated Fatty Liver Disease: An Urgent Call for Global Action; There has been an exponential increase in the global prevalence of fatty liver disease in recent years in association with the obesity pandemic worldwide. 'Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease', the new terminology adopted by an international panel of experts in 2020 to largely replace the old term 'non-alcoholic fatty liver disease', has now been accepted by most hepatologists and diabetologists across the globe. The term metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease was created to better reflect the metabolic-and liver-specific manifestations and complications of fatty liver disease. It is important to disseminate our current understanding of this enigmatic disease among the global scientific fraternity. Recent publications, including articles from the latest issue of Endocrinology & Metabolism Clinics of North America, are attempting to fill this knowledge gap. © 2024, Touch Briefings. All rights reserved.
Metformin prescription for U.S. veterans with prediabetes, 2010–2019; Affecting an estimated 88 million Americans, prediabetes increases the risk for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and independently, cardiovascular disease, retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy. Nevertheless, little is known about the use of metformin for diabetes prevention among patients in the Veterans Health Administration, the largest integrated healthcare system in the U.S. This is a retrospective observational cohort study of the proportion of Veterans with incident prediabetes who were prescribed metformin at the Veterans Health Administration from October 2010 to September 2019. Among 1,059,605 Veterans with incident prediabetes, 12,009 (1.1%) were prescribed metformin during an average 3.4 years of observation after diagnosis. Metformin prescribing was marginally higher (1.6%) among those with body mass index (BMI) ≥35 kg/m2, age <60 years, HbA1c≥6.0%, or those with a history of gestational diabetes, all subgroups at a higher risk for progression to T2DM. In a multivariable model, metformin was more likely to be prescribed for those with BMI ≥35 kg/m2 incidence rate ratio [IRR] 2.6 [95% confidence intervals (CI): 2.1–3.3], female sex IRR, 2.4 [95% CI: 1.8–3.3], HbA1c≥6% IRR, 1.93 [95% CI: 1.5–2.4], age <60 years IRR, 1.7 [95% CI: 1.3–2.3], hypertriglyceridemia IRR, 1.5 [95% CI: 1.2–1.9], hypertension IRR, 1.5 [95% CI: 1.1–2.1], Major Depressive Disorder IRR, 1.5 [95% CI: 1.1–2.0], or schizophrenia IRR, 2.1 [95% CI: 1.2–3.8]. Over 20% of Veterans with prediabetes attended a comprehensive structured lifestyle modification clinic or program. Among Veterans with prediabetes, metformin was prescribed to 1.1% overall, a proportion that marginally increased to 1.6% in the subset of individuals at highest risk for progression to T2DM. © 2023 American Federation for Medical Research.
Maternal and Neonatal Outcomes of Pregnant Women with Abnormal 50 g Glucose Challenge Tests in Nakhon Si Thammarat, Thailand: A Retrospective Study; (1) Background: An abnormal 50 g glucose challenge test (50 g GCT) during pregnancy, even without a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), may result in undesirable obstetric and neonatal outcomes. This study sought to evaluate the outcomes in pregnant women with abnormal 50 g GCT in secondary care hospitals in Thailand. (2) Methods: A total of 1129 cases of pregnant women with abnormal 50 g GCT results who delivered between January 2018 and December 2020 at Thasala, Sichon, and Thungsong hospitals were retrospectively reviewed and divided into three groups: abnormal 50 g GCT and normal 100 g oral OGTT (Group 1; n = 397 cases), abnormal 50 g GCT and one abnormal 100 g OGTT value (Group 2; n = 452 cases), and GDM (Group 3; n = 307 cases). (3) Results: Cesarean section rates in group 3 (61.9%) were statistically higher than those in groups 1 (43.6%) and 2 (49.4%) (p < 0.001). In addition, the highest rate of birth asphyxia was found in group 2 (5.9%), which was significantly higher than that in Groups 1 (1.8%) and 3 (3.3%) (p = 0.007). (4) Conclusions: Pregnant women with abnormal 50 g GCTs without a diagnosis of GDM had undesirable maternal and neonatal outcomes, as well as those who had GDM, suggesting that healthcare providers should closely monitor them throughout pregnancy and the postpartum period. © 2023 by the authors.
C-reactive protein during pregnancy and in the early postpartum predicts adverse metabolic health outcomes at 1 year postpartum in women with gestational diabetes; Background: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have higher insulin resistance and/or reduced secretion, an increased risk of future diabetes and cardiovascular disease, which may be due to a pathological activation of the innate immune system. C-reactive protein (CRP) is induced by inflammatory cytokines and reflects innate immune activity. We investigated the prospective associations between CRP during the perinatal period with adverse metabolic outcomes at 1 year postpartum in women with previous GDM. Methods: We analyzed data from the MySweetheart trial that included 211 women with GDM at 28–32 weeks gestational age (GA). CRP was measured during pregnancy at 28-32 weeks GA, at 6–8 weeks and at 1 year postpartum. Metabolic outcomes at 1 year postpartum included weight, total and central body fat, measures of insulin resistance and secretion and presence of the metabolic syndrome (MetS). A 75 g oral glucose tolerance test was performed to measure glucose and insulin values every 30 min over 2 h to calculate indices of insulin resistance (MATSUDA, HOMA-IR) and of absolute (AUCins/glu, HOMA-B) and insulin resistance-adjusted insulin secretion (ISSI-2). Results: CRP during pregnancy and at 6–8 weeks postpartum predicted increased weight, body fat and visceral adipose tissue (VAT), insulin resistance (higher HOMA-IR, lower MATSUDA), absolute insulin secretion (HOMA-B, AUCins/glu), a reduced adjusted insulin secretion (ISSI-2) and a higher prevalence of the MetS at 1 year postpartum (all p ≤ 0.036). These relationships particularly those concerning CRP during pregnancy, were independent of weight (for VAT, insulin resistance and secretion indices, MetS; all p ≤ 0.032) and of body fat (for VAT, MATSUDA, MetS; all p ≤ 0.038). Conclusion: CRP during pregnancy and in the early postpartum predicted an adverse cardio-metabolic profile in women with prior GDM at 1 year postpartum independent of weight. The prospective association of CRP with increased insulin resistance and reduced adjusted insulin secretion hint to the role of inflammation in the development of impaired metabolism after GDM and could be used as an early marker for risk stratification. © 2023, The Author(s).
Haematinic deficiency in pregnancy: another HELLP mimic; Haematinic deficiency is not uncommon in pregnancy. Folate deficiency is more common than B12 deficiency because of the increased uptake of folate in pregnancy, and the fact that B12 stores take much longer to deplete. Described here are five cases of anaemia in pregnancy secondary to severe haematinic deficiency with subsequent management and pregnancy outcomes. In the majority of cases, the women were proteinuric, but systemically well and normotensive. Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura and HELLP were both considered, but the identification of very abnormal folate levels of less than 3 μg/L in all and low B12 deficiency in the majority made haematinic deficiency the most likely diagnosis. They all received high dose folic acid, parenteral vitamin B12 and oral iron and made good haematological recoveries. Adequate antenatal correction of vitamin deficiency like this avoids bone marrow suppression and helps minimise poor obstetric outcomes associated with pre-existing anaemia including post-partum haemorrhage. © The Author(s) 2022.
Commentary from the Italian Association of Medical Diabetologists (AMD) and Italian Society of Diabetology (SID) Interassociative Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group on the screening and diagnostic methods for gestational diabetes: An open debate; The current board of the interassociative Italian association of medical diabetologists (AMD)/Italian society of diabetology (SID) Diabetes and Pregnancy Italian Study Group commented about two recent papers published in the New England Journal of Medicine that investigated the screening and diagnostic methods for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). It is well recognized that effective screening and accurate, early diagnosis of GDM contributes to better management of these women in order to reduce adverse maternal and fetal/neonatal outcomes. However, there is worldwide controversy concerning which screening (selective or universal; one step or two steps) and which diagnostic criteria (glucose thresholds) are appropriate. The main findings of these papers are discussed along with their implications for the management of pregnant women. © 2023 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University
A Meta-Analysis of Differences in Thyroid and Cardiac Function Between Women with Normal Pregnancies and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objective • This is a meta-analysis of thyroid function (TF) and cardiac function (CF) differences between women with normal pregnancies and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), in order to provide more reliable reference and guidance for the future clinical prevention and treatment of GDM. Methods • Studies on the correlation of GDM with TF and CF were searched in PubMed, Cochrane Library, and other literature databases, and the literature for final analysis was confirmed after screening according to the eligibility criteria. Authors, publication time, research subjects, and endpoints were extracted for meta-analysis using Review 5.3 software. Results • After screening, 10 studies with a total of 2554 subjects were selected, including 1125 GDM patients (GDM group) and 1429 normal pregnant women (control group). All the included papers scored 6-7 points on the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale used for literature quality evaluation, implying high-quality research. In the meta-analysis, the relationship between GDM and TF, TSH, and FT3 increased evidently in the GDM group, while FT4 decreased (P <.05). The meta-analysis of GDM and CF revealed lower LVEF and E/A while higher E/E’ in GDM patients compared to the controls (P <.05). The funnel plot showed that the graphs of all the endpoints were basically symmetrical, indicating low publication bias. Conclusion • Given the obvious thyroid dysfunction and cardiac dysfunction in GDM patients, symptomatic intervention measures should be taken actively and timely to improve the safety of GDM patients during pregnancy. © 2023, InnoVision Communications. All rights reserved.
Gestational weight gain charts for Latin American adolescents; Monitoring gestational weight gain (GWG) throughout pregnancy among adolescents is important for detecting individuals at risk and timely intervention. However, there are no specific tools or guidelines for GWG monitoring of this group. We aimed to construct GWG charts for pregnant adolescents (10–19 years old) according to pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) using a pooled dataset from nine Latin American countries. Datasets from Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, and Uruguay collected between 2003 and 2021 were combined after data cleaning and harmonization. Adolescents free of diseases that could affect GWG and who gave birth to newborns weighing between 2,500–4,000 g and free of congenital malformations were included. Multiple imputation techniques were applied to increase the sample size available for underweight and obesity categories. Generalized Additive Models for Location, Scale, and Shape were used to construct the charts of GWG according to gestational age. Internal and external validation procedures were performed to ensure that models were not over-adjusted to the data. The cohort included 6,414 individuals and 29,414 measurements to construct the charts and 1,684 individuals and 8,879 measurements for external validation. The medians (and interquartile ranges) for GWG at 40 weeks according to pre-pregnancy BMI were: underweight, 14.9 (11.9–18.6); normal weight, 14.0 (10.6–17.7); overweight, 11.6 (7.7–15.6); obesity, 10.6 kg (6.7–14.3). Internal and external validation showed that the percentages above/ below selected percentiles were close to those expected, except for underweight adolescents. These charts describe the GWG throughout pregnancy among Latin American adolescents and represent a significant contribution to the prenatal care of this group. GWG cut-offs based on values associated with lower risks of unfavorable outcomes for the mother-child binomial should be determined before implementing the charts in clinical practice. © 2023 Restrepo-Mesa et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Association of Gestational Diabetes with Subsequent Long-Term Risk of Mortality; Importance: Gestational diabetes has been associated with numerous chronic diseases. However, few studies have examined the association of gestational diabetes with long-term mortality risk. Objective: To investigate the associations between gestational diabetes and long-term risks of total and cause-specific mortality. Design, Setting, and Participants: This cohort study analyzed participants of the Nurses' Health Study II who were followed for 30 years (1989-2019). Participants included US female nurses aged 25 to 42 years who reported at least 1 pregnancy (≥6 months) at 18 years or older across their reproductive life span. Data were analyzed from May 1, 2022, to May 25, 2023. Exposure: Gestational diabetes across the reproductive life span. Main Outcomes and Measures: Hazard ratios (HRs with 95% CIs) for total and cause-specific mortality were estimated by Cox proportional hazards regression models. Results: A total of 91426 parous participants were included, with a mean (SD) age of 34.9 (4.7) years and a body mass index of 24.1 (4.7) at baseline. During a follow-up period of 2609753 person-years, 3937 deaths were documented, including 255 deaths from cardiovascular disease and 1397 from cancer. Participants with a history of gestational diabetes had a higher crude mortality rate than those without a history of gestational diabetes (1.74 vs 1.49 per 1000 person-years; absolute difference = 0.25 per 1000 person-years). The corresponding HR for total mortality was 1.28 (95% CI, 1.13-1.44), which did not materially change after additional adjustment for potential confounders and lifestyle factors during the reproductive life span (HR, 1.25; 95% CI, 1.11-1.41). The association persisted regardless of the subsequent development of type 2 diabetes and was more robust among participants who adopted less healthy lifestyles; experienced gestational diabetes in 2 or more pregnancies (HR, 1.48; 95% CI, 0.99-2.19); had gestational diabetes both in the initial and subsequent pregnancies (HR, 1.71; 95% CI, 1.11-2.63); and concurrently reported hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HR, 1.80; 95% CI, 1.21-2.67), preterm birth (HR, 2.46; 95% CI, 1.66-3.64), or low birth weight (HR, 2.11; 95% CI, 1.21-3.68). Cause-specific mortality analyses revealed that gestational diabetes was directly associated with the risk of mortality due to cardiovascular disease (HR, 1.59; 95% CI, 1.03-2.47). Additionally, gestational diabetes was inversely associated with cancer mortality (HR, 0.76; 95% CI, 0.59-0.98); however, it was only evident among participants who later developed type 2 diabetes. Conclusions and Relevance: Results of this cohort study suggest that participants who reported a history of gestational diabetes exhibited a small but elevated risk of subsequent mortality over 30 years. The findings emphasize the importance of considering gestational diabetes as a critical factor in later-life mortality risk.. © 2023 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy Complications Are Associated with Premature Coronary Artery Disease: Linking Three Cohorts; Background: There is increasing evidence that women who experience placenta-mediated pregnancy complications and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at higher risk for the development of coronary artery disease (CAD) later in life. We hypothesized that there is an association between placenta-mediated pregnancy complications, GDM, and risk of premature CAD (PCAD). Methods: This research project involved a data linkage approach merging three databases of South Australian cohorts by using a retrospective, age-matched case–control study design. Cases (n = 721) were ascertained from the Coronary Angiogram Database of South Australia (CADOSA). Women <60 years from CADOSA were linked to South Australian Perinatal Statistics Collection (SAPSC) to ascertain their prior pregnancy outcomes. Controls (n = 194) were selected from North West Adelaide Health Study (NWAHS) and comprised women who were healthy or had other health conditions unrelated to CAD, age-matched to CADOSA (–5 years), and linked to SAPSC to determine their pregnancy outcomes. PCAD was defined as >50% stenosis in one or more coronary arteries at coronary angiography. Results: Compared with women without a history of PCAD, women who were diagnosed with PCAD were more likely to have experienced the placenta-mediated pregnancy complications of preterm birth (adjusted odds ratio [OR] = 2.46, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.21–5.00) or low-birth weight (adjusted OR = 2.44, 95% CI: 1.22–4.88), or have been diagnosed with active asthma during pregnancy (adjusted OR = 3.52, 95% CI: 1.05–11.76). Conclusion: Placenta-mediated pregnancy complications should be recognized as clear risk markers for future PCAD. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Preventing CVD in Women: Common Questions and Answers; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the most common cause of mortality in the United States. Women have unique risk factors for CVD, including pregnancy, hormones, autoimmune disorders, and psychological stress. Most risk calculators underestimate the risk of CVD in women; therefore, it is essential that physicians have a heightened awareness of risk-enhancing factors. A thorough history of adverse pregnancy conditions, hormonal factors, autoimmune diseases, and psychological stress, including adverse social determinants of health, should be documented in the electronic health record. A risk assessment using the Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease Risk Calculator should be routinely performed, and those with borderline (5% to less than 7.5%) and intermediate (7.5% to less than 20%) risk should undergo lifestyle modification counseling and shared decision-making regarding the initiation of a statin, aspirin, or antihypertensive therapy. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus should be screened at four to 12 weeks postpartum with a two-hour oral glucose tolerance test, and, if normal, the test should be repeated every one to three years. Women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy should be assessed within three months of delivery, and CVD risk assessment should occur annually thereafter. Because women with a history of adverse pregnancy conditions have higher rates of traditional CVD risk factors that emerge at younger ages, earlier and more frequent monitoring should be considered. Optimizing management of mood disorders, traditional CVD risk factors, and autoimmune diseases and considering the effects of social determinants of health are essential. Lifestyle modification counseling should include guidance to adhere to a plant-based diet that is mostly vegetables, fruits, legumes, nuts, whole grains, and fish; 150 minutes of moderate-intensity or 75 minutes of vigorous-intensity exercise weekly; and tobacco cessation. Copyright © 2023 American Academy of Family Physicians.
Postpartum follow-up of women with preeclampsia: facilitators and barriers — A qualitative study; Background: Pregnancy causes physiological changes to the maternal organ systems that can be regarded as a cardiometabolic stress test for women. Preeclampsia, a pregnancy complication characterized by new onset of hypertension in combination with proteinuria or end-organ dysfunction, affects approximately 2–8% of pregnancies. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, including preeclampsia, have been described as a failed stress test and have been consistently linked with increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life. The postpartum period is therefore often regarded as a window of opportunity for cardiovascular disease prevention. However, we lack knowledge about how women with preeclampsia experience current postpartum care in the Norwegian health system. The aim of this qualitative study is to uncover women’s perspectives and preferences regarding postpartum follow-up. Methods: Semi-structured telephone interviews were conducted with 17 women following a six-month lifestyle intervention study. Participants were 9–20 months postpartum, following a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia. Data were analyzed using Malterud’s systematic text condensation. Results: We identified five themes, each with 2–3 subthemes, that demonstrate how women with recent preeclampsia experience postpartum follow-up: (1) fear and uncertainty (a body out of balance and facing an uncertain future), (2) a conversation on lifestyle – not really that difficult (preeclampsia as a gateway, a respectful approach, and a desire for more constructive feedback), (3) when your own health is not a priority (a new everyday life, out of focus, and lack of support), (4) motivation for lifestyle changes (an eye opener, lack of intrinsic motivation, and a helping hand), and (5) lack of structured and organized follow-up (there should be a proper system, a one-sided follow-up care, and individual variation in follow-up care). Conclusions: Findings from this study highlight the need for more systematic postpartum follow-up for women after a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia. Further research is required to explore the potential use of standardized guidelines and routine invitations to postpartum care. Furthermore, exploring health care professionals’ experiences is crucial to ensure their engagement in postpartum care after complicated pregnancies. © 2023, The Author(s).
Population-based birth cohort study on diabetes in pregnancy and infant hospitalisations in Cree, other First Nations and non-Indigenous communities in Quebec; Objectives Diabetes in pregnancy, whether pre-gestational (chronic) or gestational (de novo hyperglycaemia), increases the risk of adverse birth outcomes. It is unclear whether gestational diabetes increases the risk of postnatal morbidity in infants. Cree First Nations in Quebec are at high risk for diabetes in pregnancy. We assessed whether pre-gestational or gestational diabetes may increase infant hospitalisation (an infant morbidity indicator) incidence, and whether this may be related to more frequent infant hospitalisations in Cree and other First Nations in Quebec. Design Population-based birth cohort study through administrative health data linkage. Setting and participants Singleton infants (≤1 year) born to mothers in Cree (n=5070), other First Nations (9910) and non-Indigenous (48 200) communities in rural Quebec. Results Both diabetes in pregnancy and infant hospitalisation rates were much higher comparing Cree (23.7% and 29.0%) and other First Nations (12.4% and 34.1%) to non-Indigenous (5.9% and 15.5%) communities. Compared with non-diabetes, pre-gestational diabetes was associated with an increased risk of any infant hospitalisation to a greater extent in Cree and other First Nations (relative risk (RR) 1.56 (95% CI 1.28 to 1.91)) than non-Indigenous (RR 1.26 (1.15 to 1.39)) communities. Pre-gestational diabetes was associated with increased risks of infant hospitalisation due to diseases of multiple systems in all communities. There were no significant associations between gestational diabetes and risks of infant hospitalisation in all communities. The population attributable risk fraction of infant hospitalisations (overall) for pre-gestational diabetes was 6.2% in Cree, 1.6% in other First Nations and 0.3% in non-Indigenous communities. Conclusions The study is the first to demonstrate that pre-gestational diabetes increases the risk of infant hospitalisation overall and due to diseases of multiple systems, but gestational diabetes does not. High prevalence of pre-gestational diabetes may partly account for the excess infant hospitalisations in Cree and other First Nations communities in Quebec. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2023. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ. For numbered affiliations see end of article.
Acute leg pain and weakness in pregnancy: A new diagnosis of myotonic dystrophy; We present a unique case of a 44-year-old woman who presented at 29 weeks’ gestation with proximal limb pain and elevated creatine kinase. This occurred in the background of premature cataracts, atrial fibrillation and abnormal liver function. Clinical, pathological and neurodiagnostic findings supported a diagnosis of myotonic dystrophy, confirmed by genetic testing which revealed dystrophia myotonica protein kinase gene expansion. Muscle biopsy found both recent necrotising and chronic myopathic processes. Following delivery, the mother's myalgia resolved and creatine kinase quickly declined. The fetus was diagnosed with congenital myotonic dystrophy. We review the impact of myotonic dystrophy on pregnancy and discuss potential explanations for this patient's clinical course. This case emphasises the importance of considering myotonic dystrophy as a differential diagnosis in the right clinical context and the need for pre-pregnancy assessment and genetic counselling in women with known myotonic dystrophy. © The Author(s) 2022.
Correction: Gestational diabetes mellitus, follow-up of future maternal risk of cardiovascular disease and the use of eHealth technologies – a scoping review (Systematic Reviews, (2023), 12, 1, (178), 10.1186/s13643-023-02343-w); Following publication of the original article [1], the authors found one mistake while reading the article. In Fig. 1 as follows, in the second box in the right column, it should be “2672 studies irrelevant”. (Figure presented.) PRISMA flowchart The correct figure is shown here and the original article has been corrected. © 2023, The Author(s).
Inflammation and decreased cardiovagal modulation are linked to stress and depression at 36th week of pregnancy in gestational diabetes mellitus; Stress and depression have been reported in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Though inflammation and oxidative stress are associated with depression, there are no reports of link of cardiometabolic risks (CMR) to stress and depression in GDM. Normal pregnant women (control group, n = 164) and women with GDM (study group, n = 176) at 36th week of gestation were recruited for the study. Blood pressure (BP), body composition, heart rate variability (HRV), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1C), markers of insulin resistance, oxidative stress, inflammation and endothelial dysfunction, were assessed. Perceived stress score (PSS), quality of life (QoL) scale, Indian diabetic risk score (IDRS) and Edinburg postnatal depression score (EPDS) were assessed. Association of potential contributors to PSS and EDPS were assessed by correlation and regression analyses. There was significant increase in PSS, EPDS, IDRS scores, HbA1C, malondialdehyde (MDA) (oxidative stress marker) and high-sensitive C-reactive protein and interleukin-6 (inflammatory markers), and significant decrease in total power (TP) of HRV (marker of cardiovagal modulation), QoL and nitric oxide (endothelial dysfunction marker) in study group compared to control group. Though many cardiometabolic risk parameters were correlated with PSS and EPDS, the significant independent association was observed for TP, HbA1C, MDA and interleukin-6. However, interleukin-6 had maximum contribution to PSS (β = 0.550, p < 0.001) and EPDS (β = 0.393, p < 0.001) as demonstrated by multiple regression analysis. Inflammation, oxidative stress, glycation status and decreased cardiovagal modulation are associated with stress and depression at 36th week of gestation in GDM. © 2023, The Author(s).
Impact of obesity on female puberty and pubertal disorders; The worldwide epidemic of obesity appears to be one of the crucial health problems. One-third of children and adolescents in the United States are classified as either overweight or obese and 6% of adolescents are severely obese. With the development of high technology, children, and adolescents, spend more time in sedentary life. Together with the availability of consuming fast caloric food, it is almost unavoidable to get an imbalance between caloric intake and caloric expenditure of energy, resulting in the accumulation of fat-energy stores. Obesity has an enormous impact on physical and psychological health and is associated with more than 29 adverse health consequences previously identified in the adult population only, such as type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, metabolic syndrome, postmenopausal breast cancer, and others. In addition, excess adiposity may exert a harmful effect on the reproductive system, resulting in precocious puberty, irregular menstrual cycle, polycystic ovary syndrome, and high-risk sexual behavior. Intervention programs for healthy lifestyle modification, consisting of caloric restriction together with physical activity did not gain the expected efficacy. Other approaches as medical and surgical therapies are currently not evidence-based for the young population. The obesity crisis in children and adolescents requires a better understanding of etiology, pathophysiology, and management of obesity in this unique population. Researchers and physicians must “turn over every stone” to find a solution for deviating obesity ascent. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Right Internal Iliac Pseudoaneurysm in Pregnancy; BACKGROUND: Internal iliac pseudoaneurysm is a rare and often asymptomatic finding. Diagnosing pseudoaneurysms are critical, as rupture may lead to shock and carries a high mortality rate for patient and fetus. CASE: A G2P1 female at 34 4/7 weeks pregnancy is found to have a ruptured right internal iliac pseudoaneurysm. CT angiogram confirmed the diagnosis after routine prenatal ultrasound for abdominal pain raised concern for the finding. Primary caesarian delivery was performed with vascular surgery for concurrent delivery and pseudoaneurysm coiling. CONCLUSION: Pseudoaneurysm should be considered in diagnosis for pelvic or abdominal pain in pregnant women. A complex heterogenous adnexal mass with blood flow in pregnancy warrants further studies including CT angiogram. © 2023 The Author(s)
Associations of elevated glucose levels at each time point during OGTT with fetal congenital heart diseases: a cohort study of 72,236 births; Background: It remains unclear how the condition of glucose metabolism during pregnancy affects fetal outcomes. This study aimed to investigate the associations of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and elevated glucose levels at each time point during oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with congenital heart disease (CHD) risk in offspring. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of mothers with singleton pregnancies of 20 weeks or more registered at Maternal and Child Health Centers in Fujian Province, China. The OGTT results and offspring CHD occurrence were collected. We used logistic regression to analyse the association between elevated blood glucose at each time point during OGTT and CHD. Results: A total of 71,703 normal and 533 CHD fetuses were included. Compared to the corresponding normal group, women with GDM, elevated blood glucose at different time points in OGTT (0 h ≥ 5.1 mmol/L, 1 h ≥ 10 mmol/L, and 2 h ≥ 8.5 mmol/L) showed an increased risk of CHD in offspring (adjusted OR = 1.41, 1.36, 1.37, and 1.41, all P < 0.05, respectively). Compared to group 1 (normal OGTT 0 h, 1 h and 2 h), the risk of CHD was higher in group 3 (normal OGTT 0 h and abnormal OGTT 1 h or 2 h) and group 4 (abnormal OGTT 0 h, 1 h and 2 h), OR = 1.53 and 2.21, all P < 0.05, respectively. Moreover, we divided participants by advanced maternal age, multipara, assisted reproduction, fetal sex, and others, similar associations were observed in the subgroup analyses. Conclusion: Elevated blood glucose at different time points during OGTT was associated with CHD in offspring. Fetuses of pregnant women with GDM should be screened for a high risk of CHD. © 2023, The Author(s).
A case of cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis with massive xanthomas but without a considerable increase in serum cholestanol levels; Cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis (CTX) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder caused by mutations in the sterol 27-hydroxylase gene (CYP27A1). Due to the deficiency of 27-hydroxylase, the synthesis of bile acids from cholesterol is impaired and excessive cholestanol accumulates in various tissues, such as the central nervous system, tendons, and lenses. Patients with CTX typically manifest intellectual decline, pyramidal tract symptoms, cerebellar symptoms, tendon xanthomas, juvenile cataracts, neonatal jaundice, chronic diarrhea, osteoporosis, and premature cardiovascular disease. Here, we report the atypical case of a 35-year-old female with CTX having massive xanthomas but without a considerable increase in serum cholestanol levels (3.9 µg/mL). In the differential diagnosis of xanthoma, CTX should not be ruled out even if the serum levels of cholestanol are not high, and genetic testing is necessary to make the appropriate diagnosis. © 2023
Postpartum lifestyle behaviour among women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus: Evidence from the HUNT study; Introduction Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Recommendations for postpartum follow-up include targeted lifestyle advice to lower the risk. The aim of this study was to compare postpartum lifestyle behaviours and perceptions among women with and without a history of GDM. In addition, we examined whether lifestyle behaviours of women with a history of GDM participating in a lifestyle intervention study differed from lifestyle behaviours of women with a history of GDM in the general population. Research design and methods We linked data from the fourth survey of the population-based Trøndelag Health Study (HUNT4) to information from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway for women with registered births between 2000 and 2019. Using logistic regression, we compared lifestyle behaviours in women with and without GDM. In secondary analyses, lifestyle behaviours in women with GDM participating in a postpartum lifestyle intervention study were compared with HUNT participants with GDM using Fisher's exact tests/t-tests. Results A high proportion of the women in our population, regardless of GDM history, reported several unhealthy lifestyle behaviours. We found no significant association between history of GDM and lifestyle behaviours. The lifestyle intervention study for women with a history of GDM appeared to recruit women with more favourable lifestyle behaviours. Conclusions Women, regardless of GDM history, could potentially benefit from further support for lifestyle improvement, but it may be especially important in women with a history of GDM given their increased risk of T2DM and CVD. Interventions targeting women with GDM might not reach the women with the unhealthiest lifestyle behaviours, and measures to reach out to all women should be further investigated.  © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2023. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Assessment of Myocardial Function in Infants of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Using Deformation Imaging over the First Year of Age; Objective: To assess serial myocardial performance and pulmonary vascular resistance (PVR) in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) over the first year of life. Study design: This was a prospective, observational study. Echocardiography was performed at birth, 6 months, and 1 year of age. Pulmonary artery acceleration time and left ventricular (LV) eccentricity index provided surrogate measurements of PVR. Biventricular function was assessed by tissue Doppler imaging and deformation analysis. Results: Fifty infants of mothers with GDM were compared with 50 controls with no difference in gestation (38.9 ± 0.8 weeks vs 39.3 ± 0.9 weeks; P = .05) or birthweight (3.55 ± 0.49 kg vs 3.56 ± 0.41 kg; P = .95). At 1 year of age, the pulmonary artery acceleration time was lower (70 ± 11 vs 79 ± 10; P = .01) in the GDM group. LV global longitudinal strain (24.7 ± 1.9 vs 28.8 ± 1.8 %; P < .01), LV systolic strain rate (1.8 ± 0.2 vs 2.1 ± 0.3 1/s; P < .01), and RV free wall strain (31.1 ± 4.8 vs 34.6 ± 3.9 %; P < .01) were lower in the GDM cohort at 1 year of age (all P values adjusted for gestation, mode of delivery, and maternal body mass index). Conclusions: Our findings demonstrate higher indices of PVR and lower biventricular function in infants of mothers with GDM compared with controls at each time point assessed in this study over the first year of life. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Global, Regional and National Trends in the Burden of Neonatal Respiratory Failure and essentials of its diagnosis and management from 1992 to 2022: a scoping review; Neonatal respiratory failure (NRF) is an emergency which has not been examined extensively. We critically synthesized the contemporary in-hospital prevalence, mortality rate, predictors, aetiologies, diagnosis and management of NRF to better formulate measures to curb its burden. We searched MEDLINE and Google Scholar from 01/01/1992 to 31/12/2022 for relevant publications. We identified 237 papers from 58 high-income and low-and middle-income countries (LMICs). NRF prevalence ranged from 0.64 to 88.4% with some heterogeneity. The prevalence was highest in Africa, the Middle East and Asia. Globally as well as in Asia and the Americas, respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) was the leading aetiology of NRF. Neonatal sepsis was first aetiology in Africa, whereas in both Europe and the Middle East it was transient tachypnoea of the newborn. Independent predictors of NRF were prematurity, male gender, ethnicity, low/high birth weight, young/advanced maternal age, primiparity/multiparity, maternal smoking, pregestational/gestational diabetes mellitus, infectious anamneses, antepartum haemorrhage, gestational hypertensive disorders, multiple pregnancy, caesarean delivery, antenatal drugs, foetal distress, APGAR score, meconium-stained amniotic fluid and poor pregnancy follow-up. The NRF-related in-hospital mortality rate was 0.21–57.3%, highest in Africa, Asia and the Middle East. This death toll was primarily due to RDS globally and in all regions. Clinical evaluation using the Silverman-Anderson score was widely used and reliable. Initial resuscitation followed by specific management was the common clinical practice. Conclusion: NRF has a high burden globally, driven by RDS, especially in LIMCs where more aggressive treatment and innovations, preferably subsidized, are warranted to curb its alarming burden. (Table presented.). © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2023.
The Role of the FGF19 Family in the Pathogenesis of Gestational Diabetes: A Narrative Review; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common pregnancy complications. Understanding the pathogenesis and appropriate diagnosis of GDM enables the implementation of early interventions during pregnancy that reduce the risk of maternal and fetal complications. At the same time, it provides opportunities to prevent diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases in women with GDM and their offspring in the future. Fibroblast growth factors (FGFs) represent a heterogeneous family of signaling proteins which play a vital role in cell proliferation and differentiation, repair of damaged tissues, wound healing, angiogenesis, and mitogenesis and also affect the regulation of carbohydrate, lipid, and hormone metabolism. Abnormalities in the signaling function of FGFs may lead to numerous pathological conditions, including metabolic diseases. The FGF19 subfamily, also known as atypical FGFs, which includes FGF19, FGF21, and FGF23, is essential in regulating metabolic homeostasis and acts as a hormone while entering the systemic circulation. Many studies have pointed to the involvement of the FGF19 subfamily in the pathogenesis of metabolic diseases, including GDM, although the results are inconclusive. FGF19 and FGF21 are thought to be associated with insulin resistance, an essential element in the pathogenesis of GDM. FGF21 may influence placental metabolism and thus contribute to fetal growth and metabolism regulation. The observed relationship between FGF21 and increased birth weight could suggest a potential role for FGF21 in predicting future metabolic abnormalities in children born to women with GDM. In this group of patients, different mechanisms may contribute to an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases in women in later life, and FGF23 appears to be their promising early predictor. This study aims to present a comprehensive review of the FGF19 subfamily, emphasizing its role in GDM and predicting its long-term metabolic consequences for mothers and their offspring. © 2023 by the authors.
Blood Cell Parameters From Early to Middle Pregnancy and Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Context: Chronic low-grade inflammation may play a crucial role in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). However, prospective studies on the relations of inflammatory blood cell parameters during pregnancy with GDM are lacking. Objective: To prospectively investigate the associations of inflammatory blood cell parameters in both early and middle pregnancy, and their change patterns from early to middle pregnancy, with GDM risk. Methods: We used data from the Tongji-Shuangliu Birth Cohort. Inflammatory blood cell parameters (white blood cells [WBC], neutrophils, lymphocytes, monocytes, neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio [NLR], and platelets) were assayed before 15 weeks and between 16 and 28 weeks of gestational age. Logistic regression was used to evaluate the associations between inflammatory blood cell parameters and GDM. Results: Of the 6354 pregnant women, 445 were diagnosed with GDM. After adjustment for potential confounders, WBC, neutrophils, lymphocytes, monocytes, and NLR in early pregnancy were positively associated with GDM risk (odds ratios [95% CI] for extreme-quartile comparison were 2.38 [1.76-3.20], 2.47 [1.82-3.36], 1.40 [1.06-1.85], 1.69 [1.27-2.24], and 1.51 [1.12-2.02], respectively, all P for trend ≤ .010). Similarly, higher levels of WBC, neutrophils, monocytes, and NLR in middle pregnancy were associated with increased risk of GDM (all P for trend ≤ .014). Stable high levels (≥ median in both early and middle pregnancy) of WBC, neutrophils, monocytes, and NLR were positively associated with GDM risk (all P ≤ .001). Conclusion: Increased WBC, neutrophils, monocytes, and NLR in both early and middle pregnancy and their stable high levels from early to middle pregnancy were associated with higher GDM risk, highlighting that they might be clinically relevant for identifying individuals at high risk for GDM. © The Author(s) 2023. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society.
Portable Infrared-Based Glucometer Reinforced with Fuzzy Logic; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic metabolic condition characterized by high blood glucose levels owing to decreased insulin production or sensitivity. Current diagnostic approaches for gestational diabetes entail intrusive blood tests, which are painful and impractical for regular monitoring. Additionally, typical blood glucose monitoring systems are restricted in their measurement frequency and need finger pricks for blood samples. This research study focuses on the development of a non-invasive, real-time glucose monitoring method based on the detection of glucose in human tears and finger blood using mid-infrared (IR) spectroscopy. The proposed solution combines a fuzzy logic-based calibration mechanism with an IR sensor and Arduino controller. This calibration technique increases the accuracy of non-invasive glucose testing based on MID absorbance in fingertips and human tears. The data demonstrate that our device has high accuracy and reliability, with an error rate of less than 3%, according to the EGA. Out of 360 measurements, 97.5% fell into zone A, 2.2% into zone B, and 0.3% into zone C of the Clarke Error Grid. This suggests that our device can give clinically precise and acceptable estimates of blood glucose levels without inflicting any harm or discomfort on the user. © 2023 by the authors.
Metabolomic Profiles of Nonobese and Obese Women With Gestational Diabetes; Context: In non-pregnant population, nonobese individuals with obesity-related metabolome have increased risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. The risk of these diseases is also increased after gestational diabetes. Objective: This work aimed to examine whether nonobese (body mass index [BMI] < 30) and obese (BMI ≥ 30) women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obese non-GDM women differ in metabolomic profiles from nonobese non-GDM controls. Methods: Levels of 66 metabolic measures were assessed in early (median 13, IQR 12.4-13.7 gestation weeks), and across early, mid (20, 19.3-23.0), and late (28, 27.0-35.0) pregnancy blood samples in 755 pregnant women from the PREDO and RADIEL studies. The independent replication cohort comprised 490 pregnant women. Results: Nonobese and obese GDM, and obese non-GDM women differed similarly from the controls across early, mid, and late pregnancy in 13 measures, including very low-density lipoprotein-related measures, and fatty acids. In 6 measures, including fatty acid (FA) ratios, glycolysis-related measures, valine, and 3-hydroxybutyrate, the differences between obese GDM women and controls were more pronounced than the differences between nonobese GDM or obese non-GDM women and controls. In 16 measures, including HDL-related measures, FA ratios, amino acids, and inflammation, differences between obese GDM or obese non-GDM women and controls were more pronounced than the differences between nonobese GDM women and controls. Most differences were evident in early pregnancy, and in the replication cohort were more often in the same direction than would be expected by chance alone. Conclusion: Differences between nonobese and obese GDM, or obese non-GDM women and controls in metabolomic profiles may allow detection of high-risk women for timely targeted preventive interventions. © The Author(s) 2023. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society.
Role of IL-34 and its receptors in inflammatory diseases; In recent years, IL-34 has been widely discussed as a novel cytokine. IL-34 is a pro-inflammatory cytokine binding four distinct receptors, namely CSF-1R, syndecan-1, PTP-ζ and TREM2. Previous studies have shown that IL-34 and its receptors play important roles in the development and progression of various inflammatory diseases. Therefore, IL-34 has the potential to be a biomarker and therapeutic target for inflammatory diseases. However, further study is still needed to identify the specific mechanism through which IL-34 contributes to illness. In this article, we review the recent advances in the biological roles of IL-34 and its receptors as well as their roles in the development and therapeutic application of inflammatory diseases. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Comparative study of diabetic ketoacidosis in the elderly and non-elderly patients: A nine-year experience from an academic hospital in North India; Background and aims: Despite an increasing prevalence of the aged population with diabetes in low-middle-income countries, there is limited literature on geriatric hyperglycemic emergencies. The present study aimed to compare the spectrum and outcomes of diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) between elderly and non-elderly adult patients in India. Methods: Seventy-seven elderly patients (≥60 years) were compared to 477 non-elderly patients (13–59 years) with DKA admitted to the medical emergency, Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research, Chandigarh, India, between January 2014 and December 2022. Clinical features, laboratory parameters, precipitating factors, and in-hospital outcomes were reviewed. Results: Elderly patients less commonly had vomiting and abdominal pain than non-elderly patients (31.3 % vs. 66.2 %, 27.3 % vs. 60.1 %, respectively) and typically presented with dyspnea (48.5 %), altered mental status (47.8 %), and fever (46.3 %). Ketonemia and metabolic acidosis were significantly more marked in non-elderly patients, whereas elderly patients frequently had anemia, hypoalbuminemia, and renal dysfunction. The most common precipitations of geriatric DKA were infections (70.1 %), followed by treatment non-adherence (66.2 %) and non-infectious disorders (35.1 %). Infections and non-infectious disorders were significantly more frequent in elderly patients than in non-elderly patients. Respiratory and urinary tract infections were prevalent in both age groups. In-hospital survival was 74.9 % (n = 415) and remained lower in older patients (48.1 % vs. 79.2 %, P-value <0.001). The independent prognostic factors were age (OR 1.030, 95 % CI 1.006–1.054, P = 0.014), Glasgow coma scale (OR 0.789, 95 % CI 0.717–0.869, P <0.001), and infection trigger (OR 6.635, 95 % CI 2.852–15.441, P <0.001). Conclusion: Older patients with DKA present atypically, frequently have precipitation with infections and noninfectious disorders, and have poor outcomes. © 2023 Research Trust of DiabetesIndia (DiabetesIndia) and National Diabetes Obesity and Cholesterol Foundation (N-DOC)
Development and validation of a facile rapid assessment scale for perinatal venous thromboembolism in puerperium in Chinese women; Background: It is still urgent and challenge to develop a simple risk assessment scale for venous thromboembolism (VTE) in puerperium in Chinese women. Methods: The study, a retrospective case-control study, was conducted in 12 hospitals in different cities in China. A total of 1152 pregnant women were selected, including 384 cases with VTE and 768 cases without VTE. A logistic regression method was conducted to determine the risk factors of VTE. Results: Age, BMI before delivery, gestational diabetes mellitus, family history (thrombosis, diabetes, cardiovascular disease), and assisted reproductive technology were independent risk factors (P<0.05). The difference between the high-risk group and the low-risk group was statistically significant(P<0.001) with a sensitivity of 0.578, specificity of 0.756, Yuden index o.334, and area under the ROC curve of 0.878. Conclusions: The age (≥ 35 years), BMI before delivery (≥ 30 kg/m2), gestational diabetes mellitus, family history of related diseases and assisted reproductive technology are more likely to cause VTE after full-time delivery. The simple and rapid assessment scale of VTE in women after full-term delivery has perfect discrimination (P < 0.001), which can be applied to predict the risk of VTE in Chinese full-term postpartum women. © 2023, BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
Outcomes of vertex-vertex vs. vertex-breech presentation in twin pregnancy after vaginal delivery in China; Objective: To compare the maternal and neonatal outcomes of twin pregnancies between vertex and nonvertex presentations of the second twin in vaginal delivery. Methods: In this unicentric retrospective cohort study, we collected data from 213 cases of vaginal twin deliveries from January 2016 to July 2020. Participants were divided into the vertex-vertex presentation group (VV) and vertex-breech presentation group (VB). Data on maternal and neonatal outcomes were compared between groups. Results: Among the 213 mothers and 426 infants (213 twin pairs), there were 140 women in the VV group and 73 women in the VB group (65.73% vs. 34.27%). Infants in the VB group had a higher incidence of admission to NICU (51.43% vs. 68.49%, p = 0.017), lower 1-min (11.43% vs. 28.77%, p < 0.001) and 5-minute Apgar scores (1.43% vs. 4.11%, p = 0.043) for the second twin. However, after the adjustment for sex of the twin, birth weight, chorionicity, and gestational age, the greater risk of admission to NICU and low 5-min Apgar score was no longer significantly different. Conclusion: VB twins are at no greater overall risk of a poor outcome due to breech presentation in the second twin. However, the presentation of the second fetus represents a risk factor for a low 1-min Apgar score. Obstetricians and midwives should consider appropriate interventions for second twins who present breech versus vertex. © 2023 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Primary care management post gestational diabetes in Australia; Background: Women with a history of gestational diabetes (GD) have a high risk of developing diabetes and subsequent cardiovascular disease (CVD). Aim: To assess whether diabetes screening and CVD risk screening occurred in general practice (GP) among postpartum women with GD. Methods: This is a retrospective study of clinical record data of women with GD, under active GP management, from the MedicineInsight programme, run by Australia's National Prescribing Service MedicineWise, with GP sites located in Australia from January 2015 to March 2021. Documentation of screening for diabetes, assessment of lipids and measurement of blood pressure (BP) was assessed using proportions and mixed-effects logistic regression with a log follow-up time offset. Results: There were 10 413 women, with a mean age of 37.9 years (standard deviation, 7.6), from 406 clinics with a mean follow-up of 4.6 years (interquartile range, 1.8–6.2 years) A total of 29.41% (3062/10 413; 95% confidence interval [CI], 28.53–30.28) had not been assessed for diabetes, 37.40% (3894/10 413; 95% CI, 36.47–38.32) were not assessed for lipids and 2.19% (228/10 413; 95% CI, 1.91–2.47) had no BP documented. In total, 51.82% (5396/10 413; 95% CI, 50.86–52.78) were screened for all three (diabetes + lipids + BP) at least once. Obesity, comorbidities and dyslipidaemia were associated with increased likelihood of screening. New diabetes diagnosis was documented in 5.73% (597/10 413; 95% CI, 5.29–6.18) of the cohort. Conclusion: Screening for diabetes and hyperlipidaemia was suboptimal in this high-risk cohort of women with prior GD. Improved messaging that women with a GD diagnosis are at high cardiovascular risk may improve subsequent screening. © 2023 The Authors. Internal Medicine Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Royal Australasian College of Physicians.
Lipolysis and gestational diabetes mellitus onset: a case-cohort genome-wide association study in Chinese; Background: Genetic knowledge of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Chinese women is quite limited. This study aimed to identify the risk factors and mechanism of GDM at the genetic level in a Chinese population. Methods: We conducted a genome-wide association study (GWAS) based on single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) array genotyping (ASA-CHIA Bead chip, Illumina) and a case-cohort study design. Variants including SNPs, copy number variants (CNVs), and insertions-deletions (InDels) were called from genotyping data. A total of 2232 pregnant women were enrolled in their first/second trimester between February 2018 and December 2020 from Anqing Municipal Hospital in Anhui Province, China. The GWAS included 193 GDM patients and 819 subjects without a diabetes diagnosis, and risk ratios (RRs) and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated by a regression-based method conditional on the population structure. The calling and quality control of genotyping data were performed following published guidelines. CNVs were merged into CNV regions (CNVR) to simplify analyses. To interpret the GWAS results, gene mapping and overexpression analyses (ORAs) were further performed to prioritize the candidate genes and related biological mechanisms. Results: We identified 14 CNVRs (false discovery rate corrected P values < 0.05) and two suggestively significant SNPs (P value < 0.00001) associated with GDM, and a total of 19 candidate genes were mapped. Ten genes were significantly enriched in gene sets related to lipase (triglyceride lipase and lipoprotein lipase) activity (LIPF, LIPK, LIPN, and LIPJ genes), oxidoreductase activity (TPH1 and TPH2 genes), and cellular components beta-catenin destruction complex (APC and GSK3B genes), Wnt signalosome (APC and GSK3B genes), and lateral element in the Gene Ontology resource (BRCA1 and SYCP2 genes) by two ORA methods (adjusted P values < 0.05). Conclusions: Genes related to lipolysis, redox reaction, and proliferation of islet β-cells are associated with GDM in Chinese women. Energy metabolism, particularly lipolysis, may play an important role in GDM aetiology and pathology, which needs further molecular studies to verify. © 2023, The Author(s).
Headaches during pregnancy and the risk of subsequent stroke; Background: Primary headache disorder is a known risk factor for stroke in women and usually improves during the first trimester of pregnancy. However, despite this, some women develop headaches during pregnancy (G-HA), and the effect of this headache on subsequent stroke is unknown. In this study, we evaluated the association between G-HA and stroke after delivery in women. Methods: Based on the Korean National Health Insurance Service database, we included women hospitalized for delivery between 2012 and 2013. G-HA was defined as a headache diagnosed during pregnancy. Primary outcome was any stroke that occurred during the observational periods from delivery to December 31, 2020. All diseases were identified based on data registered in the database using the International Classification of Disease-10th Revision-Clinical Modification codes. Results: Of 906,187 pregnant women, G-HA was found in 56,813 (6.3%). During the observational periods, the G-HA (+) group had a significantly higher risk of any stroke [adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) = 1.59, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.30–1.95], ischemic stroke (aHR = 1.50, 95% CI: 1.12–2.01), hemorrhagic stroke (aHR = 1.63, 95% CI: 1.23–2.15), and intracerebral hemorrhage (aHR = 1.63, 95% CI: 1.19–2.23) than the G-HA (-) group. When analyzed considering the interaction with history of headache disorder, G-HA showed a significant association with hemorrhagic stroke, but lost its effect on ischemic stroke. Conclusions: We demonstrated that G-HA was associated with subsequent stroke occurrence after delivery. However, the relationship between G-HA and ischemic stroke is mitigated by a history of pre-pregnancy headache disorder. © 2023, The Author(s).
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and risk of type 2 diabetes in postmenopausal women; Background: Although gestational diabetes mellitus and delivering high-birthweight infants are known to predict a higher risk of future type 2 diabetes mellitus, the association of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and other adverse pregnancy outcomes with type 2 diabetes mellitus is not well established. Objective: This study aimed to examine the associations between different types of adverse pregnancy outcomes and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus among postmenopausal women. Study Design: The Women's Health Initiative, a nationwide cohort of postmenopausal women, collected self-reported history of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, and delivering low- birthweight (<2500 g) or high-birthweight (>4500 g) infants. Participants were followed up annually for self-reported incident type 2 diabetes mellitus treated with medication from baseline (1993–1998) to March 2021. This study used logistic regression to examine the associations of any and individual adverse pregnancy outcomes with diabetes mellitus. Stratified analyses were performed to assess effect modification by body mass index, race and ethnicity, education, parity, breastfeeding, and age at first birth. Results: This analysis included 49,717 women without a history of diabetes mellitus at enrollment who had a least 1 pregnancy and responded to the questionnaire about adverse pregnancy outcomes. After adjusting for body mass index, demographic, lifestyle, and reproductive factors, gestational diabetes mellitus (odds ratio, 2.26; 95% confidence interval, 1.94–2.63), high birthweight (odds ratio, 1.30; 95% confidence interval, 1.18–1.44), and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio, 1.18; 95% confidence interval, 1.08–1.30) were independently associated with higher odds of type 2 diabetes mellitus, whereas preterm birth and low birthweight were not associated with diabetes mellitus risk. A history of ≥2 adverse pregnancy outcomes was associated with higher odds of type 2 diabetes mellitus (odds ratio, 1.55; 95% confidence interval, 1.28–1.88). This study further observed higher odds of type 2 diabetes mellitus (odds ratio, 3.69; 95% confidence interval, 2.38–5.70) among women with a history of both gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy than those without any adverse pregnancy outcomes. Conclusion: Postmenopausal women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, those delivering high-birthweight infants, or those with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are at risk of future type 2 diabetes mellitus. In addition, women with ≥2 conditions had an augmented risk and might be prioritized for screening and prevention efforts for type 2 diabetes mellitus. © 2023
Analysis of cortisol mechanism to predict common genes between PCOS and its co-morbidities; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a multifactorial endocrine disorder and one of the main causes of PCOS is hormonal imbalance due to lifestyle changes. Estrogen, progesterone, testosterone, cortisol and melatonin are the major hormones that regulate the menstrual cycle and other endocrine disorders in women. The hormone cortisol, in particular, can lead to many comorbid conditions related to PCOS. In this proposed work, PubMed articles were mined using R program to retrieve target genes for PCOS. The NCBI Gene/Genome database was used to download PCOS genes, and genes related to cortisol and major comorbid diseases. Then, commonly intersecting genes among PCOS–Cortisol–Comorbids were identified. From the obtained results, the top seven genes were considered as Hub–Bottleneck genes based on the Degree and Betweenness values of the 26 intersecting (merged) genes. Functional annotation and pathway analysis were performed to examine significant pathways of Hub–Bottleneck genes. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Austria, part of Springer Nature.
Association of Maternal Cigarette Smoking with Neonatal Death: A Population-Based Cohort Study; Introduction: Maternal pregnancy smoking has adverse perinatal outcomes and the relationship between maternal smoking and neonatal death has not been fully elucidated. We aimed to examine the risk of neonatal death in relation to maternal smoking and to quantify potential mediators of these associations. Methods: We did a population-based cohort study using Period Linked Birth-Infant Death data from 2016 to 2019 in the US National Vital Statistics System. The exposure was maternal smoking status. The main outcome was neonatal death. Association between maternal smoking and neonatal death was estimated through logistic regression. Mediation analysis was performed to assess the extent to which the association between maternal smoking and neonatal death was mediated by neonatal complications. Results: The final sample consisted of 14,717,020 mothers with live singleton births. The overall neonatal mortality rate was 2.2 per 1,000 live births. Maternal pregnancy smoking was associated with an increased risk of neonatal death {adjusted odds ratio (aOR, 1.33 [95% CI, 1.28-1.38]; p < 0.001)}, while smoking cessation during the whole pregnancy showed a comparable risk of neonatal death with nonsmokers (aOR, 1.06 [95% CI, 0.99-1.14]; p = 0.116). Mediation analysis indicated that the association between pregnancy smoking and neonatal death might be mainly mediated by preterm birth and low Apgar score at 5 min. Conclusions: Maternal pregnancy smoking, regardless of pregnancy trimester and intensity, was associated with increased risk of neonatal death. Efforts are needed for policymakers to promote smoking cessation before pregnancy, and professional perinatal care should be provided for those who smoked during pregnancy.  © 2023 S. Karger AG. All rights reserved.
Severe maternal morbidity by race and ethnicity before vs. during the COVID-19 pandemic; Purpose: To examine the change in racial disparity in severe maternal morbidity (SMM) during the COVID-19 pandemic and the associations between SARS-CoV-2 infection and SMM. Methods: This retrospective cohort study used linked databases of all livebirths delivered between 2018 and 2021 in South Carolina (n = 162,576). Exposures were 1) pre-pandemic and pandemic periods (before vs. March 2020 onwards); 2) SARS-CoV-2 infection, severity, and timing of first infection. Log-binomial regression models were used. Results: SMM rate was higher among pandemic childbirths than pre-pandemic period (p = 0.06). The risk of SMM among Hispanics was doubled from pre-pandemic to pandemic periods (adjusted relative risk (aRR)= 2.50, 95% CI: 1.27, 4.94). During pre-pandemic, compared to White women, Black women (aRR=1.37, 95% CI: 1.14–1.64), while Hispanics had lower risk of SMM (aRR=0.42, 95% CI: 0.24–0.73). During the pandemic, the Black-White difference in the risk of SMM persisted (aRR=1.24, 95% CI: 1.00–1.54) and Hispanic-White difference in SMM risk became insignificant (aRR=0.85, 95% CI: 0.54–1.34). SARS-CoV-2 infection, its severity, and the late diagnosis were associated with 1.78–5.06 times higher risk of SMM. Conclusions: During pandemic, Black-White racial disparity in SMM persisted but the relative pre-pandemic advantage in SMM among Hispanic women over White women disappeared during the pandemic. © 2023 The Authors
Erratum regarding missing Declaration of competing interest statements in previously published articles (Obesity Medicine (2022) 33, (S2451847622000379), (10.1016/j.obmed.2022.100425)); Declaration of Competing Interest statements were not included in the published version of the following articles that appeared in previous issues of Obesity Medicine. The appropriate Declaration/Competing Interest statements, provided by the Authors, are included below. 1. “Optimal dosage of vitamin D supplementation in obese patients with low serum levels of 25-Hydroxyvitamin D. A systematic review” [Obesity Medicine, 2022; 29: 100381] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.obmed.2021.100381Declaration of competing interest: The Authors have no interests to declare. 2. “Comparison of Foeniculum Vulgare versus metformin on insulin resistance and anthropometric indices of women with polycystic ovary, an open-label controlled trial study” [Obesity Medicine, 2022; 31: 100401] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.obmed.2022.100401Declaration of competing interest: The Authors have no interests to declare. 3. “Identifying overnutrition risk groups in Bangladeshi married women based on sociodemographic factors: A classification and regression tree model” [Obesity Medicine, 2022; 33: 100425] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.obmed.2022.100425Declaration of competing interest: The Authors have no interests to declare. 4. “Predictors of online vs. in-person preference for lifestyle change programs among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)” [Obesity Medicine, 2022; 33: 100424] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.obmed.2022.100424Declaration of competing interest: The Authors have no interests to declare. 5. “The effect of 12 weeks aerobic, resistance and combined trainings on peripheral vascular disease in type 2 diabetes with peripheral neuropathy in men” [Obesity Medicine, 2022; 34: 100439] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.obmed.2022.100439Declaration of competing interest: The Authors have no interests to declare. 6. “Prevalence and knowledge of cardiovascular disease risk factors among young adults in Saudi Arabia” [Obesity Medicine, 2022; 36: 100457] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.obmed.2022.100457Declaration of competing interest: The Authors have no interests to declare. 7. “A retrospective study assessing the effects of bariatric surgery on comorbid conditions and quality of life in obese individuals” [Obesity Medicine, 2023; 38: 100479] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.obmed.2023.100479Declaration of competing interest: The Authors have no interests to declare. 8. “Body weight and prandial variation of plasma metabolites in subjects undergoing gastric band-induced weight loss” [Obesity Medicine, 2022; 33: 100434] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.obmed.2022.100434Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be considered as potential competing interests: Dr. José O. Alemán is a Consultant for Novo Nordisk; Clinical Advisor and Consultant for Intellihealth. © 2023
Type 2 diabetes linked FTO gene variant rs8050136 is significantly associated with gravidity in gestational diabetes in a sample of Bangladeshi women: Meta-analysis and case-control study; Objective Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a growing public health concern that has not been extensively studied. Numerous studies have indicated that a variant (rs8050136) of the fat mass-associated gene, FTO, is associated with both GDM and Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We conducted a meta-analysis on the association between the FTO single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) rs8050136 and T2DM, followed by a case-control study on the association of the said SNP and GDM in a sample of Bangladeshi women. Method A total of 25 studies were selected after exploring various databases and search engines, which were assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale (NOS). The MetaGenyo web tool was used to conduct this meta-analysis. A case-control study was performed on 218 GDM patients and 284 controls to observe any association between FTO rs8050136 and GDM. Genotyping was performed using the tetra-primer amplification refractory mutation system-polymerase chain reaction (T-ARMS) method, and statistical analyses were performed using various statistical softwares. Results In the meta-analysis 26231 cases and 43839 controls were examined. Pooled association analyses revealed a statistically significant relationship between the FTO rs8050136 polymorphism and an elevated risk of T2DM under all genetic models (P<0.05). In the case-control study, synergistic analyses of the SNP and gravida with GDM revealed a significant (P<0.01) association with an increase in odds by 1.6 to 2.4 folds in multigravida and decrease in odds by 2 folds in primigravida. A positive family history of diabetes and the minor allele of this SNP collectively increased the risk of developing GDM by many-fold (1.8 to 2.7 folds). However, after accounting for family history of diabetes and gravidity, analyses showed no significant association with GDM. Conclusion Our meta-analysis revealed a significant association between SNP rs8050136 of FTO with T2DM, and this variant was substantially associated with an increased risk of GDM in a sample of Bangladeshi multigravida women. Copyright: © 2023 Amin et al.
A Synopsis of the Evidence for the Science and Clinical Management of Cardiovascular-Kidney-Metabolic (CKM) Syndrome: A Scientific Statement from the American Heart Association; A growing appreciation of the pathophysiological interrelatedness of metabolic risk factors such as obesity and diabetes, chronic kidney disease, and cardiovascular disease has led to the conceptualization of cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome. The confluence of metabolic risk factors and chronic kidney disease within cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome is strongly linked to risk for adverse cardiovascular and kidney outcomes. In addition, there are unique management considerations for individuals with established cardiovascular disease and coexisting metabolic risk factors, chronic kidney disease, or both. An extensive body of literature supports our scientific understanding of, and approach to, prevention and management for individuals with cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome. However, there are critical gaps in knowledge related to cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome in terms of mechanisms of disease development, heterogeneity within clinical phenotypes, interplay between social determinants of health and biological risk factors, and accurate assessments of disease incidence in the context of competing risks. There are also key limitations in the data supporting the clinical care for cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome, particularly in terms of early-life prevention, screening for risk factors, interdisciplinary care models, optimal strategies for supporting lifestyle modification and weight loss, targeting of emerging cardioprotective and kidney-protective therapies, management of patients with both cardiovascular disease and chronic kidney disease, and the impact of systematically assessing and addressing social determinants of health. This scientific statement uses a crosswalk of major guidelines, in addition to a review of the scientific literature, to summarize the evidence and fundamental gaps related to the science, screening, prevention, and management of cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Maternal diet quality and associations with plasma lipid profiles and pregnancy-related cardiometabolic health; Purpose: To assess the relationship of early pregnancy maternal diet quality (DQ) with maternal plasma lipids and indicators of cardiometabolic health, including blood pressure (BP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational weight gain (GWG). Methods: Women (n = 215) aged 18–40 years with singleton pregnancies were recruited at 10–20 weeks gestation. Diet quality was assessed by the Dietary Guideline Index, calculated at early ([mean ± SD]) (15 ± 3 weeks) and late (35 ± 2 weeks) pregnancy. Lipidomic analysis was performed, and 698 species across 37 lipid classes were measured from plasma blood samples collected at early (15 ± 3 weeks) and mid (27 ± 3 weeks)-pregnancy. Clinical measures (BP, GDM diagnosis, weight) and blood samples were collected across pregnancy. Multiple linear and logistic regression models assessed associations of early pregnancy DQ with plasma lipids at early and mid-pregnancy, BP at three antenatal visits, GDM diagnosis and total GWG. Results: Maternal DQ scores ([mean ± SD]) decreased significantly from early (70.7 ± 11.4) to late pregnancy (66.5 ± 12.6) (p < 0.0005). At a false discovery rate of 0.2, early pregnancy DQ was significantly associated with 13 plasma lipids at mid-pregnancy, including negative associations with six triglycerides (TGs); TG(54:0)[NL-18:0] (neutral loss), TG(50:1)[NL-14:0], TG(48:0)[NL-18:0], TG(52:1)[NL-18:0], TG(54:1)[NL-18:1], TG(50:0)[NL-18:0]. No statistically significant associations were found between early pregnancy DQ and BP, GDM or GWG. Conclusion: Maternal diet did not adhere to Australian Dietary Guidelines. Diet quality was inversely associated with multiple plasma TGs. This study provides novel insights into the relationship between DQ, lipid biomarkers and cardiometabolic health during pregnancy. © 2023, The Author(s).
Combined maternal risk factors and the Quadruple test to predict late-onset preeclampsia in pregnant Thai women; Background: This study aimed to evaluate the predictive power of a model combining maternal risk factors and the Quadruple screen test for late-onset preeclampsia (PE). Methods: All pregnant women that received the Quadruple test for Down syndrome at 15+ 0-20+ 6 weeks’ gestation were recruited. Maternal serum α-fetoprotein, β-human chorionic gonadotropin, unconjugated estriol, and inhibin A were measured as multiples of the median. A logistic regression model was used to identify predictors associated with late-onset PE with severe features. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve and area under the curve (AUC) were used to assess the model’s predictive ability. Results: Fifty-five of the 2,000 pregnant women had PE, and 31 of 55 women had late-onset PE. Multivariate analysis identified maternal age ≥ 35 years, inhibin A, history of previous PE, history of infertile, cardiac disease, chronic hypertension, and thyroid disease as significant risk factors. The area under the curve of the receiver operating characteristic curve was 0.78. The likelihood ratio to predict late-onset PE was 49.4 (total score > 60). Conclusions: Our model combining serum inhibin A with maternal risk factors was useful in predicting late-onset PE. Close monitoring of these patients is recommended. © 2023, The Author(s).
Impact of moderate-to-late preterm birth on neurodevelopmental outcomes in young children: Results from retrospective longitudinal follow-up with nationally representative data; This study investigated the relationship between moderate-to-late preterm (MLPT) birth and the risk of neurodevelopmental impairments (NIs) in young children compared with the risks associated with very preterm (VPT) and full-term (FT) birth based on nationally representative large-scale population data. Retrospective follow-up was conducted over 71 months for 738,733 children who were born and participated in the Korean National Health Screening Program for Infants and Children (NHSPIC) between 2011 and 2013. Using a data linkage between the NHSPIC and Korean healthcare claim information, data on birth year, sex, delivery type, birth weight, growth abnormality, gestational age, breastfeeding history, maternal age, NIs, multiple gestation, preterm labor, premature rupture of membranes (PROM), gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, smoking during pregnancy, and socioeconomic status were collected and included in the final analysis. Cox proportional hazards models were applied to identify the impact of gestational age on NI risk, with all variables adjusted as appropriate. Overall, 0.9% and 3.8% rates of VPT and MLPT births were identified, respectively. NI incidence was highest among VPT children (34.7%), followed by MLPT (23.9%) and FT (18.2%) children. Both VPT (hazard ratio [HR], 1.45; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.03 to 2.05) and MLPT (HR, 1.21; 95% CI, 1.04 to 1.41) births were associated with increased NI risk. Low birth weight, PROM, and smoking during pregnancy were also associated with increased NI risk, while longer breastfeeding and higher socioeconomic status were associated with decreased risk. Special attention must be given to NIs for both VPT and MLPT children. © 2023 Lee et al.
Unicuspid Aortic Valve With Severe Aortic Stenosis and Progressive Heart Failure During Pregnancy; A 39-year-old gravida 7 para 6 woman with unicuspid aortic valve and severe symptomatic stenosis was admitted to the hospital at 15 weeks gestation. We describe maternal cardiovascular complications and their implication on obstetric and fetal care. We also describe our multidisciplinary approach to caring for this complex patient. © 2023
Ceramides during Pregnancy and Obstetrical Adverse Outcomes; Ceramides are a group of sphingolipids located in the external plasma membrane layer and act as messengers in cellular pathways such as inflammatory processes and apoptosis. Plasma ceramides are biomarkers of cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, Alzheimer’s disease, various autoimmune conditions and cancer. During pregnancy, ceramides play an important role as stress mediators, especially during implantation, delivery and lactation. Based on the current literature, plasma ceramides could be potential biomarkers of obstetrical adverse outcomes, although their role in metabolic pathways under such conditions remains unclear. This review aims to present current studies that examine the role of ceramides during pregnancy and obstetrical adverse outcomes, such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and other complications. © 2023 by the authors.
Maternal hypertensive disorders during pregnancy and the risk of offspring diabetes mellitus in childhood, adolescence, and early adulthood: a nationwide population-based cohort study; Background: Maternal hypertensive disorders during pregnancy (HDP) have been suggested to contribute to the development of offspring cardiovascular disease later in life, but empirical evidence remains inconsistent. This study was aimed to assess the association of maternal overall and type-specific HDPs with diabetes in offspring from childhood to early adulthood. Methods: Using Danish national health registers, a total of 2,448,753 individuals born in Denmark from 1978 to 2018 were included in this study. Maternal HDP included chronic hypertension, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. The outcome of interest was diabetes in offspring (including type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes). The follow-up of offspring started at birth and ended at the first diagnosis of diabetes, emigration from Denmark, death, or time end on 31 December 2018, whichever came first. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to evaluate the hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of the association between maternal HDP and diabetes (including type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes) in offspring from birth to young adulthood (up to 41 years), with the offspring’s age as the time scale. Results: During a follow-up of up to 41 (median: 19.3) years, 1247 offspring born to mothers with HDP and 23,645 offspring born to mothers without HDP were diagnosed with diabetes. Compared with offspring born to mothers without HDP, those born to mothers with HDP had an increased risk for overall diabetes (HR=1.27, 95% CI=1.20–1.34), as well as for type 2 diabetes (HR=1.57, 95% CI=1.38–1.78) and gestational diabetes (HR=1.37, 95% CI=1.25–1.49). We did not observe obvious increased risk for type 1 diabetes (HR=1.08, 95% CI=0.98–1.18). Offspring of mothers with gestational hypertension (HR=1.37, 95% CI=1.00–1.88) or preeclampsia (HR=1.62, 95% CI=1.41–1.87) had higher risks of type 2 diabetes. The strongest association was observed for severe preeclampsia, with a 2-fold risk of type 2 diabetes (HR=2.00, 95% CI=1.42–2.82). The association between maternal HDP and type 1 diabetes did not reach statistical significance, except for maternal gestational hypertension (HR=1.41, 95%CI=1.17–1.71). In addition, we found that offspring born to mothers with any subtypes of maternal HDP had higher risk of gestational diabetes, and the corresponding HRs (95%CIs) for chronic hypertension, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia were 1.60 (1.06–2.41), 1.29 (1.04–1.59), and 1.38 (1.24–1.53), respectively. We also observed stronger associations among offspring of mothers with HDP and comorbid diabetes (HR=4.64, 95%CI=3.85–5.60) than offspring of mothers with HDP or diabetes alone. Conclusions: Offspring of mothers with HDP, especially mothers with comorbid diabetes, had an increased risk of diabetes later in their life. Our findings suggest that timely and effective prevention of HDP in women of childbearing age should be taken into consideration as diabetes prevention and control strategies for their generations. © 2023, The Author(s).
Which people with diabetes are treated with a disposable, half-unit insulin pen? A real-world, retrospective, database study in Spain; Introduction: Insulin lispro 100 units/mL Jr KwikPen is the first prefilled, disposable, half-unit insulin pen that delivers 0.5–30 units in increments of 0.5 units for the treatment of patients with diabetes. This study describes the profile of patients in Spain who initiated insulin therapy with Jr KwikPen in a real-world setting. Methods: This retrospective, observational study based on IQVIA's electronic medical records database included patients with Type 1 (T1D) or Type 2 (T2D) diabetes who initiated therapy with Jr KwikPen between May 2018 and December 2020. Sociodemographic, clinical, and treatment characteristics at treatment initiation were analysed descriptively. Results: A total of 416 patients were included. The main characteristics of the T1D/T2D groups (N = 326/90), respectively were as follows: female sex, 61.7%/65.6%; mean age (standard deviation [SD]), 32.5 (20.7)/55.5 (16.6) years; body mass index, 20.9 (4.2)/25.2 (4.6) kg/m2 (N = 239/77); HbA1c, 7.8 (1.7)%/8.0 (1.5)% (N = 141/64); and presence of diabetes-associated comorbidities, 27.9%/64.4%. Only 32.8% of patients with T1D were < 18 years old. Among Jr KwikPen users, 12.3% (T1D/T2D, 7.7%/28.9%) were ≥ 65 years old, 17.1% patients were newly diagnosed, and 3.8% were pregnant women. The mean (SD) total insulin dose pre-index for T1D/T2D was 43.1 (23.6) and 40.7 (21.6) UI/day, respectively. The mean (SD) insulin dose at the start of Jr KwikPen use was 26.63 (16.56) and 22.58 (13.59) UI/day for T1D/T2D, respectively. Jr KwikPen was first prescribed mainly by endocrinologists (58.7%) or paediatricians (22.6%). Conclusions: The profile of patients who initiated therapy with Jr KwikPen in routine practice was broad with many patients being adults. Most of these patients had T1D, inadequate glycemic control, and multiple associated comorbidities. These results suggest that Jr KwikPen is prescribed in patients who may benefit from finer insulin dose adjustments, namely children, adolescents, adults, older individuals, or pregnant women with T1D or T2D. © 2023 The Authors. Endocrinology, Diabetes & Metabolism published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Chest pain and cardiovascular diseases in women: Diagnostics and treatment; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are the leading cause of global mortality not only in men but also in women. The incidence of CVD significantly increases in women, especially after the menopause. Sex and gender differences in the incidence, prevalence and mortality of CVD are due to hormonal, anatomical, and sociocultural differences. As part of the primary and secondary prevention of coronary heart disease (CHD), risk factors specific for women, such as autoimmune diseases and pregnancy-associated diseases (e.g., gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia) should also be taken into account in addition to the classical cardiovascular risk factors. Furthermore, in women with angina pectoris it should be considered that women in particular frequently suffer from ischemia with nonobstructive coronary arteries (INOCA) that can be caused, for example, by coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) or coronary spasms. Based on this, the diagnostics should not be terminated in symptomatic women after coronary angiography with normal epicardial vessels. A targeted diagnostics for CMD and coronary spasms should be carried out at an early stage. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Medizin Verlag GmbH, ein Teil von Springer Nature.
Outcomes of pregnancy in women with different types of pulmonary hypertension; Background: Pulmonary hypertension (PH) is considered to increase maternal and fetal risk, and we attempt to explore pregnancy outcomes in women with different types of PH. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the clinical data of pregnant women with PH who were admitted to Anzhen Hospital from January 2010 to December 2019, and followed up on these parturients and their offspring. Results: Three hundred and sixty-six pregnant women with PH were collected, including 265 pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) associated with congenital heart disease (CHD), 65 PH caused by left heart disease, 12 idiopathic PH, and 24 PH associated with other diseases. Maternal mean age was 28.4 ± 4.4 years and 72.1% were nulliparous. The estimated systolic pulmonary artery pressure was < 50 mmHg in 40.2% of patients, 50–70 mmHg in 23.2%, and > 70 mmHg in 36.6%. In more than 94% of women, a diagnosis of PH was made before pregnancy. During pregnancy, heart failure occurred in 15% of patients. Cesarean section was performed in 90.5% (20.4% emergency). Complications included fetal mortality (0.5%), preterm delivery (40.4%), and low birth weight (37.7%). A total of 20 mothers died (5.5%). The highest mortality rate was found in patients with idiopathic PH (4/12, 33.3%). A total of 12 children died (3.3%), 5 (1.4%) of them after discharge from the hospital, and 7 (1.9%) were in hospital. Conclusions: Although most of these women are fertile, PH does increase maternal and fetal risk. Women with idiopathic PH and Eisenmenger syndrome are not recommended to have children. © 2023, BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
Clear cell endometrial carcinoma with high microsatellite instability in a complicated pregnancy: a case report; Background: Endometrial carcinomas are the most common female genital malignancies. They are very rare in pregnancy and worldwide less than 60 cases associated with pregnancy are published. No clear cell carcinoma has been described in a pregnancy with a live birth. Case presentation: We present the course of a 43-year-old Uyghur female patient with the diagnosis of endometrial carcinoma with a deficiency in the DNA mismatch repair system in the pregnancy. The malignancy with clear cell histology was confirmed by biopsy following the delivery via caesarean section due to preterm birth of a fetus with sonographically suspected tetralogy of Fallot. Earlier whole exome sequencing after amniocentesis had shown a heterozygous mutation in the MSH2 gene, which was unlikely to be related to the fetal cardiac defect. The uterine mass was initially deemed an isthmocervical fibroid by ultrasound and was confirmed as stage II endometrial carcinoma. The patient was consequently treated with surgery, radiotherapy and chemotherapy. Six months after the adjuvant therapy, re-laparotomy was performed due to ileus symptoms and an ileum metastasis was found. The patient is currently undergoing immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy with pembrolizumab. Conclusion: Rare endometrial carcinoma should be included in the differential diagnosis of uterine masses in pregnant women with risk factors. © 2023, The Author(s).
Breathing Practices for Stress and Anxiety Reduction: Conceptual Framework of Implementation Guidelines Based on a Systematic Review of the Published Literature; Anxiety and stress plague populations worldwide. Voluntary regulated breathing practices offer a tool to address this epidemic. We examined peer-reviewed published literature to understand effective approaches to and implementation of these practices. PubMed and ScienceDirect were searched to identify clinical trials evaluating isolated breathing-based interventions with psychometric stress/anxiety outcomes. Two independent reviewers conducted all screening and data extraction. Of 2904 unique articles, 731 abstracts, and 181 full texts screened, 58 met the inclusion criteria. Fifty-four of the studies’ 72 interventions were effective. Components of effective and ineffective interventions were evaluated to develop a conceptual framework of factors associated with stress/anxiety reduction effectiveness. Effective breath practices avoided fast-only breath paces and sessions <5 min, while including human-guided training, multiple sessions, and long-term practice. Population, other breath paces, session duration ≥5 min, and group versus individual or at-home practices were not associated with effectiveness. Analysis of interventions that did not fit this framework revealed that extensive standing, interruptions, involuntary diaphragmatic obstruction, and inadequate training for highly technical practices may render otherwise promising interventions ineffective. Following this evidence-based framework can help maximize the stress/anxiety reduction benefits of breathing practices. Future research is warranted to further refine this easily accessible intervention for stress/anxiety relief. © 2023 by the authors.
Fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity: A potential threat for programming cardiovascular disease; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and maternal obesity (MO) increase the risk of adverse fetal outcomes, and the incidence of cardiovascular disease later in life. Extensive research has been conducted to elucidate the underlying mechanisms by which GDM and MO program the offspring to disease. This review focuses on the role of fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in programming the offspring for cardiovascular disease in GDM and MO pregnancies. We discuss how pre-existing maternal health conditions can lead to vascular dysfunction in the fetoplacental unit and the fetus. We also examine the role of fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in impairing fetal cardiovascular system development and the involvement of nitric oxide and hydrogen sulfide in mediating fetoplacental vascular dysfunction. Furthermore, we suggest that the L-Arginine-Nitric Oxide and the Adenosine-L-Arginine-Nitric Oxide (ALANO) signaling pathways are pertinent targets for research. Despite significant progress in this area, there are still knowledge gaps that need to be addressed in future research. © 2023 The Authors
Increased cesarean section rate and premature birth according to modified WHO maternal cardiovascular risk in pregnant women with congenital heart disease; Background During pregnancy and delivery, hemodynamics are altered and complex congenital heart disease has been associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. We sought to investigate pregnancy outcome and complications in relation to complexity of heart condition. Materials and methods We studied women with ACHD discussed at multidisciplinary conferences at Lund University Hospital March 2009-May 2021. We studied 149 pregnancies in 101 women. We scored each woman retrospectively according to the modified World Health Organization (mWHO) risk classification and included patients in risk class I (n = 36, 24.1%), II (n = 43, 28.9%), II-III (n = 43, 28.9%), III (n = 24, 16.1%) and IV (n = 3, 2.0%). Results Women with mWHO class ≥III underwent cesarean section more often than women in less complex mWHO classes, (OR, 5.1; 95% CI, 2.0–12.5; p<0.001). The odds of premature delivery were significantly higher among pregnant women with mWHO class ≥III (OR, 6.7; 95% CI, 2.6–17.4; p<0.001). We found no difference in incidence of preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, hemorrhage >1000 ml or cardiac defect in the neonate depending on WHO-class. Women in mWHO classes III-IV had a higher rate of fetal growth restriction (FGR) compared to women in mWHO classes I, II, II-III (p<0.007). Conclusions Our findings indicate that women with more complex heart disease (mWHO classes III or IV) tend to have a higher rate of cesarean section, premature birth and FGR. © 2023 Wedlund et al.
Cord blood DNA methylation signatures associated with preeclampsia are enriched for cardiovascular pathways: insights from the VDAART trial; Background: Preeclampsia has been associated with maternal epigenetic changes, in particular DNA methylation changes in the placenta. It has been suggested that preeclampsia could also cause DNA methylation changes in the neonate. We examined DNA methylation in relation to gene expression in the cord blood of offspring born to mothers with preeclampsia. Methods: This study included 128 mother-child pairs who participated in the Vitamin D Antenatal Asthma Reduction Trial (VDAART), where assessment of preeclampsia served as secondary outcome. We performed an epigenome-wide association study of preeclampsia and cord blood DNA methylation (Illumina 450 K chip). We then examined gene expression of the same subjects for validation and replicated the gene signatures in independent DNA methylation datasets. Lastly, we applied functional enrichment and network analyses to identify biological pathways that could potentially be involved in preeclampsia. Findings: In the cord blood samples (n = 128), 263 CpGs were differentially methylated (FDR <0.10) in preeclampsia (n = 16), of which 217 were annotated. Top pathways in the functional enrichment analysis included apelin signaling pathway and other endothelial and cardiovascular pathways. Of the 217 genes, 13 showed differential expression (p's < 0.001) in preeclampsia and 11 had been previously related to preeclampsia (p's < 0.0001). These genes were linked to apelin, cGMP and Notch signaling pathways, all having a role in angiogenic process and cardiovascular function. Interpretation: Preeclampsia is related to differential cord blood DNA methylation signatures of cardiovascular pathways, including the apelin signaling pathway. The association of these cord blood DNA methylation signatures with offspring's long-term morbidities due to preeclampsia should be further investigated. Funding: VDAART is funded by National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute grants of R01HL091528 and UH3OD023268. HMK is supported by Jane and Aatos Erkko Foundation, Paulo Foundation, and the Pediatric Research Foundation. HM is supported by K01 award from NHLBI (1K01HL146977-01A1). PK is supported by K99HL159234 from NIH/NHLBI. © 2023 The Author(s)
Reference-range of arterial stiffness by cardio-ankle vascular index in normal pregnancy; Objective: To establish the arterial stiffness, represented by the cardio-ankle vascular index (CAVI) at various gestational ages among low-risk pregnant women. The second objective is to construct the reference range of mean arterial pressure and maternal heart rate during pregnancy. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted on low risk pregnant Thai women, meeting the following inclusion criteria: 1) singleton pregnant women aged 18 years old or over; 2) gestational age between 11 and 40 weeks; 3) low-risk pregnancy without any underlying medical diseases; and 4) known final pregnancy outcomes. Pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes and fetal growth restriction were excluded. The mean CAVI, mean arterial pressure (MAP), and heart rate were measured at each gestational age. Results: A total of 329 measurements for each parameter were available for analysis. CAVI was significantly correlated with gestational age with the best fitted model: CAVI = 6.952 – 0.076(GA) + 0.001(GA)2; SD = 0.742 (R2 = 0.049; p-value < 0.001). The maternal age and pre-pregnancy BMI were correlated with CAVI. CAVI gradually increased with maternal age and decreased with increasing body mass index (BMI). The MAP and heart rate of normal pregnancy in each gestation were conducted. Conclusion: The reference range of CAVI in normal pregnancies as a function of gestational age and the model for predicting CAVI based on multiple regression analysis are constructed and presented. These reference ranges may be useful in predicting risk of cardiovascular disorders during pregnancy. © 2023 International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy
Maternal and Fetal Cardiovascular Responses to Acute High-Intensity Interval and Moderate-Intensity Continuous Training Exercise during Pregnancy: A Randomized Crossover Trial; (Abstracted from Sports Med 2023;53(9):1819-1833) Current recommendations for exercise during pregnancy largely refer to moderate-intensity continuous training (MICT), which has been shown by many studies to be beneficial to both mother and fetus by reducing preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and depression. Although MICT has been shown to be effective, only 15% of individuals meet the recommended 150-minutes-a-week threshold for MICT; many individuals report their main obstacle as lack of time.  © Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular-Kidney-Metabolic Health: A Presidential Advisory from the American Heart Association; Cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health reflects the interplay among metabolic risk factors, chronic kidney disease, and the cardiovascular system and has profound impacts on morbidity and mortality. There are multisystem consequences of poor cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health, with the most significant clinical impact being the high associated incidence of cardiovascular disease events and cardiovascular mortality. There is a high prevalence of poor cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health in the population, with a disproportionate burden seen among those with adverse social determinants of health. However, there is also a growing number of therapeutic options that favorably affect metabolic risk factors, kidney function, or both that also have cardioprotective effects. To improve cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health and related outcomes in the population, there is a critical need for (1) more clarity on the definition of cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome; (2) an approach to cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic staging that promotes prevention across the life course; (3) prediction algorithms that include the exposures and outcomes most relevant to cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health; and (4) strategies for the prevention and management of cardiovascular disease in relation to cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health that reflect harmonization across major subspecialty guidelines and emerging scientific evidence. It is also critical to incorporate considerations of social determinants of health into care models for cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome and to reduce care fragmentation by facilitating approaches for patient-centered interdisciplinary care. This presidential advisory provides guidance on the definition, staging, prediction paradigms, and holistic approaches to care for patients with cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome and details a multicomponent vision for effectively and equitably enhancing cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health in the population. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Transgenerational Epigenetic DNA Methylation Editing and Human Disease; During gestation, maternal (F0), embryonic (F1), and migrating primordial germ cell (F2) genomes can be simultaneously exposed to environmental influences. Accumulating evidence suggests that operating epi- or above the genetic DNA sequence, covalent DNA methylation (DNAme) can be recorded onto DNA in response to environmental insults, some sites which escape normal germline erasure. These appear to intrinsically regulate future disease propensity, even transgenerationally. Thus, an organism’s genome can undergo epigenetic adjustment based on environmental influences experienced by prior generations. During the earliest stages of mammalian development, the three-dimensional presentation of the genome is dramatically changed, and DNAme is removed genome wide. Why, then, do some pathological DNAme patterns appear to be heritable? Are these correctable? In the following sections, I review concepts of transgenerational epigenetics and recent work towards programming transgenerational DNAme. A framework for editing heritable DNAme and challenges are discussed, and ethics in human research is introduced. © 2023 by the author.
Cardiogenic shock in pregnancy; Cardiac disease complicates 1%–4% of pregnancies globally, with a predominance in low and middle-income countries (LMICs). Increasing maternal age, rates of obesity, cardiovascular comorbidities, pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes all contribute to acquired cardiovascular disease in pregnancy. Additionally, improved survival in congenital heart disease (CHD) has led to increasing numbers of women with CHD undergoing pregnancy. Implementation of individualised care plans formulated through pre-conception counselling and based on national and international guidance have contributed to improved clinical outcomes. However, there remains a significant proportion of women of reproductive age with no apparent comorbidities or risk factors that develop heart disease during pregnancy, with no indication for pre-conception counselling. The most extreme manifestation of cardiac disease is cardiogenic shock (CS), where the primary cardiac pathology results in inadequate cardiac output and hypoperfusion, and is associated with significant mortality and morbidity. Key to management is early recognition, intervention to treat any potentially reversible underlying pathology and supportive measures, up to and including mechanical circulatory support (MCS). In this narrative review we discuss recent developments in the classification of CS, and how these may be adapted to improve outcomes of pregnant women with, or at risk of developing, this potentially lethal condition. © 2023 The Authors. BJOG: An International Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Fetal echocardiography changes of the right ventricle of well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: There is few evidence of right ventricular (RV) function in fetuses with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Therefore, the aim of this study was to assess the RV function of fetuses using routine and two-dimensional speckle-tracking echocardiography (2D STE) to determine the effects of well-controlled GDM in the third trimester. Methods: We used a Philips Epiq7C ultrasound instrument to obtain RV data sets from 63 subjects from July 2019 to February 2022. We compared the free wall thickness (FWT), fractional area change (FAC), Tei index (TEI), tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) and free wall longitudinal strain(FWLS)of the RV in mothers with well-controlled GDM and normal gestational age-matched fetuses. Results: 63 third trimester fetuses (32 GDM; 31 healthy controls) met the enrolment criteria. Significant differences in fetal RV were detected between the GDM and control groups for the FAC (36.35 ± 6.19 vs. 41.59 ± 9.11; P = 0.008) and the FWLS (-18.28 ± 4.23 vs. -20.98 ± 5.49; P = 0.021). There was a significant difference among the segmental strains of the base, middle and apex of the RV free wall in the healthy controls (P = 0.003), but in the GDM group, there was no statistical difference (p = 0.076). RV FWLS had a strong correlation with FAC (r = 0.467; P = 0.0002). Conclusions: In well-controlled GDM, there was measurable fetal RV hypertrophy and significant systolic function decline, indicating the presence of ventricular remodeling and dysfunction. 2D-STE can evaluate the RV free wall contraction in a more comprehensive way. © 2023, BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
Optimizing the timing of antenatal corticosteroid administration prior to anticipated preterm birth: A retrospective cohort study; Objective: To examine suboptimal antenatal corticosteroid (ACS) administration based on indications and maternal-obstetrical factors. Methods: Women who prematurely delivered (24 + 0 to 36 + 6 gestational weeks) a viable neonate following ACS treatment between 2012 and 2019 were identified by a retrospective database review. The cohort was divided into patients in whom ACS administration was optimally timed (≥24 h to ≤7 days) or suboptimally timed (>7 days). The groups were compared for ACS indications and maternal, obstetrical, and neonatal parameters. Results: The cohort included 399 women. ACS timing was optimal in 233 patients (58%) and was associated with nulliparity (109 [46.8%] vs. 54 [32.5%], P = 0.004) and preterm premature rupture of membranes (89 [38.2%] vs. 45 [27.1%], P = 0.021). Suboptimal timing was associated with chronic hypertension (22 [9.4%] vs. 36 [21.7%], P < 0.001) and asymptomatic cervical shortening (23 [9.9%] vs. 26 [15.7%], P = 0.020). Optimal ACS timing was associated with higher neonatal intensive care unit admission (135 [58%] vs. 71 [42.8%], P = 0.003). On multivariate analysis, the adjusted odds ratio (aOR) of neonatal intensive care unit admission was 0.69 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.58–0.83, P < 0.001) and 0.99 (95% CI, 0.99–1, P = 0.003) when adjusted for gestational age and birth weight, respectively. When adjusting for maternal age, the aOR for suboptimal ACS administraion due to chronic hypertension was 2.65 (95% CI, 1.49–4.72; P < 0.001). Conclusion: Optimal timing of ACS varies based on different maternal characteristics and clinical indications. In the presence of certain parameters physicians tend to administer ACS suboptimally, diminishing its beneficial effect. © 2023 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.
Diabetes mellitus: Classification, mediators, and complications; A gate to identify potential targets for the development of new effective treatments; Nowadays, diabetes mellitus has emerged as a significant global public health concern with a remarkable increase in its prevalence. This review article focuses on the definition of diabetes mellitus and its classification into different types, including type 1 diabetes (idiopathic and fulminant), type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, hybrid forms, slowly evolving immune-mediated diabetes, ketosis-prone type 2 diabetes, and other special types. Diagnostic criteria for diabetes mellitus are also discussed. The role of inflammation in both type 1 and type 2 diabetes is explored, along with the mediators and potential anti-inflammatory treatments. Furthermore, the involvement of various organs in diabetes mellitus is highlighted, such as the role of adipose tissue and obesity, gut microbiota, and pancreatic β-cells. The manifestation of pancreatic Langerhans β-cell islet inflammation, oxidative stress, and impaired insulin production and secretion are addressed. Additionally, the impact of diabetes mellitus on liver cirrhosis, acute kidney injury, immune system complications, and other diabetic complications like retinopathy and neuropathy is examined. Therefore, further research is required to enhance diagnosis, prevent chronic complications, and identify potential therapeutic targets for the management of diabetes mellitus and its associated dysfunctions. © 2023 The Authors
Considering gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension history across two pregnancies in relationship to cardiovascular disease development: A retrospective cohort study; Aims: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertension (GHTN) occurrences signal elevated cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. There is little study of occurrence and recurrence of these conditions in relationship to CVD. Among women with two singleton pregnancies, we aimed to quantify CVD risk in relationship to the number of GDM/GHTN occurrences. Methods: In this Quebec-based retrospective cohort study (n = 431,980), we ascertained the number of GDM/GHTN occurrences over two pregnancies and assessed for CVD over a median of 16.4 years (cohort inception 1990–2012, outcomes 1990–2019). We defined CVD as a composite of myocardial infarction, stroke, and angina, requiring hospitalization and/or causing death. We adjusted Cox proportional hazards models for offspring size, preterm/term birth status, maternal age group, time between deliveries, ethnicity, deprivation level, and co-morbid conditions. Results: Compared to absence of GDM/GHTN in either pregnancy, one GDM/GHTN occurrence increased CVD hazards by 47% (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.47, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.35–1.61), two occurrences nearly doubled hazards (HR = 1.91, 95% CI 1.68–2.17), and three or more approximately tripled CVD hazards (HR = 2.93, 95% CI 2.20–3.90). Individual components of the composite demonstrated similar findings. Conclusions: Health care providers and mothers should consider a complete history of GDM/GHTN occurrences to ascertain the importance and urgency of preventive action. © 2023 The Authors
Telehealth in antenatal care: recent insights and advances; Background: For decades, antenatal care in high-resource settings has involved 12–14 face-to-face visits across pregnancy. The COVID-19 pandemic forced many care providers to rapidly embrace telehealth to reduce face-to-face visits. Here we review recent advances in telehealth used to provide antenatal care. Main body: We conducted a narrative review examining the impact of telehealth on obstetric care. Two broad types of telehealth are used in antenatal care. The first is real-time telehealth, where consultations are done virtually instead of face-to-face. The second is remote monitoring, where in-clinic physical examinations are replaced with at-home alternatives. These can include blood pressure monitoring, fetal heart rate monitoring, and emerging technologies such as tele-ultrasound. Large cohort studies conducted during the pandemic era have shown that telehealth appears not to have increased adverse clinical outcomes for mothers or babies. However, further studies may be required to confidently conclude rare outcomes are unchanged, such as maternal mortality, serious morbidity, or stillbirth. Health economic studies suggest telehealth has the potential to reduce the financial cost of care provision. Telehealth in antenatal care seems to be acceptable to both pregnant women and healthcare providers. Conclusion: Adoption of telehealth technologies may improve the antenatal care experience for women and reduce healthcare expenditure without adversely impacting health outcomes for the mother or baby. More studies are warranted to confirm telehealth does not alter the risk of rare outcomes such as maternal or neonatal mortality. © 2023, BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
Artificial intelligence approaches to physiological parameter analysis in the monitoring and treatment of non-communicable diseases: A review; The wide availability of electronic medical data from multiple sources, such as clinical settings and wearable devices, evidences an important opportunity for the analysis of non-communicable diseases with high mortality rates globally and costly management expenditures, like cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular or chronic respiratory diseases. Advances in artificial intelligence (AI) have a great potential to use the information obtained from the constant monitoring of physiological parameters to create models that can serve as support in the warning of possible health complications, enabling medical professionals to provide anticipated care, thus benefiting national economies through reduction of medical expenses. The present study is a systematic review of different scientific databases taking two time periods, from 1956 to 2021 and from 2011 to 2021, to show the trends in the use of artificial intelligence algorithms and the performances obtained in the monitoring and detection of non-communicable diseases using electronic data. It is found that the analysis of cancer data predominates over that of other non-communicable diseases; also, the best performance of AI techniques was not achieved by artificial neural networks despite being the most reported computing systems in the time period considered. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
Impaired Angiogenic Function of Fetal Endothelial Progenitor Cells via PCDH10 in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Maternal hyperglycemia, induced by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), has detrimental effects on fetal vascular development, ultimately increasing the risk of cardiovascular diseases in offspring. The potential underlying mechanisms through which these complications occur are due to functional impairment and epigenetic changes in fetal endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs), which remain less defined. We confirm that intrauterine hyperglycemia leads to the impaired angiogenic function of fetal EPCs, as observed through functional assays of outgrowth endothelial cells (OECs) derived from fetal EPCs of GDM pregnancies (GDM-EPCs). Notably, PCDH10 expression is increased in OECs derived from GDM-EPCs, which is associated with the inhibition of angiogenic function in fetal EPCs. Additionally, increased PCDH10 expression is correlated with the hypomethylation of the PCDH10 promoter. Our findings demonstrate that in utero exposure to GDM can induce angiogenic dysfunction in fetal EPCs through altered gene expression and epigenetic changes, consequently increasing the susceptibility to cardiovascular diseases in the offspring of GDM mothers. © 2023 by the authors.
Comparing the pregnancy outcomes of cleavage and blastocyst stage in frozen embryo transfer cycles: A cross-sectional study; Background: In vitro fertilization has advanced in many ways, and new techniques are challenging. Blastocyst transfer is an alternative method for embryo transfer (ET) to improve in vitro fertilization outcomes. Objective: The present study was performed to determine the effect of pregnancies resulting from ET in the blastocyst stage compared to the cleavage stage in frozen cycles to select a better method of assisted reproduction. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted on 194 women who referred to the Yazd Reproductive Sciences Institute, Yazd, Iran, between April 2019 and December 2020. They had a frozen ET as either cleavage or blastocyst (n = 97/each group). The study compared the pregnancy and fetal outcomes in the 2 groups of ET at the cleavage and blastocyst stages. Results: The results showed that the blastocyst stage group had higher levels of anti-Mullerian hormone, ovule number, 2 pronuclear number, and embryo number than the cleavage stage group. The frequency of chemical pregnancies was 52.6% and 36.1% in blastocyst and cleavage group respectively (p = 0.02). Also, the frequency of clinical pregnancies was 41.2% and 22.7% in blastocyst and cleavage group respectively (p < 0.001). No statistically significant difference was observed between 2 groups in abortion, preterm delivery, multiple births, preterm premature rupture of membranes, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia, ectopic pregnancy, neonatal hospitalization in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, and fetal abnormalities (p > 0.05). Conclusion: The results showed that transmission in the blastocyst stage compared to the cleavage stage is associated with an increase in chemical and clinical pregnancy, while other pregnancy outcomes are the same in both groups. © 2023, Research and Clinical Center for Infertitlity. All rights reserved.
Establishing a regional registry for neonatal encephalopathy: impact on identification of gaps in practice; Background: Neonatal encephalopathy (NE) continues to be a significant risk for death and disability. To address this risk, regional guidelines were developed with the support of a malpractice insurance patient safety organization. A NE registry was also established to include 14 centers representing around 50% of deliveries in the state of Massachusetts. The aim of this study was to identify areas of variation in practice that could benefit from quality improvement projects. Methods: This manuscript reports on the establishment of the registry and the primary findings to date. Results: From 2018 to 2020, 502 newborns with NE were evaluated for Therapeutic Hypothermia (TH), of which 246 (49%) received TH, representing a mean of 2.91 per 1000 live births. The study reports on prenatal characteristics, delivery room resuscitation, TH eligibility screening, and post-natal management of newborns with NE who did and did not receive TH. Conclusions: The registry has allowed for the identification of areas of variation in clinical practices, which have guided ongoing quality improvement projects. The authors advocate for the establishment of local and regional registries to standardize and improve NE patient care. They have made the registry data collection tools freely available for other centers to replicate this work. Impact: Malpractice insurance companies can take an active role in supporting clinicians in establishing clinical practice guidelines and regional registries.Establishing a collaborative regional neonatal encephalopathy (NE) registry is feasible.Data Collection tools for a NE registry have been made publicly available to be adopted and replicated by other groups.Establishing a regional NE registry allowed for the identification of gaps in knowledge, variations in practice, and the opportunity to advance care through quality improvement projects. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to the International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc.
Genetic Contributions to Risk of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Purpose of Review: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), low birthweight (LBW), and preterm birth (PTB), along with peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) are associated with short- and long-term maternal and fetal cardiovascular risks. This review focuses on the genetic contributions to the risk of APOs and PPCM. Recent Findings: The expansion of genome-wide association studies (GWAS) has led to a better understanding of the biological mechanisms underpinning APO, PPCM, and the predisposition to cardiovascular disease across the life course. Genetic loci known to be involved with the risk of hypertension (FTO, ZNF831) have been associated with the development of overall HDP and preeclampsia. Additionally, four loci significantly associated with type 2 diabetes have been associated with GDM (CDKAL1, MTNR1B, TCF7L2, CDKN2A-CDKN2B). Variants in loci known to affect gene coding for proteins involved in immune cell function and placental health (EBF1, EEFSEC, AGTR2, 2q13) have been implicated in the development of PTB and future cardiovascular risks for both the mother and the offspring. Genetic similarities in rare variants between PPCM and dilated cardiomyopathy have been described suggesting shared pathophysiologic origins as well as predisposition for future risk of heart failure, highlighting the need for the development of PPCM genetic counseling guidelines. Summary: Genetics may inform mechanisms, risks, and counseling for individuals after an APO or PPCM. Through recent advances in genetic techniques and analytic approaches, new insights into the underlying biological mechanisms and genetic variants leading to these risks have been discovered. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Pathophysiological mechanisms and therapeutic approaches in obstructive sleep apnea syndrome; Obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS) is a common breathing disorder in sleep in which the airways narrow or collapse during sleep, causing obstructive sleep apnea. The prevalence of OSAS continues to rise worldwide, particularly in middle-aged and elderly individuals. The mechanism of upper airway collapse is incompletely understood but is associated with several factors, including obesity, craniofacial changes, altered muscle function in the upper airway, pharyngeal neuropathy, and fluid shifts to the neck. The main characteristics of OSAS are recurrent pauses in respiration, which lead to intermittent hypoxia (IH) and hypercapnia, accompanied by blood oxygen desaturation and arousal during sleep, which sharply increases the risk of several diseases. This paper first briefly describes the epidemiology, incidence, and pathophysiological mechanisms of OSAS. Next, the alterations in relevant signaling pathways induced by IH are systematically reviewed and discussed. For example, IH can induce gut microbiota (GM) dysbiosis, impair the intestinal barrier, and alter intestinal metabolites. These mechanisms ultimately lead to secondary oxidative stress, systemic inflammation, and sympathetic activation. We then summarize the effects of IH on disease pathogenesis, including cardiocerebrovascular disorders, neurological disorders, metabolic diseases, cancer, reproductive disorders, and COVID-19. Finally, different therapeutic strategies for OSAS caused by different causes are proposed. Multidisciplinary approaches and shared decision-making are necessary for the successful treatment of OSAS in the future, but more randomized controlled trials are needed for further evaluation to define what treatments are best for specific OSAS patients. © 2023, The Author(s).
The EVA (Early Vascular Aging) Study: Association of Central Obesity With Worse Arterial Health After Preeclampsia; BACKGROUND: Women with preeclampsia have a higher risk of cardiovascular disease. This is partly explained by the worse arterial health after preeclampsia. Central obesity (CO) is a risk factor for both preeclampsia and cardiovascular disease. Whether CO contributes to further worsening of arterial health after preeclampsia remains unclear. Our objective was to evalu-ate the effect of CO and previous preeclampsia on arterial hemodynamics. METHODS AND RESULTS: We studied 40 women with previous preeclampsia (<6 years) and 40 age-matched controls with previous normotensive pregnancy in the same timeframe. We estimated arterial hemodynamics with validated techniques combining applanation tonometry and echocardiography. CO was defined as a waist-to-hip ratio ≥0.85. Differences in arterial hemodynamics across the 3 groups (preeclampsia with CO, preeclampsia without CO, and controls) were assessed with multivariable linear regression models adjusted for potential confounders. Twenty-six (65%) of the participants with preec-lampsia had CO compared with 18 (45%) controls. Mean waist-to-hip ratio in patients with preeclampsia with CO, those with preeclampsia and no CO, and controls was 0.94±0.05, 0.80±0.04, and 0.83±0.07, respectively. In multivariable analyses, women with preeclampsia and CO had higher central blood pressure, arterial stiffness (carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity), steady arterial load (systemic vascular resistance), and wave reflections (reflected pressure wave amplitude, augmentation index) compared with controls (P<0.05 for each). Fewer hemodynamic domains were altered in the preeclampsia with no CO group, with higher central diastolic blood pressure, systemic vascular resistance, and wave reflections than controls (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Women with previous preeclampsia who also experience CO have the greatest alterations in arterial health and hemodynamics. Patients with preeclampsia with CO may represent a higher-risk subgroup who could be targeted for risk stratification and primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. © 2023 The Authors.
Multifaceted Fontan Patients and Their Response to Pregnancy; We present 4 patients with Fontan circulation who underwent successful pregnancies, albeit with complications that required close monitoring and timely intervention. Each Fontan patient presents with a unique clinical picture, making risk stratification challenging but all the more important. © 2023 The Authors
Risk of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in women with vaginal bleeding before 20 gestational weeks: Danish population-based cohort study; Background: Women's reproductive health is associated with cardiovascular morbidity. However, an association of vaginal bleeding (VB) in pregnancy with diabetes and cardiovascular outcomes has scarcely been investigated. Methods: We conducted a population-based cohort study in Denmark (1994-2018). Using nationwide registries, among 903327 women we identified 1901725 pregnancies: 39265 ended in childbirth and were affected by VB; 1389285 ended in childbirth and were unaffected by VB; 333785 ended in a termination, and 139390 ended in a miscarriage. The outcomes were diabetes types 1 and 2, hypertension, ischaemic heart disease including myocardial infarction, atrial fibrillation or flutter, heart failure and ischaemic and haemorrhagic stroke. We computed incidence rates and hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) adjusted for age, calendar year of pregnancy end, morbidities and reproductive and socioeconomic factors, using inverse probability of treatment-weighted Cox proportional hazards regression. Results: In analyses of VB-affected vs VB-unaffected pregnancies, aHRs were 1.15 (1.03-1.28) for diabetes type 1, 1.19 (1.13-1.26) for diabetes type 2, 1.19 (1.14-1.25) for hypertension, 1.26 (1.16-1.37) for ischaemic heart disease, 1.21 (1.03-1.42) for myocardial infarction, 1.32 (1.14-1.51) for atrial fibrillation or flutter and 1.23 (0.99-1.52) for heart failure. aHRs were 1.41 (1.26-1.57) and 1.46 (1.23-1.72) for ischaemic and haemorrhagic stroke, respectively. When contrasting VB-affected pregnancies with terminations, aHRs were up to 1.3-fold increased for diabetes and hypertension; however, when contrasting VB-affected pregnancies with miscarriages, estimates were below or close to the null value. Conclusions: Women's risks of diabetes and cardiovascular outcomes later in life were increased following VB-affected vs VB-unaffected pregnancy or termination, but not following VB-affected pregnancy vs miscarriage.  © 2023 The Author(s) 2023; all rights reserved. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Epidemiological Association.
Targeting protein modifications in metabolic diseases: molecular mechanisms and targeted therapies; The ever-increasing prevalence of noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) represents a major public health burden worldwide. The most common form of NCD is metabolic diseases, which affect people of all ages and usually manifest their pathobiology through life-threatening cardiovascular complications. A comprehensive understanding of the pathobiology of metabolic diseases will generate novel targets for improved therapies across the common metabolic spectrum. Protein posttranslational modification (PTM) is an important term that refers to biochemical modification of specific amino acid residues in target proteins, which immensely increases the functional diversity of the proteome. The range of PTMs includes phosphorylation, acetylation, methylation, ubiquitination, SUMOylation, neddylation, glycosylation, palmitoylation, myristoylation, prenylation, cholesterylation, glutathionylation, S-nitrosylation, sulfhydration, citrullination, ADP ribosylation, and several novel PTMs. Here, we offer a comprehensive review of PTMs and their roles in common metabolic diseases and pathological consequences, including diabetes, obesity, fatty liver diseases, hyperlipidemia, and atherosclerosis. Building upon this framework, we afford a through description of proteins and pathways involved in metabolic diseases by focusing on PTM-based protein modifications, showcase the pharmaceutical intervention of PTMs in preclinical studies and clinical trials, and offer future perspectives. Fundamental research defining the mechanisms whereby PTMs of proteins regulate metabolic diseases will open new avenues for therapeutic intervention. © 2023, The Author(s).
The correlation with abnormal fetal outcome and a high level of amniotic fluid alpha-fetoprotein in mid-trimester; Objective: To evaluate the correlation of high levels [>2.0 multiples of median (MoM)] of amniotic fluid alpha-fetoprotein (AFAFP) in midtrimester with abnormal fetal outcome. Materials and methods: We retrospectively studied 6245 pregnant women with singleton pregnancy who had undergone amniocentesis between 15 and 27 weeks’ gestation at Mackay Memorial Hospital between January 2014 and June 2020. Fifty-five cases had high AFAFP levels (>2.0 MoM). We investigated the abnormal fetal outcomes. Results: Among the fifty-five cases with high AFAFP levels (>2.0 MoM), thirty (54.5%) had fetal chromosomal abnormalities, major structural abnormalities, and/or adverse obstetric events. Eight cases (14.5%) had chromosomal abnormalities including trisomy 21 (3 cases), trisomy 18 (3 cases), mosaic trisomy 18 (1 cases), and mosaic ring 13 (1 case). Seventeen cases (30.9%) had major structural abnormalities including abdominal wall defect (6 cases) and central nervous system (5 cases), gastrointestinal tract (3 cases), cardiovascular (2 cases), and genitourinary tract (2 cases) abnormalities. Fifteen cases (27%) had adverse obstetric events, including preterm delivery (5 cases), intrauterine fetal demise (4 cases), small for gestational age (4 cases), preeclampsia (4 cases), gestational diabetes mellitus (2 cases), gestational hypertension (1 case), preterm prelabor rupture of membrane (1 case), prolonged labor (1 case), and preterm uterine contraction (1 case). Conclusion: A high AFAFP level (>2.0 MoM) in midtrimester can be associated with abnormal fetal outcome, including chromosomal abnormalities, major structural abnormalities, and adverse obstetric events. Women with a prenatal diagnosis of high AFAFP levels (>2.0 MoM) should be alerted of the possibility of abnormal fetal outcomes, and further detailed genetic studies and serial sonographic examinations are recommended. © 2023
Hypertensive pregnancy complications and maternal characteristics as predictors of cardiovascular health within ten years after delivery; Objective: To identify the combination of maternal characteristics in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) associated with hypertensive and other cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) within ten years following delivery. The aim is to understand who should receive the most intensive primary cardiovascular disease prevention. Study design: A prospective cohort study. Main outcome: The population was the FINNPEC cohort (2008–2011), including women with (n = 1837) and without (n = 847) HDP. The main exposures were maternal hypertensive pregnancy complications linked with maternal pregnancy data from hospital records. The outcomes were hypertensive diseases and other CVDs (International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision). Results: Women with de novo pre-eclampsia (PE) had an elevated risk for hypertensive diseases within ten years following delivery. The risk of CVD was increased in women with superimposed PE and chronic hypertension (CHT) only. Women with de novo PE and hypertensive diseases were more often primiparous (41.4% vs. 23.0%, p = 0.020), had gestational diabetes (GDM) (31.0% vs. 11.7%, p = 0.002), and higher pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) (28.7 ± 5.8 vs. 24.6 ± 4.8 kg/m2, p = 0.001), compared with women who remained normotensive. Women with superimposed PE with CVD had more likely early-onset PE, preterm delivery and were older than women without later CVD. Conclusions: Healthcare professionals should target early prevention of CVDs in women with chronic hypertension during pregnancy; of those who developed superimposed PE prior to 34th weeks of gestation and who delivered preterm. Women with de novo PE who are overweight/obese, primiparous, and with concurrent GDM need regular blood pressure monitoring. © 2023 The Authors
Hemodynamic evaluation of extremely low birth weight infants during the first 7 days of life; Background and aim: We aimed to investigate the hemodynamic status of extremely low birth weight (ELBW) infants during the transitional period under intensive management. Methods: This retrospective cohort study analyzed left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF), left ventricular end-systolic wall stress (ESWS), left ventricular internal dimension in diastole (LVIDd), and mean arterial pressure (MAP) of ELBW infants during their first week of life. Small for gestational age (SGA), histological chorioamnionitis (hCAM), severe intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), and non-survival to discharge infants were compared to their counterparts. Results: Sixty-two infants (25.7 ± 2.1 weeks, 700.7 ± 165.4 g) were analyzed. MAP gradually increased. Median LVEF was 69.8 % on day 1, decreased to 62.7 % on day 2, then increased throughout the week. ESWS was lowest at birth, rose to 28.2 g/cm2 on day 2, and decreased on day 6. There were no significant changes in LVIDd. SGA infants had higher MAP throughout, higher LVEF on day 2 and 3, but lower LVEF on day 5 to 7. LVIDd was lower in hCAM group. Severe IVH group had a more significant drop in LVEF on day 2, higher ESWS, and a higher incidence of hemodynamic significant patent ductus arteriosus (hsPDA). Non-survival had lower LVIDd. Conclusions: MAP increased gradually. Hemodynamic instability was observed in the first two days, with decreased LVEF and increased ESWS before stabilization. We observed an alteration in hemodynamic adaptation in SGA and hCAM infants. Severe IVH group experienced early hemodynamic instability and a higher incidence of hsPDA. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Clinical significance of components of metabolic syndrome in women of fertile age with different reproductive function disorders; Introduction. Metabolic syndrome (MS) is a complex medical and social problem and is directly related to obesity, diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases, which have a negative impact on women's fertility. The aim. To analyze the relationship between the components of the MS with different disorders of the female reproductive function and the pathogenesis of their occurrence. Material and methods. The literature sources were reviewed, and the obtained data were analyzed. Results. The initial manifestations of metabolic disorders are associated with obesity or adiposipathy. Waist circumference is a better prognostic indicator than body mass index. The leading role in the progression of MS is played by lifestyle, chronic stress, lack of sleep, and hereditary factors. Insulin resistance is often observed in newborns with low weight for gestational age and is sharply increased in obesity. Low nighttime melatonin levels are associated with insulin resistance, especially in women with polycystic ovary syndrome. The feedback between the level of vitamin D and the degree of obesity is established, since vitamin D is able to suppress the adipogenesis process. Leptin is an important factor in binding obesity, MS and cardiovascular disease. Android obesity is strongly correlated with the development of metabolic and cardiovascular complications. Excessive androgens are an inductive factor in adipocyte hypertrophy and local inflammation. Polycystic ovary syndrome associated with visceral fat accumulation, and insulin resistance in women stimulates androgen secretion with ovaries. Conclusions. Pathological changes in the ratio of sex hormones can lead to individual components of MS. At the same time, insulin resistance is one of the factors in the development of gynecological pathology from the acceleration of sexual development, virilization and, as a result, dysfunction of the ovaries, endometrium, and the development of gestational diabetes. The relationship between the MS manifestations, reproductive function and gynecological pathology in women of all ages requires further study to determine additional MS parameters, mandatory methods of diagnosis and prevention. © 2023, Publishing House Medknyha. All rights reserved.
Locating illness behavior as a social practice among women in Jammu city; This paper seeks to understand the patterns of social experiences of women patients by means of an empirical study undertaken in the Jammu region of the union territory of Jammu and Kashmir in India. Social factors play an immense role in determining the onset and management of lifestyle diseases among South Asian women. These social factors entail some peculiar entities that require detailed investigation. Data were collected in Government Medical College Hospital, Jammu, and its allied hospitals. Results show that for women, social factors and their impact on illness patterns have a strong bearing on their care-seeking behavior. Care-seeking behavior of women in this part of the country is determined by their social status and is determined by the meanings that are provided to these illness experiences. Therefore, physical pain and related symptoms were not found to impact these women as much as changes in their socio-familial status due to the onset of lifestyle diseases. These diseases can broadly be categorized into three categories, namely, socially stigmatising diseases, socially irrelevant diseases, and socio-economically burdensome diseases. However, these categories are not fixed for a particular disease. As the experiences of the women undergo change, so does the categorization of the disease. Hence, diabetes may be a socially irrelevant disease at one point of time. Nevertheless, as the condition of the patient deteriorates, diabetes becomes a socio-economically burdensome disease. That is why lifestyle diseases keeps circulating from one category to another every time a patient encounters a new result arising from a lifestyle disease. © 2023 Policy Studies Organization.
A Longitudinal Study of Plasma Glycated Albumin across Pregnancy and Associations with Maternal Characteristics and Cardiometabolic Biomarkers; BACKGROUND: Glycated albumin (GA) has recently been proposed as a screening marker for diabetes among non-pregnant individuals. However, data on GA during pregnancy are sparse and lacking among women of diverse race/ethnicity. We investigated longitudinal concentrations of GA among multiracial pregnant women in the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD) Fetal Growth Studies–Singletons. METHODS: We quantified GA and cardiometabolic biomarkers using longitudinal plasma samples collected at 10 to 14, 15 to 26 (fasting), 23 to 31, and 33 to 39 gestational weeks from 214 pregnant women without gestational diabetes. We examined the distribution of GA across pregnancy and its association with participants’ characteristics including race/ethnicity, pre-pregnancy body mass index (ppBMI), and selected cardiometabolic biomarkers. GA trajectories were estimated using a latent class approach. RESULTS: Medians (interquartile range) of GA concentrations were 12.1% (10.6%–13.4%), 12.5% (10.7%–13.8%), 12.4% (10.9%–13.5%), and 11.5% (10.4%–12.5%) at 10 to 14, 15 to 26, 23 to 31, and 33 to 39 weeks, respectively. There were no significant differences in the pattern among different race/ethnic groups (P > 0.53). A minority of women exhibited a GA trajectory characterized by a high concentration of GA at 15 to 26 weeks. GA concentrations were inversely related to ppBMI and plasma low-density lipoprotein and triglyceride concentrations, but were not significantly related to hemoglobin A1c, fasting insulin, or glucose over pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: In this study of individuals who were normoglycemic before pregnancy, plasma GA concentrations stayed relatively constant over pregnancy, decreasing only in late pregnancy. GA concentrations were inversely related to ppBMI and suboptimal lipid profiles, but did not appear to be a sensitive marker for glucose metabolism in pregnancy. © The Author(s) 2023. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of Association for Diagnostics & Laboratory Medicine.
Misoprostol with balloon vs oxytocin with balloon in high-risk pregnancy induction: a randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Pregnancies at high risk for maternal, fetal, or placental complications often necessitate induction of labor in the late preterm or early term period for delivery. Limited data exist on the safest method of induction to use in this specific patient population. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the combination of oxytocin plus a Cook balloon vs misoprostol plus a Cook balloon for induction of labor in high-risk pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted an open-label, randomized controlled trial at a single institution from July 2020 to May 2022. The study was approved by the institutional review board and registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT04492072). Individuals with a high-risk pregnancy, at least ≥22 weeks’ gestation, with a singleton in cephalic presentation, Bishop score ≤6, and intact membranes were offered enrollment. A high-risk pregnancy was defined as a pregnancy with any of the following complications: hypertensive disease of pregnancy, fetal growth restriction, oligohydramnios, suspected placental abruption requiring delivery, uncontrolled pregestational diabetes, or abnormal biophysical profile or nonstress test requiring delivery. The primary outcome was the rate of cesarean delivery. Secondary maternal outcomes included induction to delivery interval, number of vaginal deliveries within 24 hours, rates of uterine tachysystole, intraamniotic infection, operative vaginal delivery, and postpartum hemorrhage. Secondary fetal outcomes included fetal heart rate abnormalities, stillbirth, Apgar scores <7 at 5 minutes, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, arterial umbilical blood pH <7.1, sepsis, and neonatal death. A subgroup analysis was planned for the primary outcome to assess the different indications for cesarean delivery. An intent-to-treat analysis was performed. RESULTS: During the 22 months of the trial, a total of 150 patients were randomized, and 73 (49%) of those were induced with oxytocin and a Cook balloon and 77 (51%) were induced with misoprostol and a Cook balloon. There was no significant difference in the overall rate of cesarean delivery between the study groups, (21.9% vs 31.1%; relative risk, 0.70; 95% confidence interval, 0.41–1.21), nor among those for which the cesarean delivery was performed for a specific indication. There were no differences in the secondary maternal and fetal or neonatal adverse outcomes. CONCLUSION: In high-risk pregnancies, the rate of cesarean delivery and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes were similar for induction of labor with oxytocin and a Cook balloon and for induction with misoprostol and a Cook balloon. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
New Insights into Prospective Health Potential of ω-3 PUFAs; Purpose of Review: Docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid are the two essential long-chain ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (ω-3 PUFAs) promoting human health which are obtained from diet or supplementation. The eicosanoids derived from ω-6 and ω-3 PUFAs have opposite characteristics of pro- and anti-inflammatory activities. The proinflammatory effects of ω-6 PUFAs are behind the pathology of the adverse health conditions of PUFA metabolism like cardiovascular diseases, neurological disorders, and inflammatory diseases. A balanced ω-6 to ω-3 ratio of 1–4:1 is critical to prevent the associated disorders. But due to modern agricultural practices, there is a disastrous shift in this ratio to 10–20:1. This review primarily aims to discuss the myriad health potentials of ω-3 PUFAs uncovered through recent research. It further manifests the importance of maintaining a balanced ω-6 to ω-3 PUFA ratio. Recent Findings: ω-3 PUFAs exhibit protective effects against diabetes mellitus–associated complications including diabetic retinopathy, diabetic nephropathy, and proteinuria. COVID-19 is also not an exception to the health benefits of ω-3 PUFAs. Supplementation of ω-3 PUFAs improved the respiratory and clinical symptoms in COVID-19 patients. Summary: ω-3 PUFAs exhibit a variety of health benefits including anti-inflammatory property and antimicrobial property and are effective in protecting against various health conditions like atherosclerosis, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus, COVID-19, and neurological disorders. In the present review, various health potentials of ω-3 PUFAs are extensively reviewed and summarized. Further, the importance of a balanced ω-6 to ω-3 PUFA ratio has been emphasized besides stating the diverse sources of ω-3 PUFA. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Methylation analysis by targeted bisulfite sequencing in large for gestational age (LGA) newborns: the LARGAN cohort; Background: In 1990, David Barker proposed that prenatal nutrition is directly linked to adult cardiovascular disease. Since then, the relationship between adult cardiovascular risk, metabolic syndrome and birth weight has been widely documented. Here, we used the TruSeq Methyl Capture EPIC platform to compare the methylation patterns in cord blood from large for gestational age (LGA) vs adequate for gestational age (AGA) newborns from the LARGAN cohort. Results: We found 1672 differentially methylated CpGs (DMCs) with a nominal p < 0.05 and 48 differentially methylated regions (DMRs) with a corrected p < 0.05 between the LGA and AGA groups. A systems biology approach identified several biological processes significantly enriched with genes in association with DMCs with FDR < 0.05, including regulation of transcription, regulation of epinephrine secretion, norepinephrine biosynthesis, receptor transactivation, forebrain regionalization and several terms related to kidney and cardiovascular development. Gene ontology analysis of the genes in association with the 48 DMRs identified several significantly enriched biological processes related to kidney development, including mesonephric duct development and nephron tubule development. Furthermore, our dataset identified several DNA methylation markers enriched in gene networks involved in biological pathways and rare diseases of the cardiovascular system, kidneys, and metabolism. Conclusions: Our study identified several DMCs/DMRs in association with fetal overgrowth. The use of cord blood as a material for the identification of DNA methylation biomarkers gives us the possibility to perform follow-up studies on the same patients as they grow. These studies will not only help us understand how the methylome responds to continuum postnatal growth but also link early alterations of the DNA methylome with later clinical markers of growth and metabolic fitness. © 2023, The Author(s).
The association of breast feeding for at least six months with hemodynamic and metabolic health of women and their children aged three years: an observational cohort study; Background: Breastfeeding is important for both mother and child in reducing risk of future cardiovascular disease. Therefore, it may be an effective method to improve cardio-metabolic health, particularly those who are exposed to pregnancy complications which increase later CVD risk for both mother and child. The aim of this study is to assess differences in cardiometabolic health at three years postpartum in mothers who breastfed for at least six months and their children compared to those who did not. Methods: Women and children from the Screening Tests to Predict Poor Outcomes of Pregnancy (STOP) study (2015–2017) were invited to attend a health check-up at three years postpartum. Women’s breastfeeding status at least six months postpartum was ascertained through their child health record. Anthropometric and hemodynamic measurements were taken from women and their children. A fasting blood sample was taken from women to measure blood glucose and lipids. Results: A total of 160 woman-child dyads were assessed in this study. Women who breastfed for at least six months had significantly lower maternal BMI, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, mean arterial pressure, central systolic blood pressure, and central diastolic blood pressure than those who did not and this did not change after adjusting for BMI and socioeconomic index in early pregnancy, prenatal smoking and maternal age in early pregnancy. Subgroup analysis on women who had one or more pregnancy complications during the index pregnancy (i.e. preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, delivery of a small for gestational age infant, delivery of a preterm infant, and/or gestational diabetes mellitus) demonstrated that women who breastfed for at least six months had significantly lower maternal systolic and diastolic blood pressures, serum insulin and triglycerides, and higher HDL cholesterol. There were no differences in child anthropometric or hemodynamic variables at three years of age between those children who had been breastfed for at least six months and those who had not. Conclusion: Breastfeeding for at least six months may reduce some maternal; cardiovascular risk factors in women at three years postpartum, in particular, in those who have experienced a complication of pregnancy. Trial registration: ACTRN12614000985684 (12/09/2014). © 2023, The Author(s).
Safe delivery planning of patients with moyamoya disease in pregnancy: Case series of a single center; Objective: Moyamoya disease (MMD) is a rare cerebral vascular disease and there is limited clinical experience for pregnant women. Cerebrovascular condition might deteriorated during pregnancy. Management and mode of delivery is challenging for obstetrics specialist. Case report: Three cases of parturients with moyamoya disease delivered in National Taiwan University Hospital are presented. All were previously diagnosed and one had stroke incidence before current pregnancy course. Two delivered with Cesarean section and one with vaginal delivery, and all delivered at term without maternal or neonatal complication. Conclusion: Although delivery method of parturients with MMD has been debating, vaginal delivery may be suitable for certain cases under adequate monitoring and case selection. © 2023
Doula Support and Pregnancy-Related Complications and Death Among Childbearing Women in the United States: A Scoping Review; Introduction: The potential benefits of perinatal doula support are many; however, doulas are underutilized, which may heighten pregnancy-related complications. In this scoping review, we assess the influence of perinatal doula support on pregnancy-related complications and death in the United States. Methods: We searched PubMed, CINAHL, Scopus, and Alt HealthWatch for literature on doula support and its influence on pregnancy-related complications (maternal fever or infection, postpartum hemorrhage, amniotic fluid embolism, complications from anesthesia, preeclampsia, eclampsia, cardiomyopathy, pulmonary or thrombotic embolism, and cerebrovascular accident). Peer-reviewed articles written in English and conducted in the United States from 1969 to 2021 were included. Screening at all levels was blinded. We extracted data based on title, author, year, design, population, sample size, methods, limitations, recommendations, and definition of doula support. Results: Following removal of duplicates, review of 3679 article titles and abstracts yielded 42 articles for full-text review; 3 articles met final inclusion criteria. One included study focused on intrapartum doula support and 2 on doula support that extended throughout the perinatal period. Within the included studies, doula support was associated with decreased rates of intrapartum maternal fever and gestational hypertension; however, it was not associated with decreased rates of gestational diabetes or depression. Discussion: The literature has addressed the benefits of perinatal doula support, but studies with validated tools to examine associations between doula support and pregnancy-related complications and death are lacking. The studies that addressed intrapartum and continuous doula care included large generalizable samples, from which future research can draw to improve the practice of caring for patients during the perinatal period. Extensive research shows that unfavorable conditions can influence perinatal outcomes across generations. Implementing doula support may offer a potential approach to reduce and help alleviate resulting disparities in perinatal health. © 2023 by the American College of Nurse-Midwives.
Review of short-term and long-term adverse effects of covid-19 vaccination during pregnancy; Background: The covid-19 pandemic sparked a debate about the safety of vaccines during pregnancy. However, pregnant women were excluded from the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine phase 3 trials. As two years have passed since the first Covid-19 vaccine and more studies have been conducted, we want to evaluate the scientific literature to determine any actual risks in taking the vaccine during pregnancy. Methods: We conducted literature research using PubMed and Google Scholar databases from January to April 2023. As the review considers short- and long-term adverse effects it was divided into two parts. The first part was conducted as a systematic review. The second concerning long-term negative effects due to lack of research is a literature review. The inclusion criteria for the systematic review part were singleton pregnancies, women vaccinated during pregnancy, and studies from 2020 and later. The most common short-term pregnancy adverse effects were included in the search: preterm delivery, small gestation age, intrauterine death, congenital defects, stillborn, fetal growth retardation, spontaneous abortion. Maternal immune activation was the primary concern for the long-term adverse effects and whether vaccination could cause it. The search terms included maternal immune activation, fetal neurodevelopment, neuropsychiatric disorders and the studies used were from 2019. Results: Most studies showed no significant difference in short-term adverse effects between vaccinated and non-vaccinated women and their fetuses. However, the literature is insufficient to evaluate possible long-term adverse effects. Conclusion: Available evidence supports the safety of administering SARS-CoV-2 vaccines to pregnant women, but further systematic reviews and meta-analyses are essential. Maternal immune activation caused by vaccination may impact a child's neurodevelopment and should be a concern for future studies. © 2023 The Authors
Gestational diabetes mellitus, follow-up of future maternal risk of cardiovascular disease and the use of eHealth technologies—a scoping review; Background: Globally, gestational diabetes mellitus complicates 1 in 6 pregnancies and increases future risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the affected women. There is a lack of consensus on the optimal follow-up of these women. eHealth is emerging as a health care tool, but its practical utility and advantages over standard care in the follow-up after pregnancy complications remains to be determined. Our aim was to systematically review the existing literature on cardiovascular follow-up after gestational diabetes, the utility of eHealth technology for this purpose, and to identify research gaps. Methods: We performed a systematic scoping review following a published protocol and the Joanna Briggs methodology for studies up until May 2022. Four databases were searched: Ovid MEDLINE, Embase, Maternity and Infant Care, and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews. Primary research articles and systematic reviews were included in the final analyses. Two reviewers independently screened abstracts and performed full text assessment. Data was extracted using a data charting form. In all stages of the process, if consensus was not reached, a third reviewer was consulted. The findings from the data charting process provided the basis for summarizing the findings from the included studies. Results: The search of the databases generated 2772 hits. After removing duplicates and manually adding a total of 19 studies, reviews, and guidelines, a total of 2769 titles and abstracts were screened, and 97 papers underwent full-text review. In the final analyses, 15 articles and 12 systematic reviews were included, whereas guidelines are presented as supplementary material. No studies were identified that examined follow-up regarding long-term overall cardiovascular risk after gestational diabetes. Various lifestyle interventions were tested for individual cardiovascular risk factors, with diverging effects. eHealth technologies were found acceptable by participants but had no consistent, statistically significant effect on relevant health outcomes. Conclusions: This scoping review of the existing literature revealed neither an established systematic cardiovascular follow-up strategy for women after gestational diabetes nor evidence that eHealth technologies are superior to conventional follow-up. Further research into the utility of eHealth in cardiovascular follow-up after complicated pregnancies should include longer-term follow-up and core cardiovascular outcomes. Systematic review registration: The protocol for this scoping review was published at Open Science Framework (osf.io/p5hw6). © 2023, BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
The impact of epilepsy and antiseizure medications on pregnancy and neonatal outcomes: A nationwide cohort study; Purpose: Our objective was to assess the adverse outcomes during pregnancy, as well as for the fetus and neonates, in women with epilepsy, both with and without the use of antiseizure medications (ASMs). Methods: A cohort of singleton pregnancies between January 1, 2004 and December 31, 2014 was identified using the Taiwan National Health Database. The pregnancies were categorized into ASM exposure, ASM nonexposure, and control (consisting of women without an epilepsy diagnosis) groups. We recorded adverse outcomes in neonates and documented pregnancy complications. The generalized estimating equation with logit link was used to estimate adjusted odds ratios. Results: There were 629 singleton pregnancies in the group exposed to ASMs, 771 in the epilepsy group without ASM exposure, and 2,004,479 in the control group. Women with epilepsy had a significantly higher risk of puerperal cerebrovascular diseases (adjusted odds ratios in the exposure and nonexposure groups = 54.46 and 20.37, respectively), respiratory distress syndrome (5.1 and 2.99), mortality (3.15 and 3.22), sepsis (2.67 and 2.54), pregnancy-related hypertension (1.71 and 1.8), preeclampsia (1.87 and 1.79), cesarean delivery (1.72 and 2.15), and preterm labor (1.38 and 1.56). The use of ASMs may increase the risk of eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio = 12.27). Compared to controls, fetuses/neonates born to women with epilepsy had a higher risk of unexplained stillbirth (adjusted odds ratios in the exposure and nonexposure groups = 2.51 and 2.37, respectively), congenital anomaly (1.37 and 1.33), central nervous system malformation (3.57 and 2.25), low birth weight (1.90 and 1.97), and a low Apgar score at 5 min (2.63 and 1.3). The use of ASMs may introduce an additional risk of small for gestational age; the adjusted odds ratio was 1.51. Conclusion: Women with epilepsy, irrespective of their exposure to ASMs, had a slightly elevated risk of pregnancy and perinatal complications. Puerperal cerebrovascular diseases may be a hidden risk for women with epilepsy. © 2023 The Authors. Brain and Behavior published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Predicting labor onset relative to the estimated date of delivery using smart ring physiological data; The transition from pregnancy into parturition is physiologically directed by maternal, fetal and placental tissues. We hypothesize that these processes may be reflected in maternal physiological metrics. We enrolled pregnant participants in the third-trimester (n = 118) to study continuously worn smart ring devices monitoring heart rate, heart rate variability, skin temperature, sleep and physical activity from negative temperature coefficient, 3-D accelerometer and infrared photoplethysmography sensors. Weekly surveys assessed labor symptoms, pain, fatigue and mood. We estimated the association between each metric, gestational age, and the likelihood of a participant’s labor beginning prior to (versus after) the clinical estimated delivery date (EDD) of 40.0 weeks with mixed effects regression. A boosted random forest was trained on the physiological metrics to predict pregnancies that naturally passed the EDD versus undergoing onset of labor prior to the EDD. Here we report that many raw sleep, activity, pain, fatigue and labor symptom metrics are correlated with gestational age. As gestational age advances, pregnant individuals have lower resting heart rate 0.357 beats/minute/week, 0.84 higher heart rate variability (milliseconds) and shorter durations of physical activity and sleep. Further, random forest predictions determine pregnancies that would pass the EDD with accuracy of 0.71 (area under the receiver operating curve). Self-reported symptoms of labor correlate with increased gestational age and not with the timing of labor (relative to EDD) or onset of spontaneous labor. The use of maternal smart ring-derived physiological data in the third-trimester may improve prediction of the natural duration of pregnancy relative to the EDD. © 2023, Springer Nature Limited.
A Retrospective before and after Assessment of Multidisciplinary Management for Postpartum Hemorrhage; Postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) remains a major cause of maternal morbidity and mortality. While PPH treatment guidelines exist, data on their effect on reduction in red blood cell (RBC) transfusions and use of hemostatic products are scarce. Continuous evaluation of PPH management is important to assess potential pitfalls and incorporate new treatment options. We retrospectively compared PPH management and administration of RBC and hemostatic products before and after international guideline implementation. The primary endpoint was RBC administration for PPH. Secondary endpoints were hemoglobin trigger for RBC administration, administration of hemostatic products and surgical therapies. In total 235 patients had a PPH, 59 in 2011 and 176 in 2018. In 2018, fewer patients received RBC within 24 h (2018: 10% vs. 2011: 32%, p < 0.001) and 24 h after delivery (2018: 4.5% vs. 2011: 37%, p < 0.001). The number of RBC units transfused per case was significantly lower in 2018 (two vs. four units in 2011, p = 0.013). A significantly reduced transfusion of fresh frozen plasma and platelets was observed in 2018 (p < 0.001 and p = 0.002, respectively). In 2011, additional surgeries for PPH in both the acute and subacute phase were performed more frequently. Local implementation of multidisciplinary PPH guidelines is feasible and was associated with a significant reduction in transfused blood products. © 2023 by the authors.
Effects of diabetes on microglial physiology: a systematic review of in vitro, preclinical and clinical studies; Diabetes mellitus is a heterogeneous chronic metabolic disorder characterized by the presence of hyperglycemia, commonly preceded by a prediabetic state. The excess of blood glucose can damage multiple organs, including the brain. In fact, cognitive decline and dementia are increasingly being recognized as important comorbidities of diabetes. Despite the largely consistent link between diabetes and dementia, the underlying causes of neurodegeneration in diabetic patients remain to be elucidated. A common factor for almost all neurological disorders is neuroinflammation, a complex inflammatory process in the central nervous system for the most part orchestrated by microglial cells, the main representatives of the immune system in the brain. In this context, our research question aimed to understand how diabetes affects brain and/or retinal microglia physiology. We conducted a systematic search in PubMed and Web of Science to identify research items addressing the effects of diabetes on microglial phenotypic modulation, including critical neuroinflammatory mediators and their pathways. The literature search yielded 1327 records, including 18 patents. Based on the title and abstracts, 830 papers were screened from which 250 primary research papers met the eligibility criteria (original research articles with patients or with a strict diabetes model without comorbidities, that included direct data about microglia in the brain or retina), and 17 additional research papers were included through forward and backward citations, resulting in a total of 267 primary research articles included in the scoping systematic review. We reviewed all primary publications investigating the effects of diabetes and/or its main pathophysiological traits on microglia, including in vitro studies, preclinical models of diabetes and clinical studies on diabetic patients. Although a strict classification of microglia remains elusive given their capacity to adapt to the environment and their morphological, ultrastructural and molecular dynamism, diabetes modulates microglial phenotypic states, triggering specific responses that include upregulation of activity markers (such as Iba1, CD11b, CD68, MHC-II and F4/80), morphological shift to amoeboid shape, secretion of a wide variety of cytokines and chemokines, metabolic reprogramming and generalized increase of oxidative stress. Pathways commonly activated by diabetes-related conditions include NF-κB, NLRP3 inflammasome, fractalkine/CX3CR1, MAPKs, AGEs/RAGE and Akt/mTOR. Altogether, the detailed portrait of complex interactions between diabetes and microglia physiology presented here can be regarded as an important starting point for future research focused on the microglia–metabolism interface. © 2023, The Author(s).
Cohort profile update: the Norwegian STORK Groruddalen (STORK G) pregnancy and birth cohort—the role of ethnicity and causal pathways for obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and other health issues; Purpose The STORK Groruddalen cohort was set up in 2008 to explore ethnic differences in: (1) maternal health, primarily gestational diabetes (GDM) and related health issues during pregnancy and post partum, and effects of exposures on risk for type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and other health issues, and (2) offspring’s growth and body composition, overweight/obesity and effects of early life exposures. Participants 823 women (74% of invited) were followed from gestational week (GW) 15. Data were collected from 618 fathers. In total, 59% of women and 53% of fathers had origin from non-Western countries. Maternal mean age was 29.9 years (SD 4.9), and body mass index (BMI) 25.3 kg/m2 (4.9). Data were obtained from 772 women (94%) at GW 28, and 662 women (80%) 14 weeks post partum. Eleven years post partum, 385 women (53% of eligible/47% of original cohort) attended, age was 42.0 years (4.8) and BMI 27.1 kg/m2 (5.1). We have data for 783 children at birth, and for 586 at last time point, mean age 8.6 (0.5) years, weight 30.7 (6.8) kg and length 133.9 (6.3) cm. Findings to date We collected questionnaire data from parents, clinical measurements and blood samples from mothers, and data on children’s growth (mid-pregnancy to 8 years). Our biobank includes maternal blood and urine samples, biopsy material from placentas and umbilical venous cord blood. We found several clinically important differences in maternal health, with higher risk in ethnic minority groups for GDM, insulin resistance, vitamin D and iron deficiency, depressive symptoms and physical inactivity. Contrasting patterns of fetal growth and risk of overweight/thinness at preschool age were observed across ethnic groups. Maternal GDM, obesity and high gestational weight gain were associated with children’s BMI trajectories. Future plans We will examine the impact of maternal and fetal health and development during pregnancy on long-term outcomes for mothers and offspring. © Author(s)(or their employer(s)) 2023.
Paediatric survivors beyond infancy with Stüve-Wiedemann syndrome – A case series from the West Midlands, UK; Stüve-Wiedemann Syndrome (STWS) is an autosomal recessive condition caused by variants in the LIFR gene, presenting with respiratory failure, hyperthermia and skeletal dysplasia in the neonatal period. Historically identified as a lethal condition, more children are now managed holistically from early in life with multidisciplinary team involvement with improved outcomes. This stems from early diagnosis, supported by molecular testing in the pre and postnatal periods. This report includes five such cases with survival in childhood to 10 years old in the UK affected by skeletal abnormalities, hyperthermia, respiratory distress and their diagnostic odyssey. All cases have a molecular diagnosis; two patients (family 1) were found to be homozygous for a novel pathogenic LIFR variant NM_002310.5:c.704G > A, p.(Trp235Ter). One patient (family 2) is compound heterozygous with the previously reported LIFR variant NM_002310.5:c.756dup p.(Lys253Ter), and a second novel variant NM_002310.5:c.397+5G > A. Two patients (family 3) are homozygous for one of the same LIFR variants NM_002310.5:c.756dup p.(Lys253Ter) as in family 2. This report discusses genotypic and phenotypic data for five patients with STWS, as well as the need for multi-disciplinary, proactive management and genetic counselling. © 2023 Elsevier Masson SAS
(Over‑)Nutrition and its impact on placenta function: Changes in maternal–fetal exchange in obesity and gestational diabetes; An adequate exchange of nutrients via the placenta is of particular importance for optimal growth of an unborn fetus. Therefore, pregnancy represents a highly sensitive time frame where an inadequate or unbalanced diet together with overweight/obesity or related metabolic conditions such as gestational diabetes can impact infant health for life. Of particular importance is the placenta as the first fetal–maternal contact organ. Both nutrient availability and placental nutrient transporters are characterized by the obesogenic/diabetic phenotype of the mother and impact fetal development. Disturbed fetal programming of organ function and metabolic processes will increase the risk for later development of chronic diseases such as obesity, type 2 diabetes or cardiovascular disease. In this review, current dietary guidelines during pregnancy, function and nutrient transport in the placenta, fetal–maternal exchange, and aspects involving placental immunological pathways are presented with a particular focus on changes induced by obesity and/or gestational diabetes. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Medizin Verlag GmbH, ein Teil von Springer Nature.
LncRNA HCG27 Promotes Glucose Uptake Ability of HUVECs by MiR-378a-3p/MAPK1 Pathway; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disorder during pregnancy. LncRNA HLA complex group 27 (HCG27) plays a crucial role in various metabolic diseases. However, the relationship between lncRNA HCG27 and GDM is not clear. This study aimed to verify a competing endogenous RNA (ceRNA) interaction regulation axis of miR-378a-3p/mitogen-activated protein kinase 1 (MAPK1) regulated by HCG27 in GDM. Methods: LncRNA HCG27 and miR-378a-3p were detected by RT-qPCR. The expression of MAPK1 in umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) was detected by RT-qPCR and that in the placenta by Western blotting. To explore the relationship among lncRNA HCG27, miR-378a-3p, MAPK1 and the glucose uptake ability of HUVECs, vector HCG27, si-HCG27, miR-378a-3p mimic and inhibitor were transfected to achieve overexpression and inhibition of HCG27 or miR-378a-3p. The interaction between miR-378a-3p and lncRNA HCG27 or MAPK1 was confirmed by the dual-luciferase reporter assay. Besides, glucose consumption by HUVECs was detected by the glucose assay kit. Results: HCG27 expression was significantly decreased in both the placenta and primary umbilical vein endothelial cells, while the expression of miR-378a-3p was significantly increased in GDM tissues, and the expression of MAPK1 was decreased in GDM tissues. This ceRNA interaction regulation axis was proved to affect the glucose uptake function of HUVECs. The transfection of si-HCG27 could significantly reduce the expression of the MAPK1 protein. If the MAPK1 overexpression plasmid was transfected simultaneously with si-HCG27 transfection, the reduced glucose uptake in HUVECs resulting from the decrease in lncRNA HCG27 was reversed. MiR-378a-3p mimic can significantly reduce the mRNA expression of MAPK1 in HUVECs, whereas miR-378a-3p inhibitor can significantly increase the mRNA expression of MAPK1. The inhibition of miR-378a-3p could restore the decreased glucose uptake of HUVECs treated with si-HCG27. Besides, overexpression of lncRNA HCG27 could restore the glucose uptake ability of the palmitic acid-induced insulin resistance model of HUVECs to normal. Conclusion: LncRNA HCG27 promotes glucose uptake of HUVECs by miR-378a-3p/MAPK1 pathway, which may provide potential therapeutic targets for GDM. Besides, the fetal umbilical cord blood and umbilical vein endothelial cells collected from pregnant women with GDM after delivery could be used to detect the presence of adverse molecular markers of metabolic memory, so as to provide guidance for predicting the risk of cardiovascular diseases and health screening of offspring. © 2023, Huazhong University of Science and Technology.
Pathophysiological Insight into Fatty Acid-Binding Protein-4: Multifaced Roles in Reproduction, Pregnancy, and Offspring Health; Fatty acid-binding protein-4 (FABP4), commonly known as adipocyte-fatty acid-binding protein (A-FABP), is a pleiotropic adipokine that broadly affects immunity and metabolism. It has been increasingly recognized that FABP4 dysfunction is associated with various metabolic syndromes, including obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and metabolic inflammation. However, its explicit roles within the context of women’s reproduction and pregnancy remain to be investigated. In this review, we collate recent studies probing the influence of FABP4 on female reproduction, pregnancy, and even fetal health. Elevated circulating FABP4 levels have been found to correlate with impaired reproductive function in women, such as polycystic ovary syndrome and endometriosis. Throughout pregnancy, FABP4 affects maternal–fetal interface homeostasis by affecting both glycolipid metabolism and immune tolerance, leading to adverse pregnancy outcomes, including miscarriage, gestational obesity, gestational diabetes, and preeclampsia. Moreover, maternal FABP4 levels exhibit a substantial linkage with the metabolic health of offspring. Herein, we discuss the emerging significance and potential application of FABP4 in reproduction and pregnancy health and delve into its underlying mechanism at molecular levels. © 2023 by the authors.
Severe pre-eclampsia as a rare cause of profound hyponatraemia; Profound hyponatraemia, defined as sodium <125 mmol/L, is a very rare complication of pre-eclampsia (PET) with a relative paucity of cases reported. Pre-eclampsia is a multisystem disorder with a maternal mortality of up to 20%. Hyponatraemia is associated with disease severity, twin pregnancy, advanced maternal age, in vitro fertilisation and HELLP (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets). The authors present the case of a low-risk nulliparous woman presenting with frontal headache and normal BP at 31 +2 weeks gestation. Laboratory investigations confirmed a sodium of 123 mmol/L. Her urine protein creatinine ratio was 322 mg/mmol. She developed PET (BP 171/100 mm Hg) refractory to pharmacological management. She underwent an emergency lower segment caesarean section and was delivered of a live neonate. The maternal serum sodium normalised within 24 hours. Hyponatraemia should be regarded as a marker of severity in the setting of pre-eclampsia and may be an indication for an expedited delivery. Prompt management is required to prevent convulsions, maternal mortality and adverse fetal outcomes.  © BMJ Publishing Group Limited 2023. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Pre-Eclampsia: From Etiology and Molecular Mechanisms to Clinical Tools—A Review of the Literature; Pre-eclampsia is a severe pregnancy-related complication that manifests as a syndrome with multisystem involvement and damage. It has significantly grown in frequency during the past 30 years and could be considered as one of the major causes of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. However, the specific etiology and molecular mechanisms of pre-eclampsia are still poorly known and could have a variety of causes, such as altered angiogenesis, inflammations, maternal infections, obesity, metabolic disorders, gestational diabetes, and autoimmune diseases. Perhaps the most promising area under investigation is the imbalance of maternal angiogenic factors and its effects on vascular function, though studies in placental oxidative stress and maternal immune response have demonstrated intriguing findings. However, to determine the relative importance of each cause and the impact of actions aiming to significantly reduce the incidence of this illness, more research is needed. Moreover, it is necessary to better understand the etiologies of each subtype of pre-eclampsia as well as the pathophysiology of other major obstetrical syndromes to identify a clinical tool able to recognize patients at risk of pre-eclampsia early. © 2023 by the authors.
Body Mass Index, Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes, and Cardiovascular Disease Risk; BACKGROUND: Obesity is a well-established risk factor for both adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, it is not known whether APOs are mediators or markers of the obesity-CVD relationship. This study examined the association between body mass index, APOs, and postpartum CVD risk factors. METHODS: The sample included adults from the nuMoM2b (Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-To-Be) Heart Health Study who were enrolled in their first trimester (6 weeks-13 weeks 6 days gestation) from 8 United States sites. Participants had a follow-up visit at 3.7 years postpartum. APOs, which included hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, small-for-gestational-age birth, and gestational diabetes, were centrally adjudicated. Mediation analyses estimated the association between early pregnancy body mass index and postpartum CVD risk factors (hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes) and the proportion mediated by each APO adjusted for demographics and baseline health behaviors, psychosocial stressors, and CVD risk factor levels. RESULTS: Among 4216 participants enrolled, mean±SD maternal age was 27±6 years. Early pregnancy prevalence of overweight was 25%, and obesity was 22%. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy occurred in 15%, preterm birth in 8%, small-for-gestational-age birth in 11%, and gestational diabetes in 4%. Early pregnancy obesity, compared with normal body mass index, was associated with significantly higher incidence of postpartum hypertension (adjusted odds ratio, 1.14 [95% CI, 1.10-1.18]), hyperlipidemia (1.11 [95% CI, 1.08-1.14]), and diabetes (1.03 [95% CI, 1.01-1.04]) even after adjustment for baseline CVD risk factor levels. APOs were associated with higher incidence of postpartum hypertension (1.97 [95% CI, 1.61-2.40]) and hyperlipidemia (1.31 [95% CI, 1.03-1.67]). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy mediated a small proportion of the association between obesity and incident hypertension (13% [11%-15%]) and did not mediate associations with incident hyperlipidemia or diabetes. There was no significant mediation by preterm birth or small-for-gestational-age birth. CONCLUSIONS: There was heterogeneity across APO subtypes in their association with postpartum CVD risk factors and mediation of the association between early pregnancy obesity and postpartum CVD risk factors. However, only a small or nonsignificant proportion of the association between obesity and CVD risk factors was mediated by any of the APOs, suggesting APOs are a marker of prepregnancy CVD risk and not a predominant cause of postpartum CVD risk.  © 2023 American Heart Association, Inc.
Maternal and perinatal outcomes of pregnant patients with colorectal cancer: a population-based study; Purpose: This study aimed to investigate the maternal and perinatal outcomes of pregnant patients with CRC using a large population-based database. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted using the Nationwide Inpatient Sample (NIS) from 2009 to 2019. Pregnant patients with and without CRC were compared for demographic characteristics, comorbidities, maternal and perinatal outcomes, and hospital burden. Results: The study included 306 pregnancies with CRC and 40,887,353 pregnancies without CRC. Pregnant patients with CRC were older and more likely to be White. A significant association was observed between CRC and a history of inflammatory bowel disease or a family history of gastrointestinal cancer. Pregnant patients with CRC had higher odds of maternal death (AOR 260.99, 95% CI 33.36–2041.64), cardiac arrhythmia (AOR 13.73, 95% CI 4.21–44.76), acute kidney injury (AOR 32.6, 95% CI 5.29–200.77), severe sepsis (AOR 163.98, 95% CI 22.05–1219.65), and respiratory failure (AOR 31.67, 95% CI 4.11–243.98). Furthermore, the CRC group experienced higher odds of cesarean section (AOR 1.78, 95% CI 1.05–3.03), preterm birth (AOR 4.16, 95% CI 2.05–8.47), and intrauterine death (AOR 13.18, 95% CI 3.33–52.16). Distinct differences in maternal and perinatal outcomes were observed based on the location of CRC. Pregnant patients with CRC faced higher hospital charges and had longer hospital stays during delivery hospitalization compared to those without CRC. Conclusion: Pregnant patients with CRC are at increased risk for adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes, emphasizing the importance of early detection, timely intervention, and comprehensive management during pregnancy. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Fetal Cardiac Hemodynamic and Sonographic Anomalies in Maternal COVID-19 Infection Depending on Vaccination Status—Polish Multicenter Cohort Study; Most obstetrical studies have focused on maternal response to the SARS-CoV-2 virus but much less is known about the effect of COVID-19 on fetal physiology. We aimed to evaluate the effect of the maternal SARS-CoV-2 infection on the fetal homeostasis with the use of detailed ultrasonography and echocardiography and consideration of the effect of vaccination. This was a multi-center study of fetuses who had prenatal detailed ultrasound and echocardiographic examinations performed by fetal cardiology specialists. The subjects were divided based on the COVID vaccination status (vaccinated women who did not have COVID-group V, unvaccinated women who had COVID-group UV, and unvaccinated women who did not have COVID-control group). We evaluated the ultrasound and echocardiography results obtained. The study group included 237 gravidas from four prenatal cardiology centers. In the group of fetuses with normal heart anatomy, normal cardiovascular function had 147 (81%) fetuses and functional cardiovascular anomalies were present in 35 (19%) cases. Functional cardiovascular anomalies were present in 11 (16%) fetuses in the V group, 19 (47%) fetuses in the UV group and 5 (8%) fetuses in the control group (p < 0.01). There were 56 (24%) fetuses with extracardiac anomalies. Extracardiac anomalies were present in 20 (22%) fetuses in the V group, 22 (45%) fetuses of the UV group and in 14 (14%) fetuses in the control group (p < 0.01). Our study has proved that maternal COVID-19 infection can affect the fetal physiology and mild cardiac and extracardiac markers detected by fetal ultrasonography and echocardiography. Moreover, maternal vaccination results in lower occurrence of these findings in fetuses. © 2023 by the authors.
Maternal diabetes increases FOXO1 activation during embryonic cardiac development; Maternal diabetes is known to affect heart development, inducing the programming of cardiac alterations in the offspring's adult life. Previous studies in the heart of adult offspring have shown increased activation of FOXO1 (a transcription factor involved in a wide variety of cellular functions such as apoptosis, cellular proliferation, reactive oxygen species detoxification, and antioxidant and pro-inflammatory processes) and of target genes related to inflammatory and fibrotic processes. In this work, we aimed to evaluate the effects of maternal diabetes on FOXO1 activation as well as on the expression of target genes relevant to the formation of the cardiovascular system during organogenesis (day 12 of gestation). The embryonic heart from diabetic rats showed increased active FOXO1 levels, reduced protein levels of mTOR (a nutrient sensor regulating cell growth, proliferation and metabolism) and reduced mTORC2-SGK1 pathway, which phosphorylates FOXO1. These alterations were related to increases in the levels of 4-hydroxynonenal (an oxidative stress marker) and increased mRNA levels of inducible nitric oxide synthase, angiopoietin-2 and matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP2) (all FOXO1 target genes relevant for cardiac development). Results also showed increased extracellular and intracellular immunolocalization of MMP2 in the myocardium and its projection into the lumen of the cavity (trabeculations) together with decreased immunostaining of connexin 43, a protein relevant for cardiac function that is target of MMP2. In conclusion, increases in active FOXO1 induced by maternal diabetes initiate early during embryonic heart development and are related to increases in markers of oxidative stress and of proinflammatory cardiac development, as well to an altered expression of proteolytic enzymes that regulate connexin 43. These alterations may lead to an altered programming of cardiovascular development in the embryonic heart of diabetic rats. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Overview of pregnancy in solid-organ transplantation; Purpose of reviewPregnancy in solid organ transplantation (SOT) is a very complex part of transplant medicine wherein there is scarce information available in the literature. Solid organ transplant recipients often have comorbidities, such as hypertension and diabetes, which add additional risk to a pregnancy.Recent findingsWe present this review article on the various aspects of different types of immunosuppressant medications used in pregnancy with added inputs on contraception and fertility after transplant. We described the antepartum and postpartum considerations and discussed the adverse effects of the immunosuppressive medications. Maternal and fetal complications of each SOT have been also discussed in this article.SummaryThis article will serve as the primary review articles for the use of immunosuppressive medications during pregnancy with consideration during pregnancy after SOT. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Reproductive risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death for women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and low birth weight - affecting up to 30% of pregnant women - increase the risk of CVD. Early menarche and polycystic ovary syndrome are implicated. Premature and early menopause and significant vasomotor symptoms are all associated. Including reproductive risk assessment is critical when determining CVD risk and implementing evidence-based prevention strategies.  © 2023 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Intracranial hemorrhages in infants of diabetic mothers: A national cohort study; Objective: To assess the association of maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) with intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH) and other intracranial hemorrhages (ICH) in newborns. Study design: We analyzed the National Inpatient Sample dataset and compared prevalence of IVH and other subtypes of ICH in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) vs. those born to mothers without DM. Regression models were used to control for demographic and clinical confounding variables. Result: A total of 11,318,691 infants were included. Compared to controls, IDMs had increased prevalence of IVH (aOR = 1.18, CI: 1.12–1.23, p < 0.001) and other ICH (aOR = 1.18, CI: 1.07–1.31, p = 0.001). Severe IVH (grades 3 & 4) was encountered less frequently in IDMs (aOR = 0.75, CI: 0.66–0.85, p < 0.001) than controls. Gestational DM was not associated with increased IVH after controlling for the demographic, clinical and perinatal confounders in the logistic regression model (aOR = 1.04, CI: 0.98–1.11, p = 0.22). Conclusion: Chronic maternal DM is associated with increased neonatal IVH and other ICH but not severe IVH. This association needs to be confirmed in further studies. © 2023
Root causes of long-term complications of gestational diabetes mellitus: Metabolic disturbances of the host and gut microbiota; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses a risk of short-term and long-term complications for both mother and fetus. However, there is a lack of consensus on the screening approach and pathophysiology of GDM. Methods: Women were screened at 24 to 28 weeks gestation using the one-step screening approach and serum samples were collected for metabolomics based on 1H NMR spectroscopy. A random forest classifier was developed to evaluate its diagnostic efficacy on GDM. Results: Serum metabolic fingerprints of women with GDM differed significantly from those with normoglycemic. Of the 59 differential metabolites identified, 25 were well-known risk metabolites associated with type 2 diabetes or cardiovascular diseases, such as branched-chain amino acids and trimethylamine N-oxide. In addition, most of the differential metabolites were microbial metabolites or could be metabolized by gut microbes. The correlation between serum metabolites and maternal 75 g OGTT glucose values supported the establishment of a random forest classifier, which selected 21 metabolites to predict GDM with an AUC of 0.988. Conclusions: Metabolic disturbances in the host and gut microbiota may be a persistent contributor to the risk of developing type 2 diabetes or cardiovascular diseases in GDM. Targeting microbiota is one intervention that needs to be considered. © 2023 The Authors
A Relation between Obstructive Sleep Apnea in Pregnancy and Delivering Small for Gestational Age Infant—A Systematic Review; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) during pregnancy can negatively affect both the mother and the baby. Our main goal is to show whether there is an association between OSA during pregnancy and delivering small for gestational age (SGA) infants. This systematic review was conducted according to the PRISMA 2020 statement using three databases: MEDLINE via PubMed, Scopus, and Cochrane Library. All databases were last accessed on 1 June 2023. The implemented systematic literature search identified 744 articles. After excluding reviews, meta-analyses, book chapters, case reports, and letters, 47 studies were analyzed, 18 of which finally met the inclusion criteria. The included studies mainly indicate that OSA during pregnancy may not significantly impact SGA, but some of them have shown the existence of this relation. Nevertheless, it is recommended that all pregnant women should be screened for symptoms of OSA and that sleep tests should be performed on those who show signs of it. Detecting and treating OSA early in pregnancy can help reduce the condition’s negative effects. However, more extensive studies are still needed to gather clear evidence on the impact of an OSA diagnosis on mothers and babies. © 2023 by the authors.
Guidelines and Recommendations for Laboratory Analysis in the Diagnosis and Management of Diabetes Mellitus; BACKGROUND: Numerous laboratory tests are used in the diagnosis and management of diabetes mellitus. The quality of the scientific evidence supporting the use of these assays varies substantially. APPROACH: An expert committee compiled evidence-based recommendations for laboratory analysis in screening, diagnosis, or monitoring of diabetes. The overall quality of the evidence and the strength of the recommendations were evaluated. The draft consensus recommendations were evaluated by invited reviewers and presented for public comment. Suggestions were incorporated as deemed appropriate by the authors (see Acknowledgments). The guidelines were reviewed by the Evidence Based Laboratory Medicine Committee and the Board of Directors of the American Association of Clinical Chemistry and by the Professional Practice Committee of the American Diabetes Association. CONTENT: Diabetes can be diagnosed by demonstrating increased concentrations of glucose in venous plasma or increased hemoglobin A1c (Hb A1c) in the blood. Glycemic control is monitored by the people with diabetes measuring their own blood glucose with meters and/or with continuous interstitial glucose monitoring (CGM) devices and also by laboratory analysis of Hb A1c. The potential roles of noninvasive glucose monitoring, genetic testing, and measurement of ketones, autoantibodies, urine albumin, insulin, proinsulin, and C-peptide are addressed. SUMMARY: The guidelines provide specific recommendations based on published data or derived from expert consensus. Several analytes are found to have minimal clinical value at the present time, and measurement of them is not recommended. © 2023 Oxford University Press. All rights reserved.
Role of impedance plethysmography in detecting dysautonomia and vascular changes in the dysglycemic milieu of gestational diabetes - A case-Control study; Introduction: Gestational diabetes, which is defined as any degree of glucose intolerance first seen during pregnancy, is increasing in prevalence in India. Gestational diabetes and Type 2 diabetes share the common pathophysiological factor of insulin resistance; mothers with gestational diabetes are more prone to developing Type 2 diabetes. The hyperglycemia and metabolic abnormalities in Type 2 diabetes are associated with microvascular complications such as, retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy, including autonomic neuropathy. Autonomic neuropathy, especially cardiac autonomic neuropathy because of diabetes, is an important cause of mortality and morbidity. Impedance Plethysmography (IPG) is based on the principle that the volume of the arterial and venous pulses can be derived from the electric properties of blood. The peripheral pulse thus analysed shows morphological patterns that are specific for different diseases. Although various morphological patterns have been mapped with different diseases, the waveform of gestational diabetes has not yet been explored. Hence, this study aimed to find whether gestational diabetes affected peripheral blood flow in a way that could be detected by IPG, resulting in a specific waveform pattern. Additionally, as previous research on the effect of gestational diabetes on the autonomic nervous system shows conflicting results, this study aimed to determine whether gestational diabetes is associated with autonomic dysfunction that can be detected by IPG. Materials and Methods: This was is a case-control study conducted on 98 antenatal mothers. The IPG patterns of 50 mothers with gestational diabetes were compared with demographic, clinical data, and IPG waveforms of 48 age-matched controls. Results: We found that the heart rate variability, an indicator of autonomic nervous system function, was impaired in mothers with gestational diabetes. We did not find that gestational diabetes was associated with a specific waveform on IPG. Conclusion: Gestational diabetes is associated with autonomic dysfunction in the form of impaired heart rate variability that can be detected by IPG. © 2023 Journal of Cancer Research and Practice | Published by Wolters Kluwer - Medknow.
2023 Clinical Practice Guidelines for Diabetes Mellitus of the Korean Diabetes Association; In May 2023, the Committee of Clinical Practice Guidelines of the Korean Diabetes Association published the revised clinical practice guidelines for Korean adults with diabetes and prediabetes. We incorporated the latest clinical research findings through a comprehensive systematic literature review and applied them in a manner suitable for the Korean population. These guidelines are designed for all healthcare providers nationwide, including physicians, diabetes experts, and certified diabetes educators who manage patients with diabetes or individuals at risk of developing diabetes. Based on recent changes in international guidelines and the results of a Korean epidemiological study, the recommended age for diabetes screening has been lowered. In collaboration with the relevant Korean medical societies, recently revised guidelines for managing hypertension and dyslipidemia in patients with diabetes have been incorporated into this guideline. An abridgment containing practical information on patient education and systematic management in the clinic was published separately. Copyright © 2023 Korean Diabetes Association.
Previous pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of cardiovascular disease: A nested case–control study in Sweden; Objective: Pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are two common pregnancy complications that affect birth outcomes and are associated with a long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The aims of this study were to investigate if the pre-eclampsia association with CVD is independent of GDM and modified by body mass index (BMI) or GDM. Design: Case–control study. Setting: Sweden. Population: Cases were women with a first CVD event between 1991 and 2008 and a previous pregnancy who were matched with controls without CVD (1:5) by year of birth, age and region of birth. Methods: Conditional logistic regression was used to evaluate the associations of GDM, pre-eclampsia and maternal BMI with CVD adjusted for potential confounders and effect modifications with interaction tests. Main outcome measures: CVD. Results: There were 2639 cases and 13 310 controls with complete data. Pre-eclampsia and GDM were independent risk factors for CVD (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.59, 95% CI 2.12–3.17 and aOR 1.47, 95% CI 1.04–2.09, respectively). After stratifying by maternal BMI, the adjusted association of pre-eclampsia with CVD did not differ notably between BMI groups: normal weight (aOR 2.65, 95% CI 1.90–3.69), overweight (aOR 2.67, 95% CI 1.52–4.68) and obesity (aOR 3.03, 95% CI 0.74–12.4). Similar findings were seen when stratifying on GDM/non-GDM. Conclusions: Pre-eclampsia and GDM are independent risk factors for later CVD and having both during pregnancy is a major risk factor for later CVD. The association between pre-eclampsia and CVD is not modified by BMI. Effective CVD preventive programs for high-risk women are urgently needed in order to improve women's long-term health. © 2023 The Authors. BJOG: An International Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Postpartum haemorrhage occurring in UK midwifery units: A national population-based case-control study to investigate incidence, risk factors and outcomes; Objectives To estimate the incidence of, and investigate risk factors for, postpartum haemorrhage (PPH) requiring transfer to obstetric care following birth in midwifery units (MU) in the UK; to describe outcomes for women who experience PPH requiring transfer to obstetric care. Methods We conducted a national population-based case-control study in all MUs in the UK using the UK Midwifery Study System (UKMidSS). Between September 2019 and February 2020, 1501 women with PPH requiring transfer to obstetric care following birth in an MU, and 1475 control women were identified. We used multivariable logistic regression, generating adjusted odds ratios (aORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) to investigate risk factors for PPH requiring transfer to obstetric care. Results The incidence of PPH requiring transfer to obstetric care following birth in an MU was 3.7% (95% CI 3.6%-3.9%). Factors independently associated with PPH requiring transfer to obstetric care were smoking during pregnancy (aOR = 0.73; 95% CI 0.56–0.94), nulliparity (aOR = 1.96; 95% CI 1.66–2.30), previous PPH (aOR = 2.67; 95% CI 1.67–4.25), complications in a previous pregnancy other than PPH (aOR = 2.40; 95% CI 1.25–4.60), gestational age ≥41 weeks (aOR = 1.36; 95% CI 1.10–1.69), instrumental birth (aOR = 2.69; 95% CI 1.53–4.72), third stage of labour ≥60 minutes (aOR = 5.56; 95% CI 3.93–7.88), perineal trauma (aOR = 4.67; 95% CI 3.16–6.90), and birthweight 3500-3999g (aOR = 1.71; 95% CI 1.42–2.07) or ≥4000g (aOR = 2.31; 95% CI 1.78–3.00). One in ten (10.6%) cases received a blood transfusion and one in five (21.0%) were admitted to higher level care. Conclusions The risk factors identified in this study align with those identified in previous research and with current guidelines for women planning birth in an MU in the UK. Maternal outcomes after PPH were broadly reassuring and indicative of appropriate management. NHS organisations should ensure that robust guidelines are in place to support management of PPH in MUs. Copyright: © 2023 Elkington et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License,
Gender-Related Factors in Medication Adherence for Metabolic and Cardiovascular Health; This review explores the impact of gender on medication adherence in the context of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. Optimal adherence to medication is crucial for achieving treatment goals and preventing adverse outcomes in chronic diseases. The review examines specific conditions such as type 2 diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, arterial hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, and heart failure. In type 2 diabetes, female sex, younger age, new drug prescription, non-white ethnicity, low education level, and low income were identified as predictors of non-adherence. Depressive disorders were also found to influence adherence. In hypercholesterolemia, women exhibited poorer adherence to statin therapy compared to men, with statin-related side effects and patient perception being significant factors. Adherence to anti-hypertensive therapy showed conflicting results, with studies reporting both higher and lower adherence in women. Limited evidence suggests that women may have poorer adherence after acute myocardial infarction and stroke. Regarding heart failure, adherence studies have shown inconsistent findings. The reasons for gender differences in medication adherence are multifactorial and include sociodemographic, disease-related, treatment-related, and psychological factors. This review emphasizes the need for further research to better understand these differences and develop gender-customized interventions that can improve medication adherence and reduce the burden of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. © 2023 by the authors.
Inflammation and Oxidative Stress Induced by Obesity, Gestational Diabetes, and Preeclampsia in Pregnancy: Role of High-Density Lipoproteins as Vectors for Bioactive Compounds; Inflammation and oxidative stress are essential components in a myriad of pathogenic entities that lead to metabolic and chronic diseases. Moreover, inflammation in its different phases is necessary for the initiation and maintenance of a healthy pregnancy. Therefore, an equilibrium between a necessary/pathologic level of inflammation and oxidative stress during pregnancy is needed to avoid disease development. High-density lipoproteins (HDL) are important for a healthy pregnancy and a good neonatal outcome. Their role in fetal development during challenging situations is vital for maintaining the equilibrium. However, in certain conditions, such as obesity, diabetes, and other cardiovascular diseases, it has been observed that HDL loses its protective properties, becoming dysfunctional. Bioactive compounds have been widely studied as mediators of inflammation and oxidative stress in different diseases, but their mechanisms of action are still unknown. Nonetheless, these agents, which are obtained from functional foods, increase the concentration of HDL, TRC, and antioxidant activity. Therefore, this review first summarizes several mechanisms of HDL participation in the equilibrium between inflammation and oxidative stress. Second, it gives an insight into how HDL may act as a vector for bioactive compounds. Third, it describes the relationships between the inflammation process in pregnancy and HDL activity. Consequently, different databases were used, including MEDLINE, PubMed, and Scopus, where scientific articles published in the English language up to 2023 were identified. © 2023 by the authors.
Prevalence, risk factors and predictors of severity of neonatal thrombocytopenia in neonatal intensive care Units: a single center study; BacKGrOUnd: thrombocytopenia is a common hematological disorder seen in the neonatal period, especially in newborns admitted to the neonatal intensive care Unit (nicU). the clinical and laboratorial presentation is heterogeneous, with different underlying causes and risk factors. there are still few studies about some possible risk factors and their influence on the newborn’s clinical outcome. The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence, risk factors and predictors of severity of thrombocytopenia in a level iii nicU. MetHOds: the present analysis was the retrospective study of newborns with thrombocytopenia (platelet count less than 150×109/L) admitted from January 1, 2008, to december 31, 2017. Patients included newborns admitted after the first 72 hours of life and those with thrombocytopenia related to surgical intervention were excluded. resULts: Out of 187 neonates with thrombocytopenia, a total of 134 neonates were included in the study, corresponding to a prevalence of 3.3%. One hundred fourteen (85%) neonates had an early onset presentation (eOt), and 20 (15%) neonates had a late onset presentation (LOt); 68 (50.7%) neonates had severe and 66 (49.3%) had non-severe thrombocytopenia. Sepsis was identified as an independent predictor of LOT. Sepsis by gram-negative bacteria was identified as an independent predictor for severe thrombocytopenia. CONCLUSIONS: Identification of risk factors, early diagnosis and treatment of the underlying causes are crucial for a better approach of neonatal thrombocytopenia. a strong association between sepsis and sepsis by gram-negative bacteria with LOt and severe thrombocytopenia, respectively, enhances the importance of nosocomial sepsis control in nicU. © 2019 ediZiOni Minerva Medica.
Obesity and Dyslipidemia: A Review of Current Evidence; Purpose of Review: Obesity is accompanied by atherogenic dyslipidemia, a specific lipid disorder characterized by both quantitative and qualitative changes of plasma lipoproteins. The main alterations in the lipid profile include hypertriglyceridemia, reduced high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol level, and elevated small dense low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particles. Epidemiological data show that obesity is more common in women and is a frequent risk factor for reproductive disorders, metabolic complications in pregnancy, and cardiometabolic disease later in life. The aim of this narrative review is to discuss recent advances in the research of dyslipidemia in obesity, with an emphasis on female-specific disorders and cardiometabolic risk. Recent Findings: The focus of current research on dyslipidemia in obesity is moving toward structurally and functionally modified plasma lipoproteins. Special attention is paid to the pro-atherogenic role of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins and their remnants. Introduction of advanced analytical techniques enabled identification of novel lipid biomarkers with potential clinical applications. In particular, proteomic and lipidomic studies have provided significant progress in the comprehensive research of HDL’s alterations in obesity. Obesity-related dyslipidemia is a widespread metabolic disturbance in polycystic ovary syndrome patients and high-risk pregnancies, but is seldom evaluated with respect to its impact on future cardiometabolic health. Summary: Obesity and associated cardiometabolic diseases require a more depth insight into the quality of lipoprotein particles. Further application of omics-based techniques would enable a more comprehensive evaluation of dyslipidemia in order to reduce an excessive cardiovascular risk attributable to increased body weight. However, more studies on obesity-related female reproductive disorders are needed for this approach to be adopted in daily clinical practice. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Towards Novel Nutritional Strategies in Gestational Diabetes: Eating Behaviour and Obesity in Women with Gestational Diabetes Compared with Non-Pregnant Adults; Background: Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Effective nutritional strategies are needed to reduce BMI and improve long-term maternal cardiometabolic health, but the relative contribution of maternal eating behaviour, a potential barrier to dietary change, has not been explored. We compared eating behaviour in women with gestational diabetes with that of men and non-pregnant women with comparable risk factors, and tested associations between eating behaviour traits and BMI in women with gestational diabetes. We hypothesized that eating behaviour would be unfavourable in gestational diabetes and would be associated with BMI. Methods: Participants (n = 417) including 53 men, 164 non-pregnant women and 200 women with gestational diabetes (singleton pregnancy; 29 weeks’ gestation) were recruited into three prospective studies assessing weight loss interventions, with similar entry criteria. The three-factor eating questionnaire (TFEQ-R18) assessed uncontrolled eating, emotional eating and cognitive restraint at study enrolment. Associations between BMI at study enrolment and TFEQ-R18 (% maximum score) were assessed using linear regression. Results: Women with gestational diabetes had significantly lower uncontrolled eating scores vs. men (53% vs. 65%; p < 0.001) and non-pregnant women (53% vs. 66%; p < 0.001), lower emotional eating scores vs. non-pregnant women (60% vs. 71%; p < 0.001) and higher cognitive restraint (p < 0.001 vs. men and non-pregnant women). In women with gestational diabetes, emotional eating scores were positively associated with BMI at study enrolment (beta coefficient 7.8 (95% CI 3.9 to 11.7), p < 0.001). Conclusions: Women with gestational diabetes have favourable eating behaviour compared with other population groups. Because BMI at study enrolment was associated with emotional eating, nutritional strategies which reduce emotional eating may provide new opportunities to improve long-term maternal health after gestational diabetes. © 2023 by the authors.
Deep Medullary Vein Thrombosis in Newborns: A Systematic Literature Review; Background: Deep medullary vein (DMV) thrombosis is a rare cause of brain damage in both preterm and full-term neonates. In this study, we aimed to collect data on clinical and radiological presentation, treatment, and outcome of neonatal DMV thrombosis. Methods: Systematic literature review on neonatal DMV thrombosis was carried out in PubMed, ClinicalTrial.gov, Scopus, and Web of Science up to December 2022. Results: Seventy-five published cases of DMV thrombosis were identified and analysed (preterm newborns were 46%). Neonatal distress, respiratory resuscitation, or need for inotropes were present in 34/75 (45%) of patients. Signs and symptoms at presentation included seizures (38/75, 48%), apnoea (27/75, 36%), lethargy or irritability (26/75, 35%). At magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), fan-shaped linear T2 hypointense lesions were documented in all cases. All had ischaemic injuries, most often involving the frontal (62/74, 84%) and parietal lobes (56/74, 76%). Signs of haemorrhagic infarction were present in 53/54 (98%). Antithrombotic treatment was not mentioned in any of the studies included. Although mortality was low (2/75, 2.6%), a large proportion of patients developed neurological sequelae (intellectual disability in 19/51 [37%] and epilepsy in 9/51 [18%] cases). Conclusions: DMV thrombosis is rarely identified in the literature, even if it is possibly under-recognized or under-reported. Presentation in neonatal age is with seizures and non-specific systemic signs/symptoms that often cause diagnostic delay, despite the pathognomonic MRI picture. The high rate of morbidity, which determines significant social and health costs, requires further in-depth studies aimed at earlier diagnosis and evidence-based prevention and therapeutic strategies. © 2023 S. Karger AG, Basel. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be translated into other languages, reproduced or utilized in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, microcopying, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the publisher.
Pregnancy-associated stroke and the recurrence of stroke and other complications in subsequent pregnancies: Population-based retrospective cohort study; Objective: To examine the outcomes of the subsequent pregnancies from women with a previous pregnancy-associated stroke (PAS) in comparison to matched controls. Design: Population-based retrospective cohort study. Setting and population: All women with a PAS in Finland 1987–2016 (n = 235) and controls (n = 694). Methods: We identified all subsequent deliveries and induced and spontaneous abortions for women with a previous PAS and their matched controls from the Medical Birth Register and the Hospital Discharge Register until 2016. The number, course and outcomes of the subsequent pregnancies were compared. Patient records were studied for PAS recurrence. Main outcome measures: PAS recurrence and pregnancy complications. Results: Women with a previous PAS had fewer subsequent deliveries: 73 (31.1%) women had 122 deliveries in all, whereas 303 (47.3%) of the controls had 442 deliveries (age-adjusted odds ratio [OR] 0.54, 95% CI 0.38–0.76). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (17.2% versus 5.7%, age-adjusted OR 4.0, 95% CI 1.7–9.3), especially chronic hypertension (age-adjusted OR 5.9, 95% CI 1.5–24.7), and any diabetes during pregnancy (24.6% versus 14.5%, age-adjusted OR 2.0, 95% CI 1.1–3.8) were more common in cases. Regarding HDP, the difference between groups was explained by underlying factors such as index pregnancy HDP (multivariable OR 2.4, 95% CI 0.8–6.7). PAS recurred in four cases (5.5%). Conclusions: Subsequent pregnancies of women with a history of PAS are more often complicated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and any diabetes during pregnancy. PAS recurrence risk is considerable. © 2023 The Authors. BJOG: An International Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The Maternal Microbiome and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Cause and Effect; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a growing public health concern that affects many pregnancies globally. The condition is associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes including gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, placental abruption, preterm birth, stillbirth, and fetal growth restriction. In the long-term, mothers and children have an increased risk of developing metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Accumulating evidence suggest that alterations in the maternal microbiome may play a role in the pathogenesis of GDM and adverse pregnancy outcomes. This review describes changes in the maternal microbiome during the physiological adaptations of pregnancy, GDM and adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Findings from this review highlight the importance of understanding the link between the maternal microbiome and GDM. Furthermore, new therapeutic approaches to prevent or better manage GDM are discussed. Further research and clinical trials are necessary to fully realize the therapeutic potential of the maternal microbiome and translate these findings into clinical practice. © 2023 by the authors.
Familial Partial Lipodystrophy: Clinical Features, Genetics and Treatment in a Greek Referral Center; Familial partial lipodystrophy (FPLD) is a rare syndrome in which a patient’s phenotype is not merely dependent on the specific genetic mutation, but it is also defined by a combination of other demographic, environmental and genetic factors. In this prospective observational study in a Greek referral center, we enrolled 39 patients who fulfilled the clinical criteria of FPLD. A genetic analysis was conducted, which included sequence and deletion/duplication analyses of the LMNA and PPRARG genes, along with anthropometric and metabolic parameters. The treatment responses of patients who were eligible for treatment with metreleptin were evaluated at 3 and 12 months. In most of the patients, no significant changes were detected at the exon level, and any mutations that led to changes at the protein level were not associated with the lipodystrophic phenotype. On the contrary, various changes were detected at the intron level, especially in introns 7 and 10, whose clinical significance is considered unknown. In addition, treatment with metreleptin in specific FPLD patients significantly improved glycemic and lipidemic control, an effect which was sustained at the 12-month follow-up. More large-scale studies are necessary to clarify the genetic and allelic heterogeneity of the disease, along with other parameters which could predict treatment response. © 2023 by the authors.
Rare cause of abdominal pain in the third trimester: Uterine torsion; The occurrence of uterine torsion is rare, as the uterus is supported in place by the uterine ligaments. When occurring during pregnancy, it is associated with increased perinatal mortality and maternal morbidity. We report a case of uterine torsion in a 36-week pregnant woman with a history of one previous caesarean section who presented with acute abdominal pain and signs of fetal distress. A 180 degree uterine torsion was recognised during emergency caesarean section with detorsion done prior to delivery and the baby was delivered in good condition. This case highlights the importance of prompt recognition and decision-making in managing this rare obstetric emergency to achieve a successful maternal and foetal outcome. © 2023 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Fetal congenital heart diseases: Diagnosis by anatomical scans, echocardiography and genetic tests; Objective: To determine the distribution of major fetal congenital heart diseases (CHDs) diagnosed antenatally during routine second-trimester obstetric anatomical scans in an unselected population at a single tertiary centre and to characterise and stratify risk factors, genetic diagnosis and long-term health at 4 years old. Method: A single-centre cohort study of all major fetal CHDs detected on routine obstetric fetal anatomical ultrasound scans between January 2014 and December 2017 was performed in an unselected population. Demographic details, fetal echocardiogram reports, genetic test results, delivery outcomes and postnatal progress were stratified by CHD subtype. Results: Of 20,031 screened pregnancies, 109 pregnancies (0.53%) had major fetal CHDs. The most common subtypes were coarctation of aorta (17.4%), transposition of great arteries (16.5%), and tetralogy of Fallot and univentricular hearts (13.8% each). Of the 60.5% that underwent confirmatory genetic testing—mostly conventional karyotyping and testing for 22q11 microdeletion—about a quarter had abnormalities, of which 22q microdeletion was the most common. We had complete obstetric data in 85 pregnancies (78%), of which 76.5% progressed to live birth. Among these, 92.1% of postnatal echocardiograms concurred with antenatal ones. At 4 years old, 43.2% of offspring had no medical or developmental issues, 20.0% had mild medical or developmental issues, 21.5% had major medical or developmental issues, and 12.3% had deceased. Conclusion: Fetal echocardiograms accurately diagnose CHDs. Future studies should evaluate the roles of chromosomal microarray and next-generation sequencing in diagnosing CHD. © 2023, Academy of Medicine Singapore. All rights reserved.
Major trauma in pregnancy: prediction of maternal and perinatal adverse outcomes; BACKGROUND: Trauma, largely the consequence of motor vehicle crashes, is the leading cause of pregnancy-associated maternal mortality. Prediction of adverse outcomes has been difficult in pregnancy given the infrequent occurrence of traumatic events and anatomic considerations unique to pregnancy. The injury severity score, an anatomic scoring system with weighting dependent on severity and anatomic region of injury, is used in the prediction of adverse outcomes in the nonpregnant population but has yet to be validated in pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to estimate the associations between risk factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes after major trauma in pregnancy and to develop a clinical prediction model for adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective analysis of a cohort of pregnant patients who sustained major trauma and who were admitted to 1 of 2 level 1 trauma centers. Three composite adverse pregnancy outcomes were evaluated, namely adverse maternal outcomes and short- and long-term adverse perinatal outcomes, defined as outcomes occurring within the first 72 hours of the traumatic event or encompassing the entire pregnancy. Bivariate analyses were performed to estimate the associations between clinical or trauma-related variables and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Multivariable logistic regression analyses were performed to predict each adverse pregnancy outcome. The predictive performance of each model was estimated using receiver operating characteristic curve analyses. RESULTS: A total of 119 pregnant trauma patients were included, 26.1% of whom met the severe adverse maternal pregnancy outcome criteria, 29.4% of whom met the severe short-term adverse perinatal pregnancy outcome definition, and 51.3% of whom met the severe long-term adverse perinatal pregnancy outcome definition. Injury severity score and gestational age were associated with the composite short-term adverse perinatal pregnancy outcome with an adjusted odds ratio of 1.20 (95% confidence interval, 1.11–1.30). The injury severity score was solely predictive of the adverse maternal and long-term adverse perinatal pregnancy outcomes with odds ratios of 1.65 (95% confidence interval, 1.31–2.09) and 1.14 (95% confidence interval, 1.07–1.23), respectively. An injury severity score ≥8 was the best cutoff for predicting adverse maternal outcomes with 96.8% sensitivity and 92.0% specificity (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve, 0.990±0.006). An injury severity score ≥3 was the best cutoff for the short-term adverse perinatal outcomes, which correlates with a 68.6% sensitivity and 65.1% specificity (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve, 0.755±0.055). An injury severity score ≥2 was the best cutoff for the long-term adverse perinatal outcomes, yielding a 68.3% sensitivity and 72.4% specificity (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve, 0.763±0.042). CONCLUSION: For pregnant trauma patients, an injury severity score of ≥8 was predictive of severe adverse maternal outcomes. Minor trauma in pregnancy, defined in this study as an injury severity score <2, was not associated with maternal or perinatal morbidity or mortality. These data can guide management decisions for pregnant patients who present after trauma. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Charting the Path: Navigating Embryonic Development to Potentially Safeguard against Congenital Heart Defects; Congenital heart diseases (CHDs) are structural or functional defects present at birth due to improper heart development. Current therapeutic approaches to treating severe CHDs are primarily palliative surgical interventions during the peri- or prenatal stages, when the heart has fully developed from faulty embryogenesis. However, earlier interventions during embryonic development have the potential for better outcomes, as demonstrated by fetal cardiac interventions performed in utero, which have shown improved neonatal and prenatal survival rates, as well as reduced lifelong morbidity. Extensive research on heart development has identified key steps, cellular players, and the intricate network of signaling pathways and transcription factors governing cardiogenesis. Additionally, some reports have indicated that certain adverse genetic and environmental conditions leading to heart malformations and embryonic death may be amendable through the activation of alternative mechanisms. This review first highlights key molecular and cellular processes involved in heart development. Subsequently, it explores the potential for future therapeutic strategies, targeting early embryonic stages, to prevent CHDs, through the delivery of biomolecules or exosomes to compensate for faulty cardiogenic mechanisms. Implementing such non-surgical interventions during early gestation may offer a prophylactic approach toward reducing the occurrence and severity of CHDs. © 2023 by the authors.
Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Women With Pregnancy-Related Risk Factors: A Prospective Women’s Heart Clinic Study; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and having a small-for-gestational-age baby are known to substantially increase a woman’s risk of cardiovascular disease. Despite this, evidence for models of care that mitigate cardiovascular disease risk in women with these pregnancy-related conditions is lacking. METHODS AND RESULTS: A 6-month prospective cohort study assessed the effectiveness of a multidisciplinary Women’s Heart Clinic on blood pressure and lipid control in women aged 30 to 55 years with a past pregnancy diagnosis of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, or a small-for-gestational age baby in Melbourne, Australia. The co-primary end points were (1) blood pressure <140/90 mm Hg or <130/80 mm Hg if diabetes and (2) total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio <4.5. The study recruited 156 women with a mean age of 41.0±4.2 years, 3.9±2.9 years from last delivery, 68.6% White, 20.5% South/East Asian, and 80.5% university-educated. The proportion meeting blood pressure target increased (69.2% to 80.5%, P=0.004), with no significant change in lipid targets (80.6% to 83.7%, P=0.182). Systolic blood pressure (−6.9 mm Hg [95% CI, −9.1 to −4.7], P<0.001), body mass index (−0.6 kg/m2 [95% CI, −0.8 to −0.3], P<0.001), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (−4.2 mg/dL [95% CI, −8.2 to −0.2], P=0.042), and total cholesterol (−4.6 mg/dL [95% CI, −9.1 to −0.2] P=0.042) reduced. Heart-healthy lifestyle significantly improved with increased fish/olive oil (36.5% to 51.0%, P=0.012), decreased fast food consumption (33.8% to 11.0%, P<0.001), and increased physical activity (84.0% to 92.9%, P=0.025). CONCLUSIONS: Women at high risk for cardiovascular disease due to past pregnancy-related conditions experienced significant improvements in multiple cardiovascular risk factors after attending a Women’s Heart Clinic, potentially improving long-term cardiovascular disease outcomes. © 2023 The Authors. Published on behalf of the American Heart Association, Inc., by Wiley.
Risks after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Taiwanese Women: A Nationwide Retrospective Cohort Study; Objective: An increasing trend in the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been reported in Taiwan. GDM has been linked to various adverse maternal outcomes over a long period, including cardiovascular disease (CVD) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, evidence implies that the effects of GDM on the mid-term surrogate risk factors for these diseases are limited. Furthermore, data from nationwide cohort studies are limited. The primary aim of this study was to investigate the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), arterial hypertension (aHTN), and hyperlipidemia (HL) through a 5-year follow-up post-delivery of women with GDM in a nationwide cohort study in Taiwan. The second objective was to investigate the risk of developing insulin resistance syndrome (IRS)-related diseases, including CVD, acute myocardial infarction (AMI), peripheral artery occlusive disease (PAOD), non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases (NAFLD), and CKD. Methods: This was a retrospective, population-based nationwide cohort study. The data source comprises a merge of the Birth Certificate Application Database (BCA) and the National Health Insurance Research Database in Taiwan. Women aged between 15 and 45 years who gave birth in Taiwan between 2004 and 2011 were included. Women who were enrolled and had a GDM diagnosis were assigned to the exposure group. Women who were enrolled without a GDM diagnosis were assigned to the comparison group. The relative risk of developing T2DM, aHTN, HL, and IRS-related diseases, including CVD, AMI, PAOD, NAFLD, and CKD, were analyzed and presented as hazard ratio (HR) through Cox regression and log-rank regression analyses. Results: A total of 1,180,477 women were identified through the BCA database between 2004 and 2011. Of those, 71,611 GDM-diagnosed women and 286,444 women without GDM were included in the final analysis. After adjusting for age, pre-existing cancer, and parity, developing T2DM, aHTN, and HL were still significantly increased in the GDM group (HR and interquartile range (IQR): 2.83 (2.59, 3.08), 1.09 (1.01, 1.06), and 1.29 (1.20, 1.38), accordingly). CVD, NAFLD, and CKD had a very low incidence and showed insignificant results. Conclusion: Our findings provide nationwide cohort data showing that GDM increased the risk of developing T2DM, aHTN, and HL 5 years after delivery within the same group. The GDM complications and risk of CVD, AMI, PAOD, NAFLD, and CKD need further investigation. © 2023 by the authors.
Expanding the Role of Continuous Glucose Monitoring in Modern Diabetes Care Beyond Type 1 Disease; Application of continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) has moved diabetes care from a reactive to a proactive process, in which a person with diabetes can prevent episodes of hypoglycemia or hyperglycemia, rather than taking action only once low and high glucose are detected. Consequently, CGM devices are now seen as the standard of care for people with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Evidence now supports the use of CGM in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) on any treatment regimen, not just for those on insulin therapy. Expanding the application of CGM to include all people with T1DM or T2DM can support effective intensification of therapies to reduce glucose exposure and lower the risk of complications and hospital admissions, which are associated with high healthcare costs. All of this can be achieved while minimizing the risk of hypoglycemia and improving quality of life for people with diabetes. Wider application of CGM can also bring considerable benefits for women with diabetes during pregnancy and their children, as well as providing support for acute care of hospital inpatients who experience the adverse effects of hyperglycemia following admission and surgical procedures, as a consequence of treatment-related insulin resistance or reduced insulin secretion. By tailoring the application of CGM for daily or intermittent use, depending on the patient profile and their needs, one can ensure the cost-effectiveness of CGM in each setting. In this article we discuss the evidence-based benefits of expanding the use of CGM technology to include all people with diabetes, along with a diverse population of people with non-diabetic glycemic dysregulation. © 2023, The Author(s).
The Relationship between Coronary Flow Reserve and the TyG Index in Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background and Objectives: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prevalent metabolic disorder characterized by glucose intolerance during pregnancy. The triglyceride glucose (TyG) index, a marker of insulin resistance, and coronary flow reserve (CFR), a measure of coronary microvascular function, are emerging as potential indicators of cardiovascular risk. This study aims to investigate the association between CFR and the TyG index in GDM patients. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional study of 87 GDM patients and 36 healthy controls was conducted. The participants underwent clinical assessments, blood tests, and echocardiographic evaluations. The TyG index was calculated as ln(triglycerides × fasting glucose/2). CFR was measured using Doppler echocardiography during rest and hyperemia induced by dipyridamole. Results: The study included 87 individuals in the GDM group and 36 individuals in the control group. There was no significant difference in age between the two groups (34.1 ± 5.3 years for GDM vs. 33.1 ± 4.9 years for the control, p = 0.364). The TyG index was significantly higher in the GDM group compared to the controls (p < 0.001). CFR was lower in the GDM group (p < 0.001). A negative correlation between the TyG index and CFR was observed (r = −0.624, p < 0.001). Linear regression revealed the TyG index as an independent predictor of reduced CFR. Conclusions: The study findings reveal a significant association between the TyG index and CFR in GDM patients, suggesting their potential role in assessing cardiovascular risk. © 2023 by the authors.
Birth Weight in Consecutive Pregnancies and Maternal Cardiovascular Disease Mortality Among Spontaneous and Iatrogenic Term Births: A Population-Based Cohort Study; Knowledge on the association between offspring birth weight and long-term risk of maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality is often based on firstborn infants without consideration of women’s consecutive births. We studied long-term CVD mortality according to offspring birth weight patterns among women with spontaneous and iatrogenic term deliveries in Norway (1967–2020). We constructed birth weight quartiles (Qs) by combining standardized birth weight with gestational age in quartiles (Q1, Q2/Q3, and Q4) for the women’s first 2 births. Mortality was estimated using Cox regression and expressed as hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Changes in offspring birth weight quartiles were associated with long-term maternal CVD mortality. Compared with women who had 2 term infants in Q2/Q3, women with a first offspring in Q2/Q3 and a second in Q1 had higher mortality risk (HR = 1.33, 95% CI: 1.18, 1.50), while risk was lower if the second offspring was in Q4 (HR = 0.78, 95% CI: 0.67, 0.91). The risk increase associated with having a first infant in Q1 was eliminated if the second offspring was in Q4 (HR = 0.99, 95% CI: 0.75, 1.31). These patterns were similar for women with iatrogenic and spontaneous deliveries. Inclusion of information from subsequent births revealed heterogeneity in maternal CVD mortality which was not captured when using only information based on the first offspring. © The Author(s) 2023. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health.
Prediction of postpartum prediabetes by machine learning methods in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Early onset of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease are common complications for women diagnosed with gestational diabetes. Prediabetes refers to a condition in which blood glucose levels are higher than normal, but not yet high enough to be diagnosed as type 2 diabetes. Currently, there is no accurate way of knowing which women with gestational diabetes are likely to develop postpartum prediabetes. This study aims to predict the risk of postpartum prediabetes in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes. Our sparse logistic regression approach selects only two variables – antenatal fasting glucose at OGTT and HbA1c soon after the diagnosis of GDM – as relevant, but gives an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.72, outperforming all other methods. We envision this to be a practical solution, which coupled with a targeted follow-up of high-risk women, could yield better cardiometabolic outcomes in women with a history of GDM. © 2023 The Authors
Documento de consenso de la Sociedad Española de Obstetricia y Ginecologia (SEGO) y el Comité Español Interdisciplinario para la Prevención Vascular (CEIPV). Ventana de oportunidad: prevención del riesgo vascular en la mujer. Resultados adversos del embarazo y riesgo de enfermedad vascular; This document summarises the evidence regarding the association between adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), such as hypertensive disorders, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, fetal growth defects (small for gestational age and/or fetal growth restriction), placental abruption, fetal loss, and the risk that a pregnant individual in developing vascular risk factors (VR) that may lead to future vascular disease (VD): coronary heart disease, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, and heart failure. Furthermore, this document emphasises the importance of recognising APOs when assessing VR in women. A history of APOs serves as a sufficient indicator for primary prevention of VD. In fact, adopting a healthy diet and increasing physical activity among women with APOs, starting during pregnancy and/or postpartum, and maintaining it throughout life are significant interventions that can reduce VR. On the other hand, breastfeeding can also reduce the future VR of women, including a lower risk of mortality. Future studies evaluating the use of aspirin, statins, and metformin, among others, in women with a history of APOs could strengthen recommendations regarding pharmacotherapy for primary prevention of VD in these patients. Various healthcare system options exist to improve the transition of care for women with APOs between different healthcare professionals and implement long-term VR reduction strategies. One potential process could involve incorporating the fourth-trimester concept into clinical recommendations and healthcare policies.; Este documento resume la evidencia que existe entre los resultados adversos del embarazo (RAE), tales como son los trastornos hipertensivos, el parto pretérmino, la diabetes gestacional, los defectos en el crecimiento fetal (feto pequeño para la edad gestacional y/o restricción del crecimiento), el desprendimiento de placenta y la pérdida fetal, y el riesgo que tiene una persona gestante de desarrollar factores de riesgo vascular (RV) que pueden terminar provocando enfermedad vascular (EV) futura: cardiopatía coronaria, accidente cerebrovascular, enfermedad vascular periférica e insuficiencia cardíaca. Asimismo, este documento destaca la importancia de saber reconocer los RAE cuando se evalúa el RV en mujeres. Un antecedente de RAE es un indicador suficiente para hacer una prevención primaria de EV. De hecho, adoptar una dieta saludable y aumentar la actividad física entre las mujeres con RAE, de inicio en el embarazo y/o postparto y manteniéndolo a lo largo de la vida, son intervenciones importantes que permiten disminuir el RV. Por otro lado, la lactancia materna también puede disminuir el RV posterior de la mujer, incluyendo menos riesgo de mortalidad. Estudios futuros que evalúen el uso del ácido acetilsalicílico, las estatinas y la metformina, entre otros, en las mujeres con antecedentes de RAE podrían reforzar las recomendaciones sobre el uso de la farmacoterapia en la prevención primaria de la EV entre estas pacientes. Existen diferentes opciones dentro de los sistemas de salud para mejorar la transición de la atención de las mujeres con RAE entre los diferentes profesionales e implementar estrategias para reducir su RV a largo plazo. Una posible estrategia podría ser la incorporación del concepto del cuarto trimestre en las recomendaciones clínicas y las políticas de atención de la salud.
The Role of Vitamin D and Its Molecular Bases in Insulin Resistance, Diabetes, Metabolic Syndrome, and Cardiovascular Disease: State of the Art; In the last decade, an increasing awareness was directed to the role of Vitamin D in non-skeletal and preventive roles for chronic diseases. Vitamin D is an essential hormone in regulating calcium/phosphorous balance and in the pathogenesis of inflammation, insulin resistance, and obesity. The main forms of vitamin D, Cholecalciferol (Vitamin D3) and Ergocalciferol (Vitamin D2) are converted into the active form (1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D) thanks to two hydroxylations in the liver, kidney, pancreas, and immune cells. Some anti-inflammatory cytokines are produced at higher levels by vitamin D, while some pro-inflammatory cytokines are released at lower levels. Toll-Like Receptor (TLR) expression is increased, and a pro-inflammatory state is also linked to low levels of vitamin D. Regardless of how it affects inflammation, various pathways suggest that vitamin D directly improves insulin sensitivity and secretion. The level of vitamin D in the body may change the ratio of pro- to anti-inflammatory cytokines, which would impact insulin action, lipid metabolism, and the development and function of adipose tissue. Many studies have demonstrated an inverse relationship between vitamin D concentrations and pro-inflammatory markers, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, metabolic syndrome, obesity, and cardiovascular disease. It is interesting to note that several long-term studies also revealed an inverse correlation between vitamin D levels and the occurrence of diabetes mellitus. Vitamin D supplementation in people has controversial effects. While some studies demonstrated improvements in insulin sensitivity, glucose, and lipid metabolism, others revealed no significant effect on glycemic homeostasis and inflammation. This review aims to provide insight into the molecular basis of the relationship between vitamin D, insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, type 1 and 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases. © 2023 by the authors.
Prophylactic Management of Women with Bipolar Disorder during Pregnancy and the Perinatal Period: Clinical Scenario-Based Practical Recommendations from A Group of Perinatal Psychiatry Authors; Many women with bipolar disorder experience episodes of illness or relapses over the perinatal period, especially in the immediate postpartum period. Risks associated with treated/untreated psychopathologies and fetal exposure to bipolar medications make the management of bipolar disorder during these periods challenging for clinicians and patients. In light of the available effectiveness and reproductive safety data, the current clinical update based on the opinions of a group of international perinatal psychiatry authors recommends general considerations and specific management strategies for each possible clinical scenario, including mixed features, predominant polarity, diagnosis of subtypes of bipolar disorder, severity of previous episodes, and risk of recurrence of mood episodes.  © Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy as the initial presentation of mitochondrial disease in an infant born to a diabetic mother; In contrast to hypertrophic cardiomyopathy caused by maternal diabetes, neonatal mitochondrial cardiomyopathy is rare and has a poor prognosis. We report an infant born to a mother with maternal diabetes with persistent ventricular hypertrophy, who was diagnosed with mitochondrial disease associated with m.3243A>G mutation in a mitochondrial tRNA leucine 1 gene. The hypertrophic cardiomyopathy was his initial and only clinical presentation. © The Author(s), 2023. Published by Cambridge University Press.
Case of Congenital Hemolytic Anemia with ATP11C and ANK1 Variants; A male infant of Han descent, with a G1P1 mother and gestational age of 40+4 weeks, was born via cesarean section owing to his mother having pregnancy complications, including premature rupture of membranes, chorioamnionitis, and gestational diabetes. On the first day after birth, routine blood examination showed that his total red blood cells count was 2.32 × 1012/L, hemoglobin count was 77 g/L, and C-reactive protein count was 48.99 mg/L. After receiving an anti-infection treatment for 10 days and two blood transfusions (100 mL in total), he was discharged from a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Accessory examinations showed that reticulocytes in the peripheral blood were significantly increased, the morphology of red blood cells was normal, and all hemolysis-related examinations were normal; bone marrow examinations showed that the proliferation of the red blood cell system was low and serum ferritin and vitamin B12 levels were elevated. Because of the unexplained hemolysis, a whole-exome sequencing examination was performed. The results showed a hemizygous variant of the ATP11C gene (c.3136a>t/p ile 1046phe) and a frame-shift variant of the ANK1 gene (c.937del/pala313 leufs*19). After a six-month follow-up, the serum ferritin and vitamin B12 levels had gradually decreased to normal levels, and hemoglobin and reticulocyte values were 97 g/L and 7.17%, respectively, in the peripheral blood. No splenomegaly was found in physical examination. © 2023 by the authors.
The Role of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in Conventional Cardiovascular Risk Prediction; Objective: Approximately one-third of women in the U.S. experience an adverse pregnancy outcome (APO), which are recognized as sex-specific cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. We examine if APOs confer additional CVD risk beyond that of traditional CVD risk factors. Methods: Women, age 40–79, with a pregnancy history and no pre-existing CVD were identified in the electronic health record of one health system (n = 2306). APOs included any APO, hypertensive disease of pregnancy (HDP), and gestational diabetes (GDM). Hazard ratios of time to CVD event were estimated from survival models using Cox proportional hazard regression. Discrimination, calibration, and net reclassification of re-estimated CVD risk prediction models including APOs were examined. Results: There was no significant association between any APO, HDP, or GDM and time to CVD outcome in survival models (95% confidence intervals all include 1). Including any APO, HDP, GDM in the CVD risk prediction model did not significantly improve discrimination and there were no clinically relevant changes in net reclassification of cases and non-cases. The strongest predictor of time to CVD event in the survival models was Black race, with hazard ratios ranging from 1.59 to 1.62, statistically significant for all three models. Conclusion: Women with APOs did not have an additional risk of CVD, controlling for traditional risk factors in the PCE and this sex-specific factor did not improve risk prediction. Black race was consistently a strong predictor of CVD even with data limitations. Further study of APOs can help determine how to best use this information for CVD prevention in women. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Is There a Relationship between Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Future Development of Atherosclerosis?; Cardiovascular disease is one of the main death causes globally. Effective cardiovascular risk management requires a thorough understanding of the mechanisms underlying the disorder. Establishing early markers of the disease allows a timely intervention and prevention of further atherosclerosis development. Multiple studies confirm the correlation between pregnancy disorders and cardiovascular disease in the postpartum period. Moreover, over 30% of women experience adverse pregnancy outcomes. Thus, the examination of the links between these conditions and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease may help to identify gender-specific risk factors. In this review, we will explore the association between several adverse pregnancy outcome conditions and atherosclerosis. The current analysis is based on the data from several recent studies on the mechanisms behind gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, miscarriages, and stillbirths and their implications for the female cardiovascular system. © 2023 by the authors.
Association Between Maternal Glucose Levels in Gestational Diabetes Screening and Subsequent Hypertension; BACKGROUND: We assessed the association between maternal glucose levels in pregnancy and subsequent hypertension. METHODS: This population-level, retrospective cohort study examined women aged 12 to 54 years with singleton pregnancies completed at ≥29 weeks of gestation from October 1, 2008 to December 1, 2018 followed until March 31, 2019 in Alberta, Canada. Women were stratified by results in the 50-gram glucose challenge test and by 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test subtypes (normal oral glucose tolerance test, elevated fasting plasma glucose only [elevated fasting], elevated postload glucose only, or both elevated fasting and postload glucose [combined]. Time to development of hypertension was modeled using Cox proportional hazards models. RESULTS: Of 313 361 women, 231 008 (79.1%) underwent a glucose challenge test only while 60 909 (20.9%) underwent either an oral glucose tolerance test only or both. Nine thousand five hundred eighty (3.1%) developed hypertension, and 2824 (0.9%) developed cardiovascular disease over a median follow-up of 5.7 years. Every 1-mmol/L increase in glucose in the glucose challenge test increased the risk of subsequent hypertension by 15% (adjusted hazard ratio and 95% CI, 1.15 [1.14-1.16]). Among those who underwent the oral glucose tolerance test, the combined group conferred the highest risk of subsequent hypertension, followed by elevated fasting, then elevated postload glucose only (reference: glucose challenge test ≤7.1 mmol/L, adjusted hazard ratio [95% CI]: elevated postload glucose only, 1.83 [1.68-2.00]; elevated fasting 2.02 [1.70-2.40]; combined, 2.65 [2.33-3.01]). No significant associations between maternal glucose levels and cardiovascular disease were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Increasing maternal glucose levels in pregnancy were associated with increasing risk of subsequent hypertension. These findings may help identify higher-risk women who should be targeted for earlier postpartum cardiovascular risk reduction. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Selenium supplementation effect on glycemic control: A GRADE-assessed systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Results: from different studies on the effects of selenium supplementation on glycemic control are still debated. To fill this knowledge gap, we investigated the overall effects of selenium supplementation on some glycemic parameters such as fasting blood sugar (FBS), hemoglobinA1c (HbA1c), fasting insulin, quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI), and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). A comprehensive literature search was conducted from inception to April 2023 on Scopus, Web of Science, PubMed, Google Scholar, and Cochrane databases. All randomized controlled trials (RCTs) which reported an effect of selenium supplementation on glycemic parameters were included. A random-effects model was used to estimate the weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% CI for each outcome. Between-studies heterogeneity was assessed by the I2 and Cochran's Q test. 20 trials were included in the meta-analysis. Pooled analysis showed that selenium intake significantly reduced fasting insulin (WMD: −3.02 µIu/mL, 95% CI; −5.13, −0.90, P = 0.005) and increased QUICKI levels (WMD: 0.01, 95% CI: 0.01, 0.02, P = 0.005). However, selenium supplementation did not change FBS (WMD: −1.32 mg/dL, 95% CI; −4.02, 1.37, P = 0.332), HbA1c (WMD = 0.05%, 95% CI: −0.19, 0.28, p = 0.701), and HOMA-IR (WMD: −0.82, 95% CI; −2.14, 0.50, P = 0.223). Moreover, we found that there is a non-linear association between selenium supplementation dosage and FBS (P-nonlinearity = 0.008). In conclusion, our study findings indicate some benefits of selenium on fasting insulin, and QUICKI compared with placebo, but elicits no effect on HbA1c, HOMA-IR, and FBS. Further well-designed RCTs with larger samples are necessary to ascertain the effects of selenium supplementation on glycemic control. © 2023 The Authors
Pregnancy-Induced Hypertensive Disorder and Risks of Future Ischemic and Nonischemic Heart Failure; Background: Although adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, studies on timing and subtypes of heart failure after a hypertensive pregnancy are lacking. Objectives: The goal of this study was to assess the association between pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorder and risk of heart failure, according to ischemic and nonischemic subtypes, and the impact of disease characteristics and the timing of heart failure risks. Methods: This was a population-based matched cohort study, comprising all primiparous women without a history of cardiovascular disease included in the Swedish Medical Birth Register between 1988 and 2019. Women with pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorder were matched with women with normotensive pregnancies. Through linkage with health care registers, all women were followed up for incident heart failure, classified as ischemic or nonischemic. Results: In total, 79,334 women with pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorder were matched with 396,531 women with normotensive pregnancies. During a median follow-up of 13 years, rates of all heart failure subtypes were more common among women with pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorder. Compared with women with normotensive pregnancies, adjusted HRs (aHRs) with 95% CIs were as follows: heart failure overall, aHR: 1.70 (95% CI: 1.51-1.91); ischemic heart failure, aHR: 2.28 (95% CI: 1.74-2.98); and nonischemic heart failure, aHR: 1.60 (95% CI: 1.40-1.83). Disease characteristics indicating severe hypertensive disorder were associated with higher heart failure rates, and rates were highest within the first years after the hypertensive pregnancy but remained significantly increased thereafter. Conclusions: Pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorder is associated with an increased short-term and long-term risk of incident ischemic and nonischemic heart failure. Disease characteristics indicating more severe forms of pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorder amplify the heart failure risks. © 2023 American College of Cardiology Foundation
Experiences with an integrated screening programme targeted at women who had a hypertensive disorder or diabetes in pregnancy in the Netherlands: a qualitative study; Objectives Pregnancy is a predictor of women's health later in life. The risk of eventually developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) and/or type 2 diabetes (T2D) increases three to seven times, after pre-eclampsia, hypertension gravidarum or gestational diabetes. The Heart for Women in The Hague project was designed to offer targeted screening to this high-risk population. This research aimed to gather insight regarding the initial experiences of healthcare providers and women with pre-eclampsia, hypertension gravidarum or gestational diabetes. Design and setting This study applied a qualitative semistructured interview design using an interview guide based on  € The Consolidated Framework for Implementation Research (CFIR).' Interviews were recorded, transcribed and coded in accordance with the five main CFIR themes. The setting of the study was primary and secondary care in The Hague, the Netherlands. Interviews were carried out from December 2021 until February 2022. The language was Dutch or English. Participants Participants (n=13) were women of the target population (n=7) and relevant healthcare professionals (n=6). Results Healthcare providers and women were generally positive concerning screening. Healthcare providers agreed that this forgotten group deserves attention and felt that the regional transmural agreement (RTA) provided a clear policy. Women stated that they would like screening to continue and were open-minded regarding lifestyle guidance. Reported barriers included current lack of an easy way of contacting the population after a year, lack of knowledge among the women concerning increased risk, unfamiliarity of new colleagues with the RTA and lack of evidence that screening actually prevents disease. Conclusion Implementation of screening programmes to prevent or delay the development of CVD and/or T2D after complicated pregnancies will likely improve awareness in both patients and healthcare providers. Healthcare providers considered the RTA important because it concerns a forgotten high-risk population. Future research should focus on the improved effectiveness of tailored interventions to delay or prevent CVD.  © 2023 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Association between maternal hyperglycemia in pregnancy and offspring anthropometry in early childhood: the pandora wave 1 study; Background: In-utero hyperglycemia exposure influences later cardiometabolic risk, although few studies include women with pre-existing type 2 diabetes (T2D) or assess maternal body mass index (BMI) as a potential confounder. Objective: To explore the association of maternal T2D and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with childhood anthropometry, and the influence of maternal BMI on these associations. Methods: The PANDORA cohort comprises women (n = 1138) and children (n = 1163). Women with GDM and T2D were recruited from a hyperglycemia in pregnancy register, and women with normoglycemia from the community. Wave 1 follow-up included 423 children, aged 1.5–5 years (median follow-up age 2.5 years). Multivariable linear regression assessed associations between maternal antenatal variables, including BMI and glycemic status, with offspring anthropometry (weight, height, BMI, skinfold thicknesses, waist, arm and head circumferences). Results: Greater maternal antenatal BMI was associated with increased anthropometric measures in offspring independent of maternal glycemic status. After adjustment, including for maternal BMI, children exposed to maternal GDM had lower mean weight (−0.54 kg, 95% CI: −0.99, −0.11), BMI (−0.55 kg/m2, 95% CI: −0.91, −0.20), head (−0.52 cm, 95% CI: −0.88, −0.16) and mid-upper arm (−0.32 cm, 95% CI: −0.63, −0.01) circumferences, and greater mean suprailiac skinfold (0.78 mm, 95% CI: 0.13, 1.43), compared to children exposed to normoglycemia. Adjustment for maternal BMI strengthened the negative association between GDM and child weight, BMI and circumferences. Children exposed to maternal T2D had smaller mean head circumference (−0.82 cm, 95% CI: −1.33, −0.31) than children exposed to normoglycemia. Maternal T2D was no longer associated with greater child mean skinfolds (p = 0.14) or waist circumference (p = 0.18) after adjustment for maternal BMI. Conclusions: Children exposed to GDM had greater suprailiac skinfold thickness than unexposed children, despite having lower mean weight, BMI and mid-upper arm circumference, and both GDM and T2D were associated with smaller mean head circumference. Future research should assess whether childhood anthropometric differences influence lifetime cardiometabolic and neurodevelopmental risk. © 2023, The Author(s).
Homozygous 22q11.2 distal type II microdeletion is associated with syndromic neurodevelopmental delay; Genomic disorders result from heterozygous copy number variants (CNVs). Homozygous deletions spanning numerous genes are rare, despite the potential contribution of consanguinity to such instances. CNVs in the 22q11.2 region are mediated by nonallelic homologous recombination between pairs of low copy repeats (LCRs), from amongst eight LCRs designated A-H. Heterozygous distal type II deletions (LCR-E to LCR-F) have incomplete penetrance and variable expressivity, and can lead to neurodevelopmental issues, minor craniofacial anomalies, and congenital abnormalities. We report siblings with global developmental delay, hypotonia, minor craniofacial anomalies, ocular abnormalities, and minor skeletal issues, in whom chromosomal microarray identified a homozygous distal type II deletion. The deletion was brought to homozygosity as a result of a consanguineous marriage between two heterozygous carriers of the deletion. The phenotype of the children was strikingly more severe and complex than that of the parents. This report suggests that the distal type II deletion harbors a dosage-sensitive gene or regulatory element, which leads to a more severe phenotype when deleted on both chromosomes. © 2023 The Authors. American Journal of Medical Genetics Part A published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Gender-based research underscores sex differences in biological processes, clinical disorders and pharmacological interventions; Earlier research has presumed that the male and female biology is similar in most organs except the reproductive system, leading to major misconceptions in research interpretations and clinical implications, with serious disorders being overlooked or misdiagnosed. Careful research has now identified sex differences in the cardiovascular, renal, endocrine, gastrointestinal, immune, nervous, and musculoskeletal systems. Also, several cardiovascular, immunological, and neurological disorders have shown differences in prevalence and severity between males and females. Genetic variations in the sex chromosomes have been implicated in several disorders at young age and before puberty. The levels of the gonadal hormones estrogen, progesterone and testosterone and their receptors play a role in the sex differences between adult males and premenopausal women. Hormonal deficiencies and cell senescence have been implicated in differences between postmenopausal and premenopausal women. Specifically, cardiovascular disorders are more common in adult men vs premenopausal women, but the trend is reversed with age with the incidence being greater in postmenopausal women than age-matched men. Gender-specific disorders in females such as polycystic ovary syndrome, hypertension-in-pregnancy and gestational diabetes have attained further research recognition. Other gender-related research areas include menopausal hormone therapy, the “Estrogen Paradox” in pulmonary arterial hypertension being more predominant but less severe in young females, and how testosterone may cause deleterious effects in the kidney while having vasodilator effects in the coronary circulation. This has prompted the National Institutes of Health (NIH) initiative to consider sex as a biological variable in research. The NIH and other funding agencies have provided resources to establish state-of-the-art centers for women health and sex differences in biology and disease in several academic institutions. Scientific societies and journals have taken similar steps to organize specialized conferences and publish special issues on gender-based research. These combined efforts should promote research to enhance our understanding of the sex differences in biological systems beyond just the reproductive system, and provide better guidance and pharmacological tools for the management of various clinical disorders in a gender-specific manner. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Addressing Cardiovascular Risk Across the Arc of a Woman’s Life: Sex-Specific Prevention and Treatment; Purpose of Review: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in women in the United States of America. Despite this, women are underdiagnosed, less often receive preventive care, and are undertreated for CVD compared to men. There has been an increase in sex-specific risk factors and treatments over the past decade; however, sex-specific recommendations have not been included in the guidelines. We aim to highlight recent evidence behind the differential effect of traditional risk factors and underscore sex-specific risk factors with an intention to promote awareness, improve risk stratification, and early implementation of appropriate preventive therapies in women. Recent Findings: Women are prescribed fewer antihypertensives and lipid-lowering agents and receive less cardiovascular care as compared to men. Additionally, pregnancy complications have been associated with increased cardiovascular mortality later in life. Findings from the ARIC study suggest that there is a perception of lower risk of cardiovascular disease in women. The SWEDEHEART study which investigated sex differences in treatment, noted a lower prescription of guideline-directed therapy in women. Women are less likely to be prescribed statin medications by their providers in both primary and secondary prevention as they are considered lower risk than men, while also being more likely to decline and discontinue treatment. A woman’s abnormal response to pregnancy may serve as her first physiological stress test which can have implications on her future cardiovascular health. This was supported by the CHAMPs study noting a higher premature cardiovascular risk after maternal complications. Adverse pregnancy outcomes have been associated with a 1.5–4.0 fold increase in future cardiovascular events in multiple studies. Summary: In this review, we highlight the differences in traditional risk factors and their impact on women. Furthermore, we address the sex-specific risk factors and pregnancy-associated complications that increase the risk of CVD in women. Adherence to GDMT may have implications on overall mortality in women. An effort to improve early recognition of CVD risk with implementation of aggressive risk factor control and lifestyle modification should be emphasized. Future studies should specifically report on differences in outcomes between males and females. Increased awareness and knowledge on sex-specific risks and prevention are likely to lower the prevalence and improve outcomes of CVD in women. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
An Adverse Obstetric Event Following Conversion of DAPT to a Single Antiplatelet Agent in a Pregnant Woman with Coronary Artery Disease Treated by Angioplasty: A Case Report; Aim: To describe the adverse fetal outcome at term due to discontinuation of clopidogrel before delivery in woman with coronary artery disease who was on dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) for 5 years. Background: Acute myocardial infarction (MI) during pregnancy is reported more often than pregnancy outcomes in woman with coronary artery disease (CAD). The recommendation regarding the mode of delivery in women with preexisting CAD is not uniform, and the role of continuing DAPT before delivery is a matter of debate in the literature. Case description: A 38-year-old primigravida with a history of CAD for 5 years was hospitalized at 37 weeks for safe confinement. She was a tailor by occupation and was diagnosed with CAD 5 years ago, for which she underwent primary percutaneous transluminal angioplasty with an everolimus-eluting stent of the left anterior descending (LAD) artery. She has been taking tablet (Tab) aspirin, Tab clopidogrel, β-blockers, and statins since then. She was married for 20 years and was investigated for primary infertility. Her cycles were irregular, and she was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), treated with oral ovulogens without success, and stopped further fertility treatment when diagnosed with CAD. She recognized herself as pregnant only at 32 weeks. She was scheduled to be delivered by elective cesarean section (CS) at 38 weeks. The cardiologist and the anesthesiologist advised her to stop clopidogrel 1 week before CS. She suffered from sudden intrauterine fetal demise (IUFD) the day before the scheduled CS and went into labor. She was delivered by emergency cesarean, and the stillborn baby weighed 3.4 kg. Conclusion: Discontinuing DAPT in pregnant women with CAD may lead to IUFD. Clinical significance: Continuing DAPT from pregnancy till delivery or substituting with heparin to prevent thrombosis is essential, possibly preventing sudden intrauterine death. The benefits should be weighed against the risk of bleeding when such therapy is stopped. © The Author(s). 2023 Open Access.
Temporal profile of adverse drug reactions and associated clinical factors: A prospective observational study in a neonatal intensive care unit; Objective Although adverse drug reactions (ADRs) are quite common in hospitalised neonates, pharmacovigilance activities in this public are still incipient. This study aims to characterise ADRs in neonates in a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), identifying causative drugs, temporal profile and associated factors. Design Prospective observational study. Setting NICU of a public maternity hospital in Natal/Brazil. Participants All neonates admitted to the NICU for more than 24 hours and using at least one medication were followed up during the time of hospitalisation. Primary outcome measures Incidence rate and risk factors for ADRs. The ADRs were detected by an active search in electronic medical records and analysis of spontaneous reports in the hospital pharmacovigilance system. Results Six hundred neonates were included in the study, where 118 neonates had a total of 186 ADRs. The prevalence of ADRs at the NICU was 19.7% (95% CI 16.7% to 23.0%). The most common ADRs were tachycardia (30.6%), polyuria (9.1%) and hypokalaemia (8.6%). Tachycardia (peak incidence rate: 57.1 ADR/1000 neonates) and hyperthermia (19.1 ADR/1000 neonates) predominated during the first 5 days of hospitalisation. The incidence rate of polyuria and hypokalaemia increased markedly after the 20th day, with both reaching a peak of 120.0 ADR/1000 neonates. Longer hospitalisation time (OR 0.018, 95% CI 0.007 to 0.029; p<0.01) and number of prescribed drugs (OR 0.127, 95% CI 0.075 to 0.178; p<0.01) were factors associated with ADRs. Conclusion ADRs are very common in NICU, with tachycardia and hyperthermia predominant in the first week of hospitalisation and polyuria and hypokalaemia from the third week onwards.  © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2023. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Metabolomic epidemiology offers insights into disease aetiology; Metabolomic epidemiology is the high-throughput study of the relationship between metabolites and health-related traits. This emerging and rapidly growing field has improved our understanding of disease aetiology and contributed to advances in precision medicine. As the field continues to develop, metabolomic epidemiology could lead to the discovery of diagnostic biomarkers predictive of disease risk, aiding in earlier disease detection and better prognosis. In this Review, we discuss key advances facilitated by the field of metabolomic epidemiology for a range of conditions, including cardiometabolic diseases, cancer, Alzheimer’s disease and COVID-19, with a focus on potential clinical utility. Core principles in metabolomic epidemiology, including study design, causal inference methods and multi-omic integration, are briefly discussed. Future directions required for clinical translation of metabolomic epidemiology findings are summarized, emphasizing public health implications. Further work is needed to establish which metabolites reproducibly improve clinical risk prediction in diverse populations and are causally related to disease progression. © 2023, Springer Nature Limited.
Safety of entecavir antiviral therapyduring an accidental pregnancy in patients with chronic hepatitis B; The present study aimed to investigate the effects of accidental pregnancy CHB patients' reproductive age on their offspring during entecavir (ETV) antiviral therapy. A total of 112 couples were retrospectively enrolled, and they were divided into an observational and control group. A total of 53 couples who had accidental pregnancies while receiving long-term ETV antiviral medication were recruited for the observational group. The control group consisted of 59 couples who became pregnant accidentally while receiving long-term tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) antiviral treatment. All mothers persisted in their pregnancies in the observational group, and ETV was promptly replaced with TDF. Every mother remained pregnant and continued to use TDF in the control group. The maternal and baby safety profiles, including the prevalence of congenital disabilities, were comparable across the observational and control groups at delivery. In addition, no unusual indications or symptoms of the newborns were noted during the follow-up intervals of 28, 48, and 96 weeks postpartum. Initiating ETV or TDF in early and middle pregnancy seems safe for mothers and infants. Important data from the present study support using ETV in early-mid gestational accidental pregnancies and the prompt substitution of TDF antiviral medication for ETV. © 2023 Cao et al.
Trends in Term Intrapartum Stillbirth in Norway; Importance: Fetal death during labor at term is a complication that is rarely studied in high-income countries. There is a need for large population-based studies to examine the rate of term intrapartum stillbirth in high-income countries and the factors associated with its occurrence. Objective: To evaluate trends in term intrapartum stillbirth over time and to investigate the association between the trends and term intrapartum stillbirth risk factors from 1999 to 2018 in Norway. Design, Setting, and Participants: This cohort study used data from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway from 1999 to 2018 to examine rates of term intrapartum stillbirth and risk factors associated with this event. A population of 1021268 term singleton pregnancies without congenital anomalies or antepartum stillbirths was included in analyses, which were performed from September 2022 to February 2023. Exposure: The main exposure variable was time, which was divided into four 5-year periods: 1999 to 2003, 2004 to 2008, 2009 to 2013, and 2014 to 2018. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary study outcome was term intrapartum stillbirth. Risk ratios were calculated, and multivariable logistic regression analyses were conducted to identify factors associated with secular trends of term intrapartum stillbirth. Results: The study population consisted of 1021268 term singleton births (maternal mean [SD] age, 29.72 [5.01] years; mean [SD] gestational age, 39.69 [1.27] weeks). During the study period, there were 95 term intrapartum stillbirths (0.09 per 1000 births). Maternal age, the proportion of individuals born in a country other than Norway, and the prevalence of gestational diabetes, labor induction, operative vaginal delivery, and previous cesarean delivery increased over the course of the study period. Conversely, the prevalence of infants large for gestational age, hypertensive disorder in pregnancy, and spontaneous vaginal delivery and the proportion of individuals who smoked decreased. The term intrapartum stillbirth rate decreased by 87% (95% CI, 68%-95%) from 0.15 per 1000 births in 1999 to 2008 to 0.02 per 1000 births in 2014 to 2018. Three in 4 term intrapartum stillbirths (70 of 95) occurred during intrapartum operative deliveries. The increased prevalence of older maternal age and obstetric risk factors were not associated with the variation in intrapartum stillbirth rates among the time periods. The prevalence of term intrapartum stillbirth was higher for individuals who gave birth in maternity units with fewer than 3000 annual births (adjusted odds ratio, 1.67; 95% CI, 1.07-2.61) than for those who gave birth in units with 3000 or more annual births. Conclusions and Relevance: Findings of this study suggest that, despite increases in maternal and obstetric risk factors, term intrapartum stillbirth rates substantially decreased during the study period. Reasons for this decrease may be due to improvements in intrapartum care.. © 2023 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Swyer-James-MacLeod syndrome in pregnancy: A case report; Scant literature is available regarding pregnancy outcomes in women with Swyer-James-MacLeod syndrome, a rare obstructive lung disease. We present a case of a woman with this syndrome in pregnancy. Her baseline pulmonary function tests (PFT) demonstrated moderate airflow obstruction however she had excellent functional status and exercise tolerance. Her disease remained clinically stable in pregnancy. PFTs demonstrated slight worsening of her obstruction with forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1). 59% and FEV1/FVC ratio 64%. She was diagnosed with gestational diabetes requiring metformin and insulin. Her labor and delivery was uncomplicated with vaginal delivery of a live male at term with no maternal respiratory complications. She did have a delayed postpartum hemorrhage requiring a D&C procedure. This case report demonstrates women with Swyer-James-MacLeod syndrome can have a successful pregnancy and need not avoid pregnancy if desired. © The Author(s) 2022.
Commentary on “Brain Injury During Transition in the Newborn With Congenital Heart Disease: Hazards of the Preoperative Period”; Brain Injury During Transition in the Newborn With Congenital Heart Disease: Hazards of the Preoperative Period: Jennifer M. Lynch, J. William Gaynor, Daniel J. Licht Seminars in Pediatric Neurology Volume 28, December 2018, Pages 60–65 Infants born with critical congenital heart disease are at risk for neurodevelopmental morbidities later in life. In-utero differences in fetal circulation lead to vulnerabilities which lead to an increased incidence of stroke, white matter injury, and brain immaturity. Recent work has shown these infants may be most vulnerable to brain injury during the early neonatal period when they are awaiting their cardiac surgeries. Novel imaging and monitoring modalities are being employed to investigate this crucial time period and elucidate the precise timing and cause of brain injury in this population. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Pregnancy outcome of twin pregnancy with Gitelman syndrome: a case report and literature review; Objective To investigate clinical treatment and diagnosis and pregnancy outcomes of twin pregnancy combined with Gitelman syndrome (GS) and review related literature. Methods A pregnant woman (patient 1) with a gestational age of 25+ 2 gestational weeks who admitted to the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, West China Second University Hospital, Sichuan University with twin pregnancy combined with hypokalemia on September 27, 2021 was included into this study. The clinical data of patient 1 such as medical history, related examination results at admission, treatment protocols and outcome were retrospectively analyzed. And related literature of GS in pregnancy was reviewed with " Gitelman syndrome" and " pregnancy" both in Chinese and English as keywords in CNKI, Wanfang service platform, PubMed and Web of Science, and the search time was set from 2013 to 2023. The clinical manifestations, diagnosis and treatment protocols and maternal and fetal prognosis of patient 1 and GS pregnant women enrolled in GS related literature were summarized. This study met the requirements of World Medical Association Declaration of Helsinki revised in 2013. Results ①Medical history, related examination results at admission, treatment protocols and outcome of patient 1: 36 years old, G3P1+ 1, post-in vitro fertilization-embryo transfer (two blastulas were transferred). She was admitted to the hospital at the gestational age of 25+ 2 gestational weeks due to hypokalemia (serum K+ concentration was 2.60 mmol/L) and hypomagnesemia (serum Mg2+ concentration was 0.66 mmol/L) detected by routine examination during pregnancy. After admission, the examination results revealed alkalosis (blood pH value was 7.530), renal potassium loss (urine K+ concentration was 47.2 mmol/24 h), normal blood pressure with 102-125/60-77 mmHg (1 mmHg=0.133 kPa), then the pregnant woman was clinically diagnosed as GS. Intravenous infusion of potassium chloride injection, oral potassium chloride oral solution, and potassium magnesium aspartate tablets were used for treatment. Her condition was stable at 28+ 1 gestational weeks and discharged from the hospital. After discharge, she received outpatient follow-up by a multidisciplinary team. Elective cesarean section was performed at 36+ 6 gestational weeks to deliver two live infants, and the operation was successful. The pregnant woman and the newborns were discharged from the hospital 4 days after caesarean section. Follow up until June 2023, both mother and child were in good condition. ②Results of literature review were as follows. Due to the limited number of reports on twin pregnancy combined with GS both domestically and internationally, cases of single pregnancy combined with GS from literature search results were included in the study. According to the literature search strategy of this study, a total of 33 pieces of literature involving 55 cases of pregnancy women GS (patient 2 to 56) and 67 times of pregnancy and 69 fetuses (twice twin pregnancy) were retrieved. Among them, stillbirths occurred in 4 cases (patient 2, 34, 46, 49), fetal growth restriction occurred in 3 cases (patient 29, 41, 53), and one newborn (delivered by patient 32) died 7 days after birth. The rest of the single birth and twin neonates all had good outcomes. There were 14 cases (patient 3-4, 7, 11-12, 26-27, 33-34, 36, 39, 42, 52-53) of gestational diabetes mellitus/impaired glucose tolerance, 4 cases (patient 8, 28, 34, 41) of oligohydramnios, and 6 cases (patient 27, 34, 41, 43-44, twice pregnacies of patient 41 both occurred pre-eclampsia) of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Among the 67 pregnancies, except for one pregnant woman who frequently experienced ventricular fibrillation and cardiac arrest with poor prognosis, the remaining 66 cases had a good prognosis. Conclusions Pregnancy complicated with GS requires multidisciplinary cooperation and individualized management. After close monitoring and active treatment, most pregnant mothers and infants have good outcomes. Although the differences in symptom severity, incidence rate of complications and pregnancy outcome between twin pregnancy with GS and single pregnancy with GS are not observed, the management and monitoring of twin pregnancy with GS should be strengthened. Due to the limited number of reported cases of pregnancy complicated with GS, especially twin pregnancies, further exploration is needed on the clinical characteristics, delivery methods, delivery time, treatment methods and goals of twin pregnancy with GS. © 2023 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy Complications and Feto-Maternal Monitoring in Rabbits; Rabbit production holds significant relevance in modern agriculture due to its potential as a sustainable source of high-quality protein and efficient feed conversion, contributing to food security and economic diversification. Nevertheless, studies incorporating feto-maternal monitoring in this species are uncommon. This review gathers research on the monitoring and evaluation of factors affecting rabbit gestation, providing a better understanding of the causes of prenatal development abnormalities. These include studies regarding how chronic maternal hypertension, gestational diabetes, maternal stress, ectopic gestation, maternal uterine ischemia and fetal hypoxia, intrauterine growth restriction, superfetation, maternal age, maternal nutritional status, maternal physical condition, maternal and embryonic genotype, and the intrauterine location of rabbit fetuses can potentially impact rabbits’ reproduction and maternal and fetal health. Among other monitoring techniques, ultrasonography, considered one of the best tools for diagnosing pregnancy and conducting follow-up, is also reviewed. Details on measurable fetal-development parameters in rabbits and precautions to be considered before and during the examination are also provided. Additional studies are required to understand why some events occur and their consequences throughout gestation, allowing the determination of new biomarkers or cut-offs that can be helpful for early diagnosis and improve reproductive efficiency. © 2023 by the authors.
Procalcitonin-Based Antibiotic Use for Neonatal Early-Onset Bacterial Infections: Pre- and Post-Intervention Clinical Study; We previously reported the 95th percentile cutoff value of the serum procalcitonin (PCT) reference curve for diagnosing early-onset bacterial infection. We aimed to verify the effectivity of these novel diagnostic criteria by comparing antibiotic use and incidence of early-onset bacterial infection between pre- and post-introduction periods. We included newborns admitted to our neonatal intensive care unit who underwent blood tests within 72 h after birth between 2018 and 2022. The neonates were divided into the pre-intervention (admitted before the introduction, n = 737) or post-intervention (admitted after the introduction, n = 686) group. The days of antibiotics therapy (DOT) per 1000 patient days up to 6 days after birth, percentage of antibiotic use, and incidence of early-onset bacterial infection were compared between the groups. The post-intervention group had significantly lower DOT per 1000 patient days (82.0 days vs. 211.3 days, p < 0.01) and percentage of newborns receiving antibiotics compared with the pre-intervention group (79 (12%) vs. 280 (38%), respectively, p < 0.01). The incidence of early-onset bacterial infections did not differ between the groups (2% each, p = 0.99). In conclusion, our diagnostic criteria using the 95th percentile cutoff value of the serum PCT reference curve for early-onset bacterial infection were proven safe and effective, promoting appropriate use of antibiotics. © 2023 by the authors.
Effect of glycemic control on fetal hearts of pregestational diabetic women by tissue doppler and M-mode imaging; Objective: To determine whether changes in fetal heart function according to glycemic control in pregnant women with Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes using spectral tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) and M-mode imaging. Methods: This study included 68 pregestational diabetic women (DM) at 30–32 gestational weeks. All participants were divided into two groups: type 1(n = 17) and type 2(n = 51), and then these groups were divided into the subgroups as well-controlled and poorly controlled, according to fasting glucose (FG) and 1-h postprandial glucose (PPG) values. Cardiac parameters were compared for well- and poorly-controlled groups with TDI and M-mode imaging. The correlation of cardiac parameters with FG, PPG, and HbA1c values was evaluated. Their roles in predicting neonatal outcomes were also assessed. Results: Thickness measurements, early diastolic annular peak velocity (E’), late diastolic annular peak velocity (A’), tissue isovolumetric relaxation time (IRT’), and tissue myocardial performance index (MPI’) were increased in both poorly controlled groups. Tissue ejection time (ET') was significantly reduced in the poorly controlled groups, while tissue isovolumetric contraction time (ICT') was not significantly changed in any group. Tricuspid, mitral, and septal annular plane excursions (TAPSE, MAPSE, and SAPSE, respectively) were significantly decreased in all poorly controlled subgroups. E', E'/A’, MPI’, IRT', ET', and M-mode imaging parameters significantly correlated with FG notably. Conclusion: Maternal hyperglycemia leads to subtle changes in systolic and diastolic functions both in the interventricular septum and ventricles, so it is essential to ensure glycemic control in both Type 1 and Type 2 DM. © 2023 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Does treatment modality affect measures of arterial stiffness in women with gestational diabetes?; Objective: To investigate whether arterial stiffness (AS) differs between healthy women and women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) managed by different treatment modalities. Methods: This was a prospective longitudinal cohort study comparing AS in pregnancies complicated by GDM and low-risk controls. AS was assessed by recording aortic pulse-wave velocity (AoPWV), brachial augmentation index (BrAIx) and aortic augmentation index (AoAIx) using the Arteriograph® at four gestational-age windows: 24 + 0 to 27 + 6 weeks (W1); 28 + 0 to 31 + 6 weeks (W2); 32 + 0 to 35 + 6 weeks (W3) and ≥ 36 + 0 weeks (W4). Women with GDM were considered both as a single group and as subgroups stratified by treatment modality. Data were analyzed using a linear mixed model on each AS variable (log-transformed) with group, gestational-age window, maternal age, ethnicity, parity, body mass index, mean arterial pressure and heart rate as fixed effects and individual as a random effect. We compared the group means including relevant contrasts and adjusted the P-values using Bonferroni correction. Results: The study population comprised 155 low-risk controls and 127 women with GDM, of whom 59 were treated with dietary intervention, 47 were treated with metformin only and 21 were treated with metformin + insulin. The two-way interaction term of study group and gestational age was significant for BrAIx and AoAIx (P < 0.001), but there was no evidence that mean AoPWV was different between the study groups (P = 0.729). Women in the control group demonstrated significantly lower BrAIx and AoAIx compared with the combined GDM group at W1–W3, but not at W4. The mean difference in log-transformed BrAIx was –0.37 (95% CI, –0.52 to –0.22), –0.23 (95% CI, –0.35 to –0.12) and –0.29 (95% CI, –0.40 to –0.18) at W1, W2 and W3, respectively. The mean difference in log-transformed AoAIx was –0.49 (95% CI, –0.69 to –0.30), –0.32 (95% CI, –0.47 to –0.18) and –0.38 (95% CI –0.52 to –0.24) at W1, W2 and W3, respectively. Similarly, women in the control group also demonstrated significantly lower BrAIx and AoAIx compared with each of the GDM treatment subgroups (diet, metformin only and metformin + insulin) at W1–W3. The increase in mean BrAIx and AoAIx seen between W2 and W3 in women with GDM treated with dietary management was attenuated in the metformin-only and metformin + insulin groups. However, the mean differences in BrAIx and AoAIx between these treatment groups were not statistically significant at any gestational-age window. Conclusions: Pregnancies complicated by GDM demonstrate significantly higher AS compared with low-risk pregnancies regardless of treatment modality. Our data provide the basis for further investigation into the association of metformin therapy with changes in AS and risk of placenta-mediated diseases. © 2023 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology. © 2023 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15) in endocrinology; Human growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15) is a widely distributed protein that has shown to play multiple roles in both physiological and pathological conditions. In healthy individuals, GDF-15 is mainly expressed in the placenta, followed by the prostate, although low levels of expression have also been detected in different organs. GDF-15 acts through a recently identified receptor called glial-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) receptor alpha-like (GFRAL) which signals through the rearranged during transfection (RET) tyrosine kinase receptor. The effects of GDF-15 are pleiotropic and include appetite regulation, and actions on metabolism, pregnancy, cell survival, immune response, and inflammation. GDF-15 also plays different roles in the pathophysiology of cardiovascular disease, autoimmunity, cancer-associated anorexia/cachexia, and diabetes. In recent years, several studies have reported a link between GDF-15 and the endocrine system. In this review, we up-date and summarize the relevant investigations of the relationships between GDF-15 and different endocrine conditions. We also assess the potential pathogenic role and potential therapeutic applications of GDF-15 in the field of endocrinology. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Hypertriglyceridemia in gestational diabetes: Case report and review of the literature; Background: Hypertriglyceridemia is a rare but potentially severe complication of pregnancy. It is seen in women with inherited lipid disorders, thyroid disease, nephrotic syndrome, diabetes and is associated with certain medication. Hypertriglyceridaemia can cause pancreatitis, pre-eclampsia and foetal compromise. Treatment is often challenging-many medications are not approved during pregnancy and much of the evidence comes from small case reports and case series. Here was present the case of a lady with type 2 diabetes and hypertriglyceridemia, outline our treatment plan and progress and review the literature. Case presentation: We describe the case of a 37 year old pregnant lady with obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus who developed severe hypertriglyceridemia in her third trimester. Baseline body mass index and triglyceride level entering pregnancy were 45.2 kg/m2 and 2.2 mmol/L (0.4–2.0). At week 31 this lady required >1 unit/kg of insulin. A random lipid level done to investigate large foetal size identified a triglyceride level of 27 mmol/L. Treatment with a reduced fat diet, strict glycaemic control and omega 3 fatty acids was initiated and triglycerides reduced to <5mmol/L. A healthy infant weighting 3.3kg was delivered at 36 + 5. Post-partum lipids returned to baseline levels without treatment and insulin was discontinued after delivery. Conclusion: Treatment of this rare condition is often complex and required multi-disciplinary input. In cases such as this dietic support and strict glycaemic control are the corner stones of treatment, however a number of oral and parenteral treatment options are available for those with severe complications. © 2023 The Authors
Efficacy of Time-Restricted Eating and Behavioral Economic Intervention in Reducing Fasting Plasma Glucose, HbA1c, and Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Patients with Impaired Fasting Glucose: A Randomized Controlled Trial; This randomized controlled trial is aimed at assessing the efficacy of combining time-restricted eating (TRE) with behavioral economic (BE) interventions and comparing it to TRE alone and to the usual care for reducing fasting plasma glucose (FPG), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and other cardiometabolic risk factors among patients with impaired fasting glucose (IFG). Seventy-two IFG patients aged 18–65 years were randomly allocated for TRE with BE interventions (26 patients), TRE alone (24 patients), or usual care (22 patients). Mean FPG, HbA1c, and other cardiometabolic risk factors among the three groups were compared using a mixed-effect linear regression analysis. Mean body weight, FPG, HbA1c, fasting insulin, and lipid profiles did not significantly differ among the three groups. When considering only patients who were able to comply with the TRE protocol, the TRE group showed significantly lower mean FPG, HbA1c, and fasting insulin levels compared to the usual care group. Our results did not show significant differences in body weight, blood sugar, fasting insulin, or lipid profiles between TRE plus BE interventions, TRE alone, and usual care groups. However, TRE might be an effective intervention in lowering blood sugar levels for IFG patients who were able to adhere to the TRE protocol. © 2023 by the authors.
A Systematic Approach to Treating Early Metabolic Disease and Prediabetes; At least 70% of US adults have metabolic disease. However, less is done to address early disease (e.g., overweight, obesity, prediabetes) versus advanced disease (e.g., type 2 diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease). Given the burden of advanced metabolic disease and the burgeoning pandemics of obesity and prediabetes a systematic response is required. To accomplish this, we offer several recommendations: (A) Patients with overweight, obesity, and/or prediabetes must be consistently diagnosed with these conditions in medical records to enable population health initiatives. (B) Patients with early metabolic disease should be offered in-person or virtual lifestyle interventions commensurate with the findings of the Diabetes Prevention Program. (C) Patients unable to participate in or otherwise failing lifestyle intervention must be screened to assess if they require pharmacotherapy. (D) Patients not indicated for, refusing, or failing pharmacotherapy must be screened to assess if they need bariatric surgery. (E) Regardless of treatment approach or lack of treatment, patients must be consistently screened for the progression of early metabolic disease to advanced disease to enable early control. Progression of metabolic disease from an overweight yet otherwise healthy person includes the development of prediabetes, obesity ± prediabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, chronic kidney disease, coronary artery disease, and heart failure. Systematic approaches in health systems must be deployed with clear protocols and supported by streamlined technologies to manage their population’s metabolic health from early through advanced metabolic disease. Additional research is needed to identify and validate optimal system-level interventions. Future research needs to identify strategies to roll out systematic interventions for the treatment of early metabolic disease and to improve the metabolic health among the progressively younger patients being impacted by obesity and diabetes. © 2023, The Author(s).
Expert Recommendations for Using Time-in-Range and Other Continuous Glucose Monitoring Metrics to Achieve Patient-Centered Glycemic Control in People With Diabetes; New metrics for assessing glycemic control beyond HbA1c have recently emerged due to the increasing use of continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) in diabetes clinical practice. Among them, time in range (TIR) has appeared as a simple and intuitive metric that correlates inversely with HbA1c and has also been newly linked to the risk of long-term diabetes complications. The International Consensus on Time in Range established a series of target glucose ranges (TIR, time below range and time above range) and recommendations for time spent within these ranges for different diabetes populations. These parameters should be evaluated together with the ambulatory glucose profile (AGP). Using standardized visual reporting may help people with diabetes and healthcare professionals in the evaluation of glucose control in frequent clinical situations. The objective of the present review is to provide practical insights to quick interpretation of patient-centered metrics based on flash glucose monitoring data, as well as showing some visual examples of common clinical situations and giving practical recommendations for their management. © 2022 Diabetes Technology Society.
Disrupted Balance of the Oxidant–Antioxidant System in the Pathophysiology of Female Reproduction: Oxidative Stress and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; The significance of oxidative stress in the pathophysiology of male reproductive processes has been closely studied in the last two decades. Recently, it has become clear that oxidative stress can lead to numerous pathological conditions during female reproductive processes as well, contributing to the development of endometriosis, polycystic ovary syndrome and various forms of infertility. During pregnancy, physiological generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) occurs in association with several developmental processes including oocyte maturation and implantation. An overproduction of ROS can lead to disturbances in fetal development and increases the risk for missed abortion, intrauterine growth restriction, pre-eclampsia, premature delivery and gestational diabetes. Our review focuses on the etiological role of the disrupted oxidant–antioxidant system during human gestation as it relates to adverse pregnancy outcomes. © 2023 by the authors.
Use of digital technologies in public health: a narrative review; Background and aim: Websites, social media networks and mobile applications constitute important communication tools, while simultaneously enabling the population to increase their knowledge of health issues. This study aims to describe digital health experiences in Public Health to examine the different possible uses of digital technologies by Public Health Operators (PHOs) and Health Care Workers (HCWs) and the role these tools play in the efficiency of the health interventions undertaken. Methods: A narrative literature survey was conducted by consulting the PubMed and Scopus databases to find articles relevant to the topic of interest. The selection criteria adopted for manuscript screening involved including the survey studies dealing with the use of digital means such as new media in Public Health, published between 1 January 2012 and 31 May 2021. Results: Based on the keywords, 2,019 manuscripts were identified, of which 45 were included. The articles were grouped according to the digital tool (social media network, mobile application and websites) employed by PHOs and/or HCWs in health promotion initiatives. Specifically, this was broken down into: i) the use of social media in public health: 24 articles, ii) the use of mobile applications: 10 articles, iii) the use of websites: 8 articles and iv) the use of the three digital tools combined: 3 articles. Conclusions: The results of this study indicate that digital technologies may play a useful role in Public Health to improve communication between health professionals and patients, provide quality care even remotely and facilitate the achievement of health outcomes for the population from a Health Literacy perspective. (www.actabiomedica.it). © 2023, Mattioli 1885. All rights reserved.
Added Predictive Value of Female-Specific Factors and Psychosocial Factors for the Risk of Stroke in Women Under 50; Background and ObjectivesFemale-specific factors and psychosocial factors may be important in the prediction of stroke but are not included in prediction models that are currently used. We investigated whether addition of these factors would improve the performance of prediction models for the risk of stroke in women younger than 50 years.MethodsWe used data from the Stichting Informatievoorziening voor Zorg en Onderzoek, population-based, primary care database of women aged 20-49 years without a history of cardiovascular disease. Analyses were stratified by 10-year age intervals at cohort entry. Cox proportional hazards models to predict stroke risk were developed, including traditional cardiovascular factors, and compared with models that additionally included female-specific and psychosocial factors. We compared the risk models using the c-statistic and slope of the calibration curve at a follow-up of 10 years. We developed an age-specific stroke risk prediction tool that may help communicating the risk of stroke in clinical practice.ResultsWe included 409,026 women with a total of 3,990,185 person-years of follow-up. Stroke occurred in 2,751 women (incidence rate 6.9 [95% CI 6.6-7.2] per 10,000 person-years). Models with only traditional cardiovascular factors performed poorly to moderately in all age groups: 20-29 years: c-statistic: 0.617 (95% CI 0.592-0.639); 30-39 years: c-statistic: 0.615 (95% CI 0.596-0.634); and 40-49 years: c-statistic: 0.585 (95% CI 0.573-0.597). After adding the female-specific and psychosocial risk factors to the reference models, the model discrimination increased moderately, especially in the age groups 30-39 (Δc-statistic: 0.019) and 40-49 years (Δc-statistic: 0.029) compared with the reference models, respectively.DiscussionThe addition of female-specific factors and psychosocial risk factors improves the discriminatory performance of prediction models for stroke in women younger than 50 years.  © American Academy of Neurology.
The Uterine Environment and Childhood Obesity Risk: Mechanisms and Predictions; Purpose of Review: Childhood obesity is a growing health problem in many populations, hence the urgent need to unravel the underlying mechanisms. Some evidence suggests that exposure to suboptimal intrauterine environments can program foetal metabolic health, with adverse consequences in later life, including susceptibility to childhood obesity. Findings: Factors such as high and low foetal birth weight, excessive gestational-weight-gain, maternal stress and smoking are all associated with increased risk of childhood obesity in observational studies. Animal models, where both genetic background and the postnatal environment can be carefully controlled, suggest that several different mechanisms, including epigenetic changes, dysregulation of adipose tissue development and programming of appetite, may be key drivers of developmental programming of childhood obesity. However, the influence of genetics and the post-natal environment are much more difficult to disentangle as independent effects in human studies, which are also complicated by low follow-up rates. Summary: Suboptimal intrauterine environments interact with maternal and foetal genetics and with the postnatal environment to contribute to the risk of childhood obesity. Maternal metabolic challenges, for example obesity and insulin resistance, contribute to the risk of foetal overgrowth and subsequent adiposity in childhood. To protect the long-term health of populations, research focusing on effective means of identifying and intervening in the transgenerational cycle of childhood obesity is required. © 2023, The Author(s).
Subfertility versus ART: unraveling the origins of fetal cardiac programming; STUDY QUESTION: Do spontaneously conceived (SC) fetuses from subfertile couples show the same signs of cardiac remodeling as those observed after IVF treatments? SUMMARY ANSWER: As opposed to fetuses from IVF, SC fetuses from subfertile couples do not show cardiac remodeling and present a similar cardiac structure and function to those of SC fetuses from fertile couples. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Subjects conceived by IVF present signs of cardiac remodeling and suboptimal function in utero and during childhood, including larger atria, more globular and thicker ventricles, reduced longitudinal motion, and impaired relaxation as compared to SC individuals from fertile couples. There are no previous publications investigating the independent cardiac programming effects of infertility in SC fetuses from subfertile couples (with time-to-pregnancy (TTP) over 12 months). STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: A prospective cohort study of 289 singleton pregnancies exposed and not exposed to subfertility recruited from 2019 to 2021, including 96 SC pregnancies from fertile couples (TTP under 12 months), 97 SC from subfertile couples (TTP over 12 months), and 96 from IVF after fresh embryo transfer. Fetal echocardiography was performed in all pregnancies. Epidemiological data and perinatal outcomes were collected in all pregnancies. The overall attrition rate was 15.7%. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: SC from subfertile couples and IVF pregnancies were identified as eligible at pregnancy diagnosis, and eligible SC pregnancies from fertile couples who attended our maternal-fetal unit were invited to participate at third trimester, being matched to the other groups by maternal age. Fetal echocardiography was performed at 29-34 weeks of pregnancy to assess cardiac structure and function, and results were adjusted by parental age, maternal smoking status, child's birth order, birthweight centile, gestational age, and estimated fetal weight at scan. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Parental age, ethnicity, BMI, and smoking exposure, median gestational age and estimated fetal weight were similar in all study groups. There were no significant differences in infertility duration or etiology between the subfertile and the IVF populations (TTP: subfertile median 35 months (interquartile range 20-48) versus IVF: 47 (25-61); P-value = 0.051). While both fertile and subfertile SC groups presented similar fetal cardiac results, IVF fetuses showed larger atria (right atria-to-heart ratio: IVF mean 18.9% (SD 3.4) versus subfertile 17.8% (3.5) versus fertile 17.6% (3.3); adjusted P-value < 0.001), more globular ventricles (right ventricular sphericity index: IVF 1.56 (0.25) versus subfertile 1.72 (0.26) versus fertile 1.72 (0.26); <0.001), and thicker myocardial walls (relative wall thickness: IVF 0.86 (0.22) versus subfertile 0.64 (0.13) versus fertile 0.64 (0.18); <0.001). Whereas SC fetuses from fertile and subfertile couples had preserved cardiac function, IVF fetuses showed signs of suboptimal systolic and diastolic function, with reduced tricuspid ring displacement (IVF 7.26 mm (1.07) versus subfertile 8.04 mm (1.18) versus fertile 7.89 mm (1.51); <0.001) and increased left myocardial performance index (IVF 0.49 (0.08) versus subfertile 0.45 (0.09) versus fertile 0.45 (0.10); <0.001). A sub-analysis including only unexplained infertility cases in subfertile SC and IVF groups showed similar results. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: The fetal cardiac changes reported here are subclinical, and most of the cardiovascular parameters were within normal ranges. Although echocardiographic changes are recognized as potential cardiovascular risk factors, their association with long-term cardiovascular disease remains to be demonstrated. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Subfertility per se does not seem to be associated to fetal cardiac remodeling, which has been previously described in IVF fetuses. Future studies are warranted to further investigate other factors related to the observed fetal cardiac changes associated with ART. © 2023 The Author(s).
Surgical complications in pregnancy after bariatric surgery; a case series; Background: Obesity is a rising world-wide problem and bariatric surgery, also in the reproductive age, is increasingly performed. Bariatric procedures are associated with surgical complications during pregnancy, such as internal herniation. Cases: In this case series three cases with severe surgical complications after Roux-Y gastric bypass are described. In all three cases surgery was needed to prevent further complications. In one case subtotal bowel resection had to be performed because of extensive necrosis and intra-uterine fetal death was found. Conclusion: Though surgical complications after Roux-Y gastric bypass are not very common, complications can be very serious and lead to severe morbidity and even mortality for mother and fetus. Because of the severity of complications, delaying bariatric surgery or considering alternative bariatric techniques with fewer (severe) complications should be considered in obese women in childbearing age. © 2023 Elsevier Masson SAS
Randomised controlled trial of preconception lifestyle intervention on maternal and offspring health in people with increased risk of gestational diabetes: Study protocol for the before the BEGINNING trial; Introduction Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk for type 2 diabetes in the mother and cardiometabolic diseases in the child. The preconception period is an optimal window to adapt the lifestyle for improved outcomes for both mother and child. Our aim is to determine the effect of a lifestyle intervention, initiated before and continued throughout pregnancy, on maternal glucose tolerance and other maternal and infant cardiometabolic outcomes. Methods and analysis This ongoing randomised controlled trial has included 167 females aged 18-39 years old at increased risk for GDM who are contemplating pregnancy. The participants were randomly allocated 1:1 to an intervention or control group. The intervention consists of exercise (volume is set by a heart rate-based app and corresponds to ≥ 1 hour of weekly exercise at ≥ 80% of individual heart rate maximum), and time-restricted eating (≤ 10 hours/day window of energy intake). The primary outcome measure is glucose tolerance in gestational week 28. Maternal and offspring outcomes are measured before and during pregnancy, at delivery, and at 6-8 weeks post partum. Primary and secondary continuous outcome measures will be compared between groups based on the  € intention to treat' principle using linear mixed models. Ethics and dissemination The Regional Committees for Medical and Health Research Ethics in Norway has approved the study (REK 143756). The anonymised results will be submitted for publication and posted in a publicly accessible database of clinical study results. Trial registration number Clinical trial gov NCT04585581.  © 2023 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Synergistic effect of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and history of gestational diabetes to increase risk of type 2 diabetes; Whether non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) improves risk prediction for subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) is uncertain. We examined the combined effects of NAFLD and pGDM on risk prediction for incident T2DM. This retrospective cohort study included 97,347 Korean parous women without diabetes mellitus at baseline whose mean (SD) age was 39.0 (7.8) years. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) for incident T2DM according to self-reported pGDM and ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD at baseline. When combined with conventional diabetes risk factors, the incremental predictive ability of NAFLD and pGDM to identify incident T2DM was assessed. During a median follow-up of 3.9 years, 1,515 cases of incident T2DM occurred. Multivariable-adjusted HRs (95% confidence intervals [CIs]) for incident T2DM comparing pGDM alone, NAFLD alone, and both NAFLD and pGDM to the reference (neither NAFLD nor pGDM) were 2.61 (2.06–3.31), 2.26 (1.96–2.59), and 6.45 (5.19-8.00), respectively (relative excess risk of interaction = 2.58 [95% CI, 1.21–3.95]). These associations were maintained after adjusting for insulin resistance, body mass index, and other potential confounders as time-dependent covariates. The combination of NAFLD and pGDM improved risk prediction for incident T2DM (based on Harrell’s C−index, also known as the concordance index, and net reclassification improvement) compared to conventional diabetes risk factors. In conclusion, NAFLD synergistically increases the risk of subsequent T2DM in women with pGDM. The combination of NAFLD and pGDM improves risk prediction for T2DM. © 2023, Springer Nature B.V.
Impact of youth onset type 2 diabetes during pregnancy on microvascular and cardiac outcomes; Aims: To examine the impact of pregnancy on microvascular and cardiovascular measures in women with youth-onset T2D. Methods: Microvascular and cardiovascular measures were compared in in a cohort of 116 women who experienced a pregnancy of ≥ 20 weeks gestation and 291 women who did not among women in the Treatment Options for Type 2 Diabetes in Adolescents and Youth (TODAY) study. Results: Cox regression models adjusted for participant characteristics at baseline including age, race/ethnicity, household income, diabetes duration, HbA1c (>6%), and BMI, demonstrated those who experienced pregnancy had 2.76 (1.38–5.49; p = 0.004) fold increased risk of hyperfiltration (eGFR ≥ 135 ml/min/1.73 m2), compared to those without a pregnancy. No differences were observed in rates of retinopathy (48.9% vs. 41.1%) or neuropathy (23.3% vs. 16.3%) in women who experienced pregnancy vs. women who did not, respectively. In fully adjusted models, pregnancy did not impact changes in echocardiographic or arterial stiffness compared to changes in women who were never pregnant. Conclusions: These results indicate that pregnancy increases the risk of hyperfiltration in women with youth-onset T2D, but not other micro or macrovascular complications. The rates of vascular complications are very high in youth-onset T2D potentially obscuring micro- and macrovascular changes attributable to pregnancy. Clinical Trial Information: ClinicalTrials.gov numbers, NCT01364350 and NCT02310724. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Maternal and fetal health outcomes in systemic lupus erythematosus pregnancies in the Emirati population: A comparative study; Objectives: To evaluate adverse pregnancy outcomes in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), compare their maternal and fetal outcomes with those of age-matched pregnant women without SLE, and identify factors linked to increased risks of adverse outcomes. Methods: Medical records from Tawam Hospital were reviewed retrospectively to identify patients with SLE and a history of pregnancy. Demographics, clinical variables, and maternal and fetal outcomes were obtained. A one-to-one age-matched healthy control group was randomly selected. The outcomes and odd ratios of women with and without SLE were compared, and factors associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes were examined. Results: The outcomes of 78 SLE pregnancies in 39 women were analyzed. Adverse maternal outcomes, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), occurred in 32% of pregnancies, whereas adverse fetal outcomes, such as low-birth weight and preterm deliveries, occurred in 51% of pregnancies. Pregnant women with SLE had a 5-fold higher risk of GDM, had higher odds of maternal hypertension, and were more likely to deliver through cesarean section than those without SLE. Preterm deliveries and low-birth weight were also more common in SLE pregnancies. Steroid use during pregnancy was significantly associated with an increased risk of GDM development. Lupus nephritis, maternal hypertension, pre-eclampsia, and GDM were linked to preterm deliveries. Conclusion: Pregnant women with SLE were at a higher risk for adverse maternal and fetal outcomes than age-matched pregnant women without SLE. These findings can guide clinical management and emphasize the need for close monitoring of SLE pregnancies. © The Author(s) 2023.
Ambient air pollution and maternal cardiovascular health in pregnancy; In this review, we summarise the current epidemiological and experimental evidence on the association of ambient (outdoor) air pollution exposure and maternal cardiovascular health during pregnancy. This topic is of utmost clinical and public health importance as pregnant women represent a potentially susceptible group due to the delicate balance of the feto-placental circulation, rapid fetal development and tremendous physiological adaptations to the maternal cardiorespiratory system during pregnancy. Several meta-analyses including up to 4 245 170 participants provide robust evidence that air pollutants, including particulate matter, nitrogen oxides and others, have adverse effects on the development of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular events during labour. Potential underlying biological mechanisms include oxidative stress with subsequent endothelial dysfunction and vascular inflammation, β-cell dysfunction and epigenetic changes. Endothelial dysfunction can lead to hypertension by impairing vasodilatation and promoting vasoconstriction. Air pollution and the consequent oxidative stress can additionally accelerate β-cell dysfunction, which in turn triggers insulin resistance leading to gestational diabetes mellitus. Epigenetic changes in placental and mitochondrial DNA following air pollution exposures can lead to altered gene expression and contribute to placental dysfunction and induction of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. The maternal and fetal consequences of such cardiovascular and cardiometabolic disease during pregnancy can be serious and long lasting, including preterm birth, increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus or cardiovascular disease later in life. Acceleration of efforts to reduce air pollution is therefore urgently needed to realise the full health benefits for pregnant mothers and their children.  © 2023 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Poor glucose control and markers of placental dysfunction correlate with increased circulating fetal microchimerism in diabetic pregnancies; Fetal microchimerism (FMc) arises during pregnancy as fetal cells enter maternal circulation and remain decades postpartum. Circulating FMc is increased in preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, and as we recently showed, is associated with biomarkers of placental dysfunction in normotensive term pregnancies. Diabetes mellitus (DM) also correlates with placental dysfunction. We hypothesize that poor glucose control and markers of placental dysfunction are associated with increased circulating FMc in diabetic pregnancies. We included 122 pregnancies preceding active labor (pregestational DM, n = 77, gestational DM (GDM), n = 45) between 2001 and 2017. Maternal and fetal samples were genotyped for various human leukocyte antigen (HLA) loci, and other polymorphisms to identify fetus-specific alleles. We used validated polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assays to quantify FMc in maternal peripheral blood buffy coat. Negative binomial regression with adjustment for confounders was used to assess FMc quantity. In pregestational DM, increased circulating FMc correlated with elevation of HbA1c (≥ 6.0 %) (detection rate ratio (DRR) = 4.9, p = 0.010) and a 1000 pg/mL rise in the anti-angiogenic biomarker soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 (sFlt-1) (DRR = 1.1, p = 0.011). In GDM, increased FMc correlated with elevated 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test results (DRR = 2.3, p = 0.046) and birthweight < 10th or > 90th percentile (DRR = 4.2, p = 0.049). These findings support our novel hypothesis that FMc correlates with poor glucose control and various aspects of placental dysfunction in DM. Whether increased FMc in pregnancies with poor glucose control and placental dysfunction contributes to the risk of preeclampsia in diabetic pregnancies and to the increased risk of chronic cardiovascular disease later in life remains to be investigated. © 2023 The Authors
Uptake of the core outcome set on polycystic ovary syndrome before and after its publication; STUDY QUESTION: Does the core outcome set (COS) on polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) impact the selection of research outcomes? SUMMARY ANSWER: Following the publication of the COS on PCOS, an increasing number of trials are reporting both the generic domain and body mass index; however, the uptake of this COS has not been as extensive as expected. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: The COS on PCOS included 33 core outcomes in the following seven domains: the generic (3), metabolic (8), reproductive (7), pregnancy (10), psychological (3), oncological (1), and long-term (1). This was done to improve consistency in outcome selection and definition. However, thus far, no studies have investigated the effectiveness of this COS in the above-mentioned tasks. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: A methodological study based on the trial registries, including 395 eligible clinical trials registered between 1 January 2018 and 21 September 2022. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: A total of 1258 registered clinical studies on PCOS were retrieved from the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform. Of those, 395 were selected according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria, and divided into two groups based on the publication date of the COS on PCOS (4 February 2020): pre-publication and post-publication. The practical uptake of this COS was explored after data collation, assessment, comparison of the uptake of core outcomes or domains before and after the publication of this COS, and correlation analysis between the domains. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: There were 26 out of 33 core outcomes and five out of seven domains reported in the 395 trials. The highest uptake was observed for the reproductive domain and the reproductive hormonal profile (63.0% and 38.7%, respectively). After the publication of the COS on PCOS, the uptake of the generic domain and body mass index increased from 24.1% to 35.8% (P = 0.011) and 17.8% to 26.5% (P = 0.039), respectively. The total number of reported core outcomes in the generic domain met statistical significance (P = 0.012). Moreover, multivariable analyses still supported the above finding in the generic domain. Correlation analysis showed that most of the domains were positively correlated with each other. However, the pregnancy domain was negatively correlated with the metabolic domain. Reasons responsible for the unsatisfactory uptake may be the absence of specific definitions of core outcomes, as well as the lack of awareness among researchers regarding this COS. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Due to the lack of standardized definition of outcomes, it was difficult to avoid some subjectivity in the process of consistency assessment. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Two years after its publication, there was no substantial improvement in the uptake of the COS on PCOS. This suggests that this COS may require further revision, refinement, and promotion to improve the comparability of PCOS studies. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This work was funded by Beijing Municipal Health Science and Technology Achievements and Appropriate Technology Promotion Project (BHTPP2022069), and the special fund of Beijing Key Clinical Specialty Construction Project. The authors do not have conflicts of interest to declare. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.  © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology.
Sterile inflammation and the NLRP3 inflammasome in cardiometabolic disease; Inflammation plays an important role in the pathophysiology of cardiometabolic diseases. Sterile inflammation, a non-infectious and damage-associated molecular pattern (DAMP)-induced innate response, is now well-established to be closely associated with development and progression of cardiometabolic diseases. The NOD-like receptor (NLR) family pyrin domain-containing 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome is well-established as a major player in sterile inflammatory responses. It is a multimeric cytosolic protein complex which regulates the activation of caspase-1 and subsequently promotes cleavage and release of interleukin (IL)-1 family cytokines, which have a deleterious impact on the development of cardiometabolic diseases. Therefore, targeting NLRP3 itself or the downstream consequences of NLRP3 activation represent excellent potential therapeutic targets in inflammatory cardiometabolic diseases. Here, we review our current understanding of the role which NLRP3 inflammasome regulation plays in cardiometabolic diseases such as obesity, diabetes, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), atherosclerosis, ischemic heart disease and cardiomyopathy. Finally, we highlight the potential of targeting NLPR3 or related signaling molecules as a therapeutic approach. © 2023 The Authors
Investigating the relationship between the serum fat level of pregnant mothers and the birth weight of the fetus: a brief report; Background: birth weight is associated with neonatal mortality and morbidity .In recent studies, fetal growth is related to the risk of developing type two diabetes and cardiovascular disease in later life. The mother’s nutrition and metabolism are major determinants of fetal growth. Some complications of low birth weight are hypocalcemia, hypoglycemia, intrauterine death. Any substance or hormone that can cross the placenta may affect the fetal growth and birth weight, including the maternal lipid during pregnancy. The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on neonatal birth weight has been documented. Lipids and amino acids usually are not considered in the clinical management of pregnancy because there is less known about the role of these nutrients in the well-being of the pregnancy. This study aimed to determine the relationship between levels of serum lipids in pregnancy and fetal birth weight. Methods: This descriptive cross-sectional study was performed on 170 pregnant women referred to Kerman medical university clinics in Iran from March 2019 to April 2020. After explaining the objectives of the study and gaining informed consent from the individuals, the maternal lipid profile during the first trimester of pregnancy, was measured within the first visit through a sample taken from the maternal blood. Pregnant women were monitored during pregnancy, and the variables were measured (Age, BMI, weight, frequency of pregnancy, weight gain in pregnancy, lipid and blood glucose profiles). The results of the samples were analyzed using SPSS software, version 20 (IBM SPSS, Armonk, NY, USA). Results: The results indicated that the newborn weight increases with an increment in the maternal blood cholesterol (P=0.001) and triglyceride (P=0.001) levels. In addition, it was found that the increasing HDL (P=0.867) and LDL (P=0.803) levels of the pregnant women’s blood, does not lead to the birth weight increase of the infants. Conclusion: Results of our study generally indicate that triglyceride and cholesterol levels are related to fetal birth weight. Studies with high sample sizes are recommended to investigate all neonatal weight gain variables. Copyright © 2023 Mokhtari et al.
Maternal and Child Health, Non-Communicable Diseases and Metabolites; Mothers influence the health and disease trajectories of their children, particularly during the critical developmental windows of fetal and neonatal life reflecting the gestational–fetal and lactational–neonatal phases. As children grow and develop, they are exposed to various stimuli and insults, such as metabolites, that shape their physiology and metabolism to impact their health. Non-communicable diseases, such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease, cancer and mental illness, have high global prevalence and are increasing in incidence. Non-communicable diseases often overlap with maternal and child health. The maternal milieu shapes progeny outcomes, and some diseases, such as gestational diabetes and preeclampsia, have gestational origins. Metabolite aberrations occur from diets and physiological changes. Differential metabolite profiles can predict the onset of non-communicable diseases and therefore inform prevention and/or better treatment. In mothers and children, understanding the metabolite influence on health and disease can provide insights for maintaining maternal physiology and sustaining optimal progeny health over the life course. The role and interplay of metabolites on physiological systems and signaling pathways in shaping health and disease present opportunities for biomarker discovery and identifying novel therapeutic agents, particularly in the context of maternal and child health, and non-communicable diseases. © 2023 by the author.
A comparison in women with newly diagnosed diabetes between those with and without a history of gestational diabetes: a new perspective; Aims: Previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) entails increased risk of future diabetes. We describe the characteristics of women with previous GDM and compare with no previous GDM from the cohort Diabetes in Kalmar and Kronoberg (DKK) of 1248 adults, 40% women, with new diabetes, and factors affecting age and C-peptide levels at diagnosis of diabetes. Methods: Age-at-diagnosis of diabetes, BMI, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, smoking, physical activity, and pre-existing myocardial infarction, stroke, or peripheral arterial insufficiency were registered at ordinary care visits close to diagnosis of diabetes, for the 43 women (9.4% of 456 from DKK with complete data for this analysis) with self-reported previous GDM (yes/no) and 86 controls without it, matched for date of diagnosis of diabetes. Blood samples were centrally analyzed for GADA and C-peptide for classification of diabetes. Results: Women with previous GDM had lower mean age-at-diagnosis of diabetes, 53.4 vs 65.0 years, lower systolic blood pressure (SBP), 131.2 vs 137.5 mmHg, and fewer had pre-existing hypertension than without previous GDM (p < 0.001–0.05). Among antibody negative women with previous GDM, BMI (p = 0.024), hypertension (p = 0.023) and hyperlipidemia (p < 0.001) were associated with higher levels of C-peptide, while physical activity was inversely associated (p = 0.035), and SBP (p = 0.02) and hypertension (p = 0.016) were associated with age-at-diagnosis of diabetes. Conclusions: Women with previous GDM were a decade younger and had lower prevalence of hypertension at diagnosis of diabetes; C-peptide levels were associated with BMI, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia and showed a tendency to be lower, possibly indicating a phenotype with higher risk of overt cardiovascular disease later in life. © 2023, The Author(s).
Feto maternal outcome in patients with peripartum cardiomyopathy in a tertiary care centre in Kashmir; Background: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) or postpartum cardiomyopathy is an uncommon form of heart failure that occurs during the last month of pregnancy or up to 5 months postpartum. The exact incidence is uncertain perhaps due to the misdiagnosis of this entity. The aim of the study was to understand the clinical profile, risk factors and management of the patients with PPCM and their fetomaternal outcome. Methods: This prospective observational study was conducted in the Department of Obstetrics and Gyneacology Government Medical College Srinagar over a period of 30 months between October 2019 to April 2022.The study included women who had features of heart failure in the last 6 weeks of pregnancy or 5 months postpartum, with absence of other identifiable causes of heart failure or absence of features of heart failure prior to the last month of pregnancy and absence of left ventricular dysfunction prior to this. Results: Most of our patients were multigravid as with a mean age of 31years.14 out of 22 cases presented with complaints of dyspnea. 63% of patients had ejection fraction between 26-35%. Hypertension was present as a risk factor in 45.4% cases. Maternal Mortality was 5out of 22 patients and Neonatal Mortality was 2 out of 22 cases. Conclusion: Our prospective cohort study concluded that the maternal outcome was poor in cases with decreased ejection fraction and severe symptoms. Early identification and management of the disease is a crucial step for improvising the feto-maternal outcome. An integral slant comprising of the cardiologist, intensivist, obstetrician and perinatologist is required for a successful fetomaternal outcome. © 2023 JK Practitioner. All rights reserved.
Long-term Outcomes Associated With Post-kidney Donation Pregnancy Complications; Background. Kidney donors have increased risk of postdonation gestational hypertension (gHTN) and preeclampsia. In the general population, pregnancy complications are associated with long-term maternal risk. However, little data exist on whether donors with postdonation pregnancy-related complications have similar increased long-term risks. We studied whether postdonation gHTN, preeclampsia/eclampsia, or gestational diabetes (gDM) was associated with increased risk of developing hypertension, DM, cardiovascular disease, or estimated glomerular filtration rate <45 mL/min/1.73 m2. Methods. Postdonation pregnancies with complications were matched to pregnancies without complications based on time from donation. Incidence of outcomes was compared using sequential Cox regression with robust standard errors. Donors with predonation pregnancy complications were excluded. Models were adjusted for age at pregnancy, gravidity, year of donation, and family history of hypertension, DM, and heart disease. Results. Of the 384 donors with postdonation pregnancies (median [quartiles] follow-up of 27.0 [14.2-36.2] y after donation), 39 experienced preeclampsia/eclampsia, 29 gHTN without preeclampsia, and 17 gDM. Median interval from donation to first pregnancy with preeclampsia was 5.1 (2.9-8.6) y; for gHTN, 3.7 (1.9-7.8) y; and for gDM, 7.3 (3.7-10.3) y. Preeclampsia/eclampsia (hazard ratio [HR] 2.70; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.53-4.77) and gHTN (HR 2.39; 95% CI, 1.24-4.60) were associated with development of hypertension. Preeclampsia/eclampsia (HR 2.15; 95% CI, 1.11-4.16) and gDM (HR 5.60; 95% CI, 1.41-22.15) were associated with development of DM. Pregnancy-related complications were not associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease or estimated glomerular filtration rate <45 mL/min/1.73 m2. Conclusions. In our single-center study, postdonation preeclampsia, gHTN, or gDM was associated with long-term risk of hypertension or DM. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Exploring the Potential of Nanotechnology in Pediatric Healthcare: Advances, Challenges, and Future Directions; The utilization of nanotechnology has brought about notable advancements in the field of pediatric medicine, providing novel approaches for drug delivery, disease diagnosis, and tissue engineering. Nanotechnology involves the manipulation of materials at the nanoscale, resulting in improved drug effectiveness and decreased toxicity. Numerous nanosystems, including nanoparticles, nanocapsules, and nanotubes, have been explored for their therapeutic potential in addressing pediatric diseases such as HIV, leukemia, and neuroblastoma. Nanotechnology has also shown promise in enhancing disease diagnosis accuracy, drug availability, and overcoming the blood–brain barrier obstacle in treating medulloblastoma. It is important to acknowledge that while nanotechnology offers significant opportunities, there are inherent risks and limitations associated with the use of nanoparticles. This review provides a comprehensive summary of the existing literature on nanotechnology in pediatric medicine, highlighting its potential to revolutionize pediatric healthcare while also recognizing the challenges and limitations that need to be addressed. © 2023 by the authors.
Maternal obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus, and diet in association with neurodevelopment of 2-year-old children; Background: Maternal metabolic disturbances and diet may influence long-term infantile neurodevelopment. We investigated whether maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), obesity, and diet could affect the neurodevelopment of 2-year-old children. Methods: Neurodevelopment of children (n = 243) born to mothers with overweight or obesity was assessed with the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development–Third Edition, and the Hammersmith Infant Neurological Examination. Maternal adiposity was determined by air displacement plethysmography, and GDM with an oral glucose tolerance test. Dietary assessment included diet quality and fish consumption questionnaires, and three-day food diaries, from which dietary inflammatory index (DII®) scores were computed. Results: GDM was associated with weaker expressive language skills (adj.β = −1.12, 95% CI = −2.10;−0.15), and higher maternal adiposity with weaker cognitive, language, and motor skills in children (adj.p < 0.05). Maternal good dietary quality (adj.β = 0.87, 95% CI = 0.004;1.73) and higher fish consumption (adj.p = 0.02) were related to better expressive language skills. DII scores were not associated with children’s neurodevelopment. Conclusions: Findings suggest that GDM and higher maternal adiposity may lead to weaker neurodevelopmental skills, although still within the mean normative range in this population of children. Good dietary quality and higher fish consumption during pregnancy could benefit a child’s language development. Impact: Gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal higher adiposity may have unfavorable effects on a 2-year-old child’s neurodevelopment.An overall good quality of diet and higher fish consumption during pregnancy may result in more favorable cognitive and language skills when the child is 2-year-old.Our findings reveal that women with overweight or obesity, a risk group for pregnancy complications, could benefit from dietary counseling to support their children’s neurodevelopment. © 2023, The Author(s).
The Contribution across Three Generations of Mercury Exposure to Attempted Suicide among Children and Youth in Grassy Narrows First Nation, Canada: An Intergenerational Analysis; BACKGROUND: For 60 y, the people of Asubpeeschoseewagong Anishinabek (Grassy Narrows First Nation) have endured the effects of massive mercury (Hg) contamination of their river system, central to their traditions, culture, livelihood, and diet. In the years following the Hg discharge into the English–Wabigoon River system by a chloralkali plant in the early 1970s, there was a dramatic increase in youth suicides. Several authors attributed this increase solely to social disruption caused by the disaster. OBJECTIVE: This research examined the possible contribution of Hg exposure across three generations on attempted suicides among today’s children (5–11 y old) and youth (12–17 y old), using a matrilineal intergenerational paradigm. METHODS: Information from the 2016–2017 Grassy Narrows Community Health Assessment (GN-CHA) survey was merged with Hg biomonitoring data from government surveillance programs (1970–1997). Data from 162 children/youth (5–17 years of age), whose mothers (n = 80) had provided information on themselves, their parents, and children, were retained for analyses. Direct and indirect indicators of Hg exposure included a) grand-father had worked as a fishing guide, and b) mother’s measured and estimated umbilical cord blood and childhood hair Hg and her fish consumption during pregnancy with this child. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to examine significant links from grandparents (G0) to mothers’ exposure and mental health (G1) and children/youth (G2) risk for attempted suicide. RESULTS: Mothers’ (G1) median age was 33 y, 86.3% of grandmothers (G0) had lived in Grassy Narrows territory during their pregnancy, and 52.5% of grandfathers (G0) had worked as fishing guides. Sixty percent of children (G2) were <12 years of age. Mothers reported that among teenagers (G2: 12–17 years of age), 41.2% of girls and 10.7% of boys had ever attempted suicide. The SEM suggested two pathways that significantly linked grandparents (G0) to children’s (G2) attempted suicides: a) through mothers’ (G1) prenatal and childhood Hg exposure and psychological distress, and b) through maternal fish consumption during pregnancy (G1/G2), which is an important contributor to children’s emotional state and behavior. © 2023, Public Health Services, US Dept of Health and Human Services. All rights reserved.
Cardiorespiratory Monitoring Data to Predict Respiratory Outcomes in Extremely Preterm Infants; Rationale: Immature control of breathing is associated with apnea, periodic breathing, intermittent hypoxemia, and bradycardia in extremely preterm infants. However, it is not clear if such events independently predict worse respiratory outcome. Objectives: To determine if analysis of cardiorespiratory monitoring data can predict unfavorable respiratory outcomes at 40 weeks postmenstrual age (PMA) and other outcomes, such as bronchopulmonary dysplasia at 36 weeks PMA. Methods: The Prematurity-related Ventilatory Control (PreVent) study was an observational multicenter prospective cohort study including infants born at,29 weeks of gestation with continuous cardiorespiratory monitoring. The primary outcome was either “favorable” (alive and previously discharged or inpatient and off respiratory medications/O2/support at 40 wk PMA) or “unfavorable” (either deceased or inpatient/previously discharged on respiratory medications/O2/support at 40 wk PMA). Measurements and Main Results: A total of 717 infants were evaluated (median birth weight, 850 g; gestation, 26.4 wk), 53.7% of whom had a favorable outcome and 46.3% of whom had an unfavorable outcome. Physiologic data predicted unfavorable outcome, with accuracy improving with advancing age (area under the curve, 0.79 at Day 7, 0.85 at Day 28 and 32 wk PMA). The physiologic variable that contributed most to prediction was intermittent hypoxemia with oxygen saturation as measured by pulse oximetry,90%. Models with clinical data alone or combining physiologic and clinical data also had good accuracy, with areas under the curve of 0.84–0.85 at Days 7 and 14 and 0.86–0.88 at Day 28 and 32 weeks PMA. Intermittent hypoxemia with oxygen saturation as measured by pulse oximetry,80% was the major physiologic predictor of severe bronchopulmonary dysplasia and death or mechanical ventilation at 40 weeks PMA. Conclusions: Physiologic data are independently associated with unfavorable respiratory outcome in extremely preterm infants. © 2023 by the American Thoracic Society.
Maternal glucose levels and future risk of developing cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis protocol; Introduction Hyperglycaemia during pregnancy has been considered as one of the risk factors for cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) among women. Although the evidence regarding the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and subsequent CVD has been synthesised, there are no systematic reviews covering the evidence of the association among the non-GDM population. This systematic review and meta-analysis, therefore, aim to fill the gap by summarising existing evidence on the association between maternal glucose levels and the risk of future CVD in pregnant women with or without a diagnosis of GDM. Methods and analysis This systematic review protocol was reported following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis Protocols guidelines. Comprehensive literature searches were performed in the following electronic databases: MEDLINE, EMBASE and CINAHL to identify relevant papers from inception to 31 December 2022. All observational studies (case-control studies, cohort studies and cross-sectional studies) will be included. Two reviewers will perform the abstract and full-text screening based on the eligibility criteria through Covidence. The Newcastle-Ottawa Scale will be used to assess the methodological quality of included studies. Statistical heterogeneity will be assessed by using the I 2 test and Cochrane's Q test. If the included studies are found to be homogeneous, pooled estimates will be calculated and meta-analysis will be performed using Review Manager 5 (RevMan) software. Random effects will be used to determine weights for meta-analysis, if needed. Pre-specified subgroup analysis and sensitivity analysis will be performed, if needed. The study results will be presented in the sequence of main outcomes, secondary outcomes and important subgroup analysis for each type of glucose level separately. Ethics and dissemination Given no original data will be collected, ethics approval is not applicable for this review. The results of this review will be disseminated by publication and conference presentation. PROSPERO registration number CRD42022363037.  © 2023 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Role of metformin in the management of type 2 diabetes: recent advances; Metformin is one of the oldest antidiabetic medications, commonly used in the management of type 2 diabetes. Its mechanism of action is based on reducing glucose production in the liver, decreasing insulin resistance, and increasing insulin sensitivity. The drug has been studied extensively and has been shown to be effective in lowering blood glucose levels without increasing the risk of hypoglycemia. It has been used for the treatment of obesity, gestational diabetes, and polycystic ovary syndrome. According to current guidelines, metformin can be used as the first-line agent in the management of diabetes; however, in individuals with type 2 diabetes who would benefit from cardio-renal protection, newer agents, such as sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors and glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists, are favored as the first-line therapy. The novel classes of antidiabetic medications have demonstrated significant positive effects on glycemia with added benefits in patients with obesity, renal disease, heart failure, and cardiovascular disease. The emergence of these more effective agents has significantly altered the way diabetes is managed, thus prompting re-evaluation of metformin as the initial therapy for all patients with diabetes. Copyright by the Author(s), 2023.
Personalized Medicine of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Depression Treatment in Obese and Metabolically Dysregulated Patients; The co-occurrence of depression and obesity has become a significant public health concern worldwide. Recent studies have shown that metabolic dysfunction, which is commonly observed in obese individuals and is characterized by inflammation, insulin resistance, leptin resistance, and hypertension, is a critical risk factor for depression. This dysfunction may induce structural and functional changes in the brain, ultimately contributing to depression’s development. Given that obesity and depression mutually increase each other’s risk of development by 50–60%, there is a need for effective interventions that address both conditions. The comorbidity of depression with obesity and metabolic dysregulation is thought to be related to chronic low-grade inflammation, characterized by increased circulating levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines and C-reactive protein (CRP). As pharmacotherapy fails in at least 30–40% of cases to adequately treat major depressive disorder, a nutritional approach is emerging as a promising alternative. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) are a promising dietary intervention that can reduce inflammatory biomarkers, particularly in patients with high levels of inflammation, including pregnant women with gestational diabetes, patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, and overweight individuals with major depressive disorder. Further efforts directed at implementing these strategies in clinical practice could contribute to improved outcomes in patients with depression, comorbid obesity, and/or metabolic dysregulation. © 2023 by the authors.
Comparison of Stroke Recurrence, Cardiovascular Events, and Death among Patients with Pregnancy-Associated vs Non-Pregnancy-Associated Stroke; Importance: Women with pregnancy-associated stroke might have different risks of stroke recurrence, including during subsequent pregnancies, and other cardiovascular events due to pregnancy-specific stroke risk factors, such as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, or gestational diabetes. Objective: To estimate the rate of stroke recurrence, cardiovascular hospitalization, and death in women with pregnancy-associated stroke compared with women with non-pregnancy-associated stroke. Design, Setting, and Participants: This cohort study included all women aged 15 to 49 years in France who were affiliated with the general scheme of French health care insurance (94% of women) and had a first hospitalization for stroke between January 1, 2010, and December 31, 2018. Women were followed up until December 31, 2020, with the registration of stroke recurrence, hospitalization for cardiovascular conditions, and death. Data were from the French health care database Système National des Données de Santé. Statistical analyses were conducted between December 2021 and September 2022. Exposure: Pregnancy status at the time of stroke. Main Outcomes and Measures: Poisson regressions were used to estimate incidence rates of these events with 95% CIs. We used Cox proportional hazards regression models to estimate the hazard ratios (HRs) of each event during the follow-up for women with a pregnancy-associated stroke vs women with a non-pregnancy-associated stroke. Results: Among women aged between 15 and 49 years between 2010 and 2018 and living in France, 1204 had a pregnancy-associated stroke at a mean (SD) age of 31.5 (5.8) years, and 31697 had a non-pregnancy-associated stroke at a mean age of 39.6 (8.2) years. Among the 1204 women with a pregnancy-associated stroke, the incidence rate was 11.4 (95% CI, 9.0-14.3) per 1000 person-years, with 2 recurrent events during a subsequent pregnancy. Compared with women with non-pregnancy-associated stroke, women with pregnancy-associated stroke had lower risks of ischemic stroke (adjusted HR, 0.53; 95% CI, 0.36-0.77), cardiovascular events (adjusted HR, 0.58; 95% CI, 0.49-0.69), and death (adjusted HR, 0.42; 95% CI, 0.22-0.79). In contrast, the risk of recurrent intracerebral hemorrhage and cerebral venous thrombosis did not differ significantly, whereas the risks of venous thromboembolism (HR, 2.02; 95% CI, 1.14-3.58) and acute coronary syndrome with ST-segment elevation (HR, 3.93; 95% CI, 1.10-14.0) were increased. Conclusions and Relevance: In this cohort study, although the risks of ischemic stroke, overall cardiovascular events, and mortality were lower after a pregnancy-associated stroke than after a non-pregnancy-associated stroke, the risks of venous thromboembolism and acute coronary syndrome with ST-segment elevation were higher. Recurrent stroke during a subsequent pregnancy remained rare. © 2023 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Incidence of Heart Failure Related to Co-Occurrence of Gestational Hypertensive Disorders and Gestational Diabetes; Background: The extent to which their co-occurrence of gestational hypertensive disorders (GHTD) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) influences heart failure (HF) risk is unclear. Objectives: The purpose of this study was to characterize the risk of HF related to concomitant GHTD and GDM. Methods: We conducted a population-based cohort study using the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care of Ontario (Canada) health care administrative databases. We included women with a livebirth singleton delivery between July 1, 2007, and March 31, 2018, and excluded those with prepregnancy diabetes, hypertension, HF, or coronary artery disease. GDM, GHTD, peripartum cardiomyopathy (at index pregnancy) were identified using diagnosis coding. Incident HF was assessed from index pregnancy until March 31, 2020. We estimated associations of GDM and/or GHTD with peripartum cardiomyopathy and incident HF. Results: Among 885,873 women (mean age: 30 years, 54,015 with isolated GDM, 43,750 with isolated GHTD, 4,960 with GDM and GHTD), there were 489 HF events over 8 years. Compared to no-GDM and no-GHTD, isolated GDM (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR]: 1.44; 95% CI: 1.02-2.04) and isolated GHTD (aHR: 1.65; 95% CI: 1.17-2.31) were associated with a higher risk of incident HF. The co-occurrence of GDM and GHTD was associated with a higher HF risk (aHR: 2.64; 95% CI: 1.24-5.61). GDM and GHTD increased the risk of peripartum cardiomyopathy (adjusted risk ratio [aRR]: 7.30; 95% CI: 6.92-7.58), similarly to isolated GHTD (aRR: 7.40; 95% CI: 7.23-7.58). Conclusions: The co-occurrence of GDM and GHTD was associated with a significantly high risk of incident HF. © 2023 The Authors
Intrapartum Atosiban Treatment During Tachysystole and Non-reassuring Fetal Monitoring: A Retrospective Cohort Study; Background: Uterine tachysystole during labor can lead to a decrease in fetal oxygen saturation and intracerebral oxygen saturation. Acute tocolysis using atosiban can inhibit uterine smooth muscle activity, potentially improving fetal status and facilitating vaginal delivery or allowing time to prepare for operative delivery. Objectives: To compare maternal and neonatal outcomes in cesarean and vaginal deliveries following atosiban administration during fetal prolonged deceleration and tachysystole at gestational age 37 0/7 to 43 0/7 weeks. Methods: We conducted a single-center, descriptive retrospective cohort study at a large tertiary referral center. Results: Of the 275 patients treated with atosiban, 186 (68%) delivered vaginally (either spontaneous delivery or instrumental delivery) and 89 (32%) underwent a cesarean delivery. In a univariate analysis, cesarean delivery was associated with higher body mass index (27.9 ± 4.3 vs. 30.2 ± 4.8, P = 0.003). Second stage atosiban administration was associated with vaginal delivery (89.3% vs. 10.7%, P = 0.01). Cesarean delivery was associated with lower Apgar at 1 and 5 minutes and a higher rate of neonatal intensive care unit admissions. The incidence of PPH among women treated with atosiban in our study (2.3-4.3%) was higher than the incidence reported in the literature (1-3%) Conclusions: Atosiban may be an effective acute intervention for non-reassuring fetal heart rate during tachysystole, increasing the rate of vaginal delivery and potentially reducing the need for cesarean delivery. However, the potential risk of postpartum hemorrhage should be taken into consideration. © 2023 Israel Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Health Experiences of African American Mothers, Wellness in the Postpartum Period and Beyond (HEAL): A Qualitative Study Applying a Critical Race Feminist Theoretical Framework; The objective of this study is to explore the cultural, social, and historical factors that affect postpartum primary care utilization among Black women with cardiometabolic risk factors and to identify the needs, barriers, and facilitators that are associated with it. We conducted in-depth interviews of 18 Black women with one or more cardiometabolic complications (pre-pregnancy chronic hypertension, diabetes, obesity, preeclampsia, or gestational diabetes) within one year of delivery. We recruited women from three early home-visiting programs in Baltimore, Maryland, between May 2020 and June 2021. We used Critical Race Feminism theory and a behavioral model for healthcare utilization as an analytical lens to develop a codebook and code interview transcripts. We identified and summarized emergent patterns and themes using textual and thematic analysis. We categorized our findings into six main themes: (1) The enduring influence of structural racism, (2) personally mediated racism in healthcare and beyond, (3) sociocultural beliefs about preventative healthcare, (4) barriers to postpartum care transitions, such as education and multidisciplinary communication, (5) facilitators of postpartum care transitions, such as patient–provider relationships and continuity of care, and (6) postpartum health and healthcare needs, such as mental health and social support. Critical race feminism provides a valuable lens for exploring drivers of postpartum primary care utilization while considering the intersectional experiences of Black women. © 2023 by the authors.
Short-Term Outcomes of Singleton Newborns Born to Very Advanced Age Mothers—A Case Control Study in a Single Maternity and Neonatal Center in Israel; Background: Increasing rates of very advanced maternal age (VAMA, 45 years of age and older) are reported worldwide. Data are available on maternal pregnancy-related morbidity, but they are lacking on the infants’ overall post-partum well-being, including congenital malformations, neonatal complications, and breastfeeding status. Methods: We conducted a retrospective review during the period of 7 years (January 2013 to December 2019). Clinical data recorded in the medical files of 626 VAMA mothers and their singleton newborns in comparison to matched controls comprised advanced maternal age (AMA) mothers and mothers between 20 and 35 years of age. Univariate and multivariate analysis of the data was performed. Results: The infants were significantly less exclusively breastfed during hospitalization (17.4% vs 33.9% and 32.1%, respectively, P <.001). The rate of early transient hypoglycemia was also significantly higher among the newborns of VAMA mothers compared to the AMA and younger-aged mothers (14.7% vs 11.8% and 7%, respectively, P <.001), as was special care unit hospitalization (18.7% vs 15.5% and 13.3%, respectively, P =.03). There was no difference in any other analyzed parameters. Conclusions: Newborns of VAMA mothers are less likely to be exclusively breastfed during hospitalization. They do not exhibit significantly increased major neonatal morbidities, but are more likely to sustain hypoglycemia and neonatal caregivers should be alert to the possibility of newborn early transient hypoglycemia. In an era of growing evidence of the beneficial impact of breast milk on development and immunization, VAMA mothers should be guided and encouraged to breastfed their newborns. © 2023 National Neonatology Forum.
Association of a Remote Blood Pressure Monitoring Program With Postpartum Adverse Outcomes; OBJECTIVE:To use administrative claims data to evaluate the association of a remote blood pressure monitoring program with adverse postpartum clinical outcomes in patients with a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy.METHODS:This was a retrospective cohort study of Independence Blue Cross members with a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy diagnosis across three obstetric hospitals from 2017 to 2021. Patients who were enrolled in twice-daily text-based blood pressure monitoring for 10 days postpartum were compared with two propensity-score matched cohorts of patients who met the program criteria: an asynchronous cohort (cohort A), consisting of patients at any of the three participating hospitals before remote monitoring program implementation, and a contemporaneous cohort (cohort C), consisting of patients at other hospitals during the same time period as clinical use of the program. Patients with less than 16 months of continuous insurance enrollment before delivery were excluded. Claims for adverse clinical outcomes after delivery discharge were evaluated. Health care service utilization and total medical costs were evaluated.RESULTS:The 1,700 patients in remote blood pressure monitoring program were matched to 1,021 patients in cohort A and 1,276 in cohort C. Within the first 6 months after delivery, patients enrolled in remote monitoring were less likely to have the composite adverse outcome than those in cohort A (2.9% vs 4.7%; OR 0.61, 95% CI 0.40-0.98). There was no statistically significant difference relative to cohort C (3.2% vs 4.5%; OR 0.71, 95% CI 0.47-1.07). The remote monitoring group had more cardiology visits and fewer postnatal emergency department (ED) visits and readmissions compared with both comparison cohorts. Reductions in ED visits and readmissions drove overall lower total medical costs for the program cohort.CONCLUSION:Patients enrolled in a remote blood pressure monitoring program were less likely to experience an adverse outcome in the first 6 months after delivery. Reductions in ED visits and readmissions resulted in lower postpartum total medical costs compared with both control cohorts. Broad implementation of evidence-based remote monitoring programs may reduce postpartum adverse outcomes, thereby reducing morbidity and mortality in populations such as the one studied here. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Effect of third trimester maternal vitamin D levels on placental weight to birth weight ratio in uncomplicated pregnancies; Objectives: Vitamin D has critical role for the fetal and placental development. Today, placental weight (PW), fetal birth weight (BW), and the PW/BW ratio are used as markers of fetal development. The aim of this study is to evaluate the relationship between vitamin D levels and these markers in uncomplicated pregnancies. Methods: This study included 108 women with uncomplicated pregnancies, defined as full-term and healthy pregnancies without perinatal complications. Vitamin D levels <12 ng/mL were classified as deficient, 12-20 ng/mL as insufficient, and >20 ng/mL as normal. Postnatal BW and PW were compared according to maternal serum vitamin D levels. Results: Maternal age, maternal height, maternal weight, body mass index, nulliparity, gestational age at delivery, mode of delivery, and fetal gender were similar between groups. Postnatal BW, PW, fetal height at birth, and fetal head circumference parameters were similar between the groups. The PW/BW ratio was 21.77±2.20 in the vitamin D deficient group, 21.20±2.40 in the insufficient group, and 19.98±2.37 in the normal group (p=0.012). In addition, there was a significant negative correlation between vitamin D level and the PW/BW ratio (p=0.012, r=0.031). Conclusions: Our results indicated that PW/BW ratio which is the marker for prediction adverse perinatal outcomes were significantly increased in the presence of vitamin D deficiency and insufficiency.  © 2022 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Conservative Treatment of Fetal Goitrous Hypothyroidism Due to Thyroglobulin Mutations: A Case Report and Literature Review; With the advances in fetal medicine, there will be more cases of congenital hypothyroidism (CH) diagnosed in the fetal period. However, there is no consensus on the management protocol. We present a successful case of conservatively managed fetal goitrous hypothyroidism due to compound heterozygous TG mutations. Goiter was observed in a fetus at 23 weeks of gestation. Because there was no evidence of transplacental passage of antithyroid antibody and drugs, iodine overload, and iodine deficiency, the fetus was highly suspected to have CH. Considering the potential risks of amniocentesis/cordocentesis, and lack of available parenteral levothyroxine in China, the fetus was closely monitored thereafter. A male neonate was delivered vaginally without complications at 39 weeks of gestation. We verified severe hypothyroidism in the infant and immediately initiated levothyroxine therapy. His growth and mental development were normal at the age of 8 month. Whole-exome sequencing showed that the neonate had two compound heterozygous mutations in the TG gene. We also performed a literature review of the prognosis of postnatal treatment of CH due to TG mutations and the result showed that postnatal treatment of CH due to TG mutations has a favorable prognosis. However, further prospective studies are warranted to verify this conclusion. © Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Resection of an immature intrapericardial teratoma from a premature neonate presenting as hydrops foetalis; Intrapericardial teratoma is a germ-cell tumor that typically arises from the base of the heart. This rare cardiac tumour is the second most common tumor diagnosed in fetuses and newborn. Although benign, it can be massive in size causing direct compression on the heart and associated with significant pericardial effusion resulting life-threatening complications such as cardiac tamponade, heart failure, foetal hydrops, and sudden death. Early antenatal diagnosis and surgical intervention improve the survival. We present a case of immature intrapericardial teratoma diagnosed at 25 weeks of gestation but required multiple foetal pericardiocentesis and premature delivery due to massive pericardial effusion. The importance of multidisciplinary team approach to ensure successful management was highlighted in this case report.  © The Author(s), 2022. Published by Cambridge University Press.
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS): Clinical features, risk factors, biomarkers, treatment, and therapeutic strategies; Among reproductive-age women, the most predominant reproductive-metabolic endocrinopathy is polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). It is of unknown etiology. Women with PCOS experience menstrual dysfunction, androgen overload, obesity, insulin resistance, diabetes and gestational diabetes mellitus, inflammation, endothelial dysfunctioning, cardiovascular disease (CVD), miscarriage, cancer, pre-eclampsia, and psychological problems all of which harm their quality of life. Many biomarkers of inflammation, endothelial dysfunctioning, reproductive and endocrine disorders, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular diseases were reported to be elevated in PCOS. Most notably inflammatory biomarkers like adipokines, chemokines, tumor necrosis factor (TNF-α), C-reactive protein (CRP), and several microRNAs (miRNAs) were reported to be related to the metabolic and reproductive disorders of PCOS. Many treatment strategies notably oral contraceptive pills (OCPs), metformin, thiazolidinediones, spironolactone, aromatase inhibitors, gonadotropins, laparoscopic ovarian drilling (LOD), and in vitro fertilization (IVF) are available for the treatment of PCOS. Strategies based on evidences are required to direct physicians in the effective management of PCOS. Current diagnostic criteria are still ambiguous, and patients with less serious non-classic phenotypes can go undetected. There is a need for developing more specific and effective strategies in its early diagnosis and prevention of associated morbidities. This chapter summarizes the several biomarkers and treatment aspects that can be taken into consideration currently in its management. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. All rights reserved.
Sex differences in type 2 diabetes; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus is increasing in both sexes, but men are usually diagnosed at a younger age and lower body fat mass than women. Worldwide, an estimated 17.7 million more men than women have diabetes mellitus. Women appear to bear a greater risk factor burden at the time of their type 2 diabetes diagnosis, especially obesity. Moreover, psychosocial stress might play a more prominent role in diabetes risk in women. Across their lifespan, women experience greater hormone fluctuations and body changes due to reproductive factors than men. Pregnancies can unmask pre-existing metabolic abnormalities, resulting in the diagnosis of gestational diabetes, which appears to be the most prominent risk factor for progression to type 2 diabetes in women. Additionally, menopause increases women’s cardiometabolic risk profile. Due to the progressive rise in obesity, there is a global increase in women with pregestational type 2 diabetes, often with inadequate preconceptual care. There are differences between men and women regarding type 2 diabetes and other cardiovascular risk factors with respect to comorbidities, the manifestation of complications and the initiation of and adherence to therapy. Women with type 2 diabetes show greater relative risk of CVD and mortality than men. Moreover, young women with type 2 diabetes are currently less likely than men to receive the treatment and CVD risk reduction recommended by guidelines. Current medical recommendations do not provide information on sex-specific or gender-sensitive prevention strategies and management. Thus, more research on sex differences, including the underlying mechanisms, is necessary to increase the evidence in the future. Nonetheless, intensified efforts to screen for glucose metabolism disorders and other cardiovascular risk factors, as well as the early establishment of prophylactic measures and aggressive risk management strategies, are still required for both men and women at increased risk of type 2 diabetes. In this narrative review we aim to summarise sex-specific clinical features and differences between women and men with type 2 diabetes into risk factors, screening, diagnosis, complications and treatment. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2023, The Author(s).
Survival of 2nd trimester pregnant patient and di-di twin on COVID-19 ECMO; A 35-year-old unvaccinated woman, pregnant with twins at 22 weeks and 5 days of gestation presented with worsening hypoxia, due to COVID-19 pneumonia (PNA) with acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). The patient was placed on V-V ECMO (veno-venous extracorporeal membrane oxygenation) and delivered twin babies by cesarean section (C-section) at 23 weeks and 5 days of gestation. The patient was successfully weaned off ECMO 42 days after initiation, and the twins were also extubated in NICU.  © The Author(s), published by EDP Sciences, 2023.
Ambulatory care for women with gestational diabetes in Germany: Gestational diabetes from the perspective of practices specializing in diabetes; Almost 60,000 pregnancies in Germany were affected by gestational diabetes in 2021 (about 1 in 13). Screening, diagnostics, therapy, and follow-up care require continuous good interdisciplinary communication between obstetric practices, practices specializing in diabetology, midwives, and maternity hospitals. Letters, e‑doctor’s letters, and insert sheets for the maternity pass can support this process. A healthy, specially adapted diet and sufficient exercise are the cornerstones of treatment. If the metabolic goals are not met with this, insulin treatment is indicated in coordination with the obstetric practice. Pregnant women with insulin treatment or unstable blood sugar levels should deliver their babies in maternity hospitals with a level 1 or 2 perinatal center. Breastfeeding has a positive effect not only on the child’s metabolic future, but also on the mother. Postpartum follow-up is key for primary prevention of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Despite various efforts to increase the proportion of mothers who take part in postpartum diabetes screening, only 40% appear to do so. The lifelong increased metabolic risk of mothers after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) must be considered in the aftercare and prevention strategy in gynecological and general practitioner practices. The GestDiNa_basic project examines the current GDM aftercare situation and develops components of a care model for patient-centered aftercare. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Medizin Verlag GmbH, ein Teil von Springer Nature.
Feasibility of a Postpartum Web- and Phone-Based Lifestyle Program for Women with a History of Preeclampsia or Gestational Diabetes: A Pilot Intervention Study; Background: Women with a history of preeclampsia (PE) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. Increased awareness of pregnancy complications as early warning signs for CVD has called for postpartum primordial prevention strategies. The aim of this study was to evaluate the feasibility of a postpartum web- and phone-based lifestyle program promoting healthy lifestyle behaviors to women after a pregnancy complicated by PE or GDM. Materials and Methods: Women with a validated history of PE or GDM were invited to participate in a nonrandomized pilot intervention study 3-12 months after delivery. The intervention was delivered over 6 months. All participants received tailored lifestyle counseling by a registered dietitian and access to information material on healthy lifestyle behaviors on the study's website. After inclusion, participants were invited to three study visits at baseline, 3 months, and 6 months. Feasibility outcomes included assessment of recruitment, retention, and acceptability. Secondary outcomes were changes in lifestyle behaviors and cardiovascular risk factors. Results: Of the 207 women invited, 44 were enrolled in the feasibility study and 40 women completed the intervention, corresponding to a recruitment rate of 21% and a retention rate of 91%. At the 3-month study visit, 94.6% of participants reported they had used the website. A total of 41.7% of the participants reported that they had achieved their personal goals during the intervention period. Conclusions: This study suggested the feasibility and potential acceptability of a web- and phone-based lifestyle intervention for mothers with recent PE or GDM.  © Julie Horn et al., 2023; Published by Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Prevalence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, associated factors and pregnancy complications in a primigravida population; Background: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are among obstetrics' most intriguing and yet unsolved problems. It is one of the major causes of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. This study estimates the prevalence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, their associated risk factors and pregnancy complications in primiparous women. Methods: All primigravida who gave birth in our hospital from December 2020 to December 2021 were included in the study. The prevalence, risk factors, mode of delivery, and maternal and fetal outcomes of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in primigravidae were collected from the patient's medical records. Statistical analysis was done using the SPSS 18.0 software package. The Chi-square test was used to analyse the association between the risk factors and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in primigravida. Results: A total of 807 women were included in the study, and the mean age was 26.34 ​± ​3.84 years. The prevalence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in primigravidae was found to be 18.6%. Among the prevalent population, 79.3% of women had gestational hypertension. The findings indicate that hypertension in pregnancy has a significant relationship with risk factors such as increased maternal age (p ​< ​0.004), family history of hypertension in pregnancy (p ​< ​0.001), body mass index >30 ​kg/m2(p ​< ​0.001), hyperglycaemia in pregnancy (p ​< ​0.001), IVF pregnancy (p ​< ​0.004) and polycystic ovary syndrome (p ​< ​0.001). The most reported adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes were placental abruption (p ​< ​0.001), postpartum haemorrhage (p ​< ​0.001), prematurity (p ​< ​0.001), and fetal growth restriction (p ​< ​0.001). Conclusion: The study emphasises the importance of knowledge and timely assessment of risk factors of HDP. It also highlights the need for pre-conceptional counselling, which includes early detection, careful monitoring and treatment of HDP for preventing morbidity and mortality related to this disorder and it should be followed up even in the postpartum period. © 2023 The Authors
Paternal age, risk of congenital anomalies, and birth outcomes: a population-based cohort study; The objective of the study was to explore the impact of paternal age on the risk of congenital anomalies and birth outcomes in infants born in the USA between 2016 and 2021. This retrospective cohort study used data from the National Vital Statistics System (NVSS) database, a data set containing information on live birth in the USA between 2016 and 2021. Newborns were divided into four groups based on their paternal age (< 25, 25–34, 35–44, and > 44 years) and using the 25–34 age group as a reference. The primary outcomes were congenital anomalies involving structural anomalies and chromosome anomalies. Secondary outcomes were preterm birth, low birth weight, severe neonatal perinatal asphyxia, and admission to neonatal intensive care units (NICU). A multivariable logistic regression model was used to analyze the association between paternal age and outcomes. Overall, 17,764,695 live births were included in the final analyses. After adjusting confounding factors, advanced paternal age > 44 years was associated with increased odds of congenital anomalies (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) = 1.17, 95%CI 1.12–1.21) compared with the 25–34 age group, mainly for the chromosomal anomalies (aOR = 1.59, 95%CI 1.40–1.78) but not the structure anomalies (aOR = 1.03, 95%CI 0.97–1.09). The risk of preterm delivery, low birth weight, and NICU hospitalization in their infants was increased by advanced parental age as well. Conclusion: Advanced paternal age increases the risk of congenital anomalies, especially chromosomal anomalies in their offspring, implying prenatal genetic counseling is required. What is Known: • There's a rising trend of advanced paternal age, which is associated with an increased likelihood of premature birth and low birth weight in their offspring. However, the exploration between paternal age and congenital abnormalities in offspring was limited and contradictory. What is New: • Infants with a paternal age > 44 years were more likely to be born with congenital anomalies, especially chromosomal anomalies. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Comparison of fetal and neonatal cardiac morphology between the infants of mothers with well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus and normal controls; Objective: To compare fetal and neonatal cardiac morphology in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with the controls Patients and methods: Pregnant women at average risk of GDM underwent 100-g, 3-h-OGTT at 24–28 weeks of gestation for diagnosis of GDM. Both GDM group and the control group underwent fetal echocardiography at 32–36 weeks to assess cardiac dimensions. The neonates underwent echocardiography within 48 h after birth to assess cardiac morphology. Results: A total of 154 pregnant women were recruited, including 60 in the GDM group and 94 in the control group. All of the study group were well controlled for GDM. Most baseline characteristics of both groups were comparable. All obstetric outcomes were not significantly different between the two groups. Morphological cardiac dimensions in the fetuses and newborns of both groups were also not significant different. Subgroup analysis in the study group showed no significantly different in cardiac morphology between the group with diet control and that of insulin control. Conclusion: Fetal and neonatal cardiac morphologic changes among mothers with well-controlled GDM are not significantly different from those in the controls. It is possible that good control of maternal blood glucose can prevent fetal and neonatal cardiac abnormalities. © The Author(s) 2023.
Association between air pollutants and birth defects in Xiamen, China; Objective: To explore the relationship between common air pollution and common birth defects, and to provide reference for the prevention of birth defects. Methods: We conducted a case-control study in Xiamen, a city in southeastern China from 2019 to 2020. Logistics regression was used to analyze the relationship between sulfur dioxide(SO2), fine particulate matter 2.5(PM2.5), nitrogen dioxide(NO2), ozone(O3), carbon monoxide(CO) and the occurrence of common birth defects such as congenital heart disease, facial cleft, and finger deformity. Results: SO2 significantly increased the risk of birth defects such as congenital heart disease, cleft lip and/or cleft palate, and ear deformity in the first and second months of pregnancy. Conclusion: Exposure to common air pollutants increases the risk of birth defects, and SO2 significantly affects the occurrence of birth defects in the first two months of pregnancy. 2023 Huang, Qiu, Qi, Ma, Cheng and Wu.
Is There Any Correlation Between QT Dispersion and Echocardiographic Indices in Term Neonates with and Without Maternal Gestational Diabetes Mellitus?; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can cause diastolic dysfunction and asymmetric ventricular septal hypertrophy in infants of gestational diabetic mothers (IGDMs). Ventricular thickness can affect QT interval and other QT parameters. Objectives: This study aimed to evaluate and compare the duration of QT, corrected QT (QTc), QT dispersion (QTD), and echocardio-graphic indices in two groups of neonates of mothers with and without GDM. Methods: In this case-control study, 76 term neonates were enrolled. The case group (n = 38) included IGDM, and the control group (n = 38) included neonates born to healthy mothers. The QT, QTD, and QTc were calculated based on electrocardiographic results. Ejection fraction (EF), interventricular septal thickness at the end of diastole (IVSTD), left ventricular end-diastolic diameter (LVEDD), left ventricular end-systolic diameter (LVESD), and left ventricular posterior wall thickness (LVPWT) were evaluated by performing echocardiography, and the two groups were compared regarding them. Data were analyzed using SPSS version 21. Results: In this study, neonates’ mean age and weight were 4.18 ± 1.3 days and 3418.16 ± 549.24 grams, respectively. As for the gen-der of neonates, 68.4% in the case group and 47.4% in the control group were female. The two groups had no significant difference regarding age, weight, and sex (P > 0.05). Minimum QTc (QTc min) was significantly higher in the case group (P = 0.046). Consider-ably lower EF and higher IVSTD were found in the case group (P = 0.011 and P = 0.05 respectively). In univariate analysis, echocardio-graphic parameters were not the predictors of QTD (P > 0.05); in multivariate analysis, however, QTD was significantly correlated with LVEDD (P = 0.001) and LVESD (P = 0.015). Conclusions: A higher proportion of septal hypertrophy was detected in IGDMs compared to infants of the healthy mothers without any correlation with ECG indices. This involvement was accompanied by relatively decreased EF verified by echocardiography. Most ECG findings, including QTD values, had no linear relationship with echocardiographic parameters except for LVEDD and LVESD. © 2023, Author(s).
Clinical Manifestation, Laboratory Findings and Adverse Outcomes of COVID 19 Infection in Pregnant Women: A Cross-Sectional Study in the West of Iran; Background & Objective: Pregnancy is a unique immunological condition in which the immune system is affected and therefore there is a greater risk of severe disease and mortality from COVID-19 disease. The present study aimed to evaluate the clinical manifestation, laboratory findings, and adverse outcomes among a population of pregnant women confirmed with COVID 19 infection. Materials & Methods: In present cross-sectional study, all pregnant women with COVID-19 referred to Mousavi Hospital in Zanjan City from February 2020 to August 2021 including 232 patients were examined. We used a researcher-made checklist to extract the required information, including socio-demographic data, potential risk factors, clinical manifestations, laboratory parameters, and fetal, and neonatal outcomes of the patients. Comparison of laboratory parameters in women with COVID-19 according to ICU admission was made using independent t-test and Mann-Whitney U test. Results: 47.4%, of women were 30 to 40 years old, 45.7% were illiterate. Weakness, myalgia, dry cough, and fatigue were the most common clinical symptoms (>90%). Patients had abnormal levels of ALT and AST, whereas the means of other laboratory parameters were in the normal range. Forty-one (17.6%) of patients were admitted to the ICU. The means of C-reactive protein (46.58 vs. 25.87), lactate dehydrogenase (586.31 vs. 480.97), Blood urea nitrogen (9.43 vs. 8.26), and erythrocyte sedimentation rate (62.40 vs. 46.11) were statistically higher in patients admitted to ICU than those who were not in the ICU (P <0.05). Mortality rates among women who had a vaginal delivery and C-section were 3% and 6.1%, respectively. Conclusion: The most common laboratory findings in COVID-19-infected mothers were lymphopenia and elevated CRP, ALT, D-Dimer, and LDH. An increased hospitalization in ICU and higher rates of mother and fetal death were complications of pregnancy and childbirth in COVID-19-infected women. © 2023, Zanjan University of Medical Sciences and Health Services. All rights reserved.
Real-Time Prediction for Neonatal Endotracheal Intubation Using Multimodal Transformer Network; Neonates admitted to neonatal intensive care units (NICUs) are at risk for respiratory decompensation and may require endotracheal intubation. Delayed intubation is associated with increased morbidity and mortality, particularly in urgent unplanned intubation. By accurately predicting the need for intubation in real-time, additional time can be made available for preparation, thereby increasing the safety margins by avoiding high-risk late intubation. In this study, the probability of intubation in neonatal patients with respiratory problems was predicted using a deep neural network. A multimodal transformer model was developed to simultaneously analyze time-series data (1-3 h of vital signs and FiO2 setting value) and numeric data including initial clinical information. Over a dataset including information of 128 neonatal patients who underwent noninvasive ventilation, the proposed model successfully predicted the need for intubation 3 h in advance (area under the receiver operator characteristic curve = 0.880 pm 0.051, F1-score = 0.864 pm 0.031, sensitivity = 0.886 pm 0.041, specificity = 0.849 pm 0.035, and accuracy = 0.857 pm 0.032). Moreover, the proposed model showed high generalization ability by achieving AUROC 0.890, F1-score 0.893, specificity 0.871, sensitivity 0.745, and accuracy 0.864 with an additional 91 dataset for testing.  © 2013 IEEE.
Impact of Obesity and Diabetes in Pregnant Women on Their Immunity and Vaccination; Pregnant women with obesity and diabetes are at increased risk of developing infections and other complications during pregnancy. Several mechanisms are involved in the immunological mechanisms that contribute to reduced immunity in these populations. Both obesity and diabetes are associated with chronic low-grade inflammation that can lead to an overactive immune response. Pregnant women with obesity and diabetes often have an increase in pro-inflammatory cytokines and adipokines, such as TNF-α, IL-6, IL-1β, leptin, and resistin, which are involved in the inflammatory response. Insulin resistance can also affect the functioning of immune cells. Furthermore, both conditions alter the composition of the gut microbiome, which produces a variety of biomolecules, including short-chain fatty acids, lipopolysaccharides, and other metabolites. These substances may contribute to immune dysfunction. In addition to increasing the risk of infections, obesity and diabetes can also affect the efficacy of vaccinations in pregnant women. Pregnant women with obesity and diabetes are at increased risk of developing severe illness and complications from COVID-19, but COVID-19 vaccination may help protect them and their fetuses from infection and its associated risks. Since both obesity and diabetes classify a pregnancy as high risk, it is important to elucidate the impact of these diseases on immunity and vaccination during pregnancy. Research examining the efficacy of the COVID-19 vaccine in a high-risk pregnant population should be of particular value to obstetricians whose patients are hesitant to vaccinate during pregnancy. Further research is needed to better understand these mechanisms and to develop effective interventions to improve immune function in these populations. © 2023 by the authors.
Prevalence and outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus in Indian women: Insights from a large real-world study over ten years at tertiary care research institute; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is commonly noted during the second trimester of pregnancy. There is limited clinical evidence for the diagnosis of GDM during the third trimester of pregnancy, particularly in Indian pregnant women. Objective: To assess and validate the clinically suitable strategy for screening, diagnosis, and monitoring of gestational glucose intolerance (GGI) and GDM during pregnancy in Indian women visiting the tertiary care research institute. Methods: This was a single-center, retrospective epidemiological data analysis of a real-life scenario. Data of Indian pregnant women visiting tertiary care centers were retrieved and analyzed. Analysis was performed for the prevalence of GDM; progression of GGI to GDM; and neonatal outcome. The Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Group of India (DIPSI) criteria were used and validated. Results: The data of 20,232 pregnant women over the period of June 2012 to March 2022 was retrieved and analyzed. A total of 2192 pregnant women reported GDM. These women were further analyzed for the prevalence of GGI and progression of GGI to GDM by using DIPSI guidelines. Out of 2192 pregnant women, 49 women lost follow-up. A total of 646 (29.47%), 1149 (52.42%), and 397 (18.11%) pregnant women were diagnosed with GDM during the first, second, and third trimesters, respectively. Almost 47.77% and 14.83% of women with normal blood glucose levels progressed to GDM in the second and third trimesters, respectively. Few women who had GGI in the first trimester progressed to GDM in the second trimester (4.65%) and third trimester (1.69%). Similarly, only 1.6% of women who had GGI in the second trimester progressed to GDM in the third trimester. Neonatal complications were analyzed, and 14 neonatal deaths were noted. Conclusion: The study validated DIPSI guidelines and concluded that DIPSI guidelines are important and clinically relevant for the screening of GDM in resource-limiting settings. The screening of pregnant women for GDM in the third trimester is equally important for the diagnosis, timely management, and prevention of complications. Also, monitoring and treatment of women with GGI play a crucial role to prevent the progression of GGI to GDM. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Research Society for Study of Diabetes in India.
Characteristics of Premature Myocardial Infarction Among Women With Prior Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Background: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preterm birth are associated with ischemic heart disease in later life. Objectives: The authors aimed to study the features of premature myocardial infarction (MI) among women with and without prior APOs. Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis of women with premature MI (<65 years of age) referred for left heart catheterization matched with a database of abstracted pregnancy data. We compared MI characteristics and epicardial coronary anatomy between women with and without APOs during their index pregnancy and evaluated time from delivery to MI. Results: Of 391 women with premature MI and associated coronary angiography (age: 49 ± 8 years), 154 (39%) had a prior APO (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy n = 78, preeclampsia n = 35, gestational diabetes mellitus n = 28, and preterm birth n = 48). Women with APO history had a higher prevalence of diabetes (33% vs 16% without APO; P = 0.001) and presented earlier with MI following delivery (19.6 [IQR: 14.3-23.5] years vs those without APO 21.5 [IQR: 17.0-25.4] years; P = 0.012), driven by preeclampsia (17.1 [IQR: 12.7-22.4] years, P = 0.010). Women with and without APOs had similar MI features including rates of ST-segment elevation MI, obstructive and multi-vessel coronary artery disease, percutaneous coronary intervention, and shock. Conclusions: Among women with premature MIs, 39% had a history of an APO. Women with APO history presented sooner after pregnancy but had similar MI characteristics vs those without APOs. Pregnancy history may identify women who warrant early, aggressive cardiovascular disease prevention. © 2023 The Authors
Assessment of atrial conduction time and P-wave dispersion in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives: We aimed to assess atrial conduction time and P-wave dispersion (PWD) in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients. Methods: Thirty patients with GDM and 30 healthy pregnant women were included to the study. Atrial conduction times (PA) were calculated by the time interval from the onset of the P wave on the electrocardiography (ECG) to the onset of the late diastolic flow (Am wave) on echocardiography and from the lateral mitral annulus (PA lateral), septal mitral annulus (PA septum), and right ventricular tricuspid annulus (PA tricuspid). The difference between (PA lateral-PA tricuspid) was defined as interatrial electromechanical delay (EMD); the difference between (PA septum-PA tricuspid) as intra-atrial EMD; and the difference between (PA lateral-PA septal) as intraleft atrial EMD. Results: Mean PWD was higher in GDM (52.7 ± 5.1 ms vs. 28.9 ± 4.2 ms, p < 0.001). PA lateral, PA septal and PA tricuspid were significantly higher in the GDM patients compared to the control group (65.7 ± 4.2 ms vs. 47.7 ± 4.7 ms, p < 0.001; 56.1 ± 3.4 ms vs. 40.8 ± 3.7 ms, p < 0.001 and 48.4 ± 3.9 ms vs. 36.0 ± 3.6 ms, p < 0.001, respectively). Interatrial, intra-atrial, and intraleft atrial EMDs were also significantly higher in the GDM group (median values: 18 ms vs. 12 ms; 10 ms vs 7.5 ms; 8 ms vs. 4 ms, respectively, p < 0.001 for all). There was a positive correlation between intra-atrial delay time and PWD in GDM group (r = 0.39, p = 0.033). Conclusion: We suggest that patients with GDM have higher PWD and higher atrial conduction and EMD times compared to otherwise healthy pregnant control group. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Research Society for Study of Diabetes in India.
Incidence of Neonatal Seizures in China Based on Electroencephalogram Monitoring in Neonatal Neurocritical Care Units; Importance: Neonatal seizures pose a significant challenge in critical care, and continuous video electroencephalography (cEEG) monitoring holds promise for early detection of seizures. However, large-scale data on the incidence of neonatal seizures and monitoring systems in China are lacking. Objectives: To determine the incidence of neonatal seizures in infants with high risk in China. Design, Setting, and Participants: A large, cross-sectional multicenter study was conducted from January 2017 to December 2018 in the neonatal intensive care units (NICUs) of 7 tertiary medical centers in China. Neonates with high risk were included, and cEEG monitoring was conducted. Data were collected between January 1, 2017, and January 31, 2020. The data were analyzed between January 2021 and January 2022. Main Outcomes and Measures: The incidence of neonatal seizures, categorized by etiology, and seizure burden. Results: A total of 20310 neonates with high risk were included (10495 [51.7%] male; mean [SD] postmenstrual age, 37.7 [3.7] weeks), and seizures were observed in 3423 infants (16.9%). The highest proportion of seizures was attributed to acute neonatal encephalopathy (1448 [42.3%]). The incidence of seizures decreased with postmenstrual age and birth weight, with the highest occurrence observed in neonates with postmenstrual age of less than 28 weeks (237 of 879 [27.0%]) or birth weight of less than 1.0 kg (269 of 914 [29.4%]). Preterm infants had a higher proportion of moderate and severe seizure burdens compared with full-term infants (moderate severity: 248 of 1199 [20.7%] vs 454 of 2224 [20.4%]), but no significant differences were observed in etiology. Seizure burden was highest with genetic syndromes (49 of 188 [26.1%]), central nervous system malformations (33 of 127 [26.0%]), and inborn errors of metabolism (27 of 113 [23.9%]). During hospitalization, 7.8% of neonates with seizures died (267 neonates), with 81.3% of these cases having a moderate or severe seizure burden (217 neonates). Mortality was generally higher in preterm vs full-term infants (98 of 1199 [8.2%] vs 169 of 2224 [7.6%]) and increased with the severity of seizure burden (217 of 267 neonates with moderate or severe burden [81.3%]). Conclusions and Relevance: This cross-sectional study of neonatal seizures underscores the substantial burden seizures pose to high-risk infants with brain injury in China, particularly those who are born prematurely or who have congenital conditions.. © 2023 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular Complications Associated With COVID-19 During Delivery Hospitalizations in Pandemic Year 2020; Background: Persons with COVID-19 infection have an increased risk of pregnancy-related complications. However, data on acute cardiovascular (CV) complications during delivery admissions remain limited. Objectives: The purpose of this study was to determine whether pregnant individuals with COVID-19 have an increased risk of acute peripartum CV complications during their delivery admission. Methods: This population-based retrospective cohort study used the 2020 National Inpatient Sample database. The International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision codes were used to identify delivery admissions with a diagnosis of COVID-19. A multivariable logistic regression model was performed to determine the association between COVID-19 and acute peripartum CV complications at delivery. Results: A total of 3,458,691 weighted delivery admissions were identified, of which 1.3% were among persons with COVID-19 (n = 46,375). Persons with COVID-19 were younger (median 28 vs 29 years, P < 0.01) and had a higher prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm births, and Cesarean delivery (P < 0.01). After adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, comorbidities, insurance, and income, COVID-19 remained independently associated with peripartum CV complications including preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 1.33 [95% CI, 1.29-1.37]), peripartum cardiomyopathy (aOR: 2.09 [1.54-2.84]), acute coronary syndrome (aOR: 12.94 [8.85-18.90]), and arrhythmias (aOR: 1.55 [1.45-1.67]), compared with no COVID-19. Likewise, the risks of in-hospital mortality, acute kidney injury, stroke, pulmonary edema, and venous thromboembolism were higher with COVID-19. For resource utilization, the cost of hospitalization ($5,374 vs $4,837, P < 0.01) was higher for deliveries among persons with COVID-19. Conclusions: In the year 2020, pregnant persons with COVID-19 had a higher risk of preeclampsia, in-hospital mortality, and other serious CV complication during delivery hospitalizations compared to pregnant individuals without COVID-19. © 2023 The Authors
Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors in Women: The Impact of Race and Ethnicity: A Scientific Statement from the American Heart Association; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women, yet differences exist among certain racial and ethnic groups. Aside from traditional risk factors, behavioral and environmental factors and social determinants of health affect cardiovascular health and risk in women. Language barriers, discrimination, acculturation, and health care access disproportionately affect women of underrepresented races and ethnicities. These factors result in a higher prevalence of cardiovascular disease and significant challenges in the diagnosis and treatment of cardiovascular conditions. Culturally sensitive, peer-led community and health care professional education is a necessary step in the prevention of cardiovascular disease. Equitable access to evidence-based cardiovascular preventive health care should be available for all women regardless of race and ethnicity; however, these guidelines are not equally incorporated into clinical practice. This scientific statement reviews the current evidence on racial and ethnic differences in cardiovascular risk factors and current cardiovascular preventive therapies for women in the United States. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Mass spectrometry-based “omics” technologies for the study of gestational diabetes and the discovery of new biomarkers; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is one of the most common complications occurring during pregnancy. Diagnosis is performed by oral glucose tolerance test, but harmonized testing methods and thresholds are still lacking worldwide. Short-term and long-term effects include obesity, type 2 diabetes, and increased risk of cardiovascular disease. The identification and validation of sensitidve, selective, and robust biomarkers for early diagnosis during the first trimester of pregnancy are required, as well as for the prediction of possible adverse outcomes after birth. Mass spectrometry (MS)-based omics technologies are nowadays the method of choice to characterize various pathologies at a molecular level. Proteomics and metabolomics of GDM were widely investigated in the last 10 years, and various proteins and metabolites were proposed as possible biomarkers. Metallomics of GDM was also reported, but studies are limited in number. The present review focuses on the description of the different analytical methods and MS-based instrumental platforms applied to GDM-related omics studies. Preparation procedures for various biological specimens are described and results are briefly summarized. Generally, only preliminary findings are reported by current studies and further efforts are required to determine definitive GDM biomarkers. © 2022 The Authors. Mass Spectrometry Reviews published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Update of the National Diabetes Surveillance: Overview on indicators from the fields of action improving the early detection and treatment of diabetes, reducing the complications of diabetes and reducing the burden and costs of disease; Background: The fragmented information on diabetes in Germany led to the funding of the project National Diabetes Surveillance at the Robert Koch Institute (RKI) by the Federal Ministry of Health. Objective: The aim is to establish and continuously improve an indicator-based and user-oriented reporting on risk factors, prevalence, care, and health-related consequences of diabetes. Methods: The consented indicators are depicted on the basis of RKI health surveys, claims and documentation data, official statistics, and diabetes registries. Results are provided through interactive visualizations and other formats on the diabetes surveillance website. Results: Overall, more than 90% of all diabetes cases are classified as type 2 and about 5.5% as type 1. Most of the recommendations for the quality of care for type 2 diabetes are achieved by the majority of adults, yet potential for improvement remains, which is consistent with the quality of care self-assessed as intermediate. The increasing use of therapeutic technologies in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes indicates an improvement in care. The screening rate for gestational diabetes has increased, but women with gestational diabetes remain at increased risk of selected complications. Cardiovascular diseases and depressive symptoms occur more frequently in persons with diabetes than in those without diabetes. The rate of ambulatory care-sensitive hospitalizations has decreased. Of all the years of life lost, 67.4% are due to health limitations for type 2 diabetes and 54.3% are due to death for type 1 diabetes. Discussion: The Diabetes Surveillance is a pilot project and serves as the basis for the development of comprehensive surveillance for other non-communicable diseases in Germany. © 2023, The Author(s).
Pregnancy-associated Cancer and Chemotherapy during Pregnancy; The diagnosis of pregnancy-associated cancer, although rare, is a condition of great human and social significance and difficult clinical management. A pregnancy-associated neoplasm is defined as a cancer diagnosis made during pregnancy or within 12 months after delivery/abortion. The most common cancers in pregnancy occur most frequently in women of reproductive age with an incidence overall like that observed in non-pregnant women of the same age. This incidence is likely to increase in view of both the expected increase in certain malignancies among young women (particularly breast cancer and melanoma) and the increasing frequency of pregnancies undertaken later in life (fourth and fifth decades of life) that is characterizing modern society. Chemotherapy is generally contraindicated before 12 weeks of pregnancy due to the increased risk of congenital anomalies while exposure in the second and third trimester of pregnancy to chemotherapy has been associated with more growth restriction and preterm delivery. Clinical decisions about the optimal management should consider maternal and fetal characteristics with the involvement of a multidisciplinary team. © 2023 Biomedical & Pharmacology Journal.
Maternal and Fetal Outcomes in Pregnant Patients With Mechanical and Bioprosthetic Heart Valves; BACKGROUND: Guidelines for choice of prosthetic heart valve in people of reproductive age are not well established. Although biologic heart valves (BHVs) have risk of deterioration, mechanical heart valves (MHVs) require lifelong anticoagulation. This study aimed to characterize the association of prosthetic valve type with maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant patients. METHODS AND RESULTS: Using the 2008 to 2019 National Inpatient Sample, we identified all adult patients hospitalized for delivery with prior heart valve implantation. Multivariable regressions were used to analyze the primary outcome, major adverse cardiovascular events, and secondary outcomes, including maternal and fetal complications, length of stay, and costs. Among 39 871 862 birth hospitalizations, 4152 had MHVs and 874 had BHVs. Age, comorbidities, and cesarean birth rates were similar between patients with MHVs and BHVs. The presence of a prosthetic valve was associated with over 22-fold increase in likelihood of major adverse cardiovascular events (MHV: adjusted odds ratio, 22.1 [95% CI, 17.3–28.2]; BHV: adjusted odds ratio, 22.5 [95% CI, 13.9–36.5]) as well as increased duration of stay and hospitalization costs. However, patients with MHVs and BHVs had no significant difference in the odds of any maternal outcome, including major adverse cardiovascular events, hyper-tensive disease of pregnancy, and ante/postpartum hemorrhage. Similarly, fetal complications were more likely in patients with valve prostheses, including a 4-fold increase in odds of stillbirth, but remained comparable between MHVs and BHVs. CONCLUSIONS: Patients hospitalized for delivery with prior valve replacement carry substantial risk of adverse maternal and fetal events, regardless of valve type. Our findings reveal comparable outcomes between MHVs and BHVs. © 2023 The Authors.
Application of the Modified Early Obstetrical Warning System (MEOWS) in postpartum patients in the emergency department; Introduction: Over the last two decades, there has been a steady rise in severe maternal morbidity and pregnancy-related deaths in Canada and the USA. The Modified Early Obstetric Warning System (MEOWS) is a risk stratification tool designed to predict severe maternal morbidity and mortality and has been validated for use in obstetrical wards. The objective of this study was to determine if MEOWS could accurately identify patients at risk of severe maternal morbidity and mortality in the ED setting. Methods: This was a chart review of patients presenting to an academic tertiary care centre (annual ED census 65,000) with a postpartum complaint within 6 weeks of delivery between May 2020 and March 2022. The exposure was the presence of a trigger, defined as one severely abnormal (red) or two mildly abnormal (yellow) physiological measurements during the ED visit. The diagnostic accuracy of the tool to identify patients at risk of severe maternal morbidity severe maternal morbidity or mortality was estimated by calculating the sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value and negative predictive value. Results: Two hundred and sixty-seven patients were included, of which 21 (7.9%) met the criteria for severe maternal morbidity. There were no maternal deaths. Overall, the sensitivity of the MEOWS tool was 85.7% (95% CI 63.7–97.0%), specificity was 67.9% (95% CI 61.7–73.7%), positive predictive value was 18.6% (95% CI 15.1–22.7%), and negative predictive value was 98.2% (95% CI 95.1–99.4%). Severe preeclampsia and eclampsia were the most common outcome category of severe maternal morbidity, representing 16 (76.2%) cases. Most patients (86.5%) were discharged directly from the ED, and 90.0% did not return within 30 days. Conclusions: This study is the first to explore the utility of MEOWS in postpartum ED patients. The presence of a MEOWS trigger at ED triage or the first ED nursing assessment was associated with severe maternal morbidity. Thus, MEOWS may be a valuable tool to identify postpartum patients at risk of severe outcomes early in an ED visit. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Canadian Association of Emergency Physicians (CAEP)/ Association Canadienne de Médecine d'Urgence (ACMU).
Impact of Adverse Gestational Milieu on Maternal Cardiovascular Health; Cardiovascular disease affects 1% to 4% of the nearly 4 million pregnancies in the United States each year and is the primary cause of pregnancy-related mortality. Adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with cardiovascular complications during pregnancy persisting into the postpartum period. Recently, investigations have identified an altered sex hormone milieu, such as in the case of hyperandrogenism, as a causative factor in the development of gestational cardiovascular dysfunction. The mechanisms involved in the development of cardiovascular disease in postpartum women are largely unknown. Animal studies have attempted to recapitulate adverse pregnancy outcomes to investigate causal relationships and molecular underpinnings of adverse gestational cardiac events and progression to the development of cardiovascular disease postpartum. This review will focus on summarizing clinical and animal studies detailing the impact of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, and maternal obesity, on gestational cardiometabolic dysfunction and postpartum cardiovascular disease. Specifically, we will highlight the adverse impact of gestational hyperandrogenism and its potential to serve as a biomarker for maternal gestational and postpartum cardiovascular dysfunctions. © 2023 Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
New onset MDA-5 positive dermatomyositis and massive perivillous fibrin deposition in third trimester of pregnancy: A case report; We report a case of a 42-year-old woman (Gravida 1, Para 1) who presented in her third trimester of pregnancy with a photo distributed eruption and arthralgias and was subsequently diagnosed with dermatomyositis. She had an emergency Caesarean section at 34 weeks plus 6 days gestation due to decreased fetal movements and non-reassuring fetal heart rate. Her placenta was sent for histopathology and showed features of massive perivillous fibrin deposition. To our knowledge, this is the first case of MDA-5 positive dermatomyositis in pregnancy with a live delivery. © 2023 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Prenatal Health Care Outcomes Before and During the COVID-19 Pandemic Among Pregnant Individuals and Their Newborns in an Integrated US Health System; Importance: The COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the use of telemedicine. However, data on the integration of telemedicine in prenatal health care and health outcomes are sparse. Objective: To evaluate a multimodal model of in-office and telemedicine prenatal health care implemented during the COVID-19 pandemic and its association with maternal and newborn health outcomes. Design, Setting, and Participants: This cohort study of pregnant individuals using longitudinal electronic health record data was conducted at Kaiser Permanente Northern California, an integrated health care system serving a population of 4.5 million people. Individuals who delivered a live birth or stillbirth between July 1, 2018, and October 21, 2021, were included in the study. Data were analyzed from January 2022 to May 2023. Exposure: Exposure levels to the multimodal prenatal health care model were separated into 3 intervals: unexposed (T1, birth delivery between July 1, 2018, and February 29, 2020), partially exposed (T2, birth delivery between March 1, 2020, and December 5, 2020), and fully exposed (T3, birth delivery between December 6, 2020, and October 31, 2021). Main Outcomes and Measures: Primary outcomes included rates of preeclampsia and eclampsia, severe maternal morbidity, cesarean delivery, preterm birth, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission. The distributions of demographic and clinical characteristics, care processes, and health outcomes for birth deliveries within each of the 3 intervals of interest were assessed with standardized mean differences calculated for between-interval contrasts. Interrupted time series analyses were used to examine changes in rates of perinatal outcomes and its association with the multimodal prenatal health care model. Secondary outcomes included gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, depression, venous thromboembolism, newborn Apgar score, transient tachypnea, and birth weight. Results: The cohort included 151 464 individuals (mean [SD] age, 31.3 [5.3] years) who delivered a live birth or stillbirth. The mean (SD) number of total prenatal visits was similar in T1 (9.41 [4.75] visits), T2 (9.17 [4.50] visits), and T3 (9.15 [4.66] visits), whereas the proportion of telemedicine visits increased from 11.1% (79 214 visits) in T1 to 20.9% (66 726 visits) in T2 and 21.3% (79 518 visits) in T3. NICU admission rates were 9.2% (7014 admissions) in T1, 8.3% (2905 admissions) in T2, and 8.6% (3615 admissions) in T3. Interrupted time series analysis showed no change in NICU admission risk during T1 (change per 4-week interval, -0.22%; 95% CI, -0.53% to 0.09%), a decrease in risk during T2 (change per 4-week interval, -0.91%; 95% CI, -1.77% to -0.03%), and an increase in risk during T3 (change per 4-week interval, 1.75%; 95% CI, 0.49% to 3.02%). There were no clinically relevant changes between T1, T2, and T3 in the rates of risk of preeclampsia and eclampsia (change per 4-week interval, 0.76% [95% CI, 0.39% to 1.14%] for T1; -0.19% [95% CI, -1.19% to 0.81%] for T2; and -0.80% [95% CI, -2.13% to 0.55%] for T3), severe maternal morbidity (change per 4-week interval , 0.12% [95% CI, 0.40% to 0.63%] for T1; -0.39% [95% CI, -1.00% to 1.80%] for T2; and 0.99% [95% CI, -0.88% to 2.90%] for T3), cesarean delivery (change per 4-week interval, 0.06% [95% CI, -0.11% to 0.23%] for T1; -0.03% [95% CI, -0.49% to 0.44%] for T2; and -0.05% [95% CI, -0.68% to 0.59%] for T3), preterm birth (change per 4-week interval, 0.23% [95% CI, -0.11% to 0.57%] for T1; -0.37% [95% CI, -1.29% to 0.55%] for T2; and -0.15% [95% CI, -1.41% to 1.13%] for T3), or secondary outcomes. Conclusions and Relevance: These findings suggest that a multimodal prenatal health care model combining in-office and telemedicine visits performed adequately compared with in-office only prenatal health care, supporting its continued use after the pandemic.
Metabolite Biomarkers and Predictive Model Analysis for Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus With and Without Complications; Objective: Understanding the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes mellitus including the interaction between the inherent susceptibility, lifestyles, and environment is believed to cast hope to predict, prevent, and personalize cure for type 2 diabetes mellitus and its complications. To identify the differentially expressed metabolites as potential diabetes-associated metabolite biomarkers that identify individuals with and without diabetes. Methods: Sixty-four subjects were recruited to identify the systemic metabolic changes and biomarkers related to type 2 diabetes mellitus, and the related complications (ischemic heart disease and chronic kidney disease) using quadrupole time-of-flight liquid chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry. The top 5 biomarkers were identified, and the prediction accuracies for models developed by 4 algorithms were compared. Result: Tyrosine, tryptophan, glycerophospholipid, porphyrin and chlorophyll, sphingolipid metabolism, and glyco sylph ospha tidyl inosi tol-a nchor biosynthesis were the lipids and amino acid-related pathways differentially regulated in the type 2 diabetes mellitus patients compared to normal subjects and patients with complications. Hydroxyprolyl-leucine and N-palmitoyl threonine were higher in patients; 4,4ʹ- Thiob is-2- butan one, geran yl-hy droxy benzo ate, and Sesamex were higher in patients with chronic kidney disease complications; Asp Glu Trp, Trp Met Met were higher in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and ischemic heart disease compared to those normal subjects without risk. Random forest produced a consistently higher accuracy of more than 70% in the prediction for all the comparison groups. Pathways perturbated and biomarkers differentially regulated in individuals with risks or with the existing conditions of type 2 diabetes mellitus and its complications of ischemic heart disease and chronic kidney disease were identified using time-of-flight liquid chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry. Conclusion: Metabolomics is a new emerging field that provides comprehensive phenotypic information on the disease and drug response of a patient. It serves as a potential comprehensive therapeutic drug monitoring approach to be adopted in the near future for pharmaceutical care. © 2023, AVES. All rights reserved.
Thirty years of fruitful collaborations between a physician and mass spectrometrists in diabetes field; The nonenzymatic protein glycation and the subsequent formation of advanced glycation end products is a process involved in the long-term complications of diabetes. In this context the collaboration, in the last 30 years, between my research group, operating in the DPT of Medicine of Padua University, and the mass spectrometric group, operating in CNR of Padua, are described and discussed. The development of new mass spectrometric techniques has allowed investigation more indepth, starting from the applications on small molecules responsible for the browning observed in the interactions between sugars and proteins, and growing up to intact proteins as albumin, immunoglobulin, hemoglobin, and so forth, with the determination of their glycation levels as well as their glycation sites. This study has helped to clarify the role of advanced glycation end products in the pathogenesis of the chronic complications of diabetes. In particular the results obtained in diabetic nephropathy, diabetic cardiovascular disease and in placenta samples of patients affected by gestational diabetes are described in this review. © 2021 The Authors. Mass Spectrometry Reviews published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Rhabdomyolysis after Intravenous Iron Sucrose Infusion during Pregnancy; BACKGROUND:Iron infusions have become increasingly common in the treatment of iron-deficiency anemia during pregnancy. Although iron infusions are generally well tolerated, adverse reactions have been reported.CASE:A pregnant patient was diagnosed with rhabdomyolysis after receiving a second dose of intravenous (IV) iron sucrose at 32 6/7 weeks of gestation. On admission to the hospital, creatine kinase was 2,437 units/L, sodium was 132 mEq/L, and potassium was 2.1 mEq/L. Intravenous fluids and electrolyte repletion were administered, with improvement of symptoms within 48 hours. Creatinine kinase normalized 1 week after hospital discharge.CONCLUSION:Rhabdomyolysis can be associated with IV iron infusion during pregnancy. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Maternal migraine and risk of pediatric cancers; Background: Maternal migraine has been linked to adverse birth outcomes including low birth weight and preterm birth, as well as congenital anomalies in offspring. It has been speculated that this may be due to the use of medications in pregnancy, but lifestyle, genetic, hormonal, and neurochemical factors could also play a role. There is evidence for varying cancer incidences among adults with migraine. Here, we utilized data from national registries in Denmark to examine associations between maternal diagnoses of migraine and risk for cancer in offspring. Methods: We linked several national registries in Denmark to identify cases from the Cancer Registry among children less than 20 years (diagnoses 1996–2016) and controls from the Central Population Register, matched to cases by birth year and sex (25:1 matching rate). Migraine diagnoses were identified from the National Patient Register using International Classification of Diseases, versions 8 and 10 codes and migraine-specific acute or prophylactic treatment recorded in the National Pharmaceutical Register. We used logistic regression to estimate the risk of childhood cancers associated with maternal migraine. Results: Maternal migraine was positively associated with risk for non-Hodgkin lymphoma (odds ratio [OR] = 1.70, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.01–2.86), central nervous system tumors ([OR = 1.31, 95% CI: 1.02–1.68], particularly glioma [OR = 1.64, 95% CI: 1.12–2.40]), neuroblastoma (OR = 1.75, 95% CI: 1.00–3.08), and osteosarcoma (OR = 2.60, 95% CI: 1.18–5.76). Conclusions: Associations with maternal migraine were observed for several childhood cancers, including neuronal tumors. Our findings raise questions about the role of lifestyle factors, sex hormones, genetic, and neurochemical factors in the relationship between migraine and childhood cancers. © 2023 The Authors. Pediatric Blood & Cancer published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
An Early Mediterranean-Based Nutritional Intervention during Pregnancy Reduces Metabolic Syndrome and Glucose Dysregulation Rates at 3 Years Postpartum; A Mediterranean diet (MedDiet)-based intervention reduces the rate of immediate postpartum maternal metabolic disorders. Whether these effects persist long-term remains to be determined. A total of 2526 normoglycemic women were randomized before the 12th gestational week (GW). IG women followed a MedDiet with extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) (>40 mL/day) and a handful of nuts daily, whereas CG women had to restrict all kinds of dietary fat. At 3 months postpartum, a motivational lifestyle interview was held. The endpoint of the study evaluated the rate of abnormal glucose regulation (AGR) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) at 3 years postpartum in women of the San Carlos cohort. A total of 369/625 (59%) CG women and 1031/1603 (64.3%) IG women were finally analyzed. At 3 months and 3 years postdelivery, the IG women showed higher adherence to the MedDiet, which was associated with lower values of body mass index (BMI) and lipid and glycemic profiles. Body weight change and waist circumference were lower in the IG women. After applying multiple regression analysis, the ORs (95%CI) resulted in AGR (3.18 (2.48–4.08); p < 0.001)/MetS (3.79 (1.81–7.95); p = 0.001) for women with GDM and higher OR for development of MetS in CG women (3.73 (1.77–7.87); p = 0.001). A MedDiet-based intervention early in pregnancy demonstrated persistent beneficial effects on AGR and MetS rates at 3 years postpartum. © 2023 by the authors.
Comparison of a Newly-Designed and Conventional Strap Used for Cardiotocograph Recoding in Preterm Labor; 1 Division of Maternal Newborn Nursing and Midwifery, Ramathibodi School of Nursing, Faculty of Medicine, Ramathibodi Hospital, Mahidol University, Bangkok, Thailand; 2 Obstetrics and Gynecology, Faculty of Medicine, Ramathibodi Hospital, Mahidol University, Bangkok, Thailand Objective: 1) To compare the outcomes of fetal heart rate monitoring using a newly-designed elastic cardiotocograph (CTG) bandage and a conventional ultrasound transducer bandage, and 2) to evaluate the satisfaction of the participants and labor staff using the newly-designed elastic CTG bandage compared to those using the conventional ultrasound transducer bandage. Materials and Methods: The researchers invented the newly-designed elastic CTG bandage and conducted a quasi-experimental study with thirty-four pregnant women gestational age under 37 weeks using both the newly-designed elastic CTG bandage and the conventional ultrasound transducers. A comparison of the outcomes of fetal heart rate monitoring between the two methods was done using Wilcoxon signed-rank test. Then, two instruments (the CTG band satisfaction questionnaire for women, and the CTG band satisfaction questionnaire and fetal heart rate graph absence record for the labor staff) were administered to the respective participants. They were adapted for the study based on the diffusion of innovation model, which postulated that an innovation was generally adopted when five main factors (compatibility, complexity, trial-ability, observability, and relative advantage) were met. Results: The median score of signals of fetal heart rate loss when solely using the newly-designed elastic CTG bandage was only 1.0 times and the conventional ultrasound transducer bandage was 3.0 times. There was a significant difference (p<0.001). Most members of the labor staff were satisfied with the suitability of the newly-designed elastic CTG bandage. Conclusion: The newly-designed elastic CTG bandage improved the quality of fetal heart rate assessment compared to the conventional ultrasound transducer bandage, resulting in the reduction of errors during examinations and the labor staff’s workloads while providing the ability to continuously assess the fetal heart rate. © 2023 JOURNAL OF THE MEDICAL ASSOCIATION OF THAILAND.
Focus on Metformin: Its Role and Safety in Pregnancy and Beyond; Metformin is used worldwide in the treatment of type 2 diabetes and has been used in the treatment of diabetes in pregnancy since the 1970s. It is highly acceptable to patients due to its ease of administration, cost and adverse effect profile. It is effective in reducing macrosomia, large-for-gestational-age infants and reduces maternal weight gain. Despite its many advantages, metformin has been associated with reductions in foetal size and has been associated with an increase in infants born small-for-gestational-age in certain cohorts. In this article, we review its efficacy, adverse effects and long-term follow-up before, during and after pregnancy for both mother and infant. We also evaluate the other forms of treatment for gestational diabetes, including oral therapies, insulin therapy and emerging treatments. © 2023, The Author(s).
Risk of retinopathy in women with pregnancy-induced hypertension: a nationwide population-based cohort study of 9-year follow-up after delivery; BACKGROUND: The retina is potentially associated with several physiological, hormonal, and metabolic changes during pregnancy. The few available epidemiologic studies of ocular changes in pregnancy have mainly concerned retinopathies. Pregnancy-induced hypertension, which leads to ocular manifestations including blurred vision, photopsia, scotoma, and diplopia, might induce reactive changes in the retinal vessels. Although several studies have suggested the existence of pregnancy-induced hypertension–related retinal ocular disease, there are few large cohort studies on this topic. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate the risk of major retinal diseases including central serous chorioretinopathy, diabetic retinopathy, retinal vein occlusion, retinal artery occlusion, and hypertensive retinopathy in the long-term postpartum stage according to the presence of previous pregnancy-induced hypertension in a large cohort based on the Korean National Health Insurance Database. STUDY DESIGN: On the basis of Korean health data, 909,520 patients who delivered from 2012 to 2013 were analyzed. Among them, patients who had previous ocular diseases or hypertension and multiple births were excluded. Finally, 858,057 mothers were assessed for central serous chorioretinopathy (ICD-10: H35.70), diabetic retinopathy (ICD-10: H36.0, E10.31, E10.32, E11.31, E11.32, E12.31, E13.31, E13.32, E14.31, E14.32), retinal vein occlusion (ICD-10: H34.8), retinal artery occlusion (ICD-10: H34.2), and hypertensive retinopathy (ICD-10: H35.02) for 9 years after delivery. Enrolled patients were divided into 2 groups: 10,808 patients with and 847,249 without pregnancy-induced hypertension. The primary outcomes were the incidence of central serous chorioretinopathy, diabetic retinopathy, retinal vein occlusion, retinal artery occlusion, and hypertensive retinopathy 9 years after delivery. Clinical variables were age, parity, cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes mellitus, and postpartum hemorrhage. In addition, pregestational diabetes mellitus, kidney diseases, cerebrovascular diseases, and cardiovascular diseases were adjusted. RESULTS: Postpartum retinal disease during the 9 years after delivery and total retinal diseases showed higher rates in patients with pregnancy-induced hypertension. In detail, the rates of central serous chorioretinopathy (0.3% vs 0.1%), diabetic retinopathy (1.79% vs 0.5%), retinal vein occlusion (0.19% vs 0.1%), and hypertensive retinopathy (0.62% vs 0.05%) were higher than those found in patients without pregnancy-induced hypertension. After adjusting for confounding factors, pregnancy-induced hypertension was associated with development of postpartum retinopathy, with a >2-fold increase (hazard ratio, 2.845; 95% confidence interval, 2.54–3.188). Furthermore, pregnancy-induced hypertension affected the development of central serous chorioretinopathy (hazard ratio, 3.681; 95% confidence interval, 2.667–5.082), diabetic retinopathy (hazard ratio, 2.326; 95% confidence interval, 2.013–2.688), retinal vein occlusion (hazard ratio, 2.241; 95% confidence interval, 1.491–3.368), and hypertensive retinopathy (hazard ratio, 11.392; 95% confidence interval, 8.771–14.796) after delivery. CONCLUSION: A history of pregnancy-induced hypertension increases the risk of central serous chorioretinopathy, diabetic retinopathy, retinal vein occlusion, and hypertensive retinopathy according to 9-year long-term ophthalmologic follow-up. © 2023
Consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus on neonatal cardiovascular health: MySweetHeart Cohort study; Background: Hyperglycaemic disorders of pregnancy are associated with offspring cardiovascular alterations. Methods: MySweetHeart cohort study aimed to assess the effect of maternal gestational diabetes (GDM) on offsprings’ cardiovascular health. Newborns underwent clinical and echocardiographic examinations between 2016 and 2020. Results: Compared to mothers without GDM (n = 141), mothers with GDM (n = 123) were more likely to have had GDM in previous pregnancies and had higher weight, BMI, blood glucose, and HbA1c. Newborns of both groups showed similar clinical characteristics. Echocardiography was performed on the 3rd (interquartile range, IQR, 2nd–4th) day of life in 101 offsprings of mothers without and 116 offsprings of mothers with GDM. Left ventricular (LV) mass was similar. Children born to mothers with GDM had a thicker posterior LV wall (z-score +0.15, IQR –0.38/0.62, versus +0.47, IQR –0.11/+1.1, p = 0.004), a smaller end-systolic (1.3 mL, IQR 1.0–1.5 mL, versus 1.4 mL, IQR 1.2–1.8 mL, p = 0.044) but a similar end-diastolic LV volume. They also had shorter tricuspid valve flow duration and aortic valve ejection time, lower tricuspid E-wave and pulmonary valve velocities. Conclusions: Newborns of mothers with or without GDM had similar clinical characteristics and LV mass. However, some echocardiographic differences were detected, suggesting an altered myocardial physiology among infants of mothers with GDM. Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02872974). Impact: Hyperglycaemic disorders of pregnancy are known to be associated with offspring cardiovascular alterations.Clinical characteristics and estimated left ventricular (LV) mass were similar in children issued from mothers with and without gestational diabetes (GDM).Children born to mothers with GDM had a thicker posterior LV wall and a smaller end-systolic LV volume.Although LV mass is not different, myocardial physiology may be altered in these infants. Further studies should investigate the endothelial function of this population and the cardiovascular evolution of these children over time. © 2022, The Author(s).
Remote patient monitoring for management of diabetes mellitus in pregnancy is associated with improved maternal and neonatal outcomes; Background: Diabetes mellitus is a common medical complication of pregnancy, and its treatment is complex. Recent years have seen an increase in the application of mobile health tools and advanced technologies, such as remote patient monitoring, with the aim of improving care for diabetes mellitus in pregnancy. Previous studies of these technologies for the treatment of diabetes in pregnancy have been small and have not clearly shown clinical benefit with implementation. Objective: Remote patient monitoring allows clinicians to monitor patients’ health data (such as glucose values) in near real-time, between office visits, to make timely adjustments to care. Our objective was to determine if using remote patient monitoring for the management of diabetes in pregnancy leads to an improvement in maternal and neonatal outcomes. Study Design: This was a retrospective cohort study of pregnant patients with diabetes mellitus managed by the maternal-fetal medicine practice at one academic institution between October 2019 and April 2021. This practice transitioned from paper-based blood glucose logs to remote patient monitoring in February 2020. Remote patient monitoring options included (1) device integration with Bluetooth glucometers that automatically uploaded measured glucose values to the patient's Epic MyChart application or (2) manual entry in which patients manually logged their glucose readings into their MyChart application. Values in the MyChart application directly transferred to the patient's electronic health record for review and management by clinicians. In total, 533 patients were studied. We compared 173 patients managed with paper logs to 360 patients managed with remote patient monitoring (176 device integration and 184 manual entry). Our primary outcomes were composite maternal morbidity (which included third- and fourth-degree lacerations, chorioamnionitis, postpartum hemorrhage requiring transfusion, postpartum hysterectomy, wound infection or separation, venous thromboembolism, and maternal admission to the intensive care unit) and composite neonatal morbidity (which included umbilical cord pH <7.00, 5 minute Apgar score <7, respiratory morbidity, hyperbilirubinemia, meconium aspiration, intraventricular hemorrhage, necrotizing enterocolitis, sepsis, pneumonia, seizures, hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy, shoulder dystocia, trauma, brain or body cooling, and neonatal intensive care unit admission). Secondary outcomes were measures of glycemic control and the individual components of the primary composite outcomes. We also performed a secondary analysis in which the patients who used the two different remote patient monitoring options (device integration vs manual entry) were compared. Chi-square, Fisher's exact, 2-sample t, and Mann-Whitney tests were used to compare the groups. A result was considered statistically significant at P<.05. Results: Maternal baseline characteristics were not significantly different between the remote patient monitoring and paper groups aside from a slightly higher baseline rate of chronic hypertension in the remote patient monitoring group (6.1% vs 1.2%; P=.011). The primary outcomes of composite maternal and composite neonatal morbidity were not significantly different between the groups. However, remote patient monitoring patients submitted more glucose values (177 vs 146; P=.008), were more likely to achieve glycemic control in target range (79.2% vs 52.0%; P<.0001), and achieved the target range sooner (median, 3.3 vs 4.1 weeks; P=.025) than patients managed with paper logs. This was achieved without increasing in-person visits. Remote patient monitoring patients had lower rates of preeclampsia (5.8% vs 15.0%; P=.0006) and their infants had lower rates of neonatal hypoglycemia in the first 24 hours of life (29.8% vs 51.7%; P<.0001). Conclusion: Remote patient monitoring for the management of diabetes mellitus in pregnancy is superior to a traditional paper-based approach in achieving glycemic control and is associated with improved maternal and neonatal outcomes. © 2023 Elsevier Inc.
Adipokines in Pregnancy: A Systematic Review of Clinical Data; Adipokines are signaling proteins involved in metabolic, endocrinological, vascular and immunogenic processes. Associations of various adipokines with not only insulin resistance but also with increased insulin sensitivity, increased systolic blood pressure, and atherosclerosis highlight the significance of adipokines in several components of metabolic syndrome and metabolic diseases in general. As pregnancy presents a unique metabolic state, the role of adipokines in pregnancy, and even in various pregnancy complications, appears to be key to elucidating these metabolic processes. Many studies in recent years have attempted to clarify the role of adipokines in pregnancy and gestational pathologies. In this review, we aim to investigate the changes in maternal adipokine levels in physiological gestation, as well as the association of adipokines with pregnancy pathologies, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and preeclampsia (PE). Furthermore, we will analyze the association of adipokines in both maternal serum and cord blood with parameters of intrauterine growth and various pregnancy outcomes. © 2023 by the authors.
Cohort profile: Bangladesh Cook Stove Pregnancy Cohort Study (CSPCS); Purpose The Cook Stove Pregnancy Cohort Study (CSPCS) was designed to assess the effects of biomass fuel use on household air pollution (HAP) as well as the effects of HAP (fine particulate matter, PM 2.5) on birth outcomes and acute lower respiratory infection (ALRI) among infants in Bangladesh. Participants We recruited 903 women within 18 weeks of pregnancy from rural and semiurban areas of Bangladesh between November 2016 and March 2017. All women and their infants (N=831 pairs) were followed until 12 months after delivery and a subset have undergone respiratory and gut microbiota analysis. Methods Questionnaires were administered to collect detailed sociodemographic, medical, nutritional and behavioural information on the mother-child dyads. Anthropometric measurements and biological samples were also collected, as well as household PM 2.5 concentrations. Findings to date Published work in this cohort showed detrimental effects of biomass fuel and health inequity on birth outcomes. Current analysis indicates high levels of household PM 2.5 being associated with cooking fuel type and infant ALRI. Lastly, we identified distinct gut and respiratory microbial communities at 6 months of age. Future plans This study provides an economical yet effective framework to conduct pregnancy cohort studies determining the health effects of adverse environmental exposures in low-resource countries. Future analyses in this cohort include assessing the effect of indoor PM 2.5 levels on (1) physical growth, (2) neurodevelopment, (3) age of first incidence and frequency of ALRI in infants and (4) the development of the respiratory and gut microbiome. Additional support has allowed us to investigate the effect of in utero exposure to metals on infant neurodevelopment in the first year of life.  © 2023 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and risk of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a prospective cohort study; Background: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs) have been associated with respiratory dysfunction during pregnancy and postpartum. In this study, we explored the associations between HDPs (gestational hypertension and preeclampsia) and the risk of incident asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) during adulthood and the potential mediating role of chronic hypertension. Methods: We included parous nurses in the Nurses’ Health Study II reporting a pregnancy lasting no less than 6 months. The associations between HDPs and asthma and COPD were estimated using Cox proportional hazards models with adjustment for confounders. Findings: We included 73,807 nurses [92.5% (68,246 of 73,807) White] in asthma analyses and 79,843 [92.4% (73,746 of 79,843) White] in COPD analyses, whose mean (SD, range) age, at baseline, were both 34.8 (4.7, 25.0–44.0) years. During 24 years of follow-up, we identified 2663 incident cases of asthma and 537 COPD. Compared with nurses without HDPs, nurses reporting HDPs had an increased HR for incident asthma and COPD of 1.22 (95% CI 1.10–1.36) and 1.39 (95% CI 1.11–1.74), respectively. The risk of asthma was similar when gestational hypertension and preeclampsia were assessed separately [HR = 1.25 (95% CI 1.08–1.43) and 1.24 (95% CI 1.11–1.38), respectively]. However, only nurses with preeclampsia had a higher risk of COPD (HR = 1.41, 95% CI 1.11–1.78). Mediation analyses estimated that chronic hypertension explained 18.6% (95% CI 8.9–35.0%) and 10.7% (95% CI 2.9–32.4%) of the associations between HDPs and asthma and COPD, respectively. Interpretation: HDPs may serve as useful markers of increased susceptibility to chronic respiratory diseases during adulthood. Funding: The National Institutes of Health grants. © 2023 The Authors
Timing and Preventability of Cardiovascular-Related Maternal Death; OBJECTIVE:To describe the clinical profile, management, and potential preventability of maternal cardiovascular deaths.METHODS:We conducted a retrospective, descriptive study of all maternal deaths resulting from a cardiovascular disease during pregnancy or up to 1 year after the end of pregnancy in France from 2007 to 2015. Deaths were identified through the nationwide permanent enhanced maternal mortality surveillance system (ENCMM [Enquête Nationale Confidentielle sur les Morts Maternelles]). Women were classified into four groups based on the assessment of the national experts committee: those who died of a cardiac condition and those who died of a vascular condition and, within these two groups, whether the condition was known before the acute event. Maternal characteristics, clinical features and components of suboptimal care, and preventability factors, which were assessed with a standard evaluation form, were described among those four groups.RESULTS:During the 9-year period, 103 women died of cardiac or vascular disease, which corresponds to a maternal mortality ratio from these conditions of 1.4 per 100,000 live births (95%CI 1.1-1.7). Analyses were conducted on 93 maternal deaths resulting from cardiac (n=70) and vascular (n=23) disease with available data from confidential inquiry. More than two thirds of these deaths occurred in women with no known pre-existing cardiac or vascular condition. Among the 70 deaths resulting from a cardiac condition, 60.7%were preventable, and the main preventability factor was a lack of multidisciplinary prepregnancy and prenatal care for women with a known cardiac disease. For those with no known pre-existing cardiac condition, preventability factors were related mostly to inadequate prehospital care of the acute event, in particular an underestimation of the severity and inadequate investigation of the dyspnea. Among the 23 women who died of a vascular disease, three had previously known conditions. For women with no previously known vascular condition, 47.4%of deaths were preventable, and preventability factors were related mostly to wrong or delayed diagnosis and management of acute intense chest or abdominal pain in a pregnant woman.CONCLUSION:Most maternal deaths attributable to cardiac or vascular diseases were potentially preventable. The preventability factors varied according to the cardiac or vascular site and whether the condition was known before pregnancy. A more granular understanding of the cause and related risk factors for maternal mortality is crucial to identify relevant opportunities for improving care and training health care professionals. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Neurological Disorders Complicating Pregnancy and its Obstetric Outcomes; Objective: To find the common neurological disorders complicating pregnancy and their obstetric outcome. Materials and methods: This was a retrospective study conducted over a period of 3 years and included all pregnant women with a diagnosis of neurologic disorders who were admitted to the Obstetrics and Gynecology Department at St John’s Medical College, St John’s National Academy of Health Sciences (SJNAHS), Bengaluru, Karnataka, India. The study was carried out from January 2016 to December 2018. Results: A total of 60 patients with neurologic disorders were identified during the study period of 3 years. In our study, 57 (95%) women were in the 20–35-year age-group, and the majority were primigravida 38 (63.3%). A total of 56 women (93.3%) delivered at term. A total of 28 (46.6%) women had a cesarean section, and 27 (45%) had a vaginal delivery. Among the neurologic disorders in pregnancy, 36 (60%) women had epilepsy, seven (11.6%) cerebrovascular diseases, six (10%) polio survivors, and four (6.6%) central nervous system (CNS) infections. A total of 16 (44.4%) women with epilepsy (WWE) were seizure-free in index pregnancy, 15 (41.6%) had relapse of seizures during present pregnancy, and five (13.8%) had been newly diagnosed with epilepsy in the index pregnancy. There were no maternal or perinatal deaths. Conclusion: Multidisciplinary approach in a tertiary care center improves both maternal and fetal outcomes. © The Author(s). 2023.
EFFECTS OF DEPRESSION, ANXIETY, OR LOW SELF-ESTEEM UPON GLYCEMIC VARIABILITY, IN DIABETIC PREGNANT VERSUS NON-PREGNANT PATIENTS; Objective. We analyzed the correlation between glycemic variability and psychological problems such as depression, anxiety disorder, and low self-esteem in pregnant and non-pregnant (excluding gestational diabetes) patients with diabetes. Besides its originality, this study might contribute to better / earlier diagnosis of these psychological conditions, with a special interest in pregnant diabetic women. Better management and cost reduction of care could be a consequence. Methods. We compared diabetic pregnant and non-pregnant women from the perspective of the glycemic variability (for a period of 15 days prior inclusion in the study) and their results on the standardized questionnaires: Beck depression inventory, Hamilton anxiety scale – HRSA, Rosenberg self-esteem test. Results and Conclusions. A statistically significant correlation was identified in both groups between the glycemic oscillation and depression, anxiety, and low self-esteem. Diabetic pregnant women had a higher statistical significance for the correlation between the glycemic oscillation and depression, as well as between the glycemic oscillation and anxiety than non-pregnant diabetic patients. The present data justify further research. Our results could be developed into a preliminary intervention protocol, using the daily glycemic values measurements, collected by patients. © 2023, Acta Endocrinologica Foundation. All rights reserved.
Single Sporadic Deceleration during Reactive Nonstress Test—Clinical Significance and Risk for Cesarean Delivery; Objective: Evidence regarding the clinical significance of a single sporadic variable deceleration (SSD) in reactive non-stress test (NST) is scarce, and optimal management has yet to be established. We aim to evaluate whether SSD during a reactive NST at term is associated with a higher risk for fetal heart rate decelerations during labor and the need for intervention. Methods: This was a retrospective, case-control study of singleton term pregnancies at one university-affiliated medical center in 2018. The study group consisted of all pregnancies with an SSD in an otherwise reactive NST. For each case, two consecutive pregnancies without SSD were matched in a 1:2 ratio. The primary outcome was the rate of cesarean delivery (CD) due to non-reassuring fetal heart rate monitoring (NRFHRM). Results: 84 women with an SSD were compared to 168 controls. SSD during antenatal fetal surveillance did not increase the rate of CD overall or for NRFHRM (17.9% vs. 13.7% and 10.7% vs. 7.7%, respectively, p > 0.05). Rates of assisted deliveries and maternal and neonatal complications were similar between the groups. Conclusions: SSD during a reactive NST in term pregnancies is not associated with an increased risk for adverse perinatal outcomes. SSD should not necessarily require induction of labor, and expectant management is a reasonable alternative. © 2023 by the authors.
The Impact of Extreme Heat Exposure on Pregnant People and Neonates: A State of the Science Review; The relationship between heat exposure and perinatal morbidity and mortality is of increasing concern as global temperatures rise and extreme heat events become more frequent and intense. Heat exposure can lead to a multitude of harmful outcomes for pregnant individuals and neonates, including hospitalization and death. This state of the science review explored the evidence on the associations between heat exposure and negative health outcomes during pregnancy and the neonatal period. Findings suggest that improving health care provider and patient awareness of heat-related risks and implementing specific interventions could mitigate adverse outcomes. Furthermore, public health and other policy interventions are needed to increase thermal comfort and reduce societal exposure to extreme heat and related risks. Early warning systems, medical alerts, provider and patient education, and increased access to health care and thermal comfort may improve pregnancy and early life health outcomes. © 2023 Adrienne Arsht – Rockefeller Foundation Resilience Center. Journal of Midwifery & Women's Health published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American College of Nurse Midwives (ACNM).
Pregnancy as an Early Cardiovascular Moment: Peripartum Cardiovascular Health; Pregnancy is commonly referred to as a window into future CVH (cardiovascular health). During pregnancy, physiological adaptations occur to promote the optimal growth and development of the fetus. However, in approximately 20% of pregnant individuals, these perturbations result in cardiovascular and metabolic complications, which include hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, and small-for-gestational age infant. The biological processes that lead to adverse pregnancy outcomes begin before pregnancy with higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes observed among those with poor prepregnancy CVH. Individuals who experience adverse pregnancy outcomes are also at higher risk of subsequent development of cardiovascular disease, which is largely explained by the interim development of traditional risk factors, such as hypertension and diabetes. Therefore, the peripartum period, which includes the period before (prepregnancy), during, and after pregnancy (postpartum), represents an early cardiovascular moment or window of opportunity when CVH should be measured, monitored, and modified (if needed). However, it remains unclear whether adverse pregnancy outcomes reflect latent risk for cardiovascular disease that is unmasked in pregnancy or if adverse pregnancy outcomes are themselves an independent and causal risk factor for future cardiovascular disease. Understanding the pathophysiologic mechanisms and pathways linking prepregnancy CVH, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and cardiovascular disease are necessary to develop strategies tailored for each stage in the peripartum period. Emerging evidence suggests the utility of subclinical cardiovascular disease screening with biomarkers (eg, natriuretic peptides) or imaging (eg, computed tomography for coronary artery calcium or echocardiography for adverse cardiac remodeling) to identify risk-enriched postpartum populations and target for more intensive strategies with health behavior interventions or pharmacological treatments. However, evidence-based guidelines focused on adults with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes are needed to prioritize the prevention of cardiovascular disease during the reproductive years and beyond. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Evaluation of subclinical atherosclerosis and cardiac functions in children of mothers with gestational diabetes and maternal obesity; Background and aims: We aimed to evaluate the effects of maternal obesity or gestational diabetes on body composition, lipid, and glucose metabolism, arterial morphology, and functions in children, and to investigate these effects in terms of cardiometabolic diseases. Methods: The study group was composed of 48 children who had a history of gestational diabetes or maternal obesity, and the control group was composed of 33 children. Echocardiographic assessments were performed. Socio-economic status and education level of mothers were obtained. Results: In the study group, carotid intima-media thickness, epicardial adipose tissue thickness, and arterial stiffness values were found to be significantly higher compared to the control group (p < 0.001, p < 0.001, p = 0.003, respectively), while arterial distensibility and arterial strain values were found to be significantly lower (p = 0.003, p = 0.008, respectively). Among the children who had similar body mass index in both groups, children in the study group had higher carotid intima-media thickness and epicardial adipose tissue thickness values. Arterial stiffness values were significantly reduced (p = 0.028) and arterial distensibility and strain values were significantly increased (p = 0.039, p = 0.033, respectively) in the children whose mothers had gestational diabetes and high socio-economic status. Left ventricular mass and left ventricular end-diastolic internal thickness were found to be significantly increased in the children who had obese and unemployed mothers (p = 0.04, p = 0.03, respectively). Conclusion: Low socio-economic status was found to be associated with increased maternal obesity and gestational diabetes. Poor socio-economic status, poor glycaemic control and being overweight during pregnancy indicate negative cardiometabolic outcomes for children in the long term.  © The Author(s), 2022. Published by Cambridge University Press.
The Prevalence of Cardiovascular Disease Risk among Iraqi women with a history of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Background; cardiovascular disease is the main factor in both death and disability. Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) have a greater risk for future cardiovascular diseases. Objective; Explore the prevalence of cardiovascular risk among women with a history of APOs. Methods; A cross sectional study enrolled 257 women with and without history of APOs, were put into 2 groups accordingly. World Health Organization and the International Society of Hypertension (WHO/ISH) and Framingham risk score (FRS) were used. Laboratory and clinical measures were done. Results; All women enrolled were over 40 years age, women with APOs mostly overweight and obese, positive medical history compared to those without (P<0.01). Among APOs, women with gestational diabetes were in the high-risk level (P <0.01). Medical history of hypertension, diabetes, anemia and hypothyroidism were highly prevalence in women with APOs (P<0.01). Conclusion; FRS, but not WHO/ISH can be used to identify high cardiovascular risk. Gestational diabetes was notable predictor for the high-risk level. © 2023, Colegio de Farmaceuticos de la Provincia de Buenos Aires. All rights reserved.
Risk perception of non-communicable diseases: A systematic review on its assessment and associated factors; Background The burden of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) is increasing. Risk perception of NCDs is an important factor towards the uptake of preventive health interventions. There are various questionnaires assessing risk perception of NCDs, but no internationally standardized questionnaire has been available. Identification of factors associated with risk perception of NCDs may facilitate the development of targeted interventions. This systematic review aims to identify available questionnaire assessing risk perception of NCDs and the factors associated with risk perception of NCDs. Methods The reporting of this systematic review is in accordance with the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines. We carried out a literature search through three databases (Scopus, PubMed, Web of Science) and targeted original article published in English between 2012 and 2021. Quality appraisal of the eligible articles was conducted using the Mixed Methods Appraisal Tool. Findings were synthesized using content analysis. Results A total of 86 studies were included. We found a variety of questionnaires assessing risk perception of NCDs, with many differences in their development, domains, items and validity. We also identified several personal, sociopsychological and structural factors associated with risk perception of NCDs. Limitations Most of the included studies were of cross-sectional design, and therefore the quality of evidence was considered low and exhibit a high risk of bias. The role of publication bias within this systematic review should be acknowledged as we did not include grey literature. Additionally, language bias must be considered as we only included English-language publications. Conclusion Further development and testing of available questionnaire is warranted to ensure their robustness and validity in measuring risk perception of NCDs. All the identified factors deserve further exploration in longitudinal and experimental studies. Copyright: © 2023 Jane Ling et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Association of plant-based dietary patterns in first trimester of pregnancy with gestational weight gain: results from a prospective birth cohort; Background/objectives: Plant-based dietary patterns are becoming more popular worldwide. We aimed to examine the relationship between plant-based dietary patterns and the risk of inadequate or excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) in Iranian pregnant women. Methods: We prospectively followed 657 pregnant women in Iran. Adherence to the plant-based diet, represented by plant-based (PDI), healthy (hPDI) and unhealthy plant-based (uPDI) dietary indexes was evaluated by applying a 90-item food frequency questionnaire during the first trimester of pregnancy. Multivariable-adjusted Cox proportional-hazards regression model was used to compute hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) across quartiles of plant-based diet scores. Results: Over 25,562 person-weeks of follow-up, we documented 106 and 294 participants with inadequate and excessive GWG, respectively. We found a strong inverse association between adherence to the PDI and inadequate GWG after adjustment for demographic and confounding variables. Women in the highest quartile of the PDI had 50% lower risk of inadequate GWG than those in the lowest quartile (adjusted HR: 0.50; 95%CI 0.29, 0.89; P = 0.02). No significant association was found between hPDI and uPDI and inadequate GWG. There was no association between PDI, hPDI, and uPDI and the risk of excessive GWG. Conclusions: Greater adherence to a plant-based diet during the first trimester of pregnancy may be associated with a lower risk of inadequate GWG. This finding needs to be confirmed in larger cohort studies, considering other pregnancy outcomes such as birth weight and the potential changes across the trimester in terms of food types and quantity. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
Structured group education programme and accompanying mHealth intervention to promote physical activity in women with a history of gestational diabetes: A randomised controlled trial; Aims: Assess effectiveness of a hybrid intervention targeting physical activity in women with prior gestational diabetes. Methods: Randomised controlled trial with parallel arms. 293 women (35.1 ± 5.1 years; 40% ethnic minority) recruited from two hospitals and randomised to routine care or hybrid lifestyle intervention comprising two group sessions and access to a mobile web app. Primary outcome was a change in objectively measured physical activity at 12 months. Secondary outcomes included self-efficacy for exercise, quality of life and anxiety and depression. Linear regression compared outcome measures between groups. Results: 83% of intervention participants attended at least one group session, of who 66% registered to use the app. There was a non-significant increase in physical activity at 12 months (between-group difference of 0.95 mg [95% CI: −0.46 to 2.37]), equivalent to approximately 500 steps per day. Intervention participants reported higher self-efficacy for exercise (0.54, 95% CI: 0.05 to 1.102; p = 0.029), lower anxiety (−0.91, 95% CI: −1.74 to −0.09; p = 0.031), and higher quality of life (0.05, 95% CI: 0.004 to 0.09; p = 0.032), compared to controls. Conclusions: The intervention improved confidence in exercise and quality of life. Further research is needed to improve participant engagement with physical activity interventions in multi-ethnic populations with a history of gestational diabetes. © 2023 The Authors. Diabetic Medicine published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Diabetes UK.
High Versus Low Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet for Prevention of Diabetes Mellitus Type 2: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Diabetes mellitus type 2 (DMT-2) presents with a growing incidence, and its complications contribute mainly to cardiovascular disease and overall mortality. DMT-2 prevention and early stage management include lifestyle modification by adopting healthy eating patterns and increasing physical activity levels. The Mediterranean diet (MD) is associated with beneficial effects on human health and has been found effective for preventing and managing DMT-2. The purpose of this meta-analysis is to investigate whether the level of MD adherence plays a role in DMT-2 prevention and to what extent. A systematic literature search in PubMed, EMBASE, Web of Science Core Collection, Scopus, and Google Scholar databases was conducted until November 2022, and related observational studies fulfilling the eligibility criteria were included. The literature search concluded with 24 studies in the qualitative analysis and 23 studies in the quantitative analysis. Of those, 18 cohort studies were eligible for meta-analysis with hazard ratio as effect size and five studies providing odds ratio as effect size. The cohort studies included 248,140 participants with a mean follow-up of 10.8 years (3 to 22 years). Individuals with high adherence to MD presented an 11% and 18% decrease in risk and odds, respectively, of developing DMT-2 compared to those with low MD adherence (HR 0.89, 95%CI 0.83 to 0.95) and (OR 0.82, 95%CI 0.72 to 0.93). In studies where the follow-up was longer than 10 years, the 12% decrease in the risk of developing DMT-2 remained (HR 0.88 95%CI 0.84 to 0.92), whereas in studies where follow-up was less than 10 years, no difference between groups with different levels of adherence was found. Long-term high MD adherence is associated with a reduced risk of developing DMT-2, but further studies are needed to confirm these results. © 2023 by the authors.
Left ventricular diastolic function in the fifth decade of life in women with a history of spontaneous preterm birth; Objective: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the number one cause of death in women and defining its risk factors is necessary to reduce its prevalence. A history of preeclampsia is shown to be associated with hypertension and alterations in left ventricular (LV) diastolic function parameters. Because of overlapping mechanisms between preeclampsia and spontaneous preterm birth (SPTB), our most recent study investigated the association between SPTB and hypertension, and found an almost 2 times higher prevalence of hypertension after SPTB. No previous studies have focused on the association between SPTB and LV diastolic function. The aim of this study is to investigate LV diastolic function as potential early parameter of CVD in women with a history of SPTB. Study design: We included cases with a history of SPTB between 22 and 37 weeks and controls who had a term birth. Women with hypertensive disorders or gestational diabetes in any of their pregnancies, were excluded. Both groups underwent cardiovascular risk assessment and transthoracic echocardiography 9 to 16 years after pregnancy. Echocardiographic measures were adjusted using a linear regression analysis accounting for hypertension and other risk factors known to be associated with CVD. A subgroup analysis was performed based on hypertension at follow-up. Results: A total of 94 cases and 94 controls were included, on average 13 years after pregnancy. There were no significant differences in LV diastolic function parameters. Women with a history of SPTB and diagnosed hypertension at follow-up, showed significant higher late diastolic mitral flow velocity, lower e'septal velocity and higher E/e'ratio, compared to women with a history of SPTB without hypertension, although within normal ranges. Conclusions: When a history of SPTB is accompanied by hypertension at follow-up, significant changes in LV diastolic function were seen. Therefore, hypertension is the central factor in preventive screening methods, and transthoracic echocardiography has no additional value at this follow-up duration. © 2023 The Author(s)
Real-World Patterns of Basal Insulin Use with Other Diabetes Medications Among People with Type 2 Diabetes Between 2014 and 2020; Introduction: Basal insulin’s position in the type 2 diabetes (T2D) treatment paradigm has undergone significant revisions since the advent of diabetes medications such as glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists (GLP-1RAs) and sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT-2is), which offer cardiorenal protection for people with T2D (PwT2D). This study aimed to characterize the demographic, clinical, and diabetes medication utilization patterns of PwT2D initiating basal insulin between 2014 and 2020 over the time period when these revisions were occurring. Methods: A retrospective study was conducted using the IBM® MarketScan® databases and included adults with T2D who initiated basal insulin therapy (basal insulin initiators) in 2015, 2017, or 2019. Patient characteristics, medication utilization patterns, and time to add an additional diabetes drug class were compared across years. Characteristics of users of basal insulin-GLP-1RA combination therapy (GLP-1RA-basal insulin dual users) were also compared across years. Results: Between 2015 and 2019, initiation of basal insulin therapy remained steady, with 1.6–1.9% of PwT2D starting basal insulin in each year. GLP-1RA and SGLT-2i use increased pre- and post-basal insulin initiation (pre-basal: GLP-1RA, from 14.8% to 25.2%, p < 0.0001; SGLT-2i, from 11.4% to 20.5%, p < 0.0001; post-basal: GLP-1RA, from 16.7% to 30.5%, p < 0.0001; SGLT-2i, from 13.4% to 23.3%, p < 0.0001]). The proportion of PwT2D with underlying cardiovascular and renal diseases did not increase during this period. Among basal insulin initiators without prior GLP-1RA, SGLT-2i, or bolus insulin use, time to adding on these agents decreased, with 14.0–15.6% starting bolus insulin within the first year. Among GLP-1RA-basal insulin dual initiators, the proportion of those with underlying cardiovascular disease was not higher among GLP-1RA first users. Conclusions: In this real-world study, insulin remained key in the T2D treatment paradigm. A growing proportion of PwT2D utilized GLP-1RAs and SGLT-2is before and after initiation of basal insulin therapy. At the same time, there was no increase in the proportion of those initiating basal insulin who had cardiorenal comorbidity profiles for which treatment guidelines have recommended the use of GLP-1RAs or SGLT-2is. © 2023, The Author(s).
Renal hyperfiltration revisited—Role of the individual body surface area on mortality; Background: Higher than normal estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), i.e. renal hyperfiltration (RHF), has been associated with mortality. Methods: A population-based screening program in Finland identified 1747 apparently healthy middle-aged cardiovascular risk subjects in 2005–2007. GFR was estimated with the creatinine-based Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration (CKD-EPI) equation indexed for 1.73 m2 and for the actual body surface area (BSA) of the subjects. This individually corrected eGFR was calculated as eGFR (ml/min/BSA m2) = eGFR (ml/min/1.73 m2) x (BSA/1.73). BSA was calculated by the Mosteller formula. RHF was defined as eGFR of more than 1.96 SD above the mean eGFR of healthy individuals. All-cause mortality was obtained from the national registry. Results: The higher the eGFR, the greater was the discrepancy between the two GFR estimating equations. During the 14 years of follow-up, 230 subjects died. There were no differences in mortality rates between the categories of individually corrected eGFR (p = 0.86) when adjusted for age, sex, body mass index, systolic BP, total cholesterol, new diabetes, current smoking, and alcohol use. The highest eGFR category was associated with increased standardized mortality rate (SMR) when CKD-EPI formula indexed for 1.73 m2 was used, but SMR was at the population level when individually corrected eGFR was applied. Conclusions: Higher than normal eGFR calculated by the creatinine-based CKD-EPI equation is associated with all-cause mortality when indexed to 1.73 m2, but not when indexed to actual BSA of a person. This challenges the current perception of the harmfulness of RHF in apparently healthy individuals. © 2023 The Author(s)
Maternal diabetes mellitus and birth defects in Taiwan: A 5-year nationwide population-based cohort study; Background: Birth defects (BDs) are the main causes of mortality and disability in infants and children. Associations between maternal diabetes mellitus (DM), including gestational DM (GDM) and pregestational DM (type 1 or type 2), and the risk of BDs have been reported. This study aims to determine the relationship between maternal DM and BDs and to investigate whether reducing the incidence of DM can decrease the incidence of BDs. Methods: We identified all births in Taiwan from the National Birth Defects Surveillance Program between January 1, 2010, and December 31, 2014. Information on the infants' characteristics (sex, gestational age, and birth weight) and mothers' characteristics (age, parity, and associated diseases, including DM) were obtained from the National Birth Registry and National Health Insurance Research Database (NHIRD) in Taiwan. BDs were coded according to the International Classification of Diseases, 9th Revision - Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) codes 740-759. Results: Multiple logistic regression analysis with adjusted odds ratio (aOR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) for all BDs showed that the aOR (95% CI) was 1.002 (0.965-1.041), and the p-value was 0.9139 in the GDM group. In the type 1 DM group, the aOR (95% CI) was 1.748 (1.110-2.754), and the p-value was 0.016. In the type 2 DM group, the aOR (95%CI) was 1.175 (1.005-1.375), 1.331 (1.196-1.482), and 1.391 (1.216-1.592), and the p-value was 0.0437, <0.0001, and <0.0001 for the duration of mothers with type 2 DM <2, 2 to 5, >5 years, respectively. Conclusion: Mothers with pregestational DM (type 1 or type 2) increase the incidence of BD. Appropriate maternal glycemic control may achieve good pregnancy and perinatal outcomes.  Copyright © 2023, the Chinese Medical Association.
Surveys on management of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome in ten hospitals in Northwest China in 2016 and 2021; Objective To analyze the status of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) management in 10 hospitals in Northwest China over the past five years and to investigate the strategies for improving the prevention and treatment of RDS. Methods This retrospective study involved premature infants with RDS who were admitted to the neonatal intensive care units (NICU) of 10 hospitals (six in Shaanxi Province, three in Gansu Province, and one in Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region) of the Northwest China Neonatal Collaborative Group within 3 d after birth from January 1 to December 31, 2016, and from January 1 to December 31, 2021. Basic information, perinatal condition, treatment approaches, complications, and prognosis of the patients were compared. T-test, rank sum, and Chi-square tests were used for statistical analysis. Result (1) This study enrolled 322 premature infants with RDS in 2016 and 349 in 2021. Premature infants at the gestational age of 30 to 33 weeks were mainly affected, and the majority were male [64.3% (207/322) and 57.3% (200/349)]. The average maternal age in 2021 was older than that in 2016 [(30.6±4.8) years vs (28.6±5.4) years, t=24.02, P<0.001], and the proportion of women at advanced maternal age was also higher in 2021 [19.2% (67/349) vs 12.4% (40/322), χ2=4.18, P<0.05]. (2) The proportions of pregnancies conceived with assisted reproductive technologies [11.7% (41/349) vs 1.9% (6/322), χ2=25.12], underwent routine prenatal examinations [58.5% (204/349) vs 30.4% (98/322), χ2=53.33], exposed to steroids [62.2% (217/349) vs 28.6% (92/322), χ2=82.58] and delivered by cesarean section or elective cesarean section [73.6% (257/349) vs 51.6% (166/322), χ2=35.06; 24.1% (84/ 349) vs 6.5% (21/322), χ2=39.07], as well as the ratio of cesarean scar pregnancy [7.4% (26/349) vs 3.4% (11/322), χ2=5.23] were all higher in 2021 than those in 2016 (all P<0.05). Moreover, the incidence of fetal distress [30.1% (105/349) vs 20.2% (65/322), χ2=8.68], gestational hypertension [24.6% (86/349) vs 13.0% (42/322), χ2=14.59], premature rupture of membranes [16.0% (56/349) vs 10.2% (33/322), χ2=4.89], meconium-stained amniotic fluid [12.6% (44/349) vs 5.6% (18/322), χ2=9.83], placental abruption [10.3% (36/349) vs 5.3% (17/322), χ2=5.84], gestational diabetes mellitus [10.3% (36/349) vs 1.6%(5/322), χ2=22.41], chorioamnionitis [4.6%(16/349) vs 0.9% (3/322), χ2=8.12], thyroid dysfunction [4.3% (15/349) vs 0.6% (2/322), χ2=7.88] and heart disease [4.3% (15/349) vs 0.3% (1/322), χ2=9.17] were higher in 2021 than in 2016 (all P<0.05). (3) In 2021, the rate of pulmonary surfactant (PS) usage, the dosage of porcine PS, and the proportion of bovine PS usage were all significantly higher than those in 2016 [73.6% (257/349) vs 67.1% (216/322), χ2=11.62; (178.5±38.0) mg/kg vs (165.2±42.8) mg/kg, t=7.85; 47.9% (123/257) vs 19.4% (42/216), χ2=41.72; all P<0.01]. No significant difference in the incidence of intubation-surfactant-extubation (INSURE), early PS administration (≤2 h after birth), or the arterial blood gas values before and after PS treatment was found between the cases enrolled in 2021 and 2016. The duration of antibiotic treatment [7.0 d (5.0-14.0 d) vs 5.0 d (1.0-8.0 d), Z=7.55] and assisted ventilation [144 h (81-264 h) vs 73 h (47-134 h), Z=8.20] and the median hospital stay [24 d(14-42 d) vs 16 d (10-25 d), Z=6.74] were significantly longer in 2021 than in 2016 (all P<0.01). More patients required nasal intermittent positive pressure ventilation [29.6% (100/338) vs 1.0% (3/306), χ2=97.81] and conventional ventilation [42.6% (144/338) vs 30.1% (92/306), χ2=10.87] in 2021 as compared with those five years ago (both P<0.01). (4) In 2021, the incidence of patent ductus arteriosus [15.5% (54/349) vs 6.2% (20/322), χ2=63.40], bronchopulmonary dysplasia [9.2% (32/349) vs 2.8% (9/322), χ2=12.88], persistent pulmonary hypertension [5.4% (19/349) vs 0.6% (2/322), χ2=12.85], periventricular leukomalacia [4.3% (15/349) vs 1.2% (4/322), χ2=7.52] and pneumothorax [3.4% (12/349) vs 0.3% (1/322), χ2=9.68] increased as compared with those in 2016 (all P<0.05), while the incidence of nosocomial infection decreased significantly [7.4% (26/349) vs 19.6% (63/322), χ2=21.37, P<0.001]. (5) The cure rate of premature infants with RDS was 70.8% (247/349) in 2021, which was significantly higher than that in 2016 [56.2% (181/322), χ2=15.37, P<0.001]. Moreover, the rate of withdrawing treatment and the total mortality rate was lower in 2021 than in 2016 [7.7% (27/349) vs 14.3% (46/322), χ2=7.41; in-hospital: 1.4% (5/349) vs 5.6% (18/322), χ2=8.74; out of hospital: 8.3% (29/349) vs 13.7% (44/322), χ2=4.96; all P<0.05]. Conclusions The clinical management of RDS in premature infants in the involved hospitals has been improved. However, there is room for improvement in prenatal examinations. © 2023 Authors. All rights reserved.
Consensus document of the Spanish Society of Gynecology and Obstetrics (SEGO) and the Spanish Interdisciplinary Committee for Vascular Prevention (CEIPV). Opportunity window: vascular risk prevention in women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes and risk of vascular disease; This document summarises the evidence regarding the association between adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), such as hypertensive disorders, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, fetal growth defects (small for gestational age and/or fetal growth restriction), placental abruption, fetal loss, and the risk that a pregnant individual in developing vascular risk factors (VR) that may lead to future vascular disease (VD): coronary heart disease, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, and heart failure. Furthermore, this document emphasises the importance of recognising APOs when assessing VR in women. A history of APOs serves as a sufficient indicator for primary prevention of VD. In fact, adopting a healthy diet and increasing physical activity among women with APOs, starting during pregnancy and/or postpartum, and maintaining it throughout life are significant interventions that can reduce VR. On the other hand, breastfeeding can also reduce the future VR of women, including a lower risk of mortality. Future studies evaluating the use of aspirin, statins, and metformin, among others, in women with a history of APOs could strengthen recommendations regarding pharmacotherapy for primary prevention of VD in these patients. Various healthcare system options exist to improve the transition of care for women with APOs between different healthcare professionals and implement long-term VR reduction strategies. One potential process could involve incorporating the “fourth-trimester” concept into clinical recommendations and healthcare policies. © 2023, Sociedad Espanola de Ginecologia y Obstetricia. All rights reserved.
Trends in Cardiovascular Health Counseling among Postpartum Individuals; Importance: Poor prepregnancy cardiovascular health (CVH) and adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are key risk factors for subsequent cardiovascular disease (CVD) in birthing adults. The postpartum visit offers an opportunity to promote CVH among at-risk individuals. Objective: To determine prevalence, predictors, and trends in self-reported CVH counseling during the postpartum visit. Design, Setting, and Participants: Serial, cross-sectional analysis of data from 2016-2020 from the Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (PRAMS), a nationally representative, population-based survey. The primary analysis included individuals who attended a postpartum visit 4 to 6 weeks after delivery with available data on receipt of CVH counseling, self-reported prepregnancy CVD risk factors (obesity, diabetes, and hypertension), and APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and preterm birth) (N = 167705 [weighted N = 8714459]). Exposures: Total number of CVD risk factors (0, 1, or ≥2 prepregnancy risk factors or APOs). Main Outcomes and Measures: Annual, age-adjusted prevalence of self-reported postpartum CVH counseling per 100 individuals, defined as receipt of counseling for healthy eating, exercise, and losing weight gained during pregnancy, was calculated overall and by number of CVD risk factors. Average annual percent change (APC) assessed trends in CVH counseling from 2016 through 2020. Data were pooled to calculate rate ratios (RRs) for counseling that compared individuals with and without CVD risk factors after adjustment for age, education, postpartum insurance, and delivery year. Results: From 2016 through 2020, prevalence of self-reported postpartum CVH counseling declined from 56.2 to 52.8 per 100 individuals among those with no CVD risk factors (APC, -1.4% [95% CI, -1.8% to -1.0%/y]), from 58.5 to 57.3 per 100 individuals among those with 1 risk factor (APC, -0.7% [95% CI, -1.3% to -0.1%/y]), and from 61.9 to 59.8 per 100 individuals among those with 2 or more risk factors (APC, -0.8% [95% CI, -1.3% to -0.3%/y]). Reporting receipt of counseling was modestly higher among individuals with 1 risk factor (RR, 1.05 [95% CI, 1.04 to 1.07]) and with 2 or more risk factors (RR, 1.11 [95% CI, 1.09 to 1.13]) compared with those who had no risk factors. Conclusions and Relevance: Approximately 60% of individuals with CVD risk factors or APOs reported receiving CVH counseling at their postpartum visit. Prevalence of reporting CVH counseling decreased modestly over 5 years.  © 2023 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Role of advanced (magnetic resonance) neuroimaging and clinical outcomes in neonatal strokes: Experience from tertiary care center; Neonatal strokes constitute a major cause of pediatric mortality and morbidity. Neuroimaging helps in its diagnosis as well as prognostication. However, advanced imaging, including magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), carries multiple challenges. Limited data exists in the literature on imaging-based predictors of neurological outcomes in neonatal stroke in the Indian population. In this study, we reviewed our available data on neonatal stroke patients between 2015 and 2020 for clinico-radiological patterns. During this period, 17 neonatal strokes were admitted and the majority were term births with a slight male preponderance. Seizures and encephalopathy were the most common presentation. Multiple maternal risk factors such as gestational diabetes, meconium-stained liquor, APLA syndrome, fever, deranged coagulation profile, oligohydramnios, cord prolapse, and non-progressive labor were seen. Cardiac abnormalities were seen in only less than half of these patients with the most common finding being atrial septal defects (ASD). Transcranial ultrasound was performed in eight neonates and the pick-up rate of ultrasound was poor. MR imaging showed large infarcts in 11 patients. The MCA territory was most commonly involved. Interestingly, five neonates had venous thrombosis with three showing it in addition to arterial thrombosis. Associated ictal, as well as Wallerian changes, were noted in 10. Although large territorial infarcts were the most common pattern, non-contrast MR angiography did not show major vessel occlusion in these cases. Outcomes were fairly good and only three patients had a residual motor deficit at 1 year. No recurrence of stroke was seen in any of the neonates. © The Author(s) 2022.
Fetal Cardiac Function at Midgestation in Women Who Subsequently Develop Gestational Diabetes; Importance: Fetuses in women with gestational diabetes (GD) compared with those without GD show evidence of subclinical cardiac functional and morphological changes. However, it is uncertain whether glycemia or the adverse maternal underlying risk factor profile is the main driver for fetal cardiac remodeling. Objective: To assess cardiac morphology and function at midgestation in fetuses of mothers prior to development of GD and compare them with those of unaffected controls. Design, Setting, and Participants: During this prospective nonintervention screening study at 19 to 23 weeks' gestation, fetal cardiac morphology and function were assessed in all participants. Pregnancy complications were obtained from the medical records of the women. Fetal cardiac morphology and function were assessed in all participants at Harris Birthright Research Institute at King's College Hospital, London, United Kingdom. Participants included pregnant women with singleton pregnancy who attended their routine fetal ultrasound examination at midgestation and agreed to participate in the Advanced Cardiovascular Imaging Study in pregnancy. Main Outcome and Measures: Comparison of fetal cardiac morphology and function between mothers who subsequently developed GD and those who did not develop GD. Methods: This was a prospective nonintervention screening study of 5620 women with singleton pregnancies at 19 to 23 weeks' gestation. Conventional and more advanced echocardiographic modalities, such as speckle tracking, were used to assess fetal cardiac function in the right and left ventricle. The morphology of the fetal heart was assessed by calculating the right and left sphericity index. Results: The 5620 included patients had a mean age of 33.6 years. In 470 cases, the women were diagnosed with GD after the midgestation echocardiographic assessment (8.4%). Women with GD, compared with the non-GD group, were older, had higher BMI, higher prevalence of family history of diabetes, non-White ethnicity, chronic hypertension, and GD in a previous pregnancy. In fetuses of the GD group compared with the non-GD group, there was mild increase in interventricular millimeter thickness (0.04; 95% CI, 0.03-0.06 mm) and left atrial area (0.04; 95% CI, 0.04-0.05), whereas left and right functional indices were comparable between groups with the exception of left ventricular ejection fraction, which was marginally improved in the GD group (0.02; 95% CI, 0.03-0.03). Conclusions and Relevance: This study demonstrates that prior to development of GD, there was mild alteration in fetal cardiac morphology without affecting cardiac function. This suggests that the adverse maternal risk factor profile and not only the glycemia might contribute to cardiac remodeling noted in fetuses of women with GD.. © 2023 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Phytotherapy for diabetes: An overview of Indian traditional plants with saponins as a phytoconstituent; The present article consists of the basic knowledge about diabetes with its classification as Type 1, Type 2, gestational diabetes as well as other types of diabetes mellitus (DM). Diabetes mellitus is a long-term metabolic disorder defined by increased blood glucose levels. Insulin secretion and action are defective in diabetic patients. Diabetes leads to irreversible damage and failure of many organs because of chronic hyperglycemia. They have a complex etiology that arises when the equilibrium of offensive and protective components is altered. The limited effectiveness and severe adverse effects of the currently available medications make treatment extremely difficult. In experimental models of anti-diabetic preparations, natural items such as herbal plants and their extracted components have been frequently used. Saponins, a glycosidic molecule, is proven to have therapeutic potential and they are used as an alternative treatment for insulin in diabetic patients. Saponin-induced dyslipidemia will aid diabetic people in lowering their risk of cardiovascular disease and atherosclerosis. This review aims to explain the antidiabetic function of saponins as well as its potential in the management of diabetes © The Author(s). This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/ by/4.0/)
Red meat consumption, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims: Observational studies show inconsistent associations of red meat consumption with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes. Moreover, red meat consumption varies by sex and setting, however, whether the associations vary by sex and setting remains unclear. Methods and results: This systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted to summarize the evidence concerning the associations of unprocessed and processed red meat consumption with CVD and its subtypes [coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, and heart failure], type two diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to assess differences by sex and setting (western vs. eastern, categorized based on dietary pattern and geographic region). Two researchers independently screened studies from PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, and the Cochrane Library for observational studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published by 30 June 2022. Forty-three observational studies (N = 4 462 810, 61.7% women) for CVD and 27 observational studies (N = 1 760 774, 64.4% women) for diabetes were included. Red meat consumption was positively associated with CVD [hazard ratio (HR) 1.11, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.05 to 1.16 for unprocessed red meat (per 100 g/day increment); 1.26, 95% CI 1.18 to 1.35 for processed red meat (per 50 g/day increment)], CVD subtypes, T2DM, and GDM. The associations with stroke and T2DM were higher in western settings, with no difference by sex. Conclusion: Unprocessed and processed red meat consumption are both associated with higher risk of CVD, CVD subtypes, and diabetes, with a stronger association in western settings but no sex difference. Better understanding of the mechanisms is needed to facilitate improving cardiometabolic and planetary health.  © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Cardiology. All rights reserved.
Machine learning applications for early-stage diagnosis of diabatic patients; In this paper, machine learning techniques are used to analyze medical data obtained during the early phases of life safety. Diabetes is a life-threatening condition for which there is no cure. A person suffering from this illness will be afflicted by it for the rest of their lives. In addition to this, too much glucose in the blood can cause health problems. Among the medical conditions that can cause damage to the kidneys are kidney diseases, heart diseases, strokes, dental problems, foot problems, and nerve damage. Thus, it is important to take preventative measures to care for one's medical health. It is possible to access a large number of medical datasets in various formats, each partitioned for an analytical objective that is utilized in real-world applications. An example would be the analysis of disease data. Globally, diabetic diseases are becoming one of the leading causes of morality. In contrast, there are other types of diabetes that can occur during pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes. Having gestational diabetes can harm health and the health of unborn child. Diagnoses and treatment of diabetes can be managed by using machine learning and data mining techniques. To organize and analyze symptoms in medical data, different factors were used in various studies at different phases. Based on data from the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases, this study examined 750 cases. The research examined recent advances in machine learning, which have had a substantial effect on diabetes detection and diagnosis. In this study, machine learning techniques were used to categorize diabetic patients. The accuracy of categorization is achieved through the classification of diabetic patients. K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN) is the most widely used machine learning prediction method. This study employed the KNN algorithm methodology to identify the degree of health condition and performance as well as create new medicines using medical data.  © 2023 Author(s).
Placental abruption at near-term and term gestations: pathophysiology, epidemiology, diagnosis, and management; Placental abruption is the premature separation of the placenta from its uterine attachment before the delivery of a fetus. The clinical manifestations of abruption typically include vaginal bleeding and abdominal pain with a wide variety of abnormal fetal heart rate patterns. Clinical challenges arise when pregnant people with this condition present with profound vaginal bleeding, necessitating urgent delivery, especially when there is a concern for maternal and fetal compromise and coagulopathy. Abruption occurs in 0.6% to 1.2% of all pregnancies, with nearly half of abruption occurring at term gestations. An exposition of abruption at near-term (defined as the late preterm period from 34 0/7 to 36 6/7 weeks of gestation) and term (defined as ≥37 weeks of gestation) provides unique insights into its direct effects, as risks associated with preterm birth do not impact outcomes. Here, we explore the pathophysiology, epidemiology, and diagnosis of abruption. We discuss the interaction of chronic processes (decidual and uteroplacental vasculopathy) and acute processes (shearing forces applied to the abdomen) that underlie the pathophysiology. Risk factors for abruption and strengths of association are summarized. Sonographic findings of abruption and fetal heart rate tracings are presented. In addition, we propose a management algorithm for acute abruption that incorporates blood loss, vital signs, and urine output, among other factors. Lastly, we discuss blood component therapy, viscoelastic point-of-care testing, disseminated intravascular coagulopathy, and management of abruption complicated by fetal death. The review seeks to provide comprehensive, clinically focused guidance during a gestational age range when neonatal outcomes can often be favorable if rapid and evidence-based care is optimized. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Markers of Cardiovascular Risk Associated with Pregnancy; Purpose of Review: The purpose of the review is to summarize the unique cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors encountered during pregnancy and to provide the reader with a framework for acquiring a comprehensive obstetric history during the cardiovascular (CV) assessment of women. Recent Findings: Individuals with a history of pregnancies complicated by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes (GDM), preterm delivery, low birth weight, and fetal growth restriction during pregnancy are at a higher risk of developing short- and long-term CV complications compared to those without adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs). Women with a history of APOs can be at increased risk of CVD even after achieving normoglycemia and normal blood pressure control postpartum. Risk assessment and stratification in women must account for these APOs as recommended by the 2019 American College of Cardiology (ACC)/American Heart Association (AHA) guideline on the primary prevention of CVD. Early recognition, monitoring, and treatment of APOs are key to limiting CVD complications late in maternal life. Summary: Recognition of APOs as female-specific cardiovascular risk factors is critical for risk stratification for women and birthing persons. Further research is needed to understand the complex interplay between genetics, environmental, behavioral, and maternal vascular health, and the association between APOs and CVD risk. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Women’s Reproductive Milestones and Cardiovascular Disease Risk: A Review of Reports and Opportunities From the CARDIA Study; In 1985 to 1986, the CARDIA (Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults) study enrolled 5115 Black or White participants, including 2788 women, aged 18 to 30 years. Over the following 35 years, the CARDIA study amassed extensive longitudinal data on women’s reproductive milestones, spanning menarche to menopause. Although not initially conceived as a study of women’s health, >75 CARDIA study publications address relationships between reproductive factors and events with cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors, subclinical and clinical cardiovascular disease, and social determi-nants of health. The CARDIA study was one of the earliest population-based reports to note Black-White differences in age at menarche and associations with cardiovascular risk factors. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, particularly gestational diabetes and preterm birth, have been assessed along with postpartum behaviors, such as lactation. Existing studies have examined risk factors for adverse pregnancy outcomes and lactation, as well as their relationship to future cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors, diagnoses, and subclinical atherosclerosis. Ancillary studies examining components of polycystic ovary syndrome and ovarian biomarkers, such as anti-Müllerian hormone, have facilitated examination of reproductive health in a population-based cohort of young adult women. As the cohort transitioned through menopause, examination of the importance of pre-menopausal cardiovascular risk factors along with menopause has improved our understanding of shared mechanisms. The cohort is now aged in the 50s to mid-60s, and women will begin to experience a greater number of cardiovascular events as well as other conditions, such as cognitive impairment. Thus, in the next decade, the CARDIA study will provide a unique resource for understanding how the women’s reproductive life course epidemiology informs cardiovascular risk, as well as reproductive and chronological aging. © 2023 The Authors. Published on behalf of the American Heart Association, Inc., by Wiley.
Independent factors associated with birth defects during the whole of pregnancy in Shenyang City, China: a case-control study; Background: Birth defects, as a kind of diseases that seriously affect human life, have always attracted much attention. In the past, perinatal data have been studied for birth defects. This study analyzed the surveillance data of birth defects during the perinatal period and the whole of pregnancy, as well as the independent influencing factors, to help to minimize their risk of birth defects. Methods: A total of 23,649 fetuses delivered in the hospital from January 2017 to December 2020, were enrolled in this study. There were 485 cases of birth defects, including live births and stillbirths by detailed inclusion and exclusion criteria. Maternal and neonatal clinical data were collated to analyze the influencing factors associated with birth defects. Pregnancy complications and comorbidities were diagnosed according to the criteria of the Chinese Medical Association. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression models were used to investigate the association between independent variables and birth defect events. Results: The incidence of birth defects during the whole of pregnancy was 175.46/10,000, while the incidence of perinatal birth defects was 96.22/10,000. The birth defect group had significantly higher maternal age, gravidity, parity, rate of preterm birth, cesarean section (CS) rate, scarred uterus, stillborn, and male newborns compared to the control group. Multivariate logistic regression model analysis showed that preterm birth [odds ratio (OR): 1.69, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.01 to 2.86], CS (OR: 1.46, 95% CI: 1.08 to 1.98), scarred uterus (OR: 1.70, 95% CI: 1.01 to 2.85), and low birth weight (OR >4 compared to the other two classes) were significantly associated with birth defects during the whole of pregnancy (all P<0.05). The independent influencing factors associated with perinatal birth defects included CS (OR: 1.43, 95% CI: 1.05 to 1.93), gestational hypertension (OR: 1.70, 95%: 1.04 to 2.78), and low birth weight (OR >3.70 compared to the other two classes). Conclusions: The discovery and monitoring of known influencing factors associated with birth defects, such as, preterm birth, gestational hypertension, low birth weight, should be enhanced. For the controllable influencing factors, obstetrics providers should work with patients to minimize their risk of birth defects. © Translational Pediatrics. All rights reserved.
Genetics and Epigenetics: Implications for the Life Course of Gestational Diabetes; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is one of the most common complications of pregnancy, affecting as many as one in six pregnancies. It is associated with both short- and long-term adverse outcomes for the mother and fetus and has important implications for the life course of affected women. Advances in genetics and epigenetics have not only provided new insight into the pathophysiology of GDM but have also provided new approaches to identify women at high risk for progression to postpartum cardiometabolic disease. GDM and type 2 diabetes share similarities in their pathophysiology, suggesting that they also share similarities in their genetic architecture. Candidate gene and genome-wide association studies have identified susceptibility genes that are shared between GDM and type 2 diabetes. Despite these similarities, a much greater effect size for MTNR1B in GDM compared to type 2 diabetes and association of HKDC1, which encodes a hexokinase, with GDM but not type 2 diabetes suggest some differences in the genetic architecture of GDM. Genetic risk scores have shown some efficacy in identifying women with a history of GDM who will progress to type 2 diabetes. The association of epigenetic changes, including DNA methylation and circulating microRNAs, with GDM has also been examined. Targeted and epigenome-wide approaches have been used to identify DNA methylation in circulating blood cells collected during early, mid-, and late pregnancy that is associated with GDM. DNA methylation in early pregnancy had some ability to identify women who progressed to GDM, while DNA methylation in blood collected at 26–30 weeks gestation improved upon the ability of clinical factors alone to identify women at risk for progression to abnormal glucose tolerance post-partum. Finally, circulating microRNAs and long non-coding RNAs that are present in early or mid-pregnancy and associated with GDM have been identified. MicroRNAs have also proven efficacious in predicting both the development of GDM as well as its long-term cardiometabolic complications. Studies performed to date have demonstrated the potential for genetic and epigenetic technologies to impact clinical care, although much remains to be done. © 2023 by the author.
Improving Postpartum and Long-Term Health After an Adverse Pregnancy Outcome: Examining Interventions From a Health Equity Perspective; Gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy are adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) that affect 15% of pregnancies in the United States. These APOs have long-term health implications, with greater risks of future cardiovascular and chronic disease later in life. In this manuscript, we review the importance of timely postpartum follow-up and transition to primary care after APOs for future disease prevention. We also discuss interventions to improve postpartum follow-up and long-term health after an APO. In recognizing racial and ethnic disparities in APOs and chronic disease, we review important considerations of these interventions through a health equity lens.  Copyright © 2023 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Salacca zalacca Peel Ethanolic Extract Protect the Development Process Through the Modulation of Antioxidant in High Glucose Induced Zebra Fish Embryo; Gestational diabetes mellitus induces insulin resistance. This condition is an outcome of delayed glucose metabolism throughout pregnancy that leads to a reduction of glucose uptake facilitated by glucose transporter (GLUT), including GLUTI, produces imbalance of antioxidant expression, and induces abnormal production of ROS. Salacca zalacca (SZ) peel posses antidiabetic and cardioprotective properties. This study observed the effect of SZ peel extract on the expression of GLUT-1 and the development of the zebrafish embryo gestational diabetes model. Zebrafish embryos aged 2 hpf (hour post-fertilization) to 3 dpf (day post-fertilization) were divided into 5 groups [control; exposed to glucose 3%; and glucose 3% + SZ peel extract with concentration of 0.1, 0.2 and 0.4 mg/ml respectively]. Body length and heart rate were measured on 3,4, and 6 dpf, GLUTI expression was measured by q-PCR on 3 dpf. Our study found that glucose increase the heart rate and lowered the body length of the zebrafish embryo. Administration of SZ peel extract significantly reduced the heart rate, increased the body length and the expression of GLUTI (p<0,05). Based on this finding, we conclude that SZ peel extract could prevent growth and development disorder in high glucose-induced zebrafish embryos through modulation of glucose metabolism. © 2023 American Institute of Physics Inc.. All rights reserved.
Diagnosis of Pregnancy Complications Using Blind Ultrasound Sweeps Performed by Individuals Without Prior Formal Ultrasound Training; Objective: To estimate the diagnostic accuracy of blind ultrasound sweeps performed with a low-cost, portable ultrasound system by individuals with no prior formal ultrasound training to diagnose common pregnancy complications. Methods: This is a single-center, prospective cohort study conducted from October 2020 to January 2022 among people with second- and third-trimester pregnancies. Nonspecialists with no prior formal ultrasound training underwent a brief training on a simple eight-step approach to performing a limited obstetric ultrasound examination that uses blind sweeps of a portable ultrasound probe based on external body landmarks. The sweeps were interpreted by five blinded maternal-fetal medicine subspecialists. Sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values for blinded ultrasound sweep identification of pregnancy complications (fetal malpresentation, multiple gestations, placenta previa, and abnormal amniotic fluid volume) were compared with a reference standard ultrasonogram as the primary analysis. Kappa for agreement was also assessed. Results: Trainees performed 194 blinded ultrasound examinations on 168 unique pregnant people (248 fetuses) at a mean of 28±5.85 weeks of gestation for a total of 1,552 blinded sweep cine clips. There were 49 ultrasonograms with normal results (control group) and 145 ultrasonograms with abnormal results with known pregnancy complications. In this cohort, the sensitivity for detecting a prespecified pregnancy complication was 91.7% (95% CI 87.2-96.2%) overall, with the highest detection rate for multiple gestations (100%, 95% CI 100-100%) and noncephalic presentation (91.8%, 95% CI 86.4-97.3%). There was high negative predictive value for placenta previa (96.1%, 95% CI 93.5-98.8%) and abnormal amniotic fluid volume (89.5%, 95% CI 85.3-93.6%). There was also substantial to perfect mean agreement for these same outcomes (range 87-99.6% agreement, Cohen range 0.59-0.91, P<.001 for all). Conclusion: Blind ultrasound sweeps of the gravid abdomen guided by an eight-step protocol using only external anatomic landmarks and performed by previously untrained operators with a low-cost, portable, battery-powered device had excellent sensitivity and specificity for high-risk pregnancy complications such as malpresentation, placenta previa, multiple gestations, and abnormal amniotic fluid volume, similar to results of a diagnostic ultrasound examination using a trained ultrasonographer and standard-of-care ultrasound machine. This approach has the potential to improve access to obstetric ultrasonography globally. © 2023 by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Multigenerational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes (GDM) changes the maternal metabolic and uterine environment, thus increasing the risk of short- and long-term adverse outcomes for both mother and child. Children of mothers who have GDM during their pregnancy are more likely to develop Type 2 Diabetes (T2D), early-onset cardiovascular disease and GDM when they themselves become pregnant, perpetuating a multigenerational increased risk of metabolic disease. The negative effect of GDM is exacerbated by maternal obesity, which induces a greater derangement of fetal adipogenesis and growth. Multiple factors, including genetic, epigenetic and metabolic, which interact with lifestyle factors and the environment, are likely to contribute to the development of GDM. Genetic factors are particularly important, with 30% of women with GDM having at least one parent with T2D. Fetal epigenetic modifications occur in response to maternal GDM, and may mediate both multi- and transgenerational risk. Changes to the maternal metabolome in GDM are primarily related to fatty acid oxidation, inflammation and insulin resistance. These might be effective early biomarkers allowing the identification of women at risk of GDM prior to the development of hyperglycaemia. The impact of the intra-uterine environment on the developing fetus, “developmental programming”, has a multisystem effect, but its influence on adipogenesis is particularly important as it will determine baseline insulin sensitivity, and the response to future metabolic challenges. Identifying the critical window of metabolic development and developing effective interventions are key to our ability to improve population metabolic health. Copyright © 2024 Thornton, Shah, Lillycrop, Cui, Johnson and Singh.
Diminished ovarian reserve is a risk factor for preeclampsia and placental malperfusion lesions; Objective: To assess obstetric outcomes and placental findings in pregnancies attained by in vitro fertilization (IVF) in patients with diminished ovarian reserve (DOR). Design: Retrospective cohort study. Setting: University-affiliated tertiary hospital. Interventions: DOR, defined as an antral follicle count (AFC) of 6 or less (DOR group), compared with patients with no DOR and an antral count above 6 (control group). Patients: Live singleton births after IVF between 2009 and 2017. Main outcome measures: Primary outcomes were placental findings, including anatomic, inflammatory, vascular malperfusion, and villous maturation lesions, as categorized according to the Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group Consensus. Secondary outcomes included obstetric and perinatal outcomes. Results: A total of 110 deliveries of patients with DOR were compared with 772 controls. Maternal age was higher in the DOR group than in the control group (36.3 ± 4.4 years vs. 35.3 ± 4.1 years, P=.02). Patients with DOR were more likely to have a diagnosis of endometriosis (P=.02) and less likely to have a diagnosis of male factor (P<.001), ovulation disorder (P<.001), or tubal factor (P=.04), or a transfer of a blastocyte (P=.007). After adjustment for confounders, pregnancies in the DOR group were notable for a significantly higher rate of preeclampsia (8.1% vs. 2.7%, adjusted odds ratio: 3.05, 95% confidence interval: 1.33–6.97). On placental examination, DOR was associated with a higher rate of fetal vasculopathy (P=.01) and multiple fetal vascular malperfusion lesions (P=.03), and a lower rate of circummarginate insertion (P=.01) and intervillous thrombosis (P=.02). Conclusion: DOR, specifically defined as an AFC of 6 or less, is associated with a higher incidence of preeclampsia and multiple placental fetal vascular lesions. © 2023 American Society for Reproductive Medicine
Platelets and endothelial dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has increased in recent years, along with the higher prevalence of obesity in women of reproductive age. GDM is a pathology associated with vascular dysfunction in the fetoplacental unit. GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction alters the transfer of nutrients to the foetus affecting newborns and pregnant women. Various mechanisms for this vascular dysfunction have been proposed, of which the most studied are metabolic alterations of the vascular endothelium. However, different cell types are involved in GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction, including platelets. Platelets are small, enucleated cell fragments that actively take part in blood haemostasis and thrombus formation. Thus, they play crucial roles in pathologies coursing with endothelial dysfunction, such as atherosclerosis, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes mellitus. Nevertheless, platelet function in GDM is understudied. Several reports show a potential relationship between platelet volume and mass with GDM; however, platelet roles and signaling mechanisms in GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction are unclear. This review summarizes the reported findings and proposes a link among altered amount, volume, mass, reactivity, and function of platelets and placenta development, resulting in fetoplacental vascular dysfunction in GDM. © 2023 Scandinavian Physiological Society. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Manually Controlled, Continuous Infusion of Phenylephrine or Norepinephrine for Maintenance of Blood Pressure and Cardiac Output during Spinal Anesthesia for Cesarean Delivery: A Double-Blinded Randomized Study; BACKGROUND: To counteract the vasoplegia induced by spinal anesthesia (SA) and maintain blood pressure (BP) during cesarean delivery, phenylephrine is currently recommended, but norepinephrine might offer superior preservation of cardiac output. We aimed to compare the hemodynamic effects of phenylephrine and norepinephrine administered by manually adjusted continuous infusion during elective cesarean delivery. METHODS: In this pragmatic, parallel-group, double-blind randomized controlled trial, 124 parturients scheduled for elective cesarean delivery under SA in a tertiary maternity in France, between February 2019 and December 2020, were randomized to receive norepinephrine at a starting rate of 0.05 μg·kg-1·min-1(n = 62) or phenylephrine at a starting rate of 0.5 μg·kg-1·min-1(n = 62). In both groups, the vasopressor infusion rate was then manually adjusted to maintain maternal systolic BP above 90% of the baseline value. The primary outcome, the change in cardiac index (CI) measured by thoracic bioreactance from SA to umbilical cord clamping, was analyzed through repeated measures analysis of variance and post hoc t tests. Secondary outcomes included maternal BP and neonatal outcomes. RESULTS: In the norepinephrine group, cardiac index was maintained between 90% and 100% of baseline from SA to umbilical cord clamping, whereas it was maintained at significantly lower values (81%-88%) in the phenylephrine group (P =.001). The percentage of elapsed time with a mean maternal BP <65 mm Hg and with systolic BP <80% of the baseline value was higher in the phenylephrine group: 2.9% (7.3) vs 0.5% (1.8) (absolute risk difference [ARD], -2.4%; 95% confidence interval, -4.4 to -0.5; P =.012) and 8.5% (16.6) vs 2.3% (5.2) (ARD, -6.2%; 95% confidence interval, -10.6 to -1.8; P =.006). Excluding parturients with gestational diabetes, severe neonatal hypoglycemia was more common in the phenylephrine group at 19.6% (9/46) vs 4.1% (2/49) (P =.02). The other neonatal outcomes did not differ significantly between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: When administered by manually adjusted infusion during SA for cesarean delivery, norepinephrine was associated with a higher CI; both infusions were effective for maintaining BP. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Maternal Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Congenital Heart Disease in Offspring: A Meta-Analysis; Maternal diabetes has been related to an increased risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring. However, inconsistent results were retrieved for studies evaluating the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and CHD in offspring. We therefore performed a systematic review and meta-analysis for comprehensive investigation. Observational studies were identified by searching PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science according to the aim of the meta-analysis. A randomized-effects model was used to pool the data by incorporating the influence of potential heterogeneity. Twenty-three observational studies, involving 46953078 mother-child pairs, were available for the meta-analysis. Among them, 2131800 mothers were diagnosed as GDM and 214379 newborns had CHD. Overall, maternal GDM was associated with a higher incidence of CHD in offspring [odds ratio (OR): 1.32, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.21 to 1.45, p<0.001; I2=62%]. Sensitivity analysis limited to studies with adjustment of maternal age and other potential confounding factors showed similar results (OR: 1.40, 95% CI: 1.30 to 1.51, p<0.001; I2=47%). Subgroup analysis suggested that the association between maternal GDM and CHD in offspring was not significantly affected by methods for diagnosis of GDM, methods for confirmation of CHD, or study quality scores (p for subgroup difference all>0.05). Subsequent analysis according to types of CHD showed that maternal GDM was associated with higher risks of atrial septal defect, ventricular septal defect, and Tetralogy of Fallot. Maternal GDM may be associated with a higher risk of CHD in offspring. © 2023 Georg Thieme Verlag. All rights reserved.
Inference of Causal Relationships Between Genetic Risk Factors for Cardiometabolic Phenotypes and Female-Specific Health Conditions; BACKGROUND: Cardiometabolic diseases are highly comorbid, but their relationship with female-specific or overwhelmingly female-predominant health conditions (breast cancer, endometriosis, pregnancy complications) is understudied. This study aimed to estimate the cross-trait genetic overlap and influence of genetic burden of cardiometabolic traits on health conditions unique to women. METHODS AND RESULTS: Using electronic health record data from 71 008 ancestrally diverse women, we examined relationships between 23 obstetrical/gynecological conditions and 4 cardiometabolic phenotypes (body mass index, coronary artery disease, type 2 diabetes, and hypertension) by performing 4 analyses: (1) cross-trait genetic correlation analyses to compare genetic architecture, (2) polygenic risk score–based association tests to characterize shared genetic effects on disease risk, (3) Mendelian randomization for significant associations to assess cross-trait causal relationships, and (4) chronology analyses to visualize the timeline of events unique to groups of women with high and low genetic burden for cardiometabolic traits and highlight the disease prevalence in risk groups by age. We observed 27 significant associations between cardiometabolic polygenic scores and obstetrical/gynecological conditions (body mass index and endometrial cancer, body mass index and polycystic ovarian syndrome, type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes and polycystic ovarian syndrome). Mendelian randomization analysis provided additional evidence of independent causal effects. We also identified an inverse association between coronary artery disease and breast cancer. High cardiometabolic polygenic scores were associated with early development of polycystic ovarian syndrome and gestational hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that polygenic susceptibility to cardiometabolic traits is associated with elevated risk of certain female-specific health conditions. © 2023 The Authors. Published on behalf of the American Heart Association, Inc., by Wiley.
Association between History of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Coronary Artery Disease Assessed by Coronary Computed Tomography Angiography; Importance: Adverse pregnancy outcomes are recognized risk enhancers for cardiovascular disease, but the prevalence of subclinical coronary atherosclerosis after these conditions is unknown. Objective: To assess associations between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomography angiography screening. Design, Setting, and Participants: Cross-sectional study of a population-based cohort of women in Sweden (n = 10528) with 1 or more deliveries in 1973 or later, ascertained via the Swedish National Medical Birth Register, who subsequently participated in the Swedish Cardiopulmonary Bioimage Study at age 50 to 65 (median, 57.3) years in 2013-2018. Delivery data were prospectively collected. Exposures: Adverse pregnancy outcomes, including preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm delivery, small-for-gestational-age infant, and gestational diabetes. The reference category included women with no history of these exposures. Main Outcomes and Measures: Coronary computed tomography angiography indexes, including any coronary atherosclerosis, significant stenosis, noncalcified plaque, segment involvement score of 4 or greater, and coronary artery calcium score greater than 100. Results: A median 29.6 (IQR, 25.0-34.9) years after first registered delivery, 18.9% of women had a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes, with specific pregnancy histories ranging from 1.4% (gestational diabetes) to 9.5% (preterm delivery). The prevalence of any coronary atherosclerosis in women with a history of any adverse pregnancy outcome was 32.1% (95% CI, 30.0%-34.2%), which was significantly higher (prevalence difference, 3.8% [95% CI, 1.6%-6.1%]; prevalence ratio, 1.14 [95% CI, 1.06-1.22]) compared with reference women. History of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia were both significantly associated with higher and similar prevalence of all outcome indexes. For preeclampsia, the highest prevalence difference was observed for any coronary atherosclerosis (prevalence difference, 8.0% [95% CI, 3.7%-12.3%]; prevalence ratio, 1.28 [95% CI, 1.14-1.45]), and the highest prevalence ratio was observed for significant stenosis (prevalence difference, 3.1% [95% CI, 1.1%-5.1%]; prevalence ratio, 2.46 [95% CI, 1.65-3.67]). In adjusted models, odds ratios for preeclampsia ranged from 1.31 (95% CI, 1.07-1.61) for any coronary atherosclerosis to 2.21 (95% CI, 1.42-3.44) for significant stenosis. Similar associations were observed for history of preeclampsia or gestational hypertension among women with low predicted cardiovascular risk. Conclusions and Relevance: Among Swedish women undergoing coronary computed tomography angiography screening, there was a statistically significant association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and image-identified coronary artery disease, including among women estimated to be at low cardiovascular disease risk. Further research is needed to understand the clinical importance of these associations.. © 2023 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
The interplay between prolactin and cardiovascular disease; Hyperprolactinemia can be caused by several conditions and its effects on the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis are understood in more detail. Nevertheless, in recent decades, other metabolic effects have been studied and data pointed to a potential increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. A recent study showed a decrease in total and LDL- cholesterol only in men with prolactinoma treated with dopamine agonists (DA) supporting the previous results of a population study with increased CVD risk in men harboring prolactinoma. However, other population studies did not find a correlation between prolactin (PRL) levels and CVD risk or mortality. There is also data pointing to an increase in high-density lipoprotein levels, and decreases in triglycerides, carotid-intima-media thickness, C-reactive protein, and homocysteine levels in patients with prolactinoma on DA treatment. PRL was also implicated in endothelial dysfunction in pre and postmenopausal women. Withdrawal of DA resulted in negative changes in vascular parameters and an increase in plasma fibrinogen. It has been shown that PRL levels were positively correlated with blood pressure and inversely correlated with dilatation of the brachial artery and insulin sensitivity, increased homocysteine levels, and elevated D-dimer levels. Regarding possible mechanisms for the association between hyperprolactinemia and CVD risk, they include a possible direct effect of PRL, hypogonadism, and even effects of DA treatment, independently of changes in PRL levels. In conclusion, hyperprolactinemia seems to be associated with impaired endothelial function and DA treatment could improve CVD risk. More studies evaluating CVD risk in hyperprolactinemic patients are important to define a potential indication of treatment beyond hypogonadism. Copyright © 2023 Glezer, Santana, Bronstein, Donato and Jallad.
Obstetric Medicine: the protocol for a prospective three-dimensional cohort study to assess maternity care for women with pre-existing conditions (ForMaT); Background: Pregnancies in women with pre-existing medical conditions are on the rise. These pregnancies are characterized by an increased rate of maternal and perinatal complications, which can result in higher health care expenditures and altered pregnancy experiences. The purpose of this study is to integrally analyze maternity care for women with pre-existing conditions in the framework of a risk-adapted, interdisciplinary care by recording three substantial parts of maternity care: (1) maternal and perinatal outcome; (2) hospital costs and reimbursements covering the period from preconception counseling or initial antenatal visit to discharge after birth; and (3) women’s experience of reproductive choice and becoming a mother in the presence of a pre-existing condition. Methods: In this observational, prospective, longitudinal, and monocentric cohort study, we aim to include a total of 1,500 women over a recruitment period of 15 months. Women registering for care at the Department of Obstetrics and Prenatal Medicine, University Hospital Bonn, Germany, are allocated to three groups based on their health and risk status: women with pre-existing conditions, as well as healthy women with obstetric risk factor and healthy women with a low-risk pregnancy. Participants are observed from time of initial consultation until discharge after birth. Analysis focuses on (1) maternal and perinatal outcome, especially rate of severe maternal and neonatal morbidity; (2) costs and reimbursements; and (3) surveys to capture of women’s experience and health-related quality of life during the time of reproductive choice, pregnancy, and childbirth in the presence of pre-existing medical conditions. Discussion: With its complex three-dimensional design, the ForMaT-Trial is aiming to provide a comprehensive analysis of pregnancy and childbirth in women with pre-existing conditions. The results may serve as a basis for counseling and care of these women. By analyzing costs of specialized care, data for discussing reimbursement are generated. Lastly, our results may increase awareness for the perception of reproductive choice, pregnancy and motherhood in this continuously rising population. Clinical trial registration: German Clinical Trials Register, DRKS00030061, October 28, 2022. Copyright © 2024 Jost, Kosian, Greiner, Icks, Schmitz, Schmid and Merz.
First Trimester Evaluation of Maternal Visceral Fat and Its Relationship with Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Obese women are more likely to experience pregnancy complications. The distribution of fat, and more particularly the rise in visceral fat, is well established to be more closely linked to the onset of cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome than obesity itself. We aim to examine the relationship between maternal visceral fat assessment in the first trimester and the appearance of adverse pregnancy outcomes. A prospective cohort study including 416 pregnant women was conducted. During the first trimester scan (11–13 + 6 weeks), all individuals had their visceral fat and subcutaneous thicknesses measured by ultrasonography. Blood samples were obtained, and maternal demographics and clinical information were documented. After delivery, the obstetric outcomes were evaluated. We contrasted two groups: one with healthy pregnancies and the other with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO), defined as the development of at least one of the following complications: gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, abnormal fetal growth, preterm delivery or preterm premature rupture of membranes. Median maternal age was 33 and 34 years old for the uncomplicated and adverse pregnancy outcomes groups, respectively. We found that women with adverse pregnancy outcomes had higher VFT (median 30 vs. 26.5 mm, p = 0.001) and SFT (median 18.9 vs. 17.1 mm, p = 0.03). However, the visceral/subcutaneous fat ratio was not statistically different between groups. Finally, we performed a subanalysis for metabolic and placental vascular dysfunction complications. After performing a multivariate logistic regression analysis adjusted for maternal age, smoking, and mean arterial pressure, both the VFT (aOR 1.03, p < 0.001) and the ratio of visceral/subcutaneous fat (aOR 1.37, p = 0.04) were significantly associated with the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes; however, the associations of VFT and the VFT-to-SFT ratio were higher for the occurrence of gestational diabetes (aOR 1.07, p < 0.001; aOR 2.09, p = 0.001; respectively) and showed no relationships with placental complications. When conducting a first-trimester ultrasound assessment, sonographers may measure VFT without additional time or cost involved. Identification of pregnant women with increased VFT (>37 mm) may benefit from a close follow-up, especially for the development of gestational diabetes, independent of BMI. © 2023 by the authors.
Alliance for Innovation on Maternal Health: Consensus Bundle on Cardiac Conditions in Obstetric Care; Cardiac conditions are the leading cause of pregnancy-related deaths and disproportionately affect non-Hispanic Black people. Multidisciplinary maternal mortality review committees have found that most people who died from cardiac conditions during pregnancy or postpartum were not diagnosed with a cardiovascular disease before death and that more than 80% of all pregnancy-related deaths, regardless of cause, were preventable. In addition, other obstetric complications, such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes, are associated with future cardiovascular disease risk. Those with cardiac risk factors and those with congenital and acquired heart disease require specialized care during pregnancy and postpartum to minimize risk of preventable morbidity and mortality. This bundle provides guidance for health care teams to develop coordinated, multidisciplinary care for pregnant and postpartum people with cardiac conditions and to respond to cardio-obstetric emergencies. This bundle is one of several core patient safety bundles developed by the Alliance for Innovation on Maternal Health that provide condition- or event-specific clinical practices for implementation in appropriate care settings. The Cardiac Conditions in Obstetric Care bundle is organized into five domains: 1) Readiness, 2) Recognition and Prevention, 3) Response, 4) Reporting and Systems Learning, and 5) Respectful Care. This bundle is the first by the Alliance to be developed with the fifth domain of Respectful Care. The Respectful Care domain provides essential best practices to support respectful, equitable, and supportive care to all patients. Further health equity considerations are integrated into elements in each domain.  Copyright © 2023 The Author(s).
Risk factors for postpartum hemorrhage in twin pregnancies with cesarean section; The rates of twin pregnancies and cesarean section have increased in recent years, and both of them are at high risks of postpartum hemorrhage (PPH). However, few studies have concentrated on the risks of PPH in twin pregnancies and cesarean deliveries. In this study, we aimed to identify the risk factors for PPH among twin-pregnant women with cesarean section. This was a retrospective observational study including 1,649 women with twin pregnancies delivered by cesarean section from 2016 to 2022 in the Second Affiliated Hospital of Wenzhou Medical University, China. The eligible women were divided into PPH group (n = 116) and non-PPH group (n = 1,533) according to the blood loss after delivery within 24 h. The baseline maternal and perinatal characteristics were compared between the two groups. Logistic regression analysis was conducted to identify the potential risk factors for PPH. We found nulliparity, assisted reproductive technology (ART) usage, preeclampsia or HELLP syndrome, placenta previa, placenta accreta and general anesthesia were more common in PPH group than non-PPH group (P < 0.05). Women in PPH group had higher maternal body mass index at delivery and higher combined birthweight of the twins than non-PPH group, but had lower parity (P < 0.05). Seven independent risk factors for PPH were identified after logistic regression analysis: ART usage (OR 2.354 95% CI 1.357–4.083, P = 0.002), preeclampsia or HELLP syndrome (OR 2.605, 95% CI 1.471–4.616, P = 0.001), placenta previa (OR 7.325, 95% CI 3.651–14.697, P < 0.001), placenta accreta (OR 6.296, 95% CI 1.316–30.12, P = 0.021), thrombocytopenia (OR 1.636, 95% CI 1.056–2.535, P = 0.027), general anesthesia (OR 2.394, 95% CI 1.223–4.686, P = 0.011), and combined birthweight (OR 1.00032, 95% CI 1.00005–1.00059, P = 0.020). Collectively, in women with twin pregnancies delivered by cesarean section, the use of ART, preeclampsia or HELLP syndrome, placenta previa, placenta accreta, thrombocytopenia, general anesthesia and the combined birthweight were identified as independent risk factors for PPH. More attention should be paid to women with these risk factors. Copyright © 2024 Lan, Xu, Lu, Zhou, Wang, Hua, and Dong.
Systematic review of transcriptome and microRNAome associations with gestational diabetes mellitus; Purpose: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with increased risk for preterm birth and related complications for both the pregnant person and newborn. Changes in gene expression have the potential to characterize complex interactions between genetic and behavioral/environmental risk factors for GDM. Our goal was to summarize the state of the science about changes in gene expression and GDM. Design: The systematic review was conducted using the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines. Methods: PubMed articles about humans, in English, from any date were included if they described mRNA transcriptome or microRNA findings from blood samples in adults with GDM compared with adults without GDM. Results: Sixteen articles were found representing 1355 adults (n=674 with GDM, n=681 controls) from 12 countries. Three studies reported transcriptome results and thirteen reported microRNA findings. Identified pathways described various aspects of diabetes pathogenesis, including glucose and insulin signaling, regulation, and transport; natural killer cell mediated cytotoxicity; and fatty acid biosynthesis and metabolism. Studies described 135 unique miRNAs that were associated with GDM, of which eight (miR-16-5p, miR-17-5p, miR-20a-5p, miR-29a-3p, miR-195-5p, miR-222-3p, miR-210-3p, and miR-342-3p) were described in 2 or more studies. Findings suggest that miRNA levels vary based on the time in pregnancy when GDM develops, the time point at which they were measured, sex assigned at birth of the offspring, and both the pre-pregnancy and gestational body mass index of the pregnant person. Conclusions: The mRNA, miRNA, gene targets, and pathways identified in this review contribute to our understanding of GDM pathogenesis; however, further research is warranted to validate previous findings. In particular, longitudinal repeated-measures designs are needed that control for participant characteristics (e.g., weight), use standardized data collection methods and analysis tools, and are sufficiently powered to detect differences between subgroups. Findings may be used to improve early diagnosis, prevention, medication choice and/or clinical treatment of patients with GDM. Copyright © 2023 Lewis, Chang, Cheung, Aouizerat, Jelliffe-Pawlowski, McLemore, Piening, Rand, Ryckman and Flowers.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes following SARS-CoV-2 infection; Infection with SARS-CoV-2 causing COVID-19 in pregnancy is known to confer risks to both the pregnant patient and fetus. A review of the current literature demonstrates that pregnant individuals with SARS-CoV-2 infection are at risk for higher composite morbidity, intensive care unit admission, ventilatory support, pre-eclampsia, preterm birth, and neonatal intensive care unit admissions compared to pregnant individuals without SARS-CoV-2. Worse obstetric morbidity and mortality generally correlate with the severity of COVID-19. Comorbidities such as diabetes increase the risk of severe COVID-19. An increased risk of stillbirth appears to be predominantly confined to pregnancies affected in the Delta variant time period. Further, vaccination against SARS-CoV-2 has been demonstrated to be safe and effective in pregnancy and while breastfeeding. Therefore, continued counseling encouraging vaccination remains imperative. The long-term maternal and neonatal consequences of pregnancies affected by SARS-CoV-2 remain unknown, and therefore continued research in this regard is warranted. © 2023
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and future risk of heart failure; Purpose of reviewCardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women. Women with history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) have approximately two-fold risk of future CVD, but until recently the association with future heart failure (HF) was unclear. Here, we summarize evidence for associations of APOs with HF, potential underlying mechanisms, and future directions for clinical translation.Recent findingsWomen with history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs) have roughly two-fold risk of future HF compared with other parous women even after accounting for interval development of coronary artery disease. The HDPs portend heightened risk of HF with both reduced and preserved ejection fraction. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and other APOs such as preterm delivery, small-for-gestational-age delivery, and placental abruption may also confer additional risk for HF development. Possible underlying mechanisms linking APOs to HF include shared upstream risk factors and genetics, accelerated development of cardiometabolic risk factors postpartum, persistent endothelial and microvascular dysfunction, and impaired natriuretic peptide signaling.SummaryHistory of APOs, including HDPs and GDM, confer increased risk for development of HF years after delivery. Further research is needed to define strategies to optimize prepregnancy and postpartum cardiovascular health toward HF prevention. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Social Determinants of Health, Cardiovascular Risk Factors, and Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in Individuals of Vietnamese Origin; In 2022, the Vietnamese population in the United States (US) comprises 2.2 million individuals, and Vietnam ranks as the sixth most frequent country of origin among immigrants in the US. The American Heart Association and the National Institutes of Health have called for research to define the burden of cardiovascular risk factors, cardiovascular disease, and their determinants across Asian American subgroups, including Vietnamese Americans. Despite these calls, Vietnamese Americans remain remarkably overlooked in cardiovascular research in the US. Studies in Vietnam, small cross-sectional surveys in the US, and research using US mortality data point to a high prevalence of hypertension and tobacco use among men and a high incidence of gestational diabetes among women. Moreover, Vietnamese Americans have one of the highest rates of cerebrovascular mortality in the country. Adverse social determinants of health—including frequent language barriers, limited health literacy, and low average income—have been suggested as important factors that contribute to cardiovascular risk in this group. In this narrative review, we summarize the existing knowledge in this space, highlight the distinct characteristics of cardiac risk in both Vietnamese and Vietnamese American individuals, discuss upstream determinants, and identify key knowledge gaps. We then outline several proposed interventions and emphasize the need for further studies in this underrepresented population. Our aim is to increase awareness of the significant burden of risk factors and cardiovascular disease shouldered by this large—but thus far overlooked—population in the US, boost research in this space, and help inform tailored, effective preventive interventions. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Optimizing Blood Glucose Control through the Timing of Exercise in Pregnant Individuals Diagnosed with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; This study aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of moderate intensity walking on postprandial blood glucose control for pregnant individuals with (GDM) and without gestational diabetes mellitus (NON-GDM). Using a randomized cross-over design, individuals completed 5 days of exercise (three 10-min walks immediately after eating (SHORT), or one 30-min walk (LONG) outside of 1 h after eating). These protocols were preceded and separated by 2-days of habitual exercise (NORMAL). Individuals were instrumented with a continuous glucose monitor, a physical activity monitor for 14-days, and a heart rate monitor during exercise. Participants completed a physical activity enjoyment scale (PACES) to indicate their protocol preference. The GDM group had higher fasting, 24-h mean, and daily peak glucose values compared to NON-GDMs across all conditions (effect of group, p = 0.02; p = 0.02; p = 0.03, respectively). Fasting, 24-h mean, and daily peak glucose were not influenced by the SHORT or LONG exercise (effect of intervention, p > 0.05). Blood glucose values were higher among the GDM group for at least 1 h after eating, yet the exercise intervention had no effect on 1 or 2 h postprandial glucose values (effect of intervention, p > 0.05). Physical activity outcomes (wear time, total activity time, and time spent on each intensity) were not different between the groups nor interventions (effect of group, p > 0.05; effect of intervention, p > 0.05,). There were no differences between the groups or interventions for the PACES score (effect of group, p > 0.05; effect of intervention, p > 0.05). To conclude, there were no differences between the groups or exercise protocols on blood glucose control. More research is warranted to elucidate higher exercise volumes in this outcome for individuals with GDM. © 2023 by the authors.
Support Provided by Caregivers for Community-Dwelling Diabetic Hispanic Adults with Intellectual Disabilities and Comorbid Conditions; Diabetes is an age-related chronic health condition and a major public health concern. Diabetes is one of the significant causes of morbidity and mortality and a major contributing factor to dementia. Recent research reveals that Hispanic Americans are at an increased risk of chronic conditions such as diabetes, dementia, and obesity. Recent research also revealed that diabetes develops at least ten years earlier in Hispanics and Latinos than in neighboring non-Hispanic whites. Furthermore, the management of diabetes and providing necessary/timely support is a challenging task for healthcare professionals. Caregiver support is an emerging area of research for people with diabetes, mainly family caregiver support work for Hispanic and Native Americans. Our article discusses several aspects of diabetes, factors associated with diabetes among Hispanics, its management, and how caregivers can support individuals with diabetes. © 2023 by the authors.
Association between cardiac arrhythmia before pregnancy and gestational diabetes: a nationwide population-based study in Korea; Given the higher prevalence of cardiac arrhythmias in individuals with diabetes, we investigated the relationship between cardiac arrhythmias and the incidence of gestational diabetes (GDM). This retrospective cohort study utilized data from the Korean Health Insurance Service database, encompassing 1,113,729 women who gave birth between January 2007 and December 2015. After excluding those who did not undergo National Health Screening tests within 1 year prior to pregnancy, those with multifetal pregnancies, and those diagnosed with diabetes, we analyzed 365,880 singleton pregnancies without a history of diabetes. Of these, 3,253 (0.9%) had cardiac arrhythmias, including premature extra beats, supraventricular tachyarrhythmias, and/ or atrial flutter/fibrillation. GDM occurred in 31,938 (8.7%) subjects during pregnancy, and was more prevalent in women with cardiac arrhythmia than in those without (14.9 vs. 8.7%, p < 0.001). In the multivariate analysis, the association between cardiac arrhythmia and GDM remained statistically significant (adjusted odds ratio, 1.78; 95% confidence interval, 1.61 to 1.97; p < 0.001). Subgroup analysis revealed that the risk of GDM was consistently statistically significant in subjects with cardiac arrhythmia, regardless of age, body mass index, and the presence or absence of chronic hypertension. Therefore, cardiac arrhythmias before and during pregnancy appear to be associated with an increased risk of developing GDM. © 2023 Korean Society of Epidemiology. All rights reserved.
Evaluation of the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac functions with Myocardial Performance Index; BACKGROUND: We aimed to evaluate the fetal cardiac functions with Myocardial Performance Index (MPI) in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: In this study, 35 patients who were diagnosed with GDM, and 35 pregnant without glucose intolerance and their babies were evaluated. Fetal echocardiographic, biometric measurements, umbilical artery pulsatility indices (UAPI) and ductus venosus pulsatility indices (DVPI) measurements were performed to evaluate fetal well-being between the groups. RESULTS: There was no statistically significant difference between the groups in terms of UAPI, DVPI, systolic functions, the mode of delivery and 5-minute APGAR scores (P=0.849, P=0.485, P=0.770, P=0.060, P=0.587). There was statistically significant difference between the isovolumetric relaxation time and isovolumetric contraction time of groups (P=0.006, P=0.03). The MPI results were statistically different between the groups (P=0.000). Postpartum need for hospitalization was more frequently observed in GDM than the control group (P=0.014). CONCLUSIONS: MPI, which is independent of the ventricular anatomy and fetal heart rate, showing both diastolic and systolic functions, was found significantly higher in GDM. We recommend performing MPI measurement routinely to fetal cardiac functions in GDM.  Copyright © 2023 Edizioni Minerva Medica.
Maternal obesity induced metabolic disorders in offspring and myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulation; Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes are associated with childhood obesity and increased cardiovascular risk. In this review, we will discuss and summarize extensive clinical and experimental studies that metabolically imbalanced environment exposure in early life plays a critical role in influencing later susceptibility to chronic inflammatory diseases and metabolic syndrome. The effect of maternal obesity and metabolic disorders, including gestational diabetes cause Large-for-gestational-age (LGA) children to link future development of adverse health issues such as obesity, atherosclerosis, hypertension, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by immune reprogramming to adverse micro-environment. This review also addresses intrauterine environment-driven myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulations and the epigenetic markers as an underlying mechanism. This will facilitate future investigations regarding maternal-to-fetal immune regulation and the epigenetic mechanisms of obesity and cardiovascular diseases. Copyright © 2024 Kweon, Mun, Choi, Kim and Ahn.
U-shaped Association Between Folic Acid Supplementation and the Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Chinese Women; Objective: Our aim in this study was to assess the association between folic acid (FA) supplementation before and during pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Chinese women. Methods: This case–control study was conducted at 2 hospitals in central China. A total of 1,300 pregnant women, including 396 GDM patients and 904 controls, participated in the study. Information on the dose and duration of FA supplementation was collected using a self-report questionnaire at enrolment (24 to 28 weeks of gestation). Results: We observed a U-shaped association between FA supplementation and GDM risk that demonstrated a 228% increased risk of GDM among women who never took FA supplements, a 28% increased risk among women who took supplements containing <400 μg/day FA or took FA supplements for <1 month and a 188% increased risk among women who took supplements containing ≥800 μg/day FA for an adequate duration (>1 month before pregnancy and >3 months during pregnancy) compared with women who took supplements containing 400 to 799 μg/day FA for an adequate duration (all p<0.05). For women who took supplements containing ≥800 μg/day FA for an adequate duration, the association between FA supplementation and GDM risk appeared to be stronger among those women with a prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) of ≥25 kg/m2 than among those with a prepregnancy BMI of <25 kg/m2 (p=0.006 for interaction). Conclusions: There was a U-shaped association of FA supplementation with GDM risk; that is, FA supplementation both below and above the recommended levels may increase the risk of GDM. © 2022 Canadian Diabetes Association
Pregnancy-Related Complications and Incidence of Atrial Fibrillation: A Systematic Review; Pregnancy-related complications are associated with a higher risk of various incident cardiovascular diseases, but their specific potential relationship with incident atrial fibrillation (AF) is less clear. This systematic review summarises the available evidence from observational studies which have examined associations between pregnancy-related complications and the risk of AF. MEDLINE and EMBASE (Ovid) were searched for studies between 1990 to 10 February 2022. Pregnancy-related complications examined included hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes, placental abruption, preterm birth, small-for-gestational-age and stillbirth. Study selection, data extraction and quality assessment were completed independently by two reviewers. Narrative synthesis was used to evaluate the results of the included studies. Nine observational studies were included, with eight eligible for narrative synthesis. Sample sizes ranged from 1839 to 2,359,386. Median follow-up ranged from 2 to 36 years. Six studies reported that pregnancy-related complications were associated with a significantly increased risk of incident AF. Hazard ratios (HRs) (95% confidence intervals) for the four studies that evaluated HDP ranged from 1.1 (0.8–1.6) to 1.9 (1.4–2.7). For the four studies that evaluated pre-eclampsia, HRs ranged from 1.2 (0.9–1.6) to 1.9 (1.7–2.2). Current evidence from observational studies suggests pregnancy-related complications are associated with a significantly higher risk of incident AF. However, only a small number of studies examining each pregnancy-related complication were identified, and considerable statistical heterogeneity was observed. Further large-scale prospective studies are required to confirm the association between pregnancy-related complications and incident AF. © 2023 by the authors.
Obstetrical and neonatal outcomes of cardio-facio-cutaneous syndrome: Prenatal consequences of Ras/MAPK dysregulation; We systematically delineated the prenatal phenotype, and obstetrical and neonatal outcomes of the RASopathy cardio-facio-cutaneous (CFC) syndrome. A comprehensive, retrospective medical history survey was distributed to parents of children with confirmed CFC in collaboration with CFC International, Inc. Data were collected on CFC gene variant, maternal characteristics, pregnancy course, delivery, and neonatal outcomes with the support of medical records. We identified 43 individuals with pathogenic variants in BRAF (81%), MEK1 (14%), or MEK2 (5%) genes. The median age was 8.5 years. Hyperemesis gravidarum, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia occurred in 5/43 (12%), 4/43 (9%), 3/43 (7%), and 3/43 (7%) of pregnancies, respectively. Second and third trimester ultrasound abnormalities included polyhydramnios, macrocephaly, macrosomia, and renal and cardiac abnormalities. Delivery occurred via spontaneous vaginal, operative vaginal, or cesarean delivery in 15/42 (36%), 7/42 (16%), and 20/42 (48%), respectively. Median gestational age at delivery was 37 weeks and median birth weight was 3501 grams. Germline pathogenic vaiants had mutiple congenital consequences including polyhydramnios, renal and cardiac abnormalities, macrosomia, and macrocephaly on second and third trimester ultrasound. Elevated rates of operative delivery and neonatal complications were also noted. Understanding and defining a prenatal phenotype may improve prenatal prognostic counseling and outcomes. © 2022 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Parental factors that impact the ecology of human mammary development, milk secretion, and milk composition—a report from “Breastmilk Ecology: Genesis of Infant Nutrition (BEGIN)” Working Group 1; The goal of Working Group 1 in the Breastmilk Ecology: Genesis of Infant Nutrition (BEGIN) Project was to outline factors influencing biological processes governing human milk secretion and to evaluate our current knowledge of these processes. Many factors regulate mammary gland development in utero, during puberty, in pregnancy, through secretory activation, and at weaning. These factors include breast anatomy, breast vasculature, diet, and the lactating parent's hormonal milieu including estrogen, progesterone, placental lactogen, cortisol, prolactin, and growth hormone. We examine the effects of time of day and postpartum interval on milk secretion, along with the role and mechanisms of lactating parent-infant interactions on milk secretion and bonding, with particular attention to the actions of oxytocin on the mammary gland and the pleasure systems in the brain. We then consider the potential effects of clinical conditions including infection, pre-eclampsia, preterm birth, cardiovascular health, inflammatory states, mastitis, and particularly, gestational diabetes and obesity. Although we know a great deal about the transporter systems by which zinc and calcium pass from the blood stream into milk, the interactions and cellular localization of transporters that carry substrates such as glucose, amino acids, copper, and the many other trace metals present in human milk across plasma and intracellular membranes require more research. We pose the question of how cultured mammary alveolar cells and animal models can help answer lingering questions about the mechanisms and regulation of human milk secretion. We raise questions about the role of the lactating parent and the infant microbiome and the immune system during breast development, secretion of immune molecules into milk, and protection of the breast from pathogens. Finally, we consider the effect of medications, recreational and illicit drugs, pesticides, and endocrine-disrupting chemicals on milk secretion and composition, emphasizing that this area needs much more research attention. © 2023 The Authors
The Impact of Maternal Preeclampsia and Hyperglycemia on the Cardiovascular Health of the Offspring: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Objectives The objective of this review was to assess the impact of maternal preeclampsia or hyperglycemia on the body composition and cardiovascular health in the offspring. Study Design We conducted a systematic review utilizing PubMed, EBSCO, CINAHLPlus, Cochrane Library, and Web of Science to include all studies assessing the impact of preeclampsia/eclampsia and/or gestational/pregestational diabetes mellitus on the health of the offspring (children <10 years of age). The health measures included anthropometry, cardiac dimensions and function, and vascular function. We performed a meta-analysis using Review Manager software and computed net risk ratio (RR) with 95% confidence interval (CI) for dichotomous data and mean difference (MD) with 95% CI for continuous data. Results There were 6,376 studies in total, of which 45 were included in the review and 40 in the meta-analysis. The results demonstrated higher birth weight (MD: 0.12 kg; 95% CI: 0.06-0.18) and systolic and diastolic blood pressure (BP; MD: 5.98 mm Hg; 95% CI: 5.64-6.32 and MD: 3.27 mm Hg; 95% CI: 0.65-5.89, respectively) in the offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes compared to controls. In contrast, the offspring of mothers with preeclampsia had lower birth weight (MD: -0.41 kg; 95% CI: -0.7 to -0.11); however, they had increased systolic (MD: 2.2 mm Hg; 95% CI: 1.28-3.12) and diastolic BP (MD: 1.41 mm Hg; 95% CI: 0.3-2.52) compared to controls. There is lack of data to conduct a meta-analysis of cardiac morphology, functional, and vascular imaging parameters. Conclusion These findings suggest that the in-utero milieu can have a permanent impact on the body composition and vascular health of the offspring. Future work warrants multicenter prospective studies to understand the mechanism and the actual effect of exposure to maternal hyperglycemia and high BP on the cardiovascular health of the offspring and long-term outcomes. Key Points Adverse in-utero exposures may have an impact on cardiovascular risk in children. Maternal hyperglycemia/preeclampsia lead to changes in birthweight and BP. Limited echocardiographic and vascular imaging data in these cohorts necessitates future work. © 2023 Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Umbilical cord serum insulin-like growth factor-1 levels of infants of diabetic mothers are correlated with diastolic dysfunction detected by tissue Doppler echocardiography; Tissue Doppler echocardiography (TDI) is a convenient method to detect cardiac dysfunction in the infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Umbilical cord serum insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) is known to be higher in IDMs. We aimed to determine whether there is a relation between diastolic functions examined by TDI and cord serum IGF-1 levels of IDMs. Cord serum IGF-1 levels of 32 IDMs and 22 healthy infants were measured. The cardiac functions of the infants were evaluated by M-Mode and TDI. For statistical analysis, Mann–Whitney U and Spearman correlation tests were used for continuous variables, and the chi-square test was used for categorical variables. The cord serum IGF-1 levels of the IDMs were higher (p = 0.000). The left ventricle (LV) e', LVa', LV e'/a', and LV Tei index, indicating left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in IDMs, were detected (LV e' p = 0.016; LV a' p = 0.003; LV e'/ a' p = 0.000; LV Tei index p = 0.023). IDMs’ cord serum IGF-1 levels were found weakly correlated with the interventricular septum (IVS) and left ventricle posterior wall (LVPW) thicknesses in M-Mode and LV e' and LV e'/a' in TDI (IVS r = 0.357, p = 0.008; LVPW r = 0.289, p = 0.034; LV e' r = 0.297, p = 0.029; LV e'/ a' r = 0.031, p = 0.014). Conclusion: To our knowledge, this is the first study to examine the relationship between cord serum IGF-1 levels and diastolic functions of IDMs assessed by TDI. A weak correlation was found between IGF-1 levels and IVS and LVPW thicknesses in M-Mode and LV e' and LV e'/a' parameters in TDI, revealing diastolic dysfunction in IDMs.What is Known:• The umbilical cord blood serum IGF-1 level of IDMs is higher than in infants of healthy mothers.• Diastolic dysfunction is a well-studied and frequently observed consequence in IDMs.What is New:• This is the first study to examine the relationship between cord serum IGF-1 levels and diastolic functions of IDMs assessed by TDI.• A weak correlation was detected between the median cord serum IGF-1 level of IDMs and the median values of IVS, LVPW, LV e', LV a', LV e'/a' ratio. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
The Association of Specific Dietary Patterns with Cardiometabolic Outcomes in Women with a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Scoping Review; Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with a significantly increased risk of later type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Post-natal interventions aim to reduce this risk by addressing diet and lifestyle factors and frequently focus on restricting energy or macronutrient intake. With increased interest in the role of complete dietary patterns in the prevention of cardiometabolic disease, we sought to evaluate what is known about the role of dietary patterns in reducing cardiometabolic risk in women with previous GDM. A systematic search was conducted to identify studies relating to dietary pattern and cardiometabolic parameters in women with a history of GDM. The search criteria returned 6014 individual studies. In total, 71 full texts were reviewed, with 24 studies included in the final review. Eleven individual dietary patterns were identified, with the Alternative Health Eating Index (AHEI), Mediterranean diet (MD), and low glycaemic index (GI) as the most commonly featured dietary patterns. Relevant reported outcomes included incident T2DM and glucose tolerance parameters, as well as several cardiovascular risk factors. Dietary patterns which have previously been extensively demonstrated to reduce the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic disorders in the general population, including AHEI, MD, and DASH, were found to be associated with a reduction in the incidence of T2DM, hypertension, and additional risk factors for cardiometabolic disease in women with a history of GDM. Notable gaps in the literature were identified, including the relationship between dietary patterns and incident CVD, as well as the relationship between a low GI diet and the development of T2DM in this population. © 2023 by the authors.
Contemporary pregnancy outcomes for women with moderate and severe congenital heart disease; Background: Women with congenital heart disease (CHD) are surviving into adulthood, with more undergoing pregnancy. Methods: Retrospective review of the Vizient database from 2017–2019 for women 15–44 years old with moderate, severe or no CHD and vaginal delivery or caesarean section. Demographics, hospital outcomes and costs were compared. Results: There were 2,469,117 admissions: 2,467,589 with no CHD, 1277 with moderate and 251 with severe CHD. Both CHD groups were younger than no CHD, there were fewer white race/ethnicity in the no CHD group and more women with Medicare in both CHD groups compared to no CHD. With increasing CHD severity there was an increase in length of stay, ICU admission rates and costs. There were also higher rates of complications, mortality and caesarean section in the CHD groups. Conclusion: Pregnant women with CHD have more problematic pregnancies and understanding this impact is important to improve management and decrease healthcare utilization. © The Author(s) 2021.
Circulating angiotensin II type I receptor – autoantibodies in diabetic pregnancies; Pregnant women with either pre-existing or gestational diabetes mellitus are at increased risk of preeclampsia as well as future cardiovascular disease. The renin-angiotensin system is dysregulated in both diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. In preeclampsia, maternal levels of circulating agonistic autoantibodies against the angiotensin II Type I receptor (AT1-AAs) are increased. Circulating AT1-AAs are thought to contribute to both the pathophysiology of preeclampsia and the increased risk of future cardiovascular disease. Studies exploring AT1-AA in diabetes outside pregnancy suggest their potential for both metabolic and cardiovascular pathogenicity. No studies have investigated AT1-AAs in diabetic pregnancies. We hypothesized elevated maternal circulating AT1-AA levels in pregnancies complicated by any type of diabetes mellitus. Third-trimester maternal serum from 39 women (controls: n = 10; type 1 diabetes: n = 9; type 2 diabetes: n = 10; gestational diabetes=10) were analyzed for AT1-AA using an established bioassay method. Circulating AT1-AAs were present in 70% (7/10) of the controls and 83% (24/29) of the diabetes group (P = 0.399). Presence of AT1-AA was correlated to hsCRP levels (P = 0.036), but neither with maternal circulating angiogenic factors (soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 and placental growth factor), nor with maternal or fetal characteristics indicative of metabolic disease or placental dysfunction. Our study is the first to demonstrate presence of circulating AT1-AAs in pregnant women with any type of diabetes. Our findings suggest AT1-AAs presence in pregnancy independently of placental dysfunction, nuancing the current view on their pathogenicity. Whether AT1-AAs per se contribute to increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and future cardiovascular disease remains currently unanswered. © 2022 The Authors
Subchorionic Hematoma Association with Pregnancy Complications and Outcomes in the Third Trimester; Introduction: Our objective was to explore the clinical features, pregnancy complications, and outcomes of subchorionic hematomas (SCHs) in the third trimester. Material and methods: This was a retrospective analysis and evaluation of 1112 cases diagnosed with SCHs from January 2014 to December 2020. Comparisons were performed according to the clinical features (e.g., number of pregnancies, parity, gestational weeks, and age), pregnancy complications, and outcomes associated with SCHs. Results: In total, 71.85% (799/1112) of the patients were diagnosed with different pregnancy complications. The overall rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertensive disorder complicating pregnancy (HDCP), premature rupture of membranes (PROM), and IVF were 12.14%, 7.55%, 17.27%, and 10.34%, respectively. The positive rates for newborn outcomes such as premature birth and low birth weight (LBW) were 9.35% and 6.47%, respectively. There was a significant relationship between repeated pregnancies and the incidence of GDM (p < 0.05), but not HDCP, PROM, or IVF. The proportion of SCH patients who conceived through IVF was significantly higher among primiparas than among multiparas (p < 0.05), but was not significantly different in terms of GDM, HDCP, or PROM. Premature birth was not a high-risk factor for most SCH patients with HDCP, IVF, or PROM (p < 0.05), most of whom delivered at term. The rate of cesarean sections for SCH patients with GDM, HDCP, or IVF was significantly higher than that for vaginal deliveries (p < 0.05), but this was not affected by age. Conclusions: The coexistence of SCHs with HDCP, IVF, or PROM lacked an effective predictive value for premature birth, but increased the rate of a cesarean section. © 2023 by the authors.
Prepregnancy Migraine, Migraine Phenotype, and Risk of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Background and ObjectiveMigraine is a highly prevalent neurovascular disorder among reproductive-Aged women. Whether migraine history and migraine phenotype might serve as clinically useful markers of obstetric risk is not clear. The primary objective of this study was to examine associations of prepregnancy migraine and migraine phenotype with risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes.MethodsWe estimated associations of self-reported physician-diagnosed migraine and migraine phenotype with adverse pregnancy outcomes in the prospective Nurses' Health Study II (1989-2009). Log-binomial and log-Poisson models with generalized estimating equations were used to estimate relative risks (RRs) and 95% CIs for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm delivery, and low birthweight.ResultsThe analysis included 30,555 incident pregnancies after cohort enrollment among 19,694 participants without a history of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, or cancer. After adjusting for age, adiposity, and other health and behavioral factors, prepregnancy migraine (11%) was associated with higher risks of preterm delivery (RR = 1.17; 95% CI = 1.05-1.30), gestational hypertension (RR = 1.28; 95% CI = 1.11-1.48), and preeclampsia (RR = 1.40; 95% CI = 1.19-1.65) compared with no migraine. Migraine was not associated with low birthweight (RR = 0.99; 95% CI = 0.85-1.16) or GDM (RR = 1.05; 95% CI = 0.91-1.22). Risk of preeclampsia was somewhat higher among participants with migraine with aura (RR vs no migraine = 1.51; 95% CI = 1.22-1.88) than migraine without aura (RR vs no migraine = 1.30; 95% CI = 1.04-1.61; p-heterogeneity = 0.32), whereas other outcomes were similar by migraine phenotype. Participants with migraine who reported regular prepregnancy aspirin use had lower risks of preterm delivery (<2×/week RR = 1.24; 95% CI = 1.11-1.38; ≥2×/week RR = 0.55; 95% CI = 0.35-0.86; p-interaction < 0.01) and preeclampsia (<2×/week RR = 1.48; 95% CI = 1.25-1.75; ≥2×/week RR = 1.10; 95% CI = 0.62-1.96; p-interaction = 0.39); however, power for these stratified analyses was limited.DiscussionMigraine history, and to a lesser extent migraine phenotype, appear to be important considerations in obstetric risk assessment and management. Future research should determine whether aspirin prophylaxis may be beneficial for preventing adverse pregnancy outcomes among pregnant individuals with a history of migraine. © American Academy of Neurology.
Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease as a risk factor for adverse outcomes in subsequent pregnancy: a nationwide cohort study; Background and purpose: A recent international expert consensus opinion suggested that metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) replaces nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), since MAFLD is a better predictor of cardiovascular disease. We estimated the prevalence of FLD in fertile females and evaluated the clinical impact of either NAFLD or MAFLD on maternal and fetal outcomes during subsequent pregnancy. Methods: The study population included fertile females who underwent health examinations and became pregnant within 1 year of health examination. Hepatic steatosis was defined as a fatty liver index of ≥ 30. The fertile females were divided into four groups: neither-FLD, NAFLD-only, MAFLD-only, and both-FLDs. During subsequent pregnancy, the risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and low birthweight, were compared among the four groups. Results: The study population comprised 762,401 females, including 720,606 with neither-FLD, 318 with NAFLD-only, 14,371 with MAFLD-only, and 27,106 with both-FLDs. Compared to females with neither-FLD, the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in females with any FLD, with an adjusted OR of 1.73 (95% CI 1.25–2.41) in the NALFD-only group, 2.65 (2.53–2.77) in the MAFLD-only group, and 2.39 (2.31–2.48) in the both-FLDs group. Pregnancy outcomes (cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, and low birthweight) were worse in females with MAFLD compared with NAFLD. Conclusion: Any form of FLD is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. These data suggest that MAFLD is associated with a higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes for both mother and fetus than NAFLD. © 2022, Asian Pacific Association for the Study of the Liver.
Interdisciplinary fetal-neonatal neurology training applies neural exposome perspectives to neurology principles and practice; An interdisciplinary fetal-neonatal neurology (FNN) program over the first 1,000 days teaches perspectives of the neural exposome that are applicable across the life span. This curriculum strengthens neonatal neurocritical care, pediatric, and adult neurology training objectives. Teaching at maternal-pediatric hospital centers optimally merges reproductive, pregnancy, and pediatric approaches to healthcare. Phenotype–genotype expressions of health or disease pathways represent a dynamic neural exposome over developmental time. The science of uncertainty applied to FNN training re-enforces the importance of shared clinical decisions that minimize bias and reduce cognitive errors. Trainees select mentoring committee participants that will maximize their learning experiences. Standardized questions and oral presentations monitor educational progress. Master or doctoral defense preparation and competitive research funding can be goals for specific individuals. FNN principles applied to practice offer an understanding of gene–environment interactions that recognizes the effects of reproductive health on the maternal-placental-fetal triad, neonate, child, and adult. Pre-conception and prenatal adversities potentially diminish life-course brain health. Endogenous and exogenous toxic stressor interplay (TSI) alters the neural exposome through maladaptive developmental neuroplasticity. Developmental disorders and epilepsy are primarily expressed during the first 1,000 days. Communicable and noncommunicable illnesses continue to interact with the neural exposome to express diverse neurologic disorders across the lifespan, particularly during the critical/sensitive time periods of adolescence and reproductive senescence. Anomalous or destructive fetal neuropathologic lesions change clinical expressions across this developmental-aging continuum. An integrated understanding of reproductive, pregnancy, placental, neonatal, childhood, and adult exposome effects offers a life-course perspective of the neural exposome. Exosome research promises improved disease monitoring and drug delivery starting during pregnancy. Developmental origins of health and disease principles applied to FNN practice anticipate neurologic diagnoses with interventions that can benefit successive generations. Addressing health care disparities in the Global South and high-income country medical deserts require constructive dialogue among stakeholders to achieve medical equity. Population health policies require a brain capital strategy that reduces the global burden of neurologic diseases by applying FNN principles and practice. This integrative neurologic care approach will prolong survival with an improved quality of life for persons across the lifespan confronted with neurological disorders. Copyright © 2024 Scher.
Use of artificial intelligence in obstetrics: not quite ready for prime time; Artificial intelligence is finding several applications in healthcare settings. This study aimed to report evidence on the effectiveness of artificial intelligence application in obstetrics. Through a narrative review of literature, we described artificial intelligence use in different obstetrical areas as follows: prenatal diagnosis, fetal heart monitoring, prediction and management of pregnancy-related complications (preeclampsia, preterm birth, gestational diabetes mellitus, and placenta accreta spectrum), and labor. Artificial intelligence seems to be a promising tool to help clinicians in daily clinical activity. The main advantages that emerged from this review are related to the reduction of inter- and intraoperator variability, time reduction of procedures, and improvement of overall diagnostic performance. However, nowadays, the diffusion of these systems in routine clinical practice raises several issues. Reported evidence is still very limited, and further studies are needed to confirm the clinical applicability of artificial intelligence. Moreover, better training of clinicians designed to use these systems should be ensured, and evidence-based guidelines regarding this topic should be produced to enhance the strengths of artificial systems and minimize their limits. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
The effect of maternal pregestational diabetes on fetal autonomic nervous system; Heart rate variability assessment of neonates of pregestational diabetic mothers have shown alterations in the autonomic nervous system (ANS). The objective was to study the effect of maternal pregestational diabetes on ANS at the fetal stage by combining cardiac and movement parameters using a non-invasive fetal magnetocardiography (fMCG) technique. This is an observational study with 40 participants where fetuses from a group of 9 Type 1, 19 Type 2 diabetic, and 12 non-diabetic pregnant women were included. Time and frequency domain fetal heart rate variability (fHRV) and coupling of movement and heart rate acceleration parameters related to fetal ANS were analyzed. Group differences were investigated using analysis of covariance to adjust for gestational age (GA). When compared to non-diabetics, the Type 1 diabetics had a 65% increase in average ratio of very low-frequency (VLF) to low-frequency (LF) bands and 63% average decrease in coupling index after adjusting for GA. Comparing Type 2 diabetics to non-diabetics, there was an average decrease in the VLF (50%) and LF bands (63%). Diabetics with poor glycemic control had a higher average VLF/LF (49%) than diabetics with good glycemic control. No significant changes at p < 0.05 were observed in high-frequency (HF) frequency domain parameters or their ratios, or in the time domain. Fetuses of pregestational diabetic mothers exhibited some differences in fHRV frequency domain and heart rate-movement coupling when compared to non-diabetics but the effect of fHRV related to fetal ANS and sympathovagal balance were not as conclusive as observed in the neonates of pregestational diabetic mothers. © 2023 The Authors. Physiological Reports published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of The Physiological Society and the American Physiological Society.
Diagnosis and Management of Prediabetes: A Review; Importance: Prediabetes, an intermediate stage between normal glucose regulation and diabetes, affects 1 in 3 adults in the US and approximately 720 million individuals worldwide. Observations: Prediabetes is defined by a fasting glucose level of 100 to 125 mg/dL, a glucose level of 140 to 199 mg/dL measured 2 hours after a 75-g oral glucose load, or glycated hemoglobin level (HbA1C) of 5.7% to 6.4% or 6.0% to 6.4%. In the US, approximately 10% of people with prediabetes progress to having diabetes each year. A meta-analysis found that prediabetes at baseline was associated with increased mortality and increased cardiovascular event rates (excess absolute risk, 7.36 per 10000 person-years for mortality and 8.75 per 10000 person-years for cardiovascular disease during 6.6 years). Intensive lifestyle modification, consisting of calorie restriction, increased physical activity (≥150 min/wk), self-monitoring, and motivational support, decreased the incidence of diabetes by 6.2 cases per 100 person-years during a 3-year period. Metformin decreased the risk of diabetes among individuals with prediabetes by 3.2 cases per 100 person-years during 3 years. Metformin is most effective for women with prior gestational diabetes and for individuals younger than 60 years with body mass index of 35 or greater, fasting plasma glucose level of 110 mg/dL or higher, or HbA1clevel of 6.0% or higher. Conclusions and Relevance: Prediabetes is associated with increased risk of diabetes, cardiovascular events, and mortality. First-line therapy for prediabetes is lifestyle modification that includes weight loss and exercise or metformin. Lifestyle modification is associated with a larger benefit than metformin.. © 2023 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Vascular phenotype at 35–37 weeks' gestation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives: To examine the vascular phenotype at 35–37 weeks' gestation of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and compare it to that in women without GDM, using ophthalmic artery Doppler and carotid–femoral pulse-wave velocity. Methods: This was a prospective observational study of women attending for a routine hospital visit at 35 + 0 to 37 + 6 weeks' gestation. This visit included recording of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history, ophthalmic artery Doppler for calculation of the peak systolic velocity (PSV) ratio and assessment of cardiac output, stroke volume, total peripheral resistance, central systolic and diastolic blood pressure, carotid–femoral pulse-wave velocity and augmentation index. All measurements were standardized to remove the effects of maternal characteristics and elements from the medical history, and the adjusted values in the GDM group were compared with those in the non-GDM group. Results: The study population of 2018 pregnancies contained 218 (10.8%) that developed GDM, including 78 (35.8%) that were treated with diet alone, 81 (37.2%) treated with metformin and 59 (27.1%) treated with insulin with or without metformin. In the GDM group, compared with the non-GDM group, there were significantly higher ophthalmic artery PSV ratio, carotid–femoral pulse-wave velocity and central systolic blood pressure, but there was no significant difference in cardiac output, stroke volume, total peripheral resistance, central diastolic blood pressure or augmentation index. In the GDM group, women treated with metformin or insulin had a higher ophthalmic artery PSV ratio compared with those treated with diet alone. Additionally, compared with the diet group, the metformin group had higher central systolic blood pressure and the insulin group had a higher carotid–femoral pulse-wave velocity. Conclusion: Women with GDM have evidence of early vascular disease, and this may contribute to their long-term cardiovascular risk. © 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology. © 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Progesterone for women with threatened miscarriage (STOP trial): a placebo-controlled randomized clinical trial; STUDY QUESTION: In women with threatened miscarriage, does progesterone supplementation until the completion of the first trimester of pregnancy increase the probability of live birth? SUMMARY ANSWER: In women with threatened miscarriage, 400 mg vaginal progesterone nightly, from onset of bleeding until 12 weeks, did not increase live birth rates. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Limited evidence has indicated that vaginal micronized progesterone may make little or no difference to the live birth rate when compared with placebo in women with threatened miscarriage. Subgroup analysis of one recent randomized trial reported that in women with bleeding and at least one previous miscarriage, progesterone might be of benefit. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: We performed a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial between February 2012 and April 2019. Eligible pregnant women under 10 weeks gestation, experiencing a threatened miscarriage as apparent from vaginal bleeding were randomized into two groups in a 1:1 ratio: the intervention group received 400 mg progesterone as vaginal pessaries, the control group received placebo vaginal pessaries, both until 12 weeks gestation. The primary endpoint was live birth. We planned to randomize 386 women (193 per group). The study was stopped at a planned interim analysis for futility after randomization of 278 women. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: This trial was conducted at the Mater Mothers' Hospital, a tertiary centre for maternity care in South Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. We randomized 139 women to the intervention group and 139 women to the placebo group. Primary outcome data were available for 136 women in the intervention group and 133 women in the placebo group. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: The live birth rates were 82.4% (112/136) and 84.2% (112/133) in the intervention group and placebo group, respectively (risk ratio (RR) 0.98, 95% CI 0.88 to 1.09; risk difference -0.02, 95% CI -0.11 to 0.07; P = 0.683). Among women with at least one previous miscarriage, live birth rates were 80.6% (54/67) and 84.4% (65/77) (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.82-1.11; P = 0.550). No significant effect was seen from progesterone in women with two (RR 1.28, 95% CI 0.96-1.72; P = 0.096) or more (RR 0.79, 95% CI 0.53-1.19; P = 0.267) previous miscarriages. Preterm birth rates were 12.9% and 9.3%, respectively (RR 1.38; 95% CI 0.69 to 2.78; P = 0.361). Median birth weight was 3310 vs 3300 g (P = 0.992). There were also no other significant differences in obstetric and perinatal outcomes. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Our study was single centre and did not reach the planned sample size because it was stopped prematurely at an interim analysis. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: We did not find evidence supporting the treatment effect of vaginal progesterone in women with threatened miscarriage. Progesterone in this setting should not be routinely used for threatened miscarriage. The treatment effect in women with threatened miscarriage after previous miscarriages warrants further research. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): Mothers' and babies Golden Casket Clinical Fellowship (L.A.M.). Progesterone and placebo pessaries were provided by Perrigo Australia. B.W.J.M. reports grants from NHMRC, personal fees from ObsEva, personal fees from Merck KGaA, personal fees from Guerbet, personal fees from iGenomix, outside the submitted work. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ACTRN12611000405910 TRIAL REGISTRATION DATE: 19 April 2011 DATE OF FIRST PATIENT'S ENROLMENT: 06 February 2012  © 2023 The Author(s).
Positive screen on Modified Checklist for Autism in Toddlers (M-CHAT) born with very low birth weight and intrauterine growth restriction: a cross-sectional study; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to verify the Modified Checklist for Autism in Toddlers (M-CHAT) responses among children born with very low birth weight (VLBW) with and without (IUGR). METHODS: A cross-sectional study was carried out with toddlers born with VLBW, with and without IUGR. IUGR was based both on fetal ultrasound and birth weight for gestational age. M-CHAT was completed by the parents. RESULTS: Sixty-nine children completed the study and 30 (43.4%) screened positive for ASD. Analysis of children with positive and negative M-CHAT screens found no significant differences, except IUGR; 13 (43.3%) vs. 6 (15.3%), P=0.021. Multivariate analysis showed that IUGR remained significant; OR=5.3 (1.3-21.8), P=0.019. CONCLUSIONS: Toddlers born with very low birth weight associated with IUGR have a high risk for autism, according to the M-CHAT. Further studies are needed to confirm these results. © 2022 EDIZIONI MINERVA MEDICA.
Impaired Maternal-Fetal Environment and Risk for Preoperative Focal White Matter Injury in Neonates With Complex Congenital Heart Disease; BACKGROUND: Infants with congenital heart disease (CHD) are at risk for white matter injury (WMI) before neonatal heart sur-gery. Better knowledge of the causes of preoperative WMI may provide insights into interventions that improve neurodevel-opmental outcomes in these patients. METHODS AND RESULTS: A prospective single-center study of preoperative WMI in neonates with CHD recorded data on primary cardiac diagnosis, maternal-fetal environment (MFE), delivery type, subject anthropometrics, and preoperative care. Total maturation score and WMI were assessed, and stepwise logistic regression modeling selected risk factors for WMI. Among subjects with severe CHD (n=183) who received a preoperative brain magnetic resonance imaging, WMI occurred in 40 (21.9%) patients. WMI prevalence (21.4%–22.1%) and mean volumes (119.7–160.4 mm3) were similar across CHD diagnoses. Stepwise logistic regression selected impaired MFE (odds ratio [OR], 2.85 [95% CI, 1.29– 6.30]), male sex (OR, 2.27 [95% CI, 1.03– 5.36]), and older age at surgery/magnetic resonance imaging (OR, 1.20 per day [95% CI, 1.03–1.41]) as risk factors for preoperative WMI and higher total maturation score values (OR, 0.65 per unit increase [95% CI, 0.43– 0.95]) as protective. A quarter (24.6%; n=45) of subjects had ≥1 components of impaired MFE (gestational diabetes [n=12; 6.6%], gestational hypertension [n=11; 6.0%], preec-lampsia [n=2; 1.1%], tobacco use [n=9; 4.9%], hypothyroidism [n=6; 3.3%], and other [n=16; 8.7%]). In a subset of 138 subjects, an exploratory analysis of additional MFE-related factors disclosed other potential risk factors for WMI. CONCLUSIONS: This study is the first to identify impaired MFE as an important risk factor for preoperative WMI. Vulnerability to preoperative WMI was shared across CHD diagnoses. © 2023 The Authors.
Low serum dehydroepiandrosterone levels are associated with diabetic retinopathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Aims: This cross-sectional study assessed the association of serum dehydroepiandrosterone levels with the risk of diabetic retinopathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in China. Materials and Methods: Patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus were included in a multivariate logistic regression analysis to assess the association of dehydroepiandrosterone with diabetic retinopathy after adjusting for confounding factors. A restricted cubic spline was also used to model the association of serum dehydroepiandrosterone level with the risk of diabetic retinopathy and to describe the overall dose–response correlation. Additionally, an interaction test was conducted in the multivariate logistic regression analysis to compare the effects of dehydroepiandrosterone on diabetic retinopathy among age, sex, obesity status, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and glycosylated hemoglobin level subgroups. Results: In total, 1,519 patients were included in the final analysis. Low serum dehydroepiandrosterone was significantly associated with diabetic retinopathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus after adjustment for confounding factors (odds ratio [quartile 4 vs quartile 1]: 0.51; 95% confidence interval: 0.32–0.81; P = 0.012 for the trend). Additionally, the restricted cubic spline indicated that the odds of diabetic retinopathy decreased linearly as the dehydroepiandrosterone concentration increased (P-overall = 0.044; P-nonlinear = 0.364). Finally, the subgroup analyses showed that the dehydroepiandrosterone level stably affected diabetic retinopathy (all P for interaction >0.05). Conclusions: Low serum dehydroepiandrosterone levels were significantly associated with diabetic retinopathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, suggesting that dehydroepiandrosterone contributes to the pathogenesis of diabetic retinopathy. © 2023 The Authors. Journal of Diabetes Investigation published by Asian Association for the Study of Diabetes (AASD) and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
Prepregnancy Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in a Safety-Net Hospital; Background: Many adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with elevated cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. However, APO data in the context of pre-existing CVD risk factors, and from diverse populations, are limited. We assessed the occurrence of APOs among individuals with and without prepregnancy CVD risk factors, overall and by race/ethnicity. Methods: We conducted a retrospective study using electronic medical record data from a large urban safety-net hospital. Individuals with prenatal care and delivery between 2016 and 2018 at the hospital were included, and data from prenatal intake through the delivery hospitalization were captured. The exposure, prepregnancy CVD risk factors (hypertension, diabetes, tobacco use, and obesity), and the outcome, APOs (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, low birth weight, and stillbirth), were identified from electronic medical records. Results: We identified 3760 unique delivering individuals, of whom 55.1% self-identified as Black non-Hispanic and 17% as Hispanic. Prepregnancy CVD risk factor prevalence was 45.6%, most commonly obesity (26.6%). APO prevalence was 35.6%, most commonly a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (20.1%). Overall, 45.7% of APOs occurred in the absence of recognized prepregnancy CVD risk factors, representing 16.3% of the total sample. Among individuals without prepregnancy CVD risk factors, APO prevalence was 30.0% and did not vary by race/ethnicity. Conclusions: In this racially and ethnically diverse hospital-based sample, APOs were present in one in three parous individuals without prepregnancy CVD risk factors - a group with potentially elevated CVD risk who might otherwise be missed by traditional CVD risk factor screening.  Copyright © 2023, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Risk factors for necrotizing enterocolitis in neonates: A meta-analysis; Objective: The objective is to identify the risk factors for necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) in neonates by a meta-analysis, and to provide a reference for the prevention of NEC. Methods: The databases, including Chinese Biomedical Literature Datebase, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Wanfang database, and Weipu Periodical database, PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, Cochrane Library, were searched for studies on the risk factors for NEC in neonates. The meta-analysis was carried out with the aid of Stata software. Results: A total of 52 studies were included, with 48 case-control studies and 4 cohort studies. There were 166,580 neonates in total, with 33,522 neonates in the case group and 133,058 neonates in the control group. The meta-analysis showed that gestational diabetes (OR = 3.62, 95% CI:1.77–7.41), premature rupture of membranes (OR = 3.81, 95% CI:1.16–12.52), low birth weight (OR = 3.00, 95% CI:2.26–3.97), small for gestational age (OR = 1.85, 95% CI:1.15–2.97), septicemia (OR = 4.34, 95% CI:3.06–6.15), blood transfusion (OR = 3.08, 95% CI:2.16–4.38), congenital heart disease (OR = 2.73, 95% CI:1.10–6.78), respiratory distress syndrome (OR = 2.12, 95% CI:1.24–3.63), premature birth (OR = 5.63, 95% CI:2.91–10.92), pneumonia (OR = 4.07, 95% CI:2.84–5.82) were risk factors for NEC in neonates. Breastfeeding (OR = 0.37, 95% CI:0.23–0.59), take probiotics (OR = 0.30, 95% CI:0.22–0.40), prenatal use of glucocorticoids (OR = 0.39, 95% CI:0.30–0.50), Hyperbilirubinemia (OR = 0.28, 95% CI:0.09–0.86) were protective factors for NEC in neonates. Conclusions: Gestational diabetes, premature rupture of membranes, low birth weight, small for gestational age, septicemia, blood transfusion, congenital heart disease, respiratory distress syndrome, premature birth, and pneumonia may increase the risk of NEC in neonates. Breastfeeding, taking probiotics, prenatal use of glucocorticoids, and Hyperbilirubinemia may reduce the risk of NEC in neonates. 2023 Su, Xu, Guo, Chen, Han, Ma, Liang, Hao and Ren.
Mermaid syndrome: Rare genetic anomaly; Mermaid syndrome (Sirenomelia) is a rare fatal congenital anomaly. The prevalence is reported to be 1 in 100,000 births. The baby appears to have a fish-like tail and joined legs featuring a mermaid at the time of birth or during antenatal screening. Most of these patients die shortly after birth, denoting rare survival rate. Gastrointestinal and genitourinary obstruction with single umbilical artery are the clinical symptoms. Two important hypotheses support the Sirenomelia disorder: the artery steal hypothesis, called the vitelline artery, and the blastogenesis defect hypothesis. There is no known reason for MS, but certain risk factors need to be identified, which include mother aged more than 40 years or less than 20 years at the time of giving birth, cousin marriage, exposure to teratogenic agents, and family history. A case of this rare congenital disorder was seen in Civil Hospital Faisalabad, Pakistan, which was referred from Duniyapur, District Lodhran, Pakistan. The neonate presented with fused lower limbs, congenital heart disease, and high-grade fever. The mother had a history of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension. The baby had fused legs, unidentified internal and external genital system, thumbs anomaly, bile in vomit, and despite lifesaving efforts, the patient expired after five days of birth. There is lack of information regarding symptoms and a lack of prenatal screening for MS. Hence, there is a need to create awareness among health care professionals to identify the disease on screening for early diagnosis. © 2023 Pakistan Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular risk profile after a complicated pregnancy across ethnic groups: the HELIUS study; Aims Little is known about how pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk are associated, specifically among ethnic minorities. In this study, we examined this association in women from six ethnic groups, and the potential value of pregnancy complications as eligibility criterion for CVD risk screening. Methods We conducted a cross-sectional study combining obstetric history from the Dutch perinatal registry with data on cardiovas- and results cular risk up to 15 years after pregnancy from the multi-ethnic HELIUS study. We included 2466 parous women of Dutch, South-Asian Surinamese, African Surinamese, Ghanaian, Turkish, and Moroccan origin. Associations were studied across ethnicities and predictive value of pregnancy complications for CVD risk factors above traditional eligibility criteria for CVD risk screening was assessed using Poisson regression. History of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and preterm birth were associated with higher prevalence of chronic hypertension and chronic kidney disease across most groups [prevalence ratio (PR): 1.6-1.9]. Gestational diabetes mellitus was associated with increased type 2 diabetes mellitus risk, particularly in ethnic minority groups (PR: 4.5-7.7). Associations did not significantly differ across ethnic groups. The prediction models did not improve substantially after adding pregnancy complications to traditional eligibility criteria for CVD risk screening. Conclusion History of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, and gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with CVD risk factors in parous women, without evidence of a differential association across ethnic groups. However, addition of pregnancy complications to traditional eligibility criteria for CVD risk screening does not substantially improve the prediction of prevalent CVD risk factors. © The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Cardiology.
First case of neonatal fungemia caused by Aureobasidium melanogenum; Aureobasidium melanogenum is a saprophytic, dematiaceous, yeast-like fungus rarely implicated in human infections. Here, we report the first case of A. melanogenum fungemia in a 30-week-old preterm, very low birth weight neonate born to a primigravida with history of gestational diabetes, pregnancy induced hypertension and oligohydramnios. The baby developed respiratory distress, hypotension, bradycardia, coagulopathy and septic shock shortly after birth, and eventually succumbed to multiple organ dysfunction syndrome on day 9 of life. Paired blood culture showed growth of a dematiaceous yeast-like fungus which was identified as A. melanogenum by rDNA internal transcribed spacer (ITS) sequencing. Antifungal susceptibility testing of the isolate showed high minimum inhibitory concentration of fluconazole (32 µg/mL), indicating resistance. Diagnosis of A. melanogenum fungemia is difficult as it is easily confused with Candida species in Gram stained smears and similar colony morphology during the initial stages of growth. Also, the conventional diagnostic methods, such as VITEK 2 and MALDI-TOF MS are unreliable for identification of this pathogen. Accurate identification using molecular techniques is crucial for making treatment decisions as A. melanogenum shows substantial antifungal resistance. Clinicians should be aware that yeast-like cells in blood culture are not only indicative of Candida species, but also rare pathogens like A. melanogenum and should exercise caution while starting fluconazole therapy. At present, there are no established susceptibility breakpoints for Aureobasidium spp. Further studies are needed to determine the optimal treatment for such infections. © 2022 SFMM
Predicting Diabetes Using Machine Learning; Diabetes could create a global health care catastrophe. The International Diabetes Federation, predicted that there are currently 382 million diabetics worldwide and this figure will treble by 2035 to 592 Million Diabetics! Diabetes is increased blood glucose levels are a characteristic. Diabetes is one of the main risk factors for renal failure, heart failure, and stroke., amputations, blindness and kidney failure and its symptoms are frequent urination, increased thirst and appetite. Diabetes also plays a significant role in heart attacks, strokes, heart failure and blindness among many other complications that affect quality of life such as blindness. As we consume food, our bodies convert it to glucose for use as fuel, which then triggers insulin release from our pancreas. [13] Insulin acts like a key that unlocks cells to allow glucose in and fuel us -however diabetes makes this process ineffective - it affects one or both types of individuals in society. There are both typical forms and unusual variations of diabetes, such as gestational diabetes. [6] Machine Learning, which explores how computers learn through experience, was chosen as the focus for this work in order to develop an early diabetes prediction system that more accurately meets patient needs by combining several machine learning methodologies such as K Closest Neighbor Algorithm (KCLNA), Logistic Regression, Decision Tree Support Vector Machine and Random Forest; then compute accuracy scores for each model before selecting those with good accuracy scores for use when making predictions about gestational diabetes diagnosis. © 2023 IEEE.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine and gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Purpose: Emerging evidence demonstrates that asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) levels are elevated in patients with or at risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Since women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk of future CVD, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to compare ADMA concentrations between women with and without GDM during pregnancy and postpartum. Methods: PubMed, Google Scholar, EMBASE, and CINAHL databases were searched. The review protocol is registered in PROSPERO (CRD42021276796). Study selection, data extraction, and data analyses were performed in accordance with PRISMA guidelines. Random-effects model was used to quantify ADMA levels in the study groups. Results: Eleven studies provided data on 1148 women. Mean plasma ADMA concentration was 0.04 μmol/L (95% confidence interval (CI) −0.06–0.15) higher in pregnant women with GDM than those without GDM, but no significant difference was observed. In contrast, our meta-analysis demonstrated a significant increase in postpartum mean ADMA concentration (Mean Difference (MD) 0.11 μmol/L; 95% CI 0.05–0.16) among women with previous GDM compared to women without previous GDM. Conclusion: Elevated ADMA levels in GDM may be a CVD risk factor, suggesting that ADMA may be a potential biomarker for early CVD risk prediction in women with GDM. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Muscle sympathetic nerve activity during pregnancy: A systematic review and meta-analysis; We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to quantify the impact of healthy and complex pregnancy on muscle sympathetic nerve activity (MSNA) at rest, and in response to stress. Structured searches of electronic databases were performed until February 23, 2022. All study designs (except reviews) were included: population (pregnant individuals); exposures (healthy and complicated pregnancy with direct measures of MSNA); comparator (individuals who were not pregnant, or with uncomplicated pregnancy); and outcomes (MSNA, BP, and heart rate). Twenty-seven studies (N = 807) were included. MSNA burst frequency was higher in pregnancy (n = 201) versus non-pregnant controls (n = 194) (Mean Differences [MD], MD: 10.6 bursts/min; 95% CI: 7.2, 14.0; I2 = 72%). Accounting for the normative increase in heart rate with gestation, burst incidence was also higher during pregnancy (Pregnant N = 189, non-pregnant N = 173; MD: 11 bpm; 95% CI: 8, 13 bpm; I2 = 47%; p < 0.0001). Meta-regression analyses confirmed that although sympathetic burst frequency and incidence are augmented during pregnancy, this was not significantly associated with gestational age. Compared to uncomplicated pregnancy, individuals with obesity, obstructive sleep apnea, and gestational hypertension exhibited sympathetic hyperactivity, while individuals with gestational diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia did not. Uncomplicated pregnancies exhibited a lesser response to head-up tilt, but an exaggerated sympathetic responsiveness to cold pressor stress compared to non-pregnant individuals. MSNA is higher in pregnant individuals and further increased with some, but not all pregnancy complications. PROSPERO registration number: CRD42022311590. © 2023 The Authors. Physiological Reports published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of The Physiological Society and the American Physiological Society.
Women's awareness of cardiovascular disease risk after complications of pregnancy; Background: Certain maternal complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, birth of a growth restricted infant, idiopathic preterm labour, and placental abruption, are associated with a significantly increased risk of future maternal cardiovascular disease. In Australia, it is relatively unknown how many women with a history of complicated pregnancies are aware of their future cardiovascular disease risk. Aim: The aim of this study was to determine what percentage of women attending a cardiovascular disease prevention clinic in South Australia soon after a complicated pregnancy were aware of their increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Methods: This prospective observational study included 188 women attending a postpartum prevention clinic between 7th August 2018 and 10th February 2021. These women had experienced a serious maternal complication of pregnancy approximately seven months earlier. Women completed a self-administered health awareness survey immediately prior to their first clinic appointment to assess their awareness of their increased cardiovascular risk. Findings: Over two-thirds (69.1 %) of the women were unaware of the association between pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease, and 6.4 % of the cohort did not realise they had experienced a complicated pregnancy. Almost 10 % of the cohort did not correctly identify the complication/s they had been diagnosed with during pregnancy. Conclusion: Awareness of the association between complications of pregnancy and future cardiovascular disease was low in our cohort of women who had experienced a complication of pregnancy only seven months earlier. This emphasises the need for improved education for and communication with women to assist in implementing preventative care strategies. © 2023 Australian College of Midwives
Carbohydrate Intake and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies; The purpose of this study is to understand the conflicting results from previous studies on the association between carbohydrate intake and cardiovascular disease (CVD) by conducting a systematic review and meta-analysis to summarize the most recent scientific evidence. A systematic review used three electronic databases to gather literature on the association between carbohydrate intake and CVD. Considering the discrepancies, either fixed or random effect models were chosen to determine the effect size, and sensitivity analysis results, as well as publication bias, were also presented. The meta-analysis found that individuals with the highest carbohydrate intake had a 1.15-fold increased risk of CVD compared to those with the lowest intake (hazard ratio, HR: 1.15, 95% confidence interval, CI: 1.07–1.23). Further subgroup analysis revealed that this association was only present in Asia, with a 1.52-fold increased risk (HR: 1.52, 95% CI: 1.17–1.97), while no associations were seen in the Americas, Europe, and Oceania. The relationship between carbohydrate intake and CVD was non-linear, with a marked escalation beyond 60% of total energy from carbohydrates. Our findings suggest that a high-carbohydrate diet may raise the risk of CVD, particularly in Asian populations. This association may be due to the higher carbohydrate consumption and genetic variations found in Asia. © 2023 by the authors.
Brain responses to food viewing in women during pregnancy and post partum and their relationship with metabolic health: Study protocol for the FOODY Brain Study, a prospective observational study; Introduction Food cravings are common in pregnancy and along with emotional eating and eating in the absence of hunger, they are associated with excessive weight gain and adverse effects on metabolic health including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Women with GDM also show poorer mental health, which further can contribute to dysregulated eating behaviour. Food cravings can lead to greater activity in brain centres known to be involved in food 'wanting' and reward valuation as well as emotional eating. They are also related to gestational weight gain. Thus, there is a great need to link implicit brain responses to food with explicit measures of food intake behaviour, especially in the perinatal period. The aim of this study is to investigate the spatiotemporal brain dynamics to visual presentations of food in women during pregnancy and in the post partum, and link these brain responses to the eating behaviour and metabolic health outcomes in women with and without GDM. Methods and analysis This prospective observational study will include 20 women with and 20 without GDM, that have valid data for the primary outcomes. Data will be assessed at 24-36 weeks gestational age and at 6 months post partum. The primary outcomes are brain responses to food pictures of varying carbohydrate and fat content during pregnancy and in the post partum using electroencephalography. Secondary outcomes including depressive symptoms, current mood and eating behaviours will be assessed with questionnaires, objective eating behaviours will be measured using Auracle and stress will be measured with heart rate and heart rate variability (Actiheart). Other secondary outcome measures include body composition and glycaemic control parameters. Ethics and dissemination The Human Research Ethics Committee of the Canton de Vaud approved the study protocol (2021-01976). Study results will be presented at public and scientific conferences and in peer-reviewed journals. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2023. Re-use permitted under CC BY. Published by BMJ.
Case report: Early molecular confirmation and sodium polystyrene sulfonate management of systemic pseudohypoaldosteronism type I; Introduction: Type 1 pseudohypoaldosteronism (PHA) consists of resistance to aldosterone. Neonatal presentation is characterized by salt wasting, hyperkalemia, and metabolic acidosis with high risk of mortality. Type 1 PHA can be autosomal dominant (renal type 1) or autosomal recessive (systemic type 1). Renal PHA type 1 can be feasibly managed with salt supplementation; however, systemic PHA type 1 tends to have more severe electrolyte imbalance and can be more refractory to treatment. Case Presentation: We present a case of a 3-year-old girl with systemic PHA type 1, diagnosed and confirmed molecularly in infancy, who has been successfully managed with sodium polystyrene sulfonate decanted into feeds along with sodium supplementation. On day 5 of life, a full-term female infant presented to the ED for 2 days of non-bloody, non-bilious emesis, along with hypothermia to 94°F. Laboratory results were notable for hyponatremia (Na) of 127, hyperkalemia (K) of 7.9, and acidosis with bicarbonate level of 11.2. Genetic testing ordered within a week of life confirmed PHA type 1 with a homozygous pathogenic frameshift variant in SCNN1A c.575delA (p.Arg192GlyfsX57). Sodium polystyrene sulfonate and feeds were decanted until the age of 16 months, and she was also continued on NaCl supplementation. She was gradually transitioned to directly administered sodium polystyrene sulfonate without any electrolyte issues. She has overall done well after gastrostomy-tube (G-tube) placement without severe hyperkalemia even with several hospitalizations for gastrointestinal or respiratory illnesses. Discussion/Conclusion: A treatment approach to systemic PHA and sodium polystyrene sulfonate administration in neonates and infants is described. Copyright © 2024 Alkhatib, Bartlett, Kanakatti Shankar, Regier and Merchant.
Pregnancy Complications and Long-Term Mortality in a Diverse Cohort; Background: Pregnancy complications are associated with increased risk of development of cardiometabolic diseases and earlier mortality. However, much of the previous research has been limited to White pregnant participants. We aimed to investigate pregnancy complications in association with total and cause-specific mortality in a racially diverse cohort and evaluate whether associations differ between Black and White pregnant participants. Methods: The Collaborative Perinatal Project was a prospective cohort study of 48 197 pregnant participants at 12 US clinical centers (1959-1966). The Collaborative Perinatal Project Mortality Linkage Study ascertained participants' vital status through 2016 with linkage to the National Death Index and Social Security Death Master File. Adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) for underlying all-cause and cause-specific mortality were estimated for preterm delivery (PTD), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes/impaired glucose tolerance (GDM/IGT) using Cox models adjusted for age, prepregnancy body mass index, smoking, race and ethnicity, previous pregnancies, marital status, income, education, previous medical conditions, site, and year. Results: Among 46 551 participants, 45% (21 107 of 46 551) were Black, and 46% (21 502 of 46 551) were White. The median time between the index pregnancy and death/censoring was 52 years (interquartile range, 45-54). Mortality was higher among Black (8714 of 21 107 [41%]) compared with White (8019 of 21 502 [37%]) participants. Overall, 15% (6753 of 43 969) of participants had PTD, 5% (2155 of 45 897) had hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and 1% (540 of 45 890) had GDM/IGT. PTD incidence was higher in Black (4145 of 20 288 [20%]) compared with White (1941 of 19 963 [10%]) participants. The following were associated with all-cause mortality: preterm spontaneous labor (aHR, 1.07 [95% CI, 1.03-1.1]); preterm premature rupture of membranes (aHR, 1.23 [1.05-1.44]); preterm induced labor (aHR, 1.31 [1.03-1.66]); preterm prelabor cesarean delivery (aHR, 2.09 [1.75-2.48]) compared with full-Term delivery; gestational hypertension (aHR, 1.09 [0.97-1.22]); preeclampsia or eclampsia (aHR, 1.14 [0.99-1.32]) and superimposed preeclampsia or eclampsia (aHR, 1.32 [1.20-1.46]) compared with normotensive; and GDM/IGT (aHR, 1.14 [1.00-1.30]) compared with normoglycemic. P values for effect modification between Black and White participants for PTD, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and GDM/IGT were 0.009, 0.05, and 0.92, respectively. Preterm induced labor was associated with greater mortality risk among Black (aHR, 1.64 [1.10-2.46]) compared with White (aHR, 1.29 [0.97-1.73]) participants, while preterm prelabor cesarean delivery was higher in White (aHR, 2.34 [1.90-2.90]) compared with Black (aHR, 1.40 [1.00-1.96]) participants. Conclusions: In this large, diverse US cohort, pregnancy complications were associated with higher mortality nearly 50 years later. Higher incidence of some complications in Black individuals and differential associations with mortality risk suggest that disparities in pregnancy health may have life-long implications for earlier mortality. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Decreased flow-mediated dilation in gestational diabetes in pregnancy and post-partum. A systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common medical complication during pregnancy. Endothelial dysfunction is considered an early step in the progression of atherosclerosis that may contribute to subclinical target organ damage. This meta-analysis aimed to systemically review the existing data regarding endothelial dysfunction between women with and without GDM during pregnancy and post-partum using flow-mediated dilation (FMD). Materials and Methods: Eligible studies (cohort and observational) published until October 2021 were identified in the MEDLINE, Scopus, Cochrane Library database and grey literature sources were searched. Results: The search yielded 2272 studies, of which 17 were fully reviewed and 12 studies (N = 740 pregnant women) were finally included. Pregnant women with GDM exhibited a significantly lower FMD compared to pregnant women without GDM (pooled mean difference −3.12; 95% CI −5.36 to −0.88). Moreover, in the immediate (1–6 months) post-partum period, women with previous GDM showed lower FMD compared to healthy women without GDM history (pooled mean difference −7.52; 95% CI −9.44 to −5.59), whereas FMD did not differ in the late post-partum period (more than 4 years). Conclusions: Flow-mediated dilation is decreased in women with GDM during pregnancy and in the immediate post-partum period, compared to women without GDM, indicating that the endothelial dysfunction noted during the pregnancy in those women persists in the immediate post-partum period too. Clinical trial registration: PROSPERO CRD42021283113 (www.ClinicalTrials.gov). © 2022 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The role of miRNAs in insulin resistance and diabetic macrovascular complications – A review; Diabetes is the most prevalent metabolic disturbance disease and has been regarded globally as one of the principal causes of mortality. Diabetes is accompanied by several macrovascular complications, including stroke, coronary artery disease (CAD), and cardiomyopathy as a consequence of atherosclerosis. The onset of type 2 diabetes is closely related to insulin resistance (IR). miRNAs have been linked to various metabolic processes, including glucose homeostasis, regulation of lipid metabolism, gluconeogenesis, adipogenesis, glucose transporter type 4 expression, insulin sensitivity, and signaling. Consequently, miRNA dysregulation mediates IR in some target organs, comprising liver, muscle, and adipose tissue. Moreover, miRNAs are crucial in developing diabetes and its associated macrovascular complications through their roles in several signaling pathways implicated in inflammation, apoptosis, cellular survival and migration, the proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells, neurogenesis, angiogenesis, autophagy, oxidative stress, cardiac remodeling, and fibrosis. Therefore, the purpose of this review is to clarify the role of miRNAs in hepatic, muscle, and adipose tissue IR and explain their roles in the pathogenesis of macrovascular diabetic complications, including stroke, CAD, and cardiomyopathy. Also, explain their roles in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Besides, this review discusses the latest updates on the alteration of miRNA expression in diabetic macrovascular complications. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Prevalence, characteristics, and health-related quality of life of continuous glucose monitoring use according to the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System 2014-2020; BACKGROUND: Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) can improve behavioral and clinical outcomes. The use of CGM in realworld practice appears to be increasing. However, actual prevalence and characteristics of using CGM in real-world practice are unknown. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the prevalence of CGM use by American adults with diabetes mellitus and differences in demographics and health-related quality of life (HRQOL) between users of CGM and self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG). METHODS: This serial cross-sectional study using 2014-2020 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System data included nonpregnant adults with self-reported diabetes using CGM or 4-15 times daily SMBG. Outcomes were prevalence of CGM use, demographics, and the 4-item Centers for Disease Control and Prevention HRQOL (CDC HRQOL-4). Unadjusted analysis was performed using univariable regression, and adjusted analysis was performed using nearest neighbor matching to compare CDC HRQOL-4 between SMBG and CGM groups in SAS Studio version 5.2. RESULTS: Among 12,053 included respondents, 231 (1.9%) reported using CGM, and prevalence increased from 0.4% in 2014 to 4.1% in 2020. Compared with SMBG users, CGM users were more likely to be younger (50.3 years vs 56.1 years; P < 0.001), employed (59.6% vs 30.6%; P = 0.001), earn at least $75,000/year (48.5% vs 22.0%, P < 0.001), have insurance coverage (99.7% vs 95.4%; P = 0.005), and report fewer comorbidities (history of myocardial infarction, stroke, arthritis, depressive disorder, and kidney disease; all P < 0.05). After nearest neighbor matching, diabetes management-related characteristics were shown to have statistically significant differences between CGM and SMBG users including: age at diabetes diagnosis (30.6 vs 35.6 years; P = 0.005), not seeing a doctor because of cost concern (2.6% vs 7.8%; P = 0.011), checking hemoglobin A1c biannually (91.3% vs 86.6%; P = 0.047), performing daily foot self-examination (58.9% vs 69.6%; P = 0.028), receiving foot examination by a health care professional annually (87.9% vs 93.5%; P = 0.048), and receiving a shingles vaccine in the past (16.5% vs 10.1%; P = 0.024). CDC HRQOL-4 were shown to be similar between the 2 groups across the 4 domains (general health, physical, mental, and combined physical and mental health). CONCLUSIONS: An increased trend in CGM use was observed from 2014 to 2020. Economic factors were associated with CGM use over SMBG, and CGM use did not show a difference in HRQOL measured across the 4 domains.  © 2023, Academy of Managed Care Pharmacy. All rights reserved.
Micronized Progesterone or Dydrogesterone? A Comparative Study on the Effects of Two Forms of Progesterone on Pregnancy Outcomes After Threatened Abortion; Background: A significant number of pregnancies are at risk of threatened abortion (TA). Different types of progesterone are used to treat TA. Objectives: In this study, the effects of 2 forms of progesterone on the continuation of pregnancy and TA-caused pregnancy outcomes were compared. Methods: A total of 190 women with a gestational age of 6 - 13 weeks presenting with uterine bleeding, closed cervix, and absence of fetal heart rate diagnosed by vaginal examination and ultrasound were allocated into 2 groups and treated with either (D) dydrogesterone (10 mg twice a day) or (M) micronized progesterone (200 mg, twice a day) for beyond 2 weeks after the cessation of uterine bleeding to ensure that bleeding would not recur. The participants were followed up and received prenatal care until the end of pregnancy. The outcomes of pregnancy were recorded and compared between the 2 groups. Results: The incidence of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, cesarean section, intrauterine fetal death (IUFD), placenta previa, and abortion was not significantly different between the 2 groups. However, the prevalence of preterm labor and low birth weight (LBW) was significantly lower in M-treated women (P < 0.001 and P= 0.007, respectively). The baby’s weight and gestational age at delivery were significantly higher in the M group than in the D group (P < 0.001). No serious drug side effects were observed in the 2 groups throughout the study. Conclusions: The results of this study showed that the incidence of preterm labor and LBW was significantly lower in the patients treated with micronized progesterone than in patients treated with dydrogesterone; however, the prevalence of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, cesarean section, IUFD, and abortion was not significantly different between the 2 groups. © 2023, Brieflands. All rights reserved.
Role of Telemedicine in Diabetes Management; Introduction: Telemedicine is a growing arena that may increase access to care for patients with diabetes. It has more relevance for rural populations or those with limited physical access to health care, for improving diabetes care. Telemedicine can also be used to offer diabetes self-education and transportation barriers for patients living in under-resourced areas or with disabilities. Method: "This review explores the landscape of telemedicine approaches and evidence for incorporation into general practice. Results & Discussion: Telehealth platforms have been shown to be both feasible and effective for health care delivery in diabetes, although there are many caveats that require tailoring to the institution, clinician, and patient population. Research in diabetes telehealth should focus next on how to increase access to patients who are known to be marginalized from traditional models of health care. © 2022 Diabetes Technology Society.
Environment-and epigenome-wide association study of obesity in ‘Children of 1997’ birth cohort; Background: Increasing childhood obesity is a global issue requiring potentially local solutions to ensure it does not continue into adulthood. We systematically identified potentially modifiable targets of obesity at the onset and end of puberty in Hong Kong, the most economically developed major Chinese city. Methods: We conducted an environment-wide association study (EWAS) and an epigenome-wide association study of obesity to systematically assess associations with body mass index (BMI) and waist–hip ratio (WHR) in Hong Kong’s population-representative ‘Children of 1997’ birth cohort. Univariable linear regression was used to select exposures related to obesity at ~11.5 years (BMI and obesity risk n ≤ 7119, WHR n = 5691) and ~17.6 years (n = 3618) at Bonferroni-corrected signif-icance, and multivariable regression to adjust for potential confounders followed by replicated multivariable regression (n = 308) and CpG by CpG analysis (n = 286) at ~23 years. Findings were compared with evidence from published randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and Mendelian random-ization (MR) studies. Results: At ~11.5 and~17.6 years the EWAS identified 14 and 37 exposures associated with BMI, as well as 7 and 12 associated with WHR, respectively. Most exposures had directionally consistent associations at ~23 years. Maternal second-hand smoking, maternal weight, and birth weight were consistently associated with obesity. Diet (including dairy intake and artificially sweetened bever-ages), physical activity, snoring, binge eating, and earlier puberty were positively associated with BMI at ~17.6 years, while eating before sleep was inversely associated with BMI at ~17.6 years. Findings for birth weight, dairy intake, and binge eating are consistent with available evidence from RCTs or MR studies. We found 17 CpGs related to BMI and 17 to WHR. Conclusions: These novel insights into potentially modifiable factors associated with obesity at the outset and the end of puberty could, if causal, inform future interventions to improve population health in Hong Kong and similar Chinese settings. Funding: This study including the follow-up survey and epigenetics testing was supported by the Health and Medical Research Fund Research Fellowship, Food and Health Bureau, Hong Kong SAR Government (#04180097). The DNA extraction of the samples used for epigenetic testing was supported by CFS-HKU1. © 2023, eLife Sciences Publications Ltd. All rights reserved.
Serum microcystin-LR levels and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A Chinese nested case-control study; Background: Previous experimental studies have reported an association between microcystin-LR (MC-LR) and glucose homeostasis, but whether exposure to MC-LR is a risk factor for the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) requires further epidemiological study. This study aims to explore the effects of MC-LR on GDM. Methods: A prospective nested case-control study was performed in the Hunan Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital (HPMCHH) in South China. A total of 119 patients with GDM and 238 controls were enrolled in the study. The two independent samples t-test, or chi-square test was used to compare the difference between the GDM group and the non-GDM group. Binary logistic regression was used to obtain odds ratios (ORs) by controlling for confounders. Results: The cumulative incidence of GDM in our sample was 13.7%. The detection rate of MC-LR in the GDM group were significantly higher than those in the control group (44.2% vs. 29.4%; p=0.007). Our results show that an elevated serum MC-LR level in the first trimester of pregnancy was related to an increased risk of GDM (OR: 1.924; 95% CI: 1.092-3.391; p<0.05). When stratified by age, educational level, parity, and passive smoking, significantly relationships were observed among those aged >30 years, lower income, higher education, none passive smoking, and more likely to be multiparous. Conclusions: Our data reveals that serum MC-LR level in the first trimester is independently associated with GDM. Copyright © 2023 Lin, An, Wu, Liu, Deng, Tan, Chen, Chen and Ma.
Research Progress on the Construction and Application of a Diabetic Zebrafish Model; Diabetes is a metabolic disease characterized by high blood glucose levels. With economic development and lifestyle changes, the prevalence of diabetes is increasing yearly. Thus, it has become an increasingly serious public health problem in countries around the world. The etiology of diabetes is complex, and its pathogenic mechanisms are not completely clear. The use of diabetic animal models is helpful in the study of the pathogenesis of diabetes and the development of drugs. The emerging vertebrate model of zebrafish has many advantages, such as its small size, large number of eggs, short growth cycle, simple cultivation of adult fish, and effective improvement of experimental efficiency. Thus, this model is highly suitable for research as an animal model of diabetes. This review not only summarizes the advantages of zebrafish as a diabetes model, but also summarizes the construction methods and challenges of zebrafish models of type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, and diabetes complications. This study provides valuable reference information for further study of the pathological mechanisms of diabetes and the research and development of new related therapeutic drugs. © 2023 by the authors.
Pathophysiological Effects of Contemporary Lifestyle on Evolutionary-Conserved Survival Mechanisms in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is increasingly being characterized as an evolutionary mismatch disorder that presents with a complex mixture of metabolic and endocrine symptoms. The Evolutionary Model proposes that PCOS arises from a collection of inherited polymorphisms that have been consistently demonstrated in a variety of ethnic groups and races. In utero developmental programming of susceptible genomic variants are thought to predispose the offspring to develop PCOS. Postnatal exposure to lifestyle and environmental risk factors results in epigenetic activation of developmentally programmed genes and disturbance of the hallmarks of health. The resulting pathophysiological changes represent the consequences of poor-quality diet, sedentary behaviour, endocrine disrupting chemicals, stress, circadian disruption, and other lifestyle factors. Emerging evidence suggests that lifestyle-induced gastrointestinal dysbiosis plays a central role in the pathogenesis of PCOS. Lifestyle and environmental exposures initiate changes that result in disturbance of the gastrointestinal microbiome (dysbiosis), immune dysregulation (chronic inflammation), altered metabolism (insulin resistance), endocrine and reproductive imbalance (hyperandrogenism), and central nervous system dysfunction (neuroendocrine and autonomic nervous system). PCOS can be a progressive metabolic condition that leads to obesity, gestational diabetes, type two diabetes, metabolic-associated fatty liver disease, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. This review explores the mechanisms that underpin the evolutionary mismatch between ancient survival pathways and contemporary lifestyle factors involved in the pathogenesis and pathophysiology of PCOS. © 2023 by the author.
Fetal heart rate responses to maternal sleep-disordered breathing; Background: Maternal sleep-disordered breathing is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and is considered to be deleterious to the developing fetus. Maternal obesity potentiates sleep-disordered breathing, which, in turn, may contribute to the effect of maternal obesity on adverse fetal outcomes. However, only a few empirical studies have evaluated the contemporaneous effects of maternal sleep-disordered breathing events on fetal well-being. These events include apnea and hypopnea with accompanying desaturations in oxyhemoglobin. Objective: This study aimed to reconcile contradictory findings on the associations between maternal apnea or hypopnea events and clinical indicators of fetal compromise. It also sought to broaden the knowledge base by examining the fetal heart rate and heart rate variability before, during, and after episodes of maternal apnea or hypopnea. To accomplish this, we employed overnight polysomnography, the gold standard for ascertaining maternal sleep-disordered breathing, and synchronized it with continuous fetal electrocardiography. Study Design: A total of 84 pregnant women with obesity (body mass index >30 kg/m2) participated in laboratory-based polysomnography with digitized fetal electrocardiography recordings during or near 36 weeks of gestation. Sleep was recorded, on average, for 7 hours. Decelerations in fetal heart rate were identified. Fetal heart rate and heart rate variability were quantified before, during, and after each apnea or hypopnea event. Event-level intensity (desaturation magnitude, duration, and nadir O2 saturation level) and person-level characteristics based on the full overnight recording (apnea-hypopnea index, mean O2 saturation, and O2 saturation variability) were analyzed as potential moderators using linear mixed effects models. Results: A total of 2936 sleep-disordered breathing events were identified, distributed among all but 2 participants. On average, participants exhibited 8.7 episodes of apnea or hypopnea per hour (mean desaturation duration, 19.1 seconds; mean O2 saturation nadir, 86.6% per episode); nearly half (n=39) of the participants met the criteria for obstructive sleep apnea. Only 45 of 2936 apnea or hypopnea events were followed by decelerations (1.5%). Conversely, most (n=333, 88%) of the 378 observed decelerations, including the prolonged ones, did not follow an apnea or a hypopnea event. Maternal sleep-disordered breathing burden, body mass index, and fetal sex were unrelated to the number of decelerations. Fetal heart rate variability increased during events of maternal apnea or hypopnea but returned to initial levels soon thereafter. There was a dose-response association between the size of the increase in fetal heart rate variability and the maternal apnea-hypopnea index, event duration, and desaturation depth. Longer desaturations were associated with a decreased likelihood of the variability returning to baseline levels after the event. The mean fetal heart rate did not change during episodes of maternal apnea or hypopnea. Conclusion: Episodes of maternal sleep apnea and hypopnea did not evoke decelerations in the fetal heart rate despite the predisposing risk factors that accompany maternal obesity. The significance of the modest transitory increase in fetal heart rate variability in response to apnea and hypopnea episodes is not clear but may reflect compensatory, delimited autonomic responses to momentarily adverse conditions. This study found no evidence that episodes of maternal sleep-disordered breathing pose an immediate threat, as reflected in fetal heart rate responses, to the near-term fetus. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Strangulated interstitial interparietal hernia following lower segment caesarean section: a case report; Interparietal hernias are rare and occur most commonly in the long-term postoperative setting following abdominopelvic surgery. This case report describes the development of a strangulated interparietal hernia through a defect in the posterior rectus sheath 4 days post-lower segment caesarean section (LSCS) in a 36-year-old female. Whilst she had an acute abdomen, she did not have a palpable incisional hernia. Her interparietal hernia was identified via a computed tomography scan of her abdomen and pelvis. She underwent a midline laparotomy where ischaemic small bowel was found within her hernia. This was resected and she had an unremarkable recovery. This case is the first of its kind and highlights the diagnostic challenge of interparietal hernias in acute postoperative patients as well as the importance of having a low threshold for suspicion for complicated interparietal hernias in patients with an acute abdomen following LSCS.  © The Author(s) 2023.
Vitamin B12deficiency presenting with a pancytopenia in pregnancy; Vitamin B12 deficiency is a significant public health problem globally. Although it is a well-known cause of macrocytic anaemia and in advanced cases, pancytopenia, there remains a relative paucity of cases reported in pregnancy. It is associated with an increased risk of pregnancy complications and adverse birth outcomes such as neural tube defects, preterm birth, low birth weight, neurological sequelae and intrauterine death. It has a predilection for individuals aged >60 years. It has been implicated in a spectrum of neuropsychiatric disorders and it may also exert indirect cardiovascular effects. Severe vitamin B12 deficiency may present with haematological abnormalities that mimic thrombotic microangiopathy such as HELLP syndrome (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets) or it may present as pseudothrombotic microangiopathy (Moschcowitz syndrome) characterised by anaemia, thrombocytopenia and schistocytosis. It can also closely mimic thrombotic thrombocytopenia purpura, hence posing a diagnostic challenge to the unwary physician. Serological measurement of vitamin B12 levels confirms the diagnosis. Oral supplementation with vitamin B12 remains a safe and effective treatment. The authors describe the case of a multiparous woman in her late 20s presenting with a plethora of non-specific symptoms at 29 +5 weeks' gestation. Her haemoglobin was 45 g/L, platelets 32×10 9 /L, vitamin B12 <150 ng/L and serum folate <2 μg/L. She was not a vegetarian, but her diet lacked nutrition. Following parenteral B12 supplementation, her haematological parameters improved. The pregnancy was carried to term. Due to the plethora of non-specific symptoms, the diagnosis can be challenging to establish. Adverse maternal or fetal outcomes may occur. Folic acid supplementation may mask an occult vitamin B12 deficiency and further exacerbate or initiate neurological disease. © BMJ Publishing Group Limited 2023. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
The function, mechanisms, and clinical applications of metformin: potential drug, unlimited potentials; Metformin has been used clinically for more than 60 years. As time goes by, more and more miraculous effects of metformin beyond the clinic have been discovered and discussed. In addition to the clinically approved hypoglycemic effect, it also has a positive metabolic regulation effect on the human body that cannot be ignored. Such as anti-cancer, anti-aging, brain repair, cardiovascular protection, gastrointestinal regulation, hair growth and inhibition of thyroid nodules, and other nonclinical effects. Metformin affects almost the entire body in the situation taking it over a long period, and the preventive effects of metformin in addition to treating diabetes are also beginning to be recommended in some guidelines. This review is mainly composed of four parts: the development history of metformin, the progress of clinical efficacy, the nonclinical efficacy of metformin, and the consideration and prospect of its application. © 2023, The Pharmaceutical Society of Korea.
Pregnancy complications and later life women's health; There has been increasing recognition of the association between various pregnancy complications and development of chronic disease in later life. Pregnancy has come to be regarded as a physiological stress test, as the strain it places on a woman's body may reveal underlying predispositions to disease that would otherwise remain hidden for many years. Despite the increasing body of data, there is a lack of awareness among healthcare providers surrounding these risks. We performed a narrative literature review and have summarized the associations between the common pregnancy complications including gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, spontaneous preterm birth, stillbirth and miscarriage and subsequent development of chronic disease. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, spontaneous preterm birth, gestational diabetes, pregnancy loss and placental abruption are all associated with increased risk of various forms of cardiovascular disease. Gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, early miscarriage and recurrent miscarriage are associated with increased risk of diabetes mellitus. Pre-eclampsia, stillbirth and recurrent miscarriage are associated with increased risk of venous thromboembolism. Pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and stillbirth are associated with increased risk of chronic kidney disease. Gestational diabetes is associated with postnatal depression, and also with increased risk of thyroid and stomach cancers. Stillbirth, miscarriage and recurrent miscarriage are associated with increased risk of mental health disorders including depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress disorders. Counseling in the postnatal period following a complicated pregnancy, and advice regarding risk reduction should be available for all women. Further studies are required to establish optimal screening intervals for cardiovascular disease and diabetes following complicated pregnancy. © 2023 The Authors. Acta Obstetricia et Gynecologica Scandinavica published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Nordic Federation of Societies of Obstetrics and Gynecology (NFOG).
Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine Special Statement: Quality metric on the rate of postpartum diabetes screening after pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus; As many as 1 in 3 patients with gestational diabetes mellitus have impaired glucose metabolism when screened postpartum. These patients have a 40% to 70% lifetime risk of progression to type 2 diabetes mellitus, but progression can be delayed or prevented by lifestyle interventions or medication. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Diabetes Association recommend a glucose tolerance test at 4 to 12 weeks postpartum for all patients with gestational diabetes mellitus. Despite these recommendations, postpartum screening rates are typically <50%, representing a major healthcare “quality gap.” The Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine proposes a uniform metric that identifies the percentage of persons with gestational diabetes mellitus who completed a 75-g, 2-hour glucose tolerance test within 12 weeks after delivery. The metric is designed to be measured using diagnosis and procedure codes in payor claims data. Barriers to screening are discussed. Possible uses of the metric for quality improvement projects are outlined. Increasing the rate of postpartum diabetes screening should facilitate timely referral to implement lifestyle modifications, medication, and long-term follow-up. Use of the metric in financial incentive programs is discouraged at this time. © 2022
The protective effect of zinc, selenium, and chromium on myocardial fibrosis in the offspring of rats with gestational diabetes mellitus; The offspring of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers are considered to be at the risk of cardiovascular diseases due to intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure. Our previous study showed that zinc, selenium, and chromium dramatically alleviated glucose intolerance in GDM rats and their offspring (P < 0.05). However, the effects of these elements on the damage of the cardiac myocytes of GDM offspring and the underlying mechanisms have not been demonstrated. Here, we investigated the beneficial effects of zinc (10 mg per kg bw), selenium (20 μg per kg bw), and chromium (20 μg per kg bw) supplementation on myocardial fibrosis in the offspring of GDM rats induced by a high-fat and sucrose (HFS) diet. The results showed that maternal GDM induced glucose intolerance, oxidative stress, cardiac inflammation and myocardial fibrosis in offspring rats during different ages (3 days, 3 weeks, and adulthood), which were ameliorated by zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation (P < 0.05). The activity of cardiac damage markers such as creatine kinase-myocardial band isoenzyme (CK-MB), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) decreased by 40-60% in element-supplemented offspring compared to that in non-supplemented offspring of GDM dams (P < 0.05). Moreover, maternal GDM-induced expression of fibrosis-related proteins and the transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-β1)/small mothers against decapentaplegic homolog 3 (Smad3) signaling pathway in the heart tissue of offspring was down-regulated by zinc, selenium, and chromium supplementation (P < 0.05). In conclusion, zinc, selenium, and chromium may play a protective role in maternal GDM-induced myocardial fibrosis in offspring from birth to adulthood by inactivating the TGF-β1/Smad3 pathway. © 2023 The Royal Society of Chemistry.
The Role of Copper Intake in the Development and Management of Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Review; Diabetes mellitus is a worldwide public health issue with numerous complications. Several risk factors are associated with diabetes, mainly due to patients following an unhealthy lifestyle. Copper is a crucial trace element, with various physiological actions. Different intake levels of copper might contribute to diabetes development due to its dual action as both an anti- and pro-oxidant. Aim: Due to the inconclusive findings regarding the relationship between copper consumption and the management of diabetes, we decided to conduct this extensive systematic review. Up to this date, no similar study has been available in the literature. In this review, we used the preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analysis (PRISMA) guidelines. Relevant articles were identified by searching the electronic databases CINAHL, EMBASE and Medline from their respective index dates to September 2022 using keywords such as “Copper Intake” and “Type 2 Diabetes”. Any paper that has investigated copper exposure through supplementation or any other method that indicates copper intake in human subjects with type 2 diabetes and measures at least one of the outcomes of interest related to diabetes was included in this review. This review is comprised of 4 cross-sectional studies, 3 cohort studies, 2 RCTs, and 2 interventional studies. Two cohort studies found positive associations between copper intake and the risk of developing T2DM, while no significant association was found in the third study. Regarding diabetes outcomes in the four cross-sectional studies, two found inverse associations, one found a positive relationship, and one found no significant association. In interventional studies, all studies found a protective effect of copper, including the RCT, while one found no significant association. The results are inconsistent concerning the association between copper consumption and the likelihood of developing diabetes are inconsistent. Individuals should receive an adequate dietary amount of copper that is within the RDA levels (900 µg/day) to avoid copper deficiency or toxicity. Further studies, especially RCTs, are strongly needed to enable researchers to elucidate more robust conclusions regarding this association. © 2023 by the authors.
Effect of Resveratrol on Pregnancy, Prenatal Complications and Pregnancy-Associated Structure Alterations; Adverse pregnancy outcomes are considered significant health risks for pregnant women and their offspring during pregnancy and throughout their lifespan. These outcomes lead to a perturbated in-utero environment that impacts critical phases of the fetus’s life and correlates to an increased risk of chronic pathological conditions, such as diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases, in both the mother’s and adult offspring’s life. The dietary intake of naturally occurring antioxidants promotes health benefits and disease prevention. In this regard, maternal dietary intake of polyphenolic antioxidants is linked to a reduced risk of maternal obesity and cardio-metabolic disorders, positively affecting both the fetus and offspring. In this work, we will gather and critically appraise the current literature highlighting the effect/s of the naturally occurring polyphenol antioxidant resveratrol on oxidative stress, inflammation, and other molecular and physiological phenomena associated with pregnancy and pregnancy conditions, such as gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and preterm labor. The resveratrol impact on prenatal complications and pregnancy-associated structures, such as the fetus and placenta, will also be discussed. Finally, we will draw conclusions from the current knowledge and provide future perspectives on potentially exploiting resveratrol as a therapeutic tool in pregnancy-associated conditions. © 2023 by the authors.
The Role of Lifestyle Interventions in the Prevention and Treatment of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common pregnancy-related endocrinopathies, affecting up to 25% of pregnancies globally. GDM increases the risk of perinatal and delivery complications, and the chance of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus and its complications, including cardiovascular diseases. This elevated risk is then passed on to the next generation, creating a cycle of metabolic dysfunction across generations. For many years, GDM preventive measures have had inconsistent results, but recent systematic reviews and meta-analyses have identified promising new preventative routes. This review aims to summarize the evidence investigating the efficacy of lifestyle treatments for the prevention of GDM and to summarize the effects of two lifestyle interventions, including physical activity and dietary interventions. Based on the present research, future studies should be conducted to investigate whether initiating lifestyle interventions during the preconception period is more beneficial in preventing GDM. In addition, research targeting pregnancy should be designed with a personalized approach. Therefore, studies should customize intervention approaches depending on the presence of modifiable and non-modifiable risk factors at the individual level. © 2023 by the authors.
A Young Female with SARS-CoV-2 Infection Presenting with Concurrent Neurological and Pulmonary Manifestations: A Case Report; Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), besides its well-known deleterious effects on the respiratory system, is also reported to affect the central nervous system (CNS), presenting with neurological manifestations, that are commoner among older patients with associated co-morbidities and in the critically ill with COVID pneumonia. Infective, cerebrovascular, and hypoxic-toxic-metabolic etiology have been implicated. Reported outcomes have been poor with persistent neurological deficits among the majority who have survived. We report a young lady who presented with neurological manifestations alongside moderately severe COVID-19 pneumonia. Diagnosed early and managed as severe encephalopathy after excluding infective and cerebrovascular aetiology. Responded well to conservative measures and made a complete recovery. Early recognition of neurological manifestations of COVID-19 disease followed by the institution of appropriate therapies improved the outcomes. © 2023, College of Anaesthesiologists of Sri Lanka. All rights reserved.
Liver X Receptor Activation Attenuates Oxysterol-Induced Inflammatory Responses in Fetoplacental Endothelial Cells; Oxysterols are oxidized cholesterol derivatives whose systemic levels are found elevated in pregnancy disorders such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Oxysterols act through various cellular receptors and serve as a key metabolic signal, coordinating inflammation. GDM is a condition of low-grade chronic inflammation accompanied by altered inflammatory profiles in the mother, placenta and fetus. Higher levels of two oxysterols, namely 7-ketocholesterol (7-ketoC) and 7β-hydroxycholesterol (7β-OHC), were observed in fetoplacental endothelial cells (fpEC) and cord blood of GDM offspring. In this study, we tested the effects of 7-ketoC and 7β-OHC on inflammation and investigated the underlying mechanisms involved. Primary fpEC in culture treated with 7-ketoC or 7β-OHC, induced the activation of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and nuclear factor kappa B (NFκB) signaling, which resulted in the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines (IL-6, IL-8) and intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1). Liver-X receptor (LXR) activation is known to repress inflammation. Treatment with LXR synthetic agonist T0901317 dampened oxysterol-induced inflammatory responses. Probucol, an inhibitor of LXR target gene ATP-binding cassette transporter A-1 (ABCA-1), antagonized the protective effects of T0901317, suggesting a potential involvement of ABCA-1 in LXR-mediated repression of inflammatory signaling in fpEC. TLR-4 inhibitor Tak-242 attenuated pro-inflammatory signaling induced by oxysterols downstream of the TLR-4 inflammatory signaling cascade. Taken together, our findings suggest that 7-ketoC and 7β-OHC contribute to placental inflammation through the activation of TLR-4. Pharmacologic activation of LXR in fpEC decelerates its shift to a pro-inflammatory phenotype in the presence of oxysterols. © 2023 by the authors.
Infants of Diabetic Mothers; The global incidence of diabetes in pregnancy is rising. Infants born to pregnant mothers with diabetes are predisposed to short- and long-term complications. A wide range of metabolic changes can occur in the fetus, including oxidative stress, nitrosative stress, endoplasmic reticulum stress (unfolded protein response), and hexosamine stress. There is increased risk of fetal deaths, infant macrosomia, metabolic problems such as hypoglycemia, respiratory distress, jaundice, cardiac problems such as asymmetric septal hypertrophy, and congenital anomalies. In this chapter, we have reviewed the clinical management of these infants, focusing particularly on the need for careful monitoring in the immediate postnatal period. © 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Role of Ductus Venosus Doppler Sonography for the Prediction of Perinatal Outcome in Term Pregnancies Complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Purpose Ductus venosus (DV) Doppler velocimetry reflects fetal cardiac function. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is assumed to impair cardiac function due to fetal hyperglycemia. The purpose of this study was to assess the ability of DV Doppler to predict an adverse perinatal outcome (APO) in term pregnancies with GDM. Methods This is a retrospective cohort study including GDM pregnancies of singleton, non-anomalous fetuses without any signs of placental dysfunction. All GDM women who primarily had a vaginal delivery attempt and in which DV Doppler was examined from 37 + 0 weeks on were included. Receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) analyses were performed to assess the predictive value of DV pulsatility index (DV-PI) regarding a composite APO (CAPO). Furthermore, a subgroup analysis was performed regarding the presence of a large-for-gestational-age (LGA) newborn. Results A total of n = 89 cases were included. Overall, CAPO occurred in 26 out of 89 cases (29.2 %). All DV Doppler examinations showed a positive A wave. DV-PI was > 95th percentile in 8 out of 89 cases (9 %). Overall, ROC analysis showed no significant association of DV-PI with CAPO (AUC = 0.523, p = 0.735). However, regarding individual APO parameters, ROC analysis showed a significant association of DV-PI with 5thmin AGPAR (AUC = 0.960, p = 0.027), which was not confirmed after exclusion of LGA cases. Conclusion In GDM pregnancies at term, DV Doppler sonography seems to have no benefit for APO prediction.  © 2024. Thieme. All rights reserved.
Postpartum Diabetes Management; There is an increased prevalence of diabetes in the general population and specifically in women of childbearing potential. The inpatient healthcare team should be prepared to care for women with both pre-existing diabetes in pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus. The postpartum period presents a challenge in establishing and maintaining euglycemia. Insulin management and lifestyle modification should be individualized according to the needs of the woman. Diabetes self-management education, lactation support, and other appropriate referrals for additional services should be considered. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Aspirin for the Prevention of Early and Severe Pre-Eclampsia Recurrence: A Real-World Population-Based Study; Background: Many clinical trials have reported that low-dose aspirin decreases the risk of pre-eclampsia in women with prior pre-eclampsia. However, its impact in a real-world population has not been fully assessed. Objectives: To assess the rates of low-dose aspirin initiation during pregnancy in women with a history of pre-eclampsia, and to evaluate the impact of low-dose aspirin in prevention of pre-eclampsia recurrence in a real-world population. Study Design: CONCEPTION is a French nationwide cohort study which uses data from the country’s National Health Data System database. We included all women in France who gave birth at least twice between 2010–2018, and who had pre-eclampsia during their first pregnancy. Every dispensing of low-dose aspirin (75–300 mg) between the beginning of their second pregnancy and 36 weeks of gestation (WG) was identified. We used Poisson regression models to estimate the adjusted incidence rate ratios (aIRRs) of receiving aspirin at least once during their second pregnancy. In women who had early and/or severe pre-eclampsia during their first pregnancy, we estimated the IRRs of pre-eclampsia recurrence during their second pregnancy according to the aspirin therapy. Results: In 28,467 women who were included in the study, the aspirin initiation rate during the second pregnancy ranged from 27.8% for women in whose first pregnancy the pre-eclampsia was mild and late, to 79.9% for those women whose pre-eclampsia was severe and early. Just over half (54.3%) of those treated with aspirin-initiated treatment before 16 WG and adhered to treatment. Compared with women with mild and late pre-eclampsia, the aIRRs (95% CI) for receiving aspirin at least once during the second pregnancy were 1.94 (1.86–2.03) for women with severe and late pre-eclampsia, 2.34 (2.17–2.52) for those with early and mild pre-eclampsia, and 2.87 [2.74–3.01] for those with early and severe pre-eclampsia E. Social deprivation was associated with a lower initiation of aspirin (IRR = 0.74 [0.70–0.78]). Aspirin was not associated with a lower risk of mild and late pre-eclampsia, severe and late pre-eclampsia, or mild and early pre-eclampsia during the second pregnancy. The aIRRs for severe and early pre-eclampsia during the second pregnancy were 0.77 (0.62–0.95) for women who received prescribed aspirin at least once, 0.71 (0.5–0.89) for those who initiated aspirin therapy before 16 WG, and 0.60 (0.47–0.77) for those who adhered to aspirin treatment throughout their second pregnancy. The risk of severe and early pre-eclampsia was lower only when the prescribed mean daily dose was ≥ 100 mg/day. Conclusion: In women with a history of pre-eclampsia, aspirin initiation during a second pregnancy and adherence to the prescribed dosage were largely insufficient, especially for women experiencing social deprivation. Aspirin initiated before 16 WG at a dose ≥ 100 mg/day was associated with a lower risk of severe and early pre-eclampsia. © 2023, The Author(s).
The prospective association of hyperandrogenism, oligomenorrhea and polycystic ovary syndrome with incident gestational diabetes: The coronary artery risk development in young adults women's study; In this 28-year prospective study of 455 women (mean age: 26 years), polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) was associated with a 2.6-fold elevated risk of gestational diabetes (GDM). However, hyperandrogenism or oligomenorrhea in the absence of PCOS was not associated with GDM. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Intrauterine malnutrition and future risk of metabolic syndrome; Metabolic syndrome, a clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors, is reportedly the most common precursor of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Epidemiological and experimental evidence strongly suggest that unbalanced maternal nutrition causes permanent effects on physiological systems of the developing fetus (“programming”), predisposing them to increased risk of non-communicable disease. The Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) model combines post-natal environmental insults to fetal programming to describe lifetime trajectories of health and disease. Birth cohort studies in India have provided evidence that both maternal undernutrition and overnutrition increase the risk of metabolic syndrome risk in the offspring (“Dual-teratogenesis”). These studies show that maternal nutrient imbalance of vitamins (vit B12, vit D, and folate) and maternal diabetes influence offspring birth size and body composition and postnatal growth trajectory which in turn predict adiposity, insulin resistance, and metabolic syndrome. The characteristic Indian “thin-fat” phenotype is thought to be a consequence of fetal programming of body composition and may underlie the high disease susceptibility. Epigenetic basis of these findings is being evaluated. Pre-conceptional intervention studies have provided initial evidence for a causal association for nutritional programming in India. Future analyses of these studies will help elucidate mechanisms and could provide a key to successful interventions for primordial prevention of metabolic syndrome. © 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Case report: lipoprotein apheresis reduces the risk of cardiovascular events and prolongs pregnancy in a woman with severely elevated lipoprotein(a), cardiovascular disease, and a high risk of preeclampsia; Background: Preeclampsia is a common and serious pregnancy-induced disease, with potential severe maternal and fetal complications. Recently, an increased lipoprotein (a) (Lp[a]) concentration, an important factor in cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) pathogenesis, has been identified as a sensitive and specific marker of preeclampsia severity. Although lipoprotein apheresis (LA) is currently used in patients with hyperlipoproteinemia(a) and CVD, real-life data on its efficacy among pregnant women with an increased risk of preeclampsia are limited. Case presentation: We present the case of a pregnant woman with severely elevated Lp(a), two previous episodes of the acute coronary syndrome and multivessel coronary disease treated with long-term LA before pregnancy, and a high risk of preeclampsia (as assessed using combined test screening). An increased pulsatility index and early diastolic notch were observed on Doppler interrogation at 18 weeks’ gestation. Biweekly LA therapy was re-initiated at 21 weeks’ gestation. The LA safely removed 70% of the serum Lp(a) concentration and reduced low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) levels by 60%. We also observed an improvement in her urine protein/creatinine ratio, a reduction in the pulsatility index, and a notch on Doppler interrogation. The pregnancy lasted until week 36, when severe preeclampsia prompted an emergency cesarean delivery. Conclusion: Pregnancy in women with elevated Lp(a), CVD, and a high risk of preeclampsia can present challenges in clinical management. Our case report indicates the benefits of LA in preventing atherosclerotic CVD progression during pregnancy, its potential influence on uteroplacental circulation, and prolongation of pregnancy for the best possible intrauterine fetus development. LA may be considered as a treatment option during pregnancy in such conditions. In addition, in pregnant women with CVD, we suggest screening using a combined test and measurement of Lp(a) as a marker of preeclampsia severity. Copyright © 2023 Marlȩga-Linert, Wartecka-Zielińska, Wydra, Fijałkowski, Gruchała and Mickiewicz.
An overview of natural products that modulate the expression of non-coding RNAs involved in oxidative stress and inflammation-associated disorders; Oxidative stress is a state in which oxidants are produced in excess in the body’s tissues and cells, resulting in a biological imbalance amid the generation of reactive oxygen and nitrogen species (RONS) from redox reactions. In case of insufficient antioxidants to balance, the immune system triggers signaling cascades to mount inflammatory responses. Oxidative stress can have deleterious effects on major macromolecules such as lipids, proteins, and nucleic acids, hence, Oxidative stress and inflammation are among the multiple factors contributing to the etiology of several disorders such as diabetes, cancers, and cardiovascular diseases. Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) which were once referred to as dark matter have been found to function as key regulators of gene expression through different mechanisms. They have dynamic roles in the onset and development of inflammatory and oxidative stress-related diseases, therefore, are potential targets for the control of those diseases. One way of controlling those diseases is through the use of natural products, a rich source of antioxidants that have drawn attention with several studies showing their involvement in combating chronic diseases given their enormous gains, low side effects, and toxicity. In this review, we highlighted the natural products that have been reported to target ncRNAs as mediators of their biological effects on oxidative stress and several inflammation-associated disorders. Those natural products include Baicalein, Tanshinone IIA, Geniposide, Carvacrol/Thymol, Triptolide, Oleacein, Curcumin, Resveratrol, Solarmargine, Allicin, aqueous extract or pulp of Açai, Quercetin, and Genistein. We also draw attention to some other compounds including Zanthoxylum bungeanum, Canna genus rhizome, Fuzi-ganjiang herb pair, Aronia melanocarpa, Peppermint, and Gingerol that are effective against oxidative stress and inflammation-related disorders, however, have no known effect on ncRNAs. Lastly, we touched on the many ncRNAs that were found to play a role in oxidative stress and inflammation-related disorders but have not yet been investigated as targets of a natural product. Shedding more light into these two last points of shadow will be of great interest in the valorization of natural compounds in the control and therapy of oxidative stress- and inflammation-associated disorders. Copyright © 2023 Ngum, Tatang, Toumeni, Nguengo, Simo, Mezajou, Kameni, Ngongang, Tchinda, Dongho Dongmo, Akami, Ngane Ngono and Tamgue.
The role of microRNAs in pathophysiology and diagnostics of metabolic complications in obstructive sleep apnea patients; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is one of the most common sleep disorders, which is characterized by recurrent apneas and/or hypopneas occurring during sleep due to upper airway obstruction. Among a variety of health consequences, OSA patients are particularly susceptible to developing metabolic complications, such as metabolic syndrome and diabetes mellitus type 2. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) as epigenetic modulators are promising particles in both understanding the pathophysiology of OSA and the prediction of OSA complications. This review describes the role of miRNAs in the development of OSA-associated metabolic complications. Moreover, it summarizes the usefulness of miRNAs as biomarkers in predicting the aforementioned OSA complications. Copyright © 2023 Karuga, Jaromirska, Malicki, Sochal, Szmyd, Białasiewicz, Strzelecki and Gabryelska.
Cardiovascular Risk Assessment in Women after Pregnancy Complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Cross-Sectional, Single Center Study; Objective: The aim of this study was to assess cardiometabolic risk factors and cardiovascular (CV) risk in the early period after pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Materials and methods: Traditional (blood pressure, cholesterol and glucose levels, body mass index, smoking and other) and non-traditional [intima-media thickness (IMT), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), oxidized low-density lipoproteins (LDL) and homocysteine levels] cardiovascular risk factors were assessed in early (6-12 weeks) postpartum period in 48 women after pregnancy complicated with GDM and in 12 women after uncomplicated pregnancy. The clustering of CV risk factors was assessed, as well as relative cardiovascular risk (according to the guidelines of European Society of Cardiology). Results: There were no significant differences between both groups with regard to the examined risk factors, with the exception of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol level, which was within the norm range in all patients after uncomplicated pregnancy, but only in less than 60% patients after GDM. There were also no difference between the groups in mean number of cardiovascular risk factors or in proportion of patients having 1 or 2, or 3, or ≥ 4 risk factor. Similarly, there was no differences in proportion of patients with different relative cardiovascular risk score. Prevalence of IFG, IGT and DM in the post-GDM group was 13.3%. Conclusions: In women with GDM in the early postpartum period the prevalence of CV risk factors and CV risk itself is similar to women after non-complicated pregnancy (the only exception was the low HDL cholesterol level and more prevalent carbohydrate metabolism disturbances in the former group). © 2023 Via Medica. All rights reserved.
Neurological Phenotypes of IRF2BPL Gene Variants: A Report of Four Novel Variants; IRF2BPL gene variants have recently been associated to developmental disability and epilepsy in children and movement disorders in adults. So far, only few cases have been reported; here we present four novel cases identified by exome sequencing, while investigating developmental delay, adult-onset cerebellar ataxia or regression. © The Author(s) 2023.
Non-Invasive Myocardial Work Indices in Infants Born to Mothers With Diabetes in Pregnancy; Background: This study used echocardiography to investigate non-invasive myocardial work (MCW) indices in infants born to mothers with diabetes mellitus (DM) in pregnancy (gestational DM: GDM), including those diagnosed under novel classification criteria and those with pre-existing DM. Methods and Results: This single-centered, retrospective study included 25 infants born to mothers with GDM (termed “infant with GDM”), which was diagnosed by oral glucose tolerance test results during pregnancy or the presence of diabetes before the current pregnancy. We evaluated the relationship between the infant's MCW, such as global constructive work (GCW), global work index (GWI), global work efficiency (GWE), and global wasted work (GWW), and the mother's GDM maximal HbA1c during pregnancy. HbA1c level in GDM significantly negatively correlated with GWI* (r=−0.565) and GCW* (r=−0.641). In infants with GDM, GWI and GCW were significantly higher with <6.5% HbA1c than in those with >6.5% HbA1c GDM; however, the specific-layer global longitudinal strain analyses did not show any significant differences between the groups. The pressure-strain loop in infants with >6.5% HbA1c in GDM tended to be smaller than in those infants with <6.5% HbA1c GDM. Conclusions: The hyperglycemic environment of GDM leads to impaired MCW in the infants. MCW is useful for screening for cardiac illnesses among infants with GDM. Appropriate maternal blood glucose management while maintaining HbA1c <6.5% might be beneficial for the cardiac performance of infants with GDM. © 2023 Japanese Circulation Society. All rights reserved.
A Mobile Clinical Decision Support System for High-Risk Pregnant Women in Rural India (SMARThealth Pregnancy): Pilot Cluster Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women in India. Early identification is crucial to reducing deaths. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) carry independent risks for future CVD, and antenatal care is a window to screen and counsel high-risk women. In rural India, community health workers (CHWs) deliver antenatal and postnatal care. We developed a complex intervention (SMARThealth Pregnancy) involving mobile clinical decision support for CHWs and evaluated it in a pilot cluster randomized controlled trial (cRCT). Objective: The aim of the study is to co-design a theory-informed intervention for CHWs to screen, refer, and counsel pregnant women at high risk of future CVD in rural India and evaluate its feasibility and acceptability. Methods: In phase 1, we used qualitative methods to explore community priorities for high-risk pregnant women in rural areas of 2 diverse states in India. In phase 2, informed by behavior change theory and human-centered design, we used these qualitative data to develop the intervention components and implementation strategies for SMARThealth Pregnancy in an iterative process with end users. In phase 3, using mixed methods, we evaluated the intervention in a cRCT with an embedded qualitative substudy across 4 primary health centres: 2 in Jhajjar district, Haryana, and 2 in Guntur district, Andhra Pradesh. Results: SMARThealth Pregnancy embedded a total of 15 behavior change techniques and included (1) community awareness programs; (2) targeted training, including point-of-care blood pressure and hemoglobin measurement; and (3) mobile clinical decision support for CHWs to screen women in their homes. The intervention focused on 3 priority conditions: anemia, HDP, and GDM. The evaluation involved a total of 200 pregnant women, equally randomized to intervention or enhanced standard care (control). Recruitment was completed within 5 months, with minimal loss to follow-up (4/200, 2%) at 6 weeks postpartum. A total of 4 primary care doctors and 54 CHWs in the intervention clusters took part in the study. Fidelity to intervention practices was 100% prepandemic. Over half the study population was affected by moderate to severe anemia at baseline. The prevalence of HDP (2.5%) and GDM (2%) was low in our study population. Results suggest a possible improvement in mean hemoglobin (anemia) in the intervention group, although an adequately powered trial is needed. The model of home-based care was feasible and acceptable for pregnant or postpartum women and CHWs, who perceived improvements in quality of care, self-efficacy, and professional recognition. Conclusions: SMARThealth Pregnancy is an innovative model of home-based care for high-risk pregnant women during the transitions between antenatal and postnatal care and adult health services. The use of theory and co-design during intervention development facilitated acceptability of the intervention and implementation strategies. Our experience has informed the decision to initiate a larger-scale cRCT. © 2023 The Author(s). All rights reserved.
Diabetes Insipidus: Novel Diagnostic Approaches; Diabetes insipidus (DI) is a water balance disorder characterized by the excretion of a large amount of hypotonic urine associated with a compensatory polydipsia. The polyuria-polydipsia syndrome includes four major entities: central DI (CDI), gestational DI (GDI), nephrogenic DI (NDI), and primary polydipsia (PP). It is essential to differentiate accurately CDI from the other forms, because a wrong diagnosis can have fatal consequences. Clinical manifestations do not differ between DI and PP, even though the underlying mechanism is different. The diagnostic process is often challenging, especially in distinguishing partial CDI from PP. Hyponatremia orientates toward PP, whereas sodium levels at the upper end of the normal reference or hypernatremia are suggestive of DI. However, plasma sodium is normal in the majority of cases; therefore, the differential diagnosis of polyuria requires dynamic testing of the arginine-vasopressin (AVP)-renal axis. The classical water deprivation test (WDT) combined with a desmopressin (DDAVP) test has a poor diagnostic accuracy, is stressful, and requires adherence by patients, adequate supervision by clinicians, and hospitalization. Copeptin and AVP are secreted in equimolar amounts from the neurohypophysis, but the former is more stable and easier to measure. In recent years, the assessment of circulating copeptin levels, especially after stimulation, has replaced the classical test in clinical practice. Arginine-stimulated copeptin seems to be the most convenient, easy, and accurate tool to diagnose DI, even if a confirmation test using hypertonic saline infusion combined with DDAVP is recommended in doubtful cases. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2023.
Doppler Sonography in Pregnancies Complicated by Pre-gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Diabetes mellitus is one of the most common complications of pregnancy, with the global number of cases increasing each year. This has resulted in a higher prevalence of this condition in women of childbearing age. Although antenatal surveillance is warranted in these mothers given the well-known risk of complications that they may present, and Doppler studies provide a reliable assessment of the fetal and uterine hemodynamics, solid evidence regarding the utility of Doppler interrogation in the prediction of complications in pre-gestational diabetic pregnancies is still limited. The detrimental effects of maternal hyperglycemia and/or hypoglycemia in the maternal, fetal, and placental vasculatures have been well-studied in animals models and humans. Through different mechanisms described in this chapter, maternal hyperglycemia causes fetal oxidative stress, fetal hypoxia, acidemia, redistribution of the perfusion to fetal organs, and, ultimately, cardiac dysfunction and vascular injury. All these hemodynamic changes can be detected by the use of novel Doppler techniques. In this chapter, we present some of the most relevant studies analyzing the relationship between umbilical artery Doppler studies and adverse perinatal outcomes as well as the association of the former with the level of maternal glycemia. Furthermore, we present the work of several authors who investigated the utility of the Doppler interrogation of other systems such as the middle cerebral artery, fetal venous system, fetal heart, uterine artery, and placenta in cases complicated by pre-gestational diabetes. Studies show that the applicability of these and other Doppler studies, although not yet supported by strong evidence, appears to yield promising results. Further studies to elucidate the real potential of the contribution of Doppler studies to pre-gestational diabetic mothers are warranted. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2023.
Dumping syndrome after bariatric surgery in a pregnant woman: A case report; Dumping syndrome after bariatric surgery is common. However, it is rarely seen during pregnancy because patients are usually advised to avoid pregnancy immediately after surgery. This case highlights the importance of avoidance of pregnancy after bariatric surgery. We report a case of unplanned pregnancy in a 35-year-old woman with a history of subfertility for 8 years who conceived spontaneously 3 months after gastric bypass surgery. This occurred because there was no contraception offered to her after the procedure. The pregnancy was complicated with recurrent episodes of hypoglycaemia secondary to dumping syndrome. Primary care providers need to be vigilant and have a high index of suspicion for dumping syndrome in pregnant obese women who have undergone bariatric surgery. © 2023, Academy of Family Physicians of Malaysia. All rights reserved.
Predicting adverse perinatal outcomes with fetal modified myocardial performance index and epicardial fat tissue thickness in diabetes-complicated pregnancies; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate fetal modified myocardial performance index (mod-MPI) and fetal epicardial fat tissue (EFT) thickness and its association with adverse perinatal outcomes in diabetic pregnant women. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This was a prospective case-control study including 90 gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 45 pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and 90 healthy pregnant women (control group). Two-dimensional gray-scale and Doppler fetal echocardiography were used to calculate the mod-MPI. EFT thickness was measured in the hypoechogenic area between the myocardium and the visceral pericardium on the right ventricle by distinguishing it from the pericardial fluid by Doppler ultrasound. RESULTS: Both mod-MPI values and EFT thickness were significantly higher in diabetic pregnant women (p<0.001; for both). No significant differences were observed in mod-MPI values and EFT thickness between pregnant women with GDM and PGDM. In addition, there was no significant difference in fetal mod-MPI values and EFT thicknesses among diabetic pregnant women based on their treatment requirements. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve revealed that mod-MPI value (cut-off 0.54, 95% CI: 0.629-0.837, p<0.001, sensitivity 64.6%, specificity 61.7%) and EFT thickness (cut-off 1.85 mm, 95% CI: 0.524-0.750, p=0.014, sensitivity 65.8%, specificity 63.9%) could predict adverse neonatal outcomes in diabetic pregnant women. Multivariate regression analysis revealed that both mod-MPI (p=0.003) and EFT thickness (p=0.008) were independently associated with adverse outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal mod-MPI values and EFT thickness increase in pregnancies complicated by diabetes, and these measurements may serve as valuable predictors of adverse perinatal outcomes. © 2023 Verduci Editore s.r.l. All rights reserved.
Cesarean Section Rate and Associated Risk Factors in Group 1 Robson Classification; Objectives: To evaluate cesarean section (CS) rate among women in group 1 Robson classification, pregnancy outcomes and associated factors. Materials and Methods: A total of 800 women classified in group 1 Robson classification were included. Data were extracted from medical records including maternal demographic data, obstetric characteristics, labor characteristics and management (cervical dilatation on admission, types of membranes rupture, cervical dilatation at artificial membranes rupture, labor augmentation, and use of analgesia), route of delivery, indications for CS, and pregnancy outcomes. Results: Overall CS rate was 24.7%. Majority had cervical dilation at admission of < 5 cm (86%). Amniotomy was performed in 66.4% and, of which, 36.3% were performed when cervical dilatation of < 5 cm. Cephalopelvic disproportion (CPD) was the most common indication (74.7 %) followed by and non-reassuring fetal heart rate status (21.2%). Univariate analysis showed that maternal overweight and obesity, cervical dilatation of < 5 cm at admission, spontaneous rupture of the membranes, amniotomy at cervical dilatation of < 5 cm, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preeclampsia were significantly associated with CS. Logistic regression analysis revealed that significant independent factors for CS included overweight or obesity (adjusted odds ratio (OR) 1.58, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.04-2.10, p = 0.033), amniotomy at cervical dilatation of < 5 cm and spontaneous rupture of membranes (adjusted OR 2.62, 95%CI 1.65-4.17, p < 0.001 and adjusted OR 2.87, 95%CI 1.82-4.53, p < 0.001 respectively). Conclusion: CS rate among women in group 1 Robson classification was 24.7%. Maternal overweight and obesity, spontaneous rupture of membranes, amniotomy at cervical dilatation of < 5 cm, and preeclampsia were independent associated factors for CS. © 2023 The Author(s).
Evaluation of Deep Learning Techniques in the Diagnosis of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome is an endocrine disorder that causes infertility. In addition, polycystic ovary syndrome increases the risk of type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, venous thromboembolism, cerebrovascular and cardiovascular disease, and endometrial cancer. The high prevalence of this disease and it's associated with other health complications place an excessive burden on the health system. In this study, deep learning approaches for detecting polycystic ovary syndrome from ultrasound images were investigated to shorten the diagnosis time and reduce the workload of doctors. Xception, ResNet-152 and DenseNet-201 models were trained and tested without data augmentation, with data augmentation and transfer learning. According to the results, DenseNet-201 model gave the highest accuracy value with 99.48% when data augmentation was made. When the transfer learning technique was applied, it was observed that the Xception model reached 98.44 %, showing an increase in accuracy of 7.79% compared to training and testing the Xception model with raw data. Although the ResNet-152 model showed low performance compared to other models, it was observed that the accuracy of 75.58% without data augmentation increased to 83.12% when data augmentation was applied. Based on these results, it has been revealed that data augmentation and transfer learning techniques will increase the diagnostic performance of polycystic ovarian syndrome.  © 2023 IEEE.
Pre-pregnancy body mass index combined with peripheral blood PLGF, DCN, LDH, and UA in a risk prediction model for pre-eclampsia; Objective: This study analyzes the levels of peripheral blood placental growth factor (PLGF), body mass index (BMI), decorin (DCN), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), uric acid (UA), and clinical indicators of patients with preeclampsia (PE), and establishes a predictive risk model of PE, which can provide a reference for early and effective prediction of PE. Methods: 81 cases of pregnant women with PE who had regular prenatal checkups and delivered in Jinshan Branch of Shanghai Sixth People’s Hospital from June 2020 to December 2022 were analyzed, and 92 pregnant women with normal pregnancies who had their antenatal checkups and delivered at the hospital during the same period were selected as the control group. Clinical data and peripheral blood levels of PLGF, DCN, LDH, and UA were recorded, and the two groups were subjected to univariate screening and multifactorial logistic regression analysis. Based on the screening results, the diagnostic efficacy of PE was evaluated using the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. Risk prediction nomogram model was constructed using R language. The Bootstrap method (self-sampling method) was used to validate and produce calibration plots; the decision curve analysis (DCA) was used to assess the clinical benefit rate of the model. Results: There were statistically significant differences in age, pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational weight gain, history of PE or family history, family history of hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, and history of renal disease between the two groups (P < 0.05). The results of multifactorial binary logistic stepwise regression revealed that peripheral blood levels of PLGF, DCN, LDH, UA, and pre-pregnancy BMI were independent influences on the occurrence of PE (P < 0.05). The area under the curve of PLGF, DCN, LDH, UA levels and pre-pregnancy BMI in the detection of PE was 0.952, with a sensitivity of 0.901 and a specificity of 0.913, which is better than a single clinical diagnostic indicator. The results of multifactor analysis were constructed as a nomogram model, and the mean absolute error of the calibration curve of the modeling set was 0.023, suggesting that the predictive probability of the model was generally compatible with the actual value. DCA showed the predictive model had a high net benefit in the range of 5% to 85%, suggesting that the model has clinical utility value. Conclusion: The occurrence of PE is related to the peripheral blood levels of PLGF, DCN, LDH, UA and pre-pregnancy BMI, and the combination of these indexes has a better clinical diagnostic value than a single index. The nomogram model constructed by using the above indicators can be used for the prediction of PE and has high predictive efficacy. Copyright © 2024 Zhou, Xiao and Yang.
Incidence of Fetal Myocardial Hypertrophy in Mother with Diabetes Mellitus by Using Cardio-Spatiotemporal Image Correlation (STIC) M-Mode; Objective: The aim was to demonstrate the prevalence of fetal myocardial hypertrophy (FMH) in diabetes mellitus (DM) pregnant women using spatio-temporal image correlation (STIC) M-mode. Material and Methods: This prospective descriptive study was conducted at Bhumibol Adulyadej Hospital (BAH) Royal Thai Air Force between April and December 2022. Participants were singleton DM pregnant women with gestational age (GA) between 18 and 40 weeks who had antenatal care and delivery at BAH. DM screening was randomized blood sugar obtained from all participants. All participants underwent fetal heart exams by four-dimension ultrasound with STIC M-mode. Results: One hundred and forty-five participants were recruited and classified as pregestational (PDM) and gestational DM (GDM) at 31 and 114 cases, respectively. The mean age of participants was 31.7 years old. Fasting blood sugar (FBS) of PDM was significantly higher than GDM (105.1 vs 87.0 mg%). GDMA2 had more elevated FBS than GDMA1 (p < 0.001). PDM had significantly greater FBS and two-hour postprandial blood sugar (2hr-PP) than GDM (105.1/87.0 and 151.5/117.9 mg%, respectively). FBS and 2hr-PP of GDMA2 were more than GDMA1 with statistical significance. Good glycemic control of GDM was significantly better than PDM. GDMA1 had better glycemic control than GDMA2 with statistical significance. Four-fifth (115/145) of participants had FMH. FMH and estimated fetal weight among PDM and GDM were comparable. Both good and poor glycemic control had similar FMH. Neonatal outcomes of FMH or non-FMH infants were similar. Conclusion: The prevalence of FMH in diabetic pregnant women was 79.3%. Glycemic control had no correlation to FMH. © 2023.
Novel linkage and association of TCF7L2 variants with PCOS in Italian families; OBJECTIVE: Transcription factor 7-like 2 (TCF7L2) gene variants confer risk for type 2 diabetes and metabolic traits. We investigated the role of TCF7L2-variants in polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), which is a common endocrine metabolic disorder affecting women of reproductive age. We tested whether TCF7L2 variants are in linkage to and/or in linkage disequilibrium [(LD), namely linkage and association)] with PCOS. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Within 212 families from the Italian peninsular population, we analyzed 78 variants using Pseudomarker software for linkage to and LD with PCOS under the dominant model with complete penetrance (D1). In a secondary analysis, we tested the variants under the recessive models with complete penetrance (R1), dominant with incomplete penetrance (D2), and recessive with incomplete penetrance (R2). We tested through in silico analysis the risk variants to detect any potential functional effects. RESULTS: We identified a total of 14 variants in the TCF7L2 gene significantly linked to and/or in LD with the risk of PCOS (p < 0.05) across different models. CONCLUSIONS: This study is the first to report TCF7L2 linkage and linkage disequilibrium in Italian families with PCOS. © 2023 Verduci Editore s.r.l. All rights reserved.
Cost Analysis of Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose in Nonintensively Managed Type 2 Diabetes; OBJECTIVES: To compare health care resource utilization (HCRU) and costs between self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) and continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) users in adults with nonintensively managed type 2 diabetes (T2D). STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective analysis of the MarketScan Databases. METHODS: Adults with T2D using SMBG or initiating CGM between January 2018 and March 2019 were eligible for inclusion. Inclusion criteria were (1) 2 consecutive claims for T2D or 1 claim for T2D and a claim for glucose-lowering therapy, (2) at least 1 pharmacy claim for SMBG strips or CGM sensors, and (3) continuous enrollment for 1 year before and after the index date. Individuals with evidence of CGM in the preindex period, pregnancy, use of rapid-acting insulin or glucagon, type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes, or secondary diabetes at any time during the study period were excluded. SMBG and CGM patients were matched using propensity score, and all-cause HCRU and costs during a 1-year period were compared. RESULTS: A total of 3498 patients were included in each matched cohort. The per-patient per-year (PPPY) all-cause cost was $20,542 in CGM users vs $19,349 in SMBG users (P<.001). The PPPY cost of glucose-lowering medication was $6312 in CGM users vs $5606 in SMBG users (P<.001). No significant differences in the number of emergency department visits or hospitalizations were observed, but CGM users had more all-cause outpatient visits and office visits with an endocrinologist. CONCLUSIONS: In adults with nonintensively managed T2D, SMBG appears to be less costly than CGM and is associated with lower pharmacy costs. © 2023 Ascend Media. All rights reserved.
FETAL AND NEONATAL STATUS IN WOMEN WITH CEREBRO-VASCULAR DISORDERS AND RISK FACTORS FOR THEIR DEVELOPMENT; Introduction. Cerebrovascular diseases in pregnant women are one of the most important problems of modern obstetrics and perinatology due to the steady increase in maternal and neonatal morbidity. Diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders are two of the most common complications of pregnancy, which negatively affect both short-term and long-term outcomes for the mother, fetus and newborn. The aim of the study was to determine the state of the fetus and the newborn in pregnant women with cerebral disorders, taking into account risk factors (hypertension, diabetes mellitus). Material and methods. 92 pregnant women were examined, of which the main group (77 pregnant women) consisted of women with extragenital pathology, in particular, cerebrovascular disease - 20 (21.7%), hypertension - 23 (29.8%), diabetes mellitus - 34 (44.1%), the control group consisted of 15 pregnant women (16.3%) with physiological pregnancy and their newborns. Scientific research passed the bioethics commission, no violations were found (Protocol No. 7 of 05.04.2023). Statistical processing of the data obtained during the study was carried out using Microsoft Office Excel 2016 (Microsoft, USA) and Statistica 10.0 (StatSoft, USA). The significance of differences in the characteristics of dependent groups with signs of normal distribution was assessed by the paired Student's t-test (t-test of dependent samples). This work is a fragment of the complex research work of the Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology №2 of Kharkiv National Medical University "Optimisation of diagnostics, treatment of diseases of the reproductive system and pregnancy complications in women with extragenital pathology", state registration number 0121U11923). Results. Cerebrovascular disease was represented by the consequences of traumatic brain injury in 8 (40%) cases, acute cerebrovascular accident (ischaemic, haemorrhagic) - in 5 (25%), epilepsy - in 5 (25%), encephalopathy in cerebral palsy - in 3 (15%), arteriovenous transformation, angiomatous cavity - in 2 (10%) cases. Among women of the hypertension group, preeclampsia was found in 11 (47.8%), gestational hypertension - in 8 (34.7%), and chronic hypertension - in 4 (17.4%) cases. Pregestational diabetes was detected in 8 (23.5%) pregnant women in the diabetic group, and gestational diabetes in 26 (76.5%). Doppler flowmetry examination of blood flow in the middle cerebral artery (MCA) revealed a significant decrease (p<0.05) in the pulsatile index in pregnant patients of the main group (1.24±0.09) compared with women with a physiological course of the gestational process (1.82±0.11). There was a difference in the systolic-diastolic ratio in the SMA between women of the main and control groups (2.4±0.2 and 3.5±0.3, respectively) (p<0.05). When analysing the acid-base status of newborns, it was noted that the pH values in the groups with extragenital pathology had a shift to the acidic side. These shifts were most pronounced in the group with placental dysfunction due to diabetes mellitus, where the pH averaged 7.18±0.05, against the background of increased PCO2 to 56.3±3.4 mm Hg (p<0.05), indicating the presence of respiratory acidosis in fetuses. A decrease in the deficit of alkaline bases in the fruits of this group to an average of -7.1±0.69 mmol/l (p<0.05) indicated the occurrence of manifestations of metabolic acidosis in them. Conclusions. Cerebrovascular disease was more common in pregnant women over 30 years of age, mostly residents of the region (80%), which may be due to high trauma, insufficient examination and treatment, housewives, due to the underlying disease, as well as with Rh-negative blood type (35%), hypertensive disorders, diabetes mellitus, placental dysfunction, and early delivery, which increases the risk of neonatal complications and perinatal morbidity. Hypertensive disorders and diabetes mellitus can be considered risk factors for the development of cerebrovascular disorders in pregnant women and perinatal complications. © 2023 Neonatology, Surgery and Perinatal Medicine. All rights reserved.
Prediction and prevention of preeclampsia in women with preexisting diabetes: the role of home blood pressure, physical activity, and aspirin; Women with type 1 or type 2 (preexisting) diabetes are four times more likely to develop preeclampsia compared with women without diabetes. Preeclampsia affects 9%–20% of pregnant women with type 1 diabetes and 7%–14% of pregnant women with type 2 diabetes. The aim of this narrative review is to investigate the role of blood pressure (BP) monitoring, physical activity, and prophylactic aspirin to reduce the prevalence of preeclampsia and to improve pregnancy outcome in women with preexisting diabetes. Home BP and office BP in early pregnancy are positively associated with development of preeclampsia, and home BP and office BP are comparable for the prediction of preeclampsia in women with preexisting diabetes. However, home BP is lower than office BP, and the difference is greater with increasing office BP. Daily physical activity is recommended during pregnancy, and limiting sedentary behavior may be beneficial to prevent preeclampsia. White coat hypertension in early pregnancy is not a clinically benign condition but is associated with an elevated risk of developing preeclampsia. This renders the current strategy of leaving white coat hypertension untreated debatable. A beneficial preventive effect of initiating low-dose aspirin (150 mg/day) for all in early pregnancy has not been demonstrated in women with preexisting diabetes. Copyright © 2023 Do, Vestgaard, Nørgaard, Damm, Mathiesen and Ringholm.
Perinatal and neonatal characteristics of Prader–Willi syndrome in Japan; Background: Prader–Willi syndrome (PWS) is suspected at birth if extreme hypotonia, difficulty in feeding, hypogonadism, and failure to thrive are present. Genetic diagnosis of PWS can generally be made within the first few months of life; however, a delayed diagnosis of PWS is frequently reported. Although the clinical characteristics of perinatal and neonatal patients with PWS have been reported, there are no such reports on the clinical characteristics of these patients in Japan. Methods: This retrospective, single-center study involved 177 Japanese patients with PWS and their medical data regarding the perinatal and neonatal periods were evaluated. Results: The median maternal age at birth was 34 years; 12.7% of the mothers had a history of assisted reproductive technology (ART). Of the mothers, 13.5% reported polyhydramnios and 4.3% had oligohydramnios. Decreased fetal movement during pregnancy was reported by 76% of the mothers. A total of 60.5% of patients were born by cesarean section. Genetic subtypes included deletions (66.1%), uniparental disomy (31.0%), imprinting defects (0.6%), and other or unknown subtypes (2.3%). The median birth length was 47.5 cm and the median birthweight was 2476 g. Of the 160 patients, 14 (8.8%) were classified as small for gestational age. Most patients had hypotonia (98.8%), and 89.3% required gavage feeding at birth. Breathing problems, congenital heart disease, and undescended testis were noted in 33.1%, 7.0%, and 93.5% of patients, respectively. Conclusion: In our study, higher rates of ART, polyhydramnios, decreased fetal movements, cesarean section, hypotonia, feeding difficulties, and undescended testis were observed in PWS. © 2023 Japan Pediatric Society.
Serum amyloid A and metabolic disease: evidence for a critical role in chronic inflammatory conditions; Serum amyloid A (SAA) subtypes 1–3 are well-described acute phase reactants that are elevated in acute inflammatory conditions such as infection, tissue injury, and trauma, while SAA4 is constitutively expressed. SAA subtypes also have been implicated as playing roles in chronic metabolic diseases including obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease, and possibly in autoimmune diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosis, rheumatoid arthritis, and inflammatory bowel disease. Distinctions between the expression kinetics of SAA in acute inflammatory responses and chronic disease states suggest the potential for differentiating SAA functions. Although circulating SAA levels can rise up to 1,000-fold during an acute inflammatory event, elevations are more modest (∼5-fold) in chronic metabolic conditions. The majority of acute-phase SAA derives from the liver, while in chronic inflammatory conditions SAA also derives from adipose tissue, the intestine, and elsewhere. In this review, roles for SAA subtypes in chronic metabolic disease states are contrasted to current knowledge about acute phase SAA. Investigations show distinct differences between SAA expression and function in human and animal models of metabolic disease, as well as sexual dimorphism of SAA subtype responses. 2023 den Hartigh, May, Zhang, Chait and Blaser.
Machine learning and disease prediction in obstetrics; Machine learning technologies and translation of artificial intelligence tools to enhance the patient experience are changing obstetric and maternity care. An increasing number of predictive tools have been developed with data sourced from electronic health records, diagnostic imaging and digital devices. In this review, we explore the latest tools of machine learning, the algorithms to establish prediction models and the challenges to assess fetal well-being, predict and diagnose obstetric diseases such as gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, preterm birth and fetal growth restriction. We discuss the rapid growth of machine learning approaches and intelligent tools for automated diagnostic imaging of fetal anomalies and to asses fetoplacental and cervix function using ultrasound and magnetic resonance imaging. In prenatal diagnosis, we discuss intelligent tools for magnetic resonance imaging sequencing of the fetus, placenta and cervix to reduce the risk of preterm birth. Finally, the use of machine learning to improve safety standards in intrapartum care and early detection of complications will be discussed. The demand for technologies to enhance diagnosis and treatment in obstetrics and maternity should improve frameworks for patient safety and enhance clinical practice. © 2023 The Author(s)
Woman’s microbiome and obstetrical and perinatal risks: what do they have in common?; The article is devoted to the review of modern scientific publications about the microbiome of a woman and its importance in obstetric and perinatal practice. The composition of the microbiome is changed both in the process of human evolution and person-ally and in different periods of a person’s life. However, on the other hand, the microbiome is influenced by the specific environment in which a person lives. It consists of a certain collection of genomes of all microorganisms. Complications during pregnancy occur frequently, according to statistics – in every sixth pregnant woman, and pose a danger to the health of the mother and child. During pregnancy, the richness and diversity of the vaginal microbiome decreases, and different species of Lactobacillus play a dominant role. The microbiome stability is hypothesized to be associated with higher levels of estrogen concentration, absence of menstruation, and modification of cervical and vaginal fluids. During an uncomplicated pregnancy, the taxonomic composition of the vaginal microbiota remains stable with the exception of the period before labor, when there is an increase in microbial diversity. This makes the vaginal microbiome similar to that of a non-pregnant woman and is believed to be a trigger for the labor process to begin. The recent studies have determined a relationship between changes in the microbiome during pregnancy and the occurrence of complications in these women. Any change or disturbance in the microbiome balance can be involved in inflammatory processes, which can potentially have adverse effects on the course of pregnancy. A major interaction between the oral micro-biome and preeclampsia involves the production of nitrogen derivatives, especially nitric oxide (NO). NO is produced from L-arginine via NO synthases (NOS), and is involved in vascular processes, especially vasodilation and tissue protection. Also, NO is indirectly involved in the processes that occur in the presence of chronic cardiovascular diseases, including hypertension and preeclampsia. In recent years, scientists have begun actively to study a correlation between changes in the gut microbiome and various nosol-ogies regarding gestational diabetes. There is not much of this data at the moment. The gut microbiome is known to modulate insulin resistance and the inflammatory response, and changes in the microbiome may be associated with metabolic diseases. It is hypothesized that changes in the gut microbiome may lead to metabolic diseases through several mechanisms: abnormal intestinal permeability, increased absorption of lipopolysaccharide, abnormal production of short-chain fatty acids, altered conversion of primary bile acids, and enhanced production of bacterial toxins (e.g., trimethylamine-N-oxide). During full-term pregnancy, the “dynamic stability” of the vaginal microbiome is described as a higher concentration of Lac-tobacillus species starting at 20 weeks of gestation due to increased glycogen availability and a less complex and diverse micro-flora. This condition may be due to the lack of cyclical hormonal changes during pregnancy. Lactobacillus and small bacterial diversity are thought to be critical factors for the initiation of labor at the end of the pregnancy. Future therapeutic strategies are likely to be applied to modulate the composition of the microbiome, including the use of pro-and prebiotics and dietary modification. However, further research is needed to identify specific tools that can be used to develop personalized therapeutic approaches for individualized prevention and treatment. © The Author(s) 2023.
Association of polycystic ovary syndrome with multiple health factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), an endocrine and metabolic disorder in women of reproductive age, is characterized by high androgen levels, irregular periods, and small cysts in the ovaries. PCOS affects approximately 10 % of reproductive age women of all races and ethnicities. PCOS has been recognized to affect women of reproductive age since antiquity and in the 21st century, it emerges as the most widespread and serious reproductive metabolic disorder in the world. PCOS is a multifactorial disorder that affects both the reproductive and metabolic health of women. In addition, PCOS is a leading symptom of infertility in women. Nevertheless, women with PCOS who become pregnant unfortunately have an increased risk of complications, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth. Many people believe GDM disappears after childbirth, despite the fact that GDM is a warning symptom of type 2 diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. According to growing evidence, GDM complicates 40 % of PCOS pregnancies, suggesting that PCOS is a risk factor for GDM. Hence, PCOS is a lifelong disorder that can eventually lead to various long-term health complications, including chronic menstrual irregularity, infertility, endometrial hyperplasia, and endometrial cancer. Thus, it’s a scientific fact that both PCOS and GDM are significantly associated with each other. However, most studies on the risk of GDM in PCOS patients are retrospective. Therefore, there is no strong evidence whether PCOS is a risk factor for GDM or any other related factor. PCOS, a polygenic endocrinopathy, is in a true sense a set of diseases that worsen the state of the body. Reproductive and metabolic disorders associated with PCOS cause several clinical symptoms, such as irregular and painful periods, hirsutism, acanthosis nigricans, acne, psoriasis, anxiety, mood swings, patterned baldness, cardiovascular problems, type 2 diabetes, infertility, pelvic pain, low libido, low self-esteem, etc. Further studies are needed to understand the genetic and epigenetic contributions of PCOS, PCOS-related comorbidities, the role of placenta in nutrient availability, and influence of medications that may affect the long-term offspring health. © 2023. The Authors.
Recent progress in metabolic reprogramming in gestational diabetes mellitus: a review; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a prevalent metabolic disease that can impact the normal course of pregnancy and delivery, leading to adverse outcomes for both mother and child. Its pathogenesis is complex and involves various factors, such as insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction. Metabolic reprogramming, which involves mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation and glycolysis, is crucial for maintaining human metabolic balance and is involved in the pathogenesis and progression of gestational diabetes mellitus. However, research on the link and metabolic pathways between metabolic reprogramming and gestational diabetes mellitus is limited. Therefore, we reviewed the relationship between metabolic reprogramming and gestational diabetes mellitus to provide new therapeutic strategies for maternal health during pregnancy and reduce the risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus. Copyright © 2024 Xie, Lin, Xie and Zhao.
Implication of DNA methylation during lifestyle mediated weight loss; Over the past 50 years, the number of overweight/obese people increased significantly, making obesity a global public health challenge. Apart from rare monogenic forms, obesity is a multifactorial disease, most likely resulting from a concerted interaction of genetic, epigenetic and environmental factors. Although recent studies opened new avenues in elucidating the complex genetics behind obesity, the biological mechanisms contributing to individual’s risk to become obese are not yet fully understood. Non-genetic factors such as eating behaviour or physical activity are strong contributing factors for the onset of obesity. These factors may interact with genetic predispositions most likely via epigenetic mechanisms. Epigenome-wide association studies or methylome-wide association studies are measuring DNA methylation at single CpGs across thousands of genes and capture associations to obesity phenotypes such as BMI. However, they only represent a snapshot in the complex biological network and cannot distinguish between causes and consequences. Intervention studies are therefore a suitable method to control for confounding factors and to avoid possible sources of bias. In particular, intervention studies documenting changes in obesity-associated epigenetic markers during lifestyle driven weight loss, make an important contribution to a better understanding of epigenetic reprogramming in obesity. To investigate the impact of lifestyle in obesity state specific DNA methylation, especially concerning the development of new strategies for prevention and individual therapy, we reviewed 19 most recent human intervention studies. In summary, this review highlights the huge potential of targeted interventions to alter disease-associated epigenetic patterns. However, there is an urgent need for further robust and larger studies to identify the specific DNA methylation biomarkers which influence obesity. Copyright © 2023 Aurich, Müller, Kovacs and Keller.
The roles of sirtuins in ferroptosis; Ferroptosis represents a novel non-apoptotic form of regulated cell death that is driven by iron-dependent lipid peroxidation and plays vital roles in various diseases including cardiovascular diseases, neurodegenerative disorders and cancers. Plenty of iron metabolism-related proteins, regulators of lipid peroxidation, and oxidative stress-related molecules are engaged in ferroptosis and can regulate this complex biological process. Sirtuins have broad functional significance and are targets of many drugs in the clinic. Recently, a growing number of studies have revealed that sirtuins can participate in the occurrence of ferroptosis by affecting many aspects such as redox balance, iron metabolism, and lipid metabolism. This article reviewed the studies on the roles of sirtuins in ferroptosis and the related molecular mechanisms, highlighting valuable targets for the prevention and treatment of ferroptosis-associated diseases. Copyright © 2023 Zeng, Guo, Huang, Cheng, Luo, Xu, Chen, Ma and Wang.
A neonatal case of vascular ring with Alagille syndrome; A female infant, born at 37 week 5 days to a mother via induced vaginal delivery for preeclampsia, was prenatally diagnosed with a right aortic arch with vascular ring. On the third day of life, the infant exhibited a bronze-gray coloration, and a direct bilirubin of 1.7 mg/dL was detected. The abdominal ultrasound did not visualize the gallbladder. Clinically, the infant displayed features consistent with Alagille syndrome, including unusual facial appearance, butterfly vertebrae, cardiovascular defects, and cholestasis. The geneticist noted that the mother of the patient also exhibited similar features. Both the infant and the mother were diagnosed with Alagille syndrome, both having the same heterozygous JAG1 gene (NM_000214.2) variant (c.1890_1893del, p.Ile630Metfs*112). We believe that the vascular ring observed in our patient is the first reported instance of a vascular ring associated with Alagille syndrome. © The Author(s) 2023.
Consideration of the Pathophysiology and Treatment of Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Other Diabetes Mellitus Subtypes; Diabetes mellitus is a complex disease process affecting a large portion of the United States adult population. In 2022, 11.3% of people aged 18 years or older in the United States had diabetes mellitus, while 38% met the criteria for pre-diabetes. These criteria include either two abnormal blood glucose tests in the asymptomatic individual (glucose >100 mg/dL) or one abnormal blood glucose test in the symptomatic individual (>100 mg/dL). These tests are typically performed on the fasting patient who has not consumed any food products in 8 hours or more. These criteria elucidate the pathophysiology of the disease itself. An individual with diabetes mellitus, either type 1 or type 2, has a relative insulin deficiency and therefore cannot regulate glucose concentrations in the bloodstream. This is reflected in the clinical manifestations of elevated blood glucose levels, increased appetite, weight loss, and increased urination. The diagnosis of diabetes mellitus significantly increases the risk of developing other health conditions, including cardiovascular disease, which can lead to myocardial infarction, peripheral arterial disease, heart failure, and damage to other organs. The need for tight regulation of blood glucose concentrations is imperative but often difficult due to the cost, storage, side effects, and administration of the necessary medications. Although diabetes mellitus type 1 and type 2 are the most well-known subtypes of the overarching term “diabetes”, there are many variations of diabetes that fall under this umbrella that are equally as complex and important. These include mature-onset diabetes of the young (MODY), gestational diabetes, and diabetes insipidus, which in fact has no effect on blood glucose. The scientific community is learning more and more about the genetic as well as environmental components of these disease processes and improving diagnostic tools yearly. Through continued research, the hope is to create more individualized treatment plans for optimal regulation and, eventually, prevention of these diseases altogether. © 2024 selection and editorial matter, Seth K. Amponsah, Emmanuel K. Ofori, Yashwant V. Pathak; individual chapters, the contributors.
Association of lupus anticoagulants with risk factors for obstetric complications and adverse gestational outcome; BACKGROUND: Lupus anticoagulant (LA) may be a cause of poor obstetric outcome. OBJECTIVE: To search the association of LA with risk factors for obstetric complications and adverse gestational outcome. METHODS: This retrospective cohort was consisted of 2 groups of pregnancies with poor obstetric history; 1) LA (+) gestations (Study Group, n= 20) and 2) LA (-) gestations (Control Group, 78). All patients were admitted to a special antenatal care program and were examined in terms of risk factors for thrombotic events, placenta-related obstetric complications, and poor gestational outcomes. Patients were administered low-dose low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH), low-dose salicylic acid and low-dose corticosteroid (if necessary) within the framework of a prophylaxis protocol in addition to their already existing medications. RESULTS: We have shown that adverse gestational outcome was 1.7-fold more frequent in LA (+) pregnancies with poor obstetric history (p= 0.039, 70% vs. 41%). Higher rates of autoimmune diseases and hereditary thrombophilia were observed among LA (+) patients compared to LA (-) gestations (35% vs. 10.3%, p< 0.012 and 55% vs. 19.2%, p< 0.003, respectively). To identify the effectiveness of low-dose LMWH prophylaxis protocol, we compared gestational outcomes and demonstrated that the miscarriage rate was significantly decreased to half in current pregnancies compared to the previous gestations (73.6% vs. 35%, p= 0.003). CONCLUSIONS: Autoimmune diseases and hereditary thrombophilia are more frequent in LA (+) pregnancies, and these women are prone to obstetric problems. Low-dose LMWH and salicylic acid prophylaxis are critical in the management of LA (+) pregnant women.  © 2023 - IOS Press. All rights reserved.
Low-dose esketamine with sufentanil for postcesarean analgesia in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective, randomized, double-blind study; Background: Pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) require more analgesics after cesarean delivery than those who do not have GDM. Uncontrolled pain following cesarean delivery is a major problem in women with GDM. We investigate the efficacy of low-dose esketamine combined with sufentanil intravenous patient-controlled analgesia (PCA)for postcesarean analgesia in women with GDM. Methods: One hundred forty pregnant women with GDM were enrolled participate in this randomized controlled trial and were randomized into two groups (70 in each group). The esketamine (S) group was given esketamine +sufentanil + ondansetron, and the control (C) group was given sufentanil +ondansetron. The primary outcome is sufentanil consumption at 24 hours postoperatively, the secondary outcomes are sufentanil consumption at 6 hours postoperatively, pain scores at 6, 24 and 48 hours postoperatively. Results: Compared with group C, group S had significantly lower sufentanil consumption at 6 and 24 hours postoperatively (P= 0.049 and P<0.001), significantly lower activities VAS(pain during activities)scores at 6 hours postoperatively, rest and activities VAS (pain at rest and pain during activities)scores at 24 hours postoperatively, and activities VAS scores at 48 hours postoperatively(P=0.022, P =0.002, P=0.001 and P=0.007). Compared to group C, the time to bowel function return was significantly shorter in group S. There was no significant difference in rest VAS (pain at rest) scores at 6 and 48 hours postoperatively (P>0.05). The time to first lactation was not significantly different between the two groups (P>0.05). There was no significant difference in neonatal neurobehavioral scores between the two groups (P>0.05). Conclusion: Compared to sufentanil PCA, adding low dose of esketamine significantly reduced the consumption of sufentanil while providing equally effective post cesarean analgesia in the patients with gestational diabetes. Copyright © 2023 Han, Chen, Huang, Zhang, Li, Xu, Peng, Li and Chen.
Never a dull enzyme, RNA polymerase II; RNA polymerase II (Pol II) is composed of 12 subunits that collaborate to synthesize mRNA within the nucleus. Pol II is widely recognized as a passive holoenzyme, with the molecular functions of its subunits largely ignored. Recent studies employing auxin-inducible degron (AID) and multi-omics techniques have revealed that the functional diversity of Pol II is achieved through the differential contributions of its subunits to various transcriptional and post-transcriptional processes. By regulating these processes in a coordinated manner through its subunits, Pol II can optimize its activity for diverse biological functions. Here, we review recent progress in understanding Pol II subunits and their dysregulation in diseases, Pol II heterogeneity, Pol II clusters and the regulatory roles of RNA polymerases. © 2023 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Early and long-term consequences for newborns with fetus growth retardation. Retrospective study data for 2019–2021; Introduction. The urgency of the problem of fetal growth retardation is beyond doubt. To date, it has been established that IUGR complicates 15% of all pregnancies in the world, increasing to 25% with a burdened obstetric and gynecological history and complicated pregnancy. According to a number of studies, it is known that FGR leads at a later age to the development of diseases such as metabolic syndrome, obesity, coronary heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes. Objective. To identify clinical and anamnestic risk factors for the development of IUGR and assess early neonatal health outcomes for newborns with various forms of IUGR (early and late). Materials and methods. The work was based on a retrospective review of maps, including 2000 birth histories of women who gave birth at the Center from 2019 to 2021. We selected 145 birth histories with IUGR, according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria and 66 birth histories with a normal pregnancy. Short-term outcomes of IUGR were analyzed on the basis of data from medical records of newborns, long-term outcomes of IUGR were determined after a subsequent study of 64 cases of children at 12 months old, observed on the territory of the Center’s children’s polyclinic Results. Significant clinical risk factors for the implementation of IGR should include: maternal BMI, pregnancy-induced hypertension/preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus against the background of normal maternal weight and height, and oligohydramnios. Among infants with IGR, an increase in complications such as respiratory failure, myocardial hypertrophy, circulatory failure and disseminated intravascular coagulation is associated with an increased risk of perinatal mortality and an increase in infant mortality. Conclusions. IGR has a significant adverse effect on the health of the fetus and newborn and its long-term prognosis. Newborns with growth retardation have higher morbidity and mortality, require longer hospital stays, and consequently require higher hospital costs. © 2022 Zhejiang Daxue Xuebao (Nongye yu Shengming Kexue Ban)/Journal of the Zhejiang University - Agriculture and Life Science. All rights reserved.
Assessment of eating habits, psycho-emotional state, quality of life and risk factors for the development of gestational diabetes mellitus in women with threatened late miscarriage; In view of the fact that gestational diabetes mellitus occurs against the background of various complications of pregnancy, often mutually aggravating each other, the search for risk factors of manifestation of gestational diabetes mellitus in all kinds of gestational complications is currently relevant. Objective. To assess eating habits, psycho-emotional state, quality of life and identification of risk factors for the development of gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women with threatening late miscarriage. Material and methods. The study included 140 patients with threatened abortion at gestational age of 13—22 weeks at the time of admission to the hospital. The main group consisted of 70 patients with threatened miscarriage and gestational diabetes mellitus diagnosed on admission. The comparison group consisted of 70 patients with threatened miscarriage. All pregnant women were interviewed using a specially designed questionnaire. Nutritional behavior was assessed using the standardized DEBQ questionnaire; well-being, activity and mood — using the SUN questionnaire (well-being, activity, mood); level of anxiety and depression — using the HADS scale; quality of life — using the standardized SF-36 questionnaire. Results. Patients with gestational diabetes mellitus detected in the II trimester of pregnancy and threatening late miscarriage are characterized by older reproductive age, higher body mass index at the time of pregnancy, higher body weight gain in the II trimester of pregnancy, lower quality of life. Risk factors for the development of gestational diabetes mellitus in the second trimester of pregnancy in patients with threatened miscarriage are irregular working hours, smoking, chronic inflammatory diseases, hyper-tension, obesity, aggravated family history and obesity in 1st degree relatives, coronary heart disease, arterial hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus in 2nd-degree relatives, aggravated obstetric history (moderate pre-eclampsia), edema and polyuria com-plicating the course of previous pregnancies, disturbed eating habits (restrictive eating habits, its combination with externalized eating habits), low physical activity, poor well-being and mood, anxiety and depression. Conclusion. In order to eliminate modifiable risk factors without and during pregnancy, it is necessary timely to detect them and carry out prophylaxis, identify and treat extragenital diseases, recommend consulting a psychologist and a nutritionist, and work with future parents. © 2023, Media Sphera Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Season of delivery and risk of venous thromboembolism during hospitalization among pregnant women; Background: Seasons were found to be related to the occurrences of venous thromboembolism (VTE) in hospitalized patients. No previous study has explored whether seasons were associated with VTE risk in pregnant women. This study aimed to investigate the relationships between the season of delivery and VTE risk during hospitalization among pregnant women. Methods: This is a multi-center retrospective cohort study of pregnant women. Participants were those who delivered at seven designated sites in Hubei Province, China, during the period from January 2017 to December 2022. They were categorized according to their season/month of delivery. Information on new-onset VTE during hospitalization was followed. Results: Approximately 0.28% (104/37,778) of the pregnant women developed new-onset VTE during hospitalization for delivery. After adjustment, compared with participants in the spring group, participants in the summer, autumn, and winter groups had an increased risk of VTE during hospitalization. The ORs were 2.59 [1.30, 5.15], 2.83 [1.43, 5.60], and 2.35 [1.17, 4.75] for the summer, autumn, and winter groups, respectively. Pregnant women in the combined group (summer + autumn + winter) had an increased risk of VTE during hospitalization than those in the spring group (OR, 2.59 [1.39, 4.85]). By restricting the analyses among pregnant women without in vitro fertilization, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preterm, the results still remained robust. Compared with participants who delivered in March, April, and May, participants who delivered in June, July, September, November, December, and February had a higher risk of VTE during hospitalization. Conclusion: This study demonstrated that pregnant women who delivered in summer, autumn, and winter had an increased VTE risk during hospitalization compared with those who delivered in spring. Copyright © 2023 Li, Wang, Wang, Deng, Cheng, Lin, Zhu, Chen, Guo, Li, Chen, Yuan, Dai, Tian, Xu, Wu, Zhang, Wang, Tang and Hu.
Epigenetic mechanisms of intrauterine fetal senescence: little-known effects of hyperhomocysteinemia during pregnancy; Today, a whole body of evidence base has been formed showing the negative effect of hyperhomocysteinemia (HHС) during pregnancy on the intrauterine fetal development: risk factors associated with development of congenital neural tube defects, congenital heart defects and non-syndromic oral facial clefts. In addition, numerous studies have shown that HHС is a risk factor for serious pregnancy complications such as repeated pregnancy loss, preterm birth, preeclampsia, placental abruption, intrauterine growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus. At the same time, despite multiple clinical and experimental studies, the significance of HHС effects continues to support the interest to this issue. In recent years, new data were revealed about little-known phenomena pregnancy-associated maternal HHС such as "epigenetic fetal aging" and "fetal atherogenesis". Epigenetic aging is an individual indicator of aging that captures interindividual differences at disease onset throughout life occurring during intrauterine development being reveaked as DNA hypomethylation. Moderate HHС during pregnancy causes fetal DNA hypomethylation, which, according to recent research, may represent the main mechanism underlying health in childhood and adulthood. "Fetal atherogenesis" is another understudied HHС effect emphasizing that the formation of atherosclerotic plaques begins not in adulthood, but in utero. A body of studies has shown that the formation of thickening and fatty streaks in vascular intima involved in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis begins antenatally. The discovery of new aspects of negative intrauterine HHС impact on fetal development necessitates a detailed study of HHС causes as non-modifiable (genetic defects in enzyme systems), and more importantly, conditionally modifiable causes (lack of cofactors, excessive methionine consumption, medications) for their timely leveling. It is also important to study approaches to HHС correction at the preconception stage of a female reproductive function in order to correctly "program" fetus and newborn development. © The Author(s), 2023.
Frequency and Pattern of Congenital Heart Defects in Infant of Diabetic Mother at Tertiary Care Hospital; Background and Objective: This study was conducted to evaluate the frequency and pattern of congenital heart defects (CHD) in the infant of pregestational and gestational diabetic mothers presenting at NICU and the causality department of NICH Karachi Pakistan. Methods: It was a cross-sectional study conducted at NICH Karachi, from July to October, 2022. Infants born to diabetic mothers were enrolled in the study and the frequency and pattern of congenital heart diseases were determined by echocardiography which was performed by a pediatric cardiologist who has had expertise in his field for more than 10 years. Results: A total of 147 infants were enrolled in the study with the majority of them being 0 to 15 days of age (n=138, 93.9%) and were male gender (n=88, 59.9%). Nearly a quarter of mothers had pre-gestational diabetes (n=35, 23.8%) while 112 (76.2%) mothers had gestational diabetes. Out of 147, 67 (45.57%) infants had congenital heart defects. The most common heart defect was PFO (n=35, 23%) followed by PDA (n=22, 14.9%), VSD (n=8, 5.4%), ASD (n=4, 2.7%), HCM (n=4, 2.7%), TOF (n=4, 2.7%) and TGA (n=2, 1.36%). A significant difference was seen for ASD (p<0.001), VSD (p<0.001), TGA (p=0.011), HCM (p<0.001), and TOF (p<0.001) in congenital heart defect among infants born to mother having pre-gestational diabetes and gestational diabetes. Conclusion: This study analyzed that nearly half of the infants born to diabetic mothers had congenital heart defects. Thus, it highlights a need for the development of postnatal screening programs for CHD in our population for managing this problem timely. To reduce morbidity and mortality, early CHD diagnosis with screening echocardiography is advised. © 2023, Liaquat National Hospital and Medical College. All rights reserved.
Gynecological and dermatological aspects of diagnostics of polycystic ovary syndrome from puberty to menopause; The article is devoted to the review of scientific publications on gynecological and dermatological aspects of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in different age periods of women’s life. Analysis of domestic and foreign publications presents that the prevalence of PCOS depends on the age of women and the state of their reproductive function, and is accounted 17% in women 21 to 30 years old and significantly decreased with age. More than half of all cases of endocrine infertility (50-75%) and about 20-22% of the causes of infertile marriage in general are associated with PCOS. The phenotypic heterogeneity of women with PCOS affects the pregnancy outcomes in different ways, which increases the risk of its pathological course, early pregnancy loss, the development of gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders, the birth of small and large for gestational age babies, etc. “The golden standard” for hyperandrogenism diagnosis in PCOS patients is the determination of the index of free testosterone and androstenedione. Other indicators are important for differential diagnosis and definition of syndrome phenotypes. Different PCOS phenotypes are characterized by different ratios of the contribution of sources of excess androgen synthesis. Depending on the cause, hyperandrogenism in PCOS patients is accompanied by various metabolic risks. Usually, an excess of androgens in women is clinically manifested by hirsutism, seborrheic dermatitis, acne, acanthosis nigricans, and androgenetic alopecia. The presence of dermatological manifestations of hyperandrogenism has different diagnostic value in puberty, women of reproductive age and in menopause. Acne can be the first sign of pubertal maturation. Additional examinations should be planned in extremely severe cases, which are accompanied by signs of androgen excess, or do not respond to treatment. In women of reproductive age and in perimenopause, the need to assess androgenic status is extremely important. Hair loss according to the female type is associated with manifestations of metabolic syndrome, and it is an independent risk factor for the development of diabetes, atherosclerosis and mortality from cardiovascular diseases. Therefore it is recommended to use the modified Rotterdam criteria for PCOS diagnosis. Such criteria include clinical or biochemical hyperandrogenism, signs of oligoanovulation, polycystosis (morphology of the ovaries according to ultrasound diagnostics), if other causes of relevant disorders are excluded. At the same time, any two of the specified criteria have diagnostic value, which makes possible to establish not only the diagnosis, but also clinical variant (phenotype) of PCOS, the diagnosis of which is the basis for choosing individual treatment for this contingent of women. © 2023, Publishing House Professional-Event. All rights reserved.
Maternal thyroid peroxidase antibody positivity and its association with incidence of low birth weight in infants; Background: Autoimmune thyroid disease is a prevalent condition affecting women of reproductive age, leading to thyroid dysfunction and impacting pregnancy outcomes. While the critical role of thyroid hormone in pregnancy outcomes is well-established, the potential association between positive anti-thyroid peroxidase antibodies (TPOAb) and adverse pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women with normal thyroid function remains unclear. Objective: This study aims to investigate the relationship between maternal TPOAb positivity and adverse pregnancy outcomes with normal thyroid function. Methods: We collected baseline information from pregnant women who visited our hospital between February 2009 and June 2012. Blood samples were taken to measure thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH), free thyroxine (FT4), TPOAb, and anti-thyroglobulin antibodies (TGAb). The incidence of adverse pregnancy outcomes was compared between TPOAb-positive and TPOAb-negative groups among participants with normal thyroid function. Results: A total of 7,046 pregnant women with normal thyroid function were included, comprising 6,700 with negative TPOAb and 346 with positive TPOAb. The TPOAb-positive group exhibited a higher age (26.0 vs. 27.0 years, p = 0.02) and greater serum TSH levels (1.72 vs. 1.94 mIU/L, p = 0.029), while the gestational week of blood collection was lower (31.9 vs. 26.5 weeks, p = 0.001). Univariate analysis revealed a higher incidence of low birth weight (LBW) in offspring of TPOAb-positive women compared to the TPOAb-negative group (3.5% vs. 1.9%, p = 0.035). After adjusting for confounding factors such as age, gestational week of blood collection, menstrual history, education level, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, TGAb, TSH, and FT4, TPOAb positivity emerged as an independent risk factor for LBW infants (OR: 2.317, 95% CI: 1.057–5.076, p = 0.036), while other adverse pregnancy outcomes did not show a significant correlation with TPOAb positivity. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that TPOAb-positive pregnant women with normal thyroid function are more likely to deliver LBW infants. Regular monitoring of TPOAb-positive pregnancies and timely interventions throughout all stages of pregnancy are crucial. Copyright © 2023 Chen, Lin, Lin, Ye, Sun and Lu.
The Nutritional Needs of Mothers and Babies: A Review; The aim is to assess the importance of measuring healthy habits by pregnant women, that enhance different factors of mother and fetus health. We evaluate the change and variations in dietary recommendations. A female went through a lot of physical and mental changes in different stages of pregnancy and there are some common symptoms such as vomiting, fatigue, nausea, frequent urination, dizziness, etc. Certain hormonal changes are there to balance the body’s fatigue, tiredness, and hormones, few dietary recommendations are mentioned and it has been concluded that diet plays an important role during pregnancy, and meeting all the nutrition needs is an essential factor in planning the diet. Many diseases/deficiencies are there such as goiter, iodine deficiency, folate deficiency, gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational weight gain, Neural tube defects, and much more. A detailed view is mentioned below in the following paper: On average, pregnancy lasts 40 to 42 weeks (Nine months). On average, weight gain for a pregnant woman is 12 to 14 kg, thus weight gain can lower the risk of complications during labor and also lower the risk of LBW (low birth weight). Low GWG increases the risk of having an LBW infant. The average weight of the baby should be 2.5-3 kg. A baby having this much body weight should be considered a healthy infant. We provide up-to-date advice for achieving optimal nutrition before conception, throughout breastfeeding, in the first two years of life, and for preschoolers, with an eye on long-term health benefits. These guidelines are intended to aid in the primary prevention of obesity and the non-communicable diseases it is linked to among economically privileged groups, such as European women and children. Medical professionals should be incentivized and educated to promote and advise patients on preconception nutrition, which includes enhancing adolescent nutrition and health. Women who are physically active, eat healthily, don’t smoke, don’t drink excessively, and have a good body mass index (BMI) have a higher chance of having a safe pregnancy. Women of childbearing age should have their consumption and status of specific micronutrients closely monitored, especially folate. Women at risk for insufficient dietary intake of certain micronutrients may benefit from taking dietary supplements containing iron, vitamin D, vitamin B12, iodine, and maybe others. Smoke and alcohol should be strictly eliminated from the diet. Yes, diet plays an important role during pregnancy but staying physically active is equally important for the mother and the baby to promote general health and well-being. Exercise and stretching can reduce the risk of excessive maternal weight gain or gestational weight gain(Obesity). A long walk can greatly help a pregnant woman after lunch or in the morning. © 2023, Dr. Yashwant Research Labs Pvt. Ltd.. All rights reserved.
A prediction model for short-term neurodevelopmental impairment in preterm infants with gestational age less than 32 weeks; Introduction: Early identification and intervention of neurodevelopmental impairment in preterm infants may significantly improve their outcomes. This study aimed to build a prediction model for short-term neurodevelopmental impairment in preterm infants using machine learning method. Methods: Preterm infants with gestational age < 32 weeks who were hospitalized in The Maternal and Child Health Hospital of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, and were followed-up to 18 months corrected age were included to build the prediction model. The training set and test set are divided according to 8:2 randomly by Microsoft Excel. We firstly established a logistic regression model to screen out the indicators that have a significant effect on predicting neurodevelopmental impairment. The normalized weights of each indicator were obtained by building a Support Vector Machine, in order to measure the importance of each predictor, then the dimension of the indicators was further reduced by principal component analysis methods. Both discrimination and calibration were assessed with a bootstrap of 505 resamples. Results: In total, 387 eligible cases were collected, 78 were randomly selected for external validation. Multivariate logistic regression demonstrated that gestational age(p = 0.0004), extrauterine growth restriction (p = 0.0367), vaginal delivery (p = 0.0009), and hyperbilirubinemia (0.0015) were more important to predict the occurrence of neurodevelopmental impairment in preterm infants. The Support Vector Machine had an area under the curve of 0.9800 on the training set. The results of the model were exported based on 10-fold cross-validation. In addition, the area under the curve on the test set is 0.70. The external validation proves the reliability of the prediction model. Conclusion: A support vector machine based on perinatal factors was developed to predict the occurrence of neurodevelopmental impairment in preterm infants with gestational age < 32 weeks. The prediction model provides clinicians with an accurate and effective tool for the prevention and early intervention of neurodevelopmental impairment in this population. Copyright © 2023 Li, Zhang, Mo, Wei, Jing, Li, Luo, Zou, Liu, Meng and Shi.
Aortic Intima-Media Thickness is Increased in Neonates of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: The Role of Thioredoxin-Interacting Protein as a Marker of Oxidative Stress; Background: Offspring exposed in foetal life to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for future metabolic diseases. Objective: To explore the prognostic role of abdominal aorta intima-media thickness (aIMT) in neonates exposed to GDM as a possible biomarker for later atherogenesis and its possible correlation with thioredoxin-interacting protein (TXNIP), a protein involved in oxidative stress. Methods: In this prospective, observational study, mother-infant pairs were studied in 2 groups (57 patients with GDM and 51 controls without GDM). TXNIP levels were measured in the placenta, as well as in the umbilical and neonatal blood. The data were correlated with aIMT in neonates. Results: aIMT was increased in GDM offspring (patients: median [range]=0.39 mm [0.31-0.46] vs con-trols: median=0.28 mm [0.23-0.33]; p=0.001) and remained significant after adjusting for possible con-founders (e.g., triglycerides, blood pressure, vitamin D, birth weight and gender; β coefficient=0.131 p=0.049). TXNIP levels were increased in trophoblasts (p=0.001) and syncytiotrophoblasts (p=0.001) and were decreased in endothelial cells (p=0.022) in GDM offspring vs controls. Moreover, TXNIP levels in trophoblasts positively correlated with aIMT (r=0.369; p=0.001). TXNIP levels in umbili-cal/neonatal blood were not associated with GDM. Conclusion: Increased aIMT was demonstrated in the offspring of mothers with GDM. Non-invasive measurement of aIMT could be used as a biomarker to identify children at increased risk for atherogenesis later in life. This information may encourage early preventive measures. TXNIP may be associated with GDM and/or aIMT. © 2023 Bentham Science Publishers.
Cardiovascular risk factors during pregnancy impact the postpartum cardiac and vascular reverse remodeling; Pregnant women with cardiovascular risk (CVR) factors are highly prone to develop cardiovascular disease later in life. Thus, recent guidelines suggest extending the follow-up period to 1 yr after delivery. We aimed to evaluate cardiovascular remodeling during pregnancy and determine which CVR factors and potential biomarkers predict postpartum cardiac and vascular reverse remodeling (RR). Our study included a prospective cohort of 76 healthy and 54 obese and/or hypertensive and/or with gestational diabetes pregnant women who underwent transthoracic echocardiography, pulse-wave velocity (PWV), and blood collection at the 1st trimester (1T) and 3rd trimester (3T) of pregnancy as well as at the 1st/6th/12th mo after delivery. Generalized linear mixed-effects models was used to evaluate the extent of RR and its potential predictors. Pregnant women develop cardiac hypertrophy, as confirmed by a significant increase in left ventricular mass (LVM). Moreover, ventricular filling pressure (E/e0) and atrial volume increased significantly during gestation. Significant regression of left ventricular (LV) volume, LVM, and filling pressures was observed as soon as 1 mo postpartum. The LV global longitudinal strain worsened slightly and recovered at 6 mo postpartum. PWV decreased significantly from 1T to 3T and normalized at 1 mo postpartum. We found that arterial hypertension, smoking habits, and obesity were independent predictors of increased LVM during pregnancy and postpartum. High C-reactive protein (CRP) and low ST2/IL33-receptor levels are potential circulatory biomarkers of worse LVM regression. Arterial hypertension, age, and gestational diabetes positively correlated with PWV. Altogether, our findings pinpoint arterial hypertension as a critical risk factor for worse RR and CRP, and ST2/IL33 receptors as potential biomarkers of postpartum hypertrophy reversal. Copyright © 2023 the American Physiological Society.
Potential and Prospective of Traditional Indian Medicinal Plants for the Treatment of Diabetes; The emergence of diabetes as a silent epidemic and the failure of conventional medicines to provide a safe, effective, and affordable stance has rendered scientists to go back to the ancient literature on traditional plant-based therapies. Though many spices and herbs are used for usual culinary purposes, organized research on the beneficial effect of such herbs in regard to diabetes is less explored. Traditionally, ayurvedic phyto-based polyherbal formulations have been described to reduce blood glucose levels and ease allied complications related to diabetes. The present review amasses nine ethnomedicinal plants (cinnamon, fenugreek, bitter gourd, neem, Indian bael, black myrobalan, Indian gooseberry, turmeric, and giloy) of the Indian subcontinent frequently mentioned in a traditional setting. Systematic assessment of different extraction methods, computational, in vitro, in vivo, and human trials for diabetes involving plants, is presented. A list of some of the commercially available polyherbal formulations for diabetes, along with their key constituents, is discussed. Finally, considering the concomitant use of herbs along with conventional drugs, a brief perspective on the possible herb-drug interactions, limitations, and future directions is provided. This review sheds light on the bioactive components of pharmaceutically relevant plants mentioned in traditional settings for hypoglycemic control. Subsequently, wider acceptance of complementary therapy for efficient management of diabetes would improve the quality of life of patients across the globe. © 2023 Har Krishan Bhalla & Sons.
Diabetes Mellitus Prediction using Supervised Machine Learning Techniques; Diabetes is a long-term condition that occurs when either the body cannot use insulin properly or the pancreas does not produce sufficient amounts of hormone to control blood glucose levels. High blood sugar levels are a hallmark of diabetes, which belongs to a group of metabolic diseases. The two most prevalent varieties of diabetes are type 1 and type 2, but there are other types as well, such as gestational diabetes, which develops during pregnancy. The number of people with type 1 diabetes has significantly increased. The genetic condition known as type 1 diabetes has a long incubation period and frequently manifests early in life. Cells in people with type 2 diabetes do not properly respond to insulin. It changes over time and mostly depends on how people live their lives. According to a 2022 report by the International Diabetes Federation, currently around 382 million people worldwide have diabetes. By 2035, the Figure is expected to increase to 592 million. One of the most common causes of tissue and organ damage and dysfunction, including blindness, kidney failure, heart failure, and stroke, is diabetes. As a result, early detection of diabetes is critical. This work aims at implementing two machine learning methods like Logistic Regression and Random Forest for diabetes prediction. Each algorithm is calculated to determine the model's accuracy. Furthermore, the highest accuracy of 99.03% is received by Random Forest. © 2023 IEEE.
The Maternal Outcome of Patients with COVID-19 and their babies in the first 24 hours of Birth; Aim: This study investigates the maternal outcome of patients with COVID-19 and their babies in the first 24 hours of birth in 2021 in Ayatollah Kashani Hospital, Jiroft. Background: The widespread spread of Covid-19 was accompanied by concern about vulnerable groups of society such as pregnant women and infants. This group of people in society is susceptible to this disease due to the weakening of the immune system. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted on 81 pregnant women with COVID-19 in 2021 in Ayatollah Kashani Jiroft Hospital. The data collection tool was adjusted according to the maternal and neonatal outcomes, and the inclusion criteria included pregnancy over 34 weeks confirmed by ultrasound and infection with COVID-19 confirmed by PCR test. Data were collected using a checklist and maternal and neonatal outcomes were reported. Data were analyzed with SPSS version 25 software and the significance level was ≤ 0.05. Results: The prevalence of death in mothers with COVID-19 was 3.7%, in the present study, there was no higher rate of cesarean delivery, and 14.8% had premature delivery. The Apgar score of the examined infants at minute 0 was higher than 7, and infant death was not found, 18.5% were transferred to ICU and 29.6% had lung involvement. Conclusion: The results of this research showed that maternal complications, especially maternal death were more than expected but symptoms in infants did not significantly increase and infant death was not found in this study. However, it should be noted that the complications of COVID-19 in infants can be serious. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Bentham Science Publisher.
Sex and gender-specific aspects in prediabetes and diabetes mellitus—clinical recommendations (Update 2023); Metabolic diseases dramatically affect the life of men and women from infancy up to old age in different and manifold ways and are a major challenge for the healthcare system. The treating physicians are confronted with the different needs of women and men in the clinical routine. Gender-specific differences affect pathophysiology, screening, diagnostic and treatment strategies of diseases as well as the development of complications and mortality rates. Impairments in glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution and therefore the associated cardiovascular diseases, are greatly influenced by steroidal and sex hormones. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors play an important role in the development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at a younger age and at a lower body mass index (BMI) compared to women but women feature a dramatic increase in the risk of diabetes-associated cardiovascular diseases after the menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with a higher increase in vascular complications in women but a higher increase of cancer deaths in men. In women prediabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavourable changes in coagulation and higher blood pressure. Women with prediabetes and diabetes have a much higher relative risk for vascular diseases. Women are more often morbidly obese and less physically active but may have an even greater benefit in health and life expectation from increased physical activity than men. In weight loss studies men often showed a higher weight loss than women; however, diabetes prevention is similarly effective in men and women with prediabetes with a risk reduction of nearly 40%. Nevertheless, a long-term reduction in all cause and cardiovascular mortality was so far only observed in women. Men predominantly feature increased fasting blood glucose levels, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) as well as increased androgen levels and decreased estrogen levels in women and the presence of erectile dysfunction or decreased testosterone levels in men are important sex-specific risk factors for the development of diabetes. Many studies showed that women with diabetes reach their target values for HbA1c, blood pressure and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons are unclear. Furthermore, sex differences in the effects, pharmacokinetics and side effects of pharmacological treatment should be taken more into consideration. © 2023, The Author(s).
Effectiveness of intensive stand-alone smoking cessation interventions for individuals with diabetes: A systematic review and intervention component analysis; Introduction: Tobacco smoking poses a significant threat to the health of individuals living with diabetes. Intensive stand-alone smoking cessation interventions, such as multiple or long (>20 minutes) behavioral support sessions focused solely on smoking cessation, with or without the use of pharmacotherapy, increase abstinence when compared to brief advice or usual care in the general population. However, there is limited evidence so far for recommending the use of such interventions amongst individuals with diabetes. This study aimed to assess the effectiveness of intensive stand-alone smoking cessation interventions for individuals living with diabetes and to identify their critical features. Methods: A systematic review design with the addition of a pragmatic intervention component analysis using narrative methods was adopted. The key terms 'diabetes mellitus' and 'smoking cessation' and their synonyms were searched in 15 databases in May 2022. Randomized controlled trials which assessed the effectiveness of intensive stand-alone smoking cessation interventions by comparing them to controls, specifically amongst individuals with diabetes, were included. Results: A total of 15 articles met the inclusion criteria. Generally, the identified studies reported on the delivery of a multi-component behavioral support smoking cessation intervention for individuals with type I and type II diabetes, providing biochemically verified smoking abstinence rates at follow-up at six months. The overall risk-of-bias of most studies was judged to be of some concern. Despite observing inconsistent findings across the identified studies, interventions consisting of three to four sessions, lasting more than 20 min each, were found to be more likely to be associated with smoking cessation success. The additional use of visual aids depicting diabetes-related complications may also be useful. Conclusions: This review provides evidence-based smoking cessation recommendations for use by individuals with diabetes. Nonetheless, given that the findings of some studies were found to be possibly at risk-of-bias, further research to establish the validity of the provided recommendations is suggested.  © 2023 Grech J. et al.
Evaluation of an association between maternal prenatal psychological stress and insulin resistance during pregnancy and postpartum; Objectives: Various physiological mechanisms counteract insulin resistance (IR) during normal pregnancy. Psychological stress is a known, independent risk factor for developing IR. Pregnancy-specific psychological stress may cause IR and increase the risk of overt diabetes. Hence, the study aims to evaluate maternal psychological stress using multiple stress markers and their association with changes in IR during pregnancy and postpartum. Materials and Methods: Anthropometric measurements such as height, weight and skinfold thickness were measured using standard techniques. The stress markers were assessed using perceived stress scales (K10 questionnaire), a physiological marker of stress (Heart rate variability [HRV] measures) and biochemical stress markers (Saliva, hair cortisol levels). IR was estimated using homeostasis model assessment-estimated IR (HOMA-IR). The association of stress markers with IR was studied among fifty healthy pregnant women during pregnancy and postpartum. Results: The psychological stress scores and saliva cortisol were significantly higher during pregnancy than postpartum (P = 0.000). A comparison of cardiac autonomic function as assessed by HRV measures shows that high frequency in normalised units (HFnu) was significantly higher during the postnatal period than in the prenatal period (P = 0.000). High frequency (HF) spectral power in absolute units was also significantly higher (P = 0.002) in the postpartum period (2612.30 ± 432.24) when compared with the prenatal period (1446.10 ± 299.15). Low frequency in normalised units (LFnu), low frequency (LF)/HF ratio was significantly higher during the prenatal period than in the postnatal period (P = 0.000). As assessed by HOMA-IR values, IR was significantly higher during the prenatal period than postpartum (P = 0.04). There was a significant positive correlation between prenatal psychological stress scores, HRV parameters (LFnu, LF/HF) and postnatal IR. Conclusion: Pregnancy is associated with higher psychological stress levels and IR than postpartum. Furthermore, the maternal cardiac autonomic marker could predict postnatal IR among healthy pregnant women. © 2023 Published by Scientific Scholar on behalf of Indian Journal of Physiology and Pharmacology.
Cardiovascular disease in women: Do we need new diagnostic and therapeutic strategies?; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death worldwide affecting both sexes equally. However, in comparison to men, in women, it often is underrecognized and undertreated in both primary and secondary prevention settings. It is clear, that in the healthy population, there are profound differences both anatomically and biochemically between women and men, and this may impact how both groups present when they become ill. Moreover, some diseases affect more frequently women than men such as myocardial ischemia or infarction without obstructive coronary disease, Takotsubo syndrome, some atrial arrhythmias, or heart failure with preserved ejection fraction. Therefore, diagnostic and therapeutic strategies that have been established largely on the basis of clinical studies with a predominantly male population must be adapted before being applied to women. There is a paucity of data regarding cardiovascular disease in women. It is inadequate to only perform a subgroup analysis evaluating a specific treatment or invasive technique when women constitute fifty percent of the population. In this regard, this may affect the time of clinical diagnosis and severity assessments of some valvulopathies. In this review, we will focus on the differences in the diagnosis, management, and outcomes for women with the most frequent cardiovascular pathologies including coronary artery disease, arrhythmia, heart failure, and valvopathies. In addition, we will describe diseases that exclusively affect women that are related to pregnancy, and some of them are life-threatening. Although the lack of research on women plays a role in the poorer outcomes in women, especially in ischemic heart disease, some techniques such as transcatheter aortic valve implantation and transcatheter edge-to-edge therapy seem to have better outcomes in women. Copyright by the Author(s), 2023.
Integration of clinical demographics and routine laboratory analysis parameters for early prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus in the Chinese population; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common complications in pregnancy, impairing both maternal and fetal health in short and long term. As early interventions are considered desirable to prevent GDM, this study aims to develop a simple-to-use nomogram based on multiple common risk factors from electronic medical health records (EMHRs). A total of 924 pregnant women whose EMHRs were available at Peking University International Hospital from January 2022 to October 2022 were included. Clinical demographics and routine laboratory analysis parameters at 8-12 weeks of gestation were collected. A novel nomogram was established based on the outcomes of multivariate logistic regression. The nomogram demonstrated powerful discrimination (the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve = 0.7542), acceptable agreement (Hosmer-Lemeshow test, P = 0.3214) and favorable clinical utility. The C-statistics of 10-Fold cross validation, Leave one out cross validation and Bootstrap were 0.7411, 0.7357 and 0.7318, respectively, indicating the stability of the nomogram. A novel nomogram based on easily-accessible parameters was developed to predict GDM in early pregnancy, which may provide a paradigm for repurposing clinical data and benefit the clinical management of GDM. There is a need for prospective multi-center studies to validate the nomogram before employing the nomogram in real-world clinical practice. Copyright © 2023 Zhang, Dai, Zhang, Sun, Sun, Wang, Li and Zhang.
Role of liver parameters in diabetes mellitus - A narrative review; Diabetes mellitus is characterized by hyperglycemia and abnormalities in insulin secretion and function. This review article focuses on various liver parameters, including albumin, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), alpha fetoprotein (AFP), alpha 1 antitrypsin (AAT), ammonia, bilirubin, bile acid, gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), immunoglobulin, lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), and total protein. These parameters play significant roles in the development of different types of diabetes such as type 1 diabetes (T1DM), type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and gestational diabetes (GDM). The article highlights that low albumin levels may indicate inflammation, while increased ALT and AST levels are associated with liver inflammation or injury, particularly in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Elevated ALP levels can be influenced by liver inflammation, biliary dysfunction, or bone metabolism changes. High bilirubin levels are independently linked to albuminuria in T1DM and an increased risk of T2DM. Elevated GGT levels are proposed as markers of oxidative stress and liver dysfunction in T2DM. In GDM, decreased serum AFP levels may indicate impaired embryo growth. Decreased AFP levels in T2DM can hinder the detection of hepatocellular carcinoma. Hyperammonemia can cause encephalopathy in diabetic ketoacidosis, and children with T1DM and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder often exhibit higher ammonia levels. T2DM disrupts the regulation of nitrogen-related metabolites, leading to increased blood ammonia levels. Bile acids affect glucose regulation by activating receptors on cell surfaces and nuclei, and changes in bile acid metabolism are observed in T2DM. Increased LDH activity reflects metabolic disturbances in glucose utilization and lactate production, contributing to diabetic complications. Poor glycemic management may be associated with elevated levels of IgA and IgG serum antibodies, and increased immunoglobulin levels are also associated with T2DM.  © 2023 Sana Rafaqat et al., published by Sciendo.
Machine learning applied in maternal and fetal health: a narrative review focused on pregnancy diseases and complications; Introduction: Machine learning (ML) corresponds to a wide variety of methods that use mathematics, statistics and computational science to learn from multiple variables simultaneously. By means of pattern recognition, ML methods are able to find hidden correlations and accomplish accurate predictions regarding different conditions. ML has been successfully used to solve varied problems in different areas of science, such as psychology, economics, biology and chemistry. Therefore, we wondered how far it has penetrated into the field of obstetrics and gynecology. Aim: To describe the state of art regarding the use of ML in the context of pregnancy diseases and complications. Methodology: Publications were searched in PubMed, Web of Science and Google Scholar. Seven subjects of interest were considered: gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, perinatal death, spontaneous abortion, preterm birth, cesarean section, and fetal malformations. Current state: ML has been widely applied in all the included subjects. Its uses are varied, the most common being the prediction of perinatal disorders. Other ML applications include (but are not restricted to) biomarker discovery, risk estimation, correlation assessment, pharmacological treatment prediction, drug screening, data acquisition and data extraction. Most of the reviewed articles were published in the last five years. The most employed ML methods in the field are non-linear. Except for logistic regression, linear methods are rarely used. Future challenges: To improve data recording, storage and update in medical and research settings from different realities. To develop more accurate and understandable ML models using data from cutting-edge instruments. To carry out validation and impact analysis studies of currently existing high-accuracy ML models. Conclusion: The use of ML in pregnancy diseases and complications is quite recent, and has increased over the last few years. The applications are varied and point not only to the diagnosis, but also to the management, treatment, and pathophysiological understanding of perinatal alterations. Facing the challenges that come with working with different types of data, the handling of increasingly large amounts of information, the development of emerging technologies, and the need of translational studies, it is expected that the use of ML continue growing in the field of obstetrics and gynecology. Copyright © 2023 Mennickent, Rodríguez, Opazo, Riedel, Castro, Eriz-Salinas, Appel-Rubio, Aguayo, Damiano, Guzmán-Gutiérrez and Araya.
A Case of Postnatal Aortic Arch Atresia; Background: Aortic arch atresia is a rare congenital cardiac defect that may occur after birth. Pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus may increase the risk of aortic arch atresia in newborns after birth. Case Description: A 16-day-old infant was referred to our hospital on the 15th postnatal day after an interrupted or atretic aortic arch was discovered. No obvious abnormality was detected in the infant during the prenatal ultrasound. Laboratory tests showed elevated inflammatory marker levels. Transthoracic echocardiography showed stenosis of the transverse arch of the aorta and a blind end at the distal end of the left subclavian artery. During surgery, it was found that the isthmus of the aorta was uninterrupted but completely occluded due to inflammation. Conclusion: This case demonstrates that type A interrupted aortic arch and coarctation of the aorta can be acquired after birth, and if coarctation of the aorta is complicated by inflammation or if the pregnant women have gestational diabetes mellitus, it can result in aortic arch atresia as the patient’s condition worsens. It is advised to consider aortic arch atresia when imaging reveals type A interrupted aortic arch. © 2023 Yang et al.
A proposed fetal risk scoring system for gestational diabetes to assist in optimising timing of delivery; Background. The pathophysiology of gestational diabetes, which is related to abnormal gluocose tolerance and hyperinsulinaemia, renders standard fetal monitoring models ineffective, insufficient and inappropriate, as these models revolve around detecting and prognosticating on placenta-mediated disease rather than increased metabolic rates due to hyperinsulinaemia, functional hypoxia and ischaemic trophoblastic thresholds. To improve perinatal morbidity and mortality in gestational diabetes, there is therefore a need to introduce new prognostic parameters and scoring systems. Objectives. A proposed risk scoring system has been developed, based on our previous studies, to risk-categorise patients with gestational diabetes in terms of fetal outcome in view of the fact that the pathophysiology of gestational diabetes is not recognised by standard monitoring models, which revolve around placental insufficiency rather than metabolic anomalies. Methods. Patients with diabetes from four case-control studies were combined to form a total sample of 159 cases for validation of the risk scoring system. Univariate logistic regression analysis was used to assess the effect of individual risk factors with proposed cut-offs on adverse pregnancy outcome. The diagnostic accuracy of the total summative score was assessed by computing the area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. Results. Four potential parameters were identified to risk-categorise fetuses in a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes, i.e. the myocardial performance index (MPI), the E/A ratio (early diastolic filling/late diastolic filling, a marker of diastolic dysfunction), increasing fetal weight (macrosomia), and an increased amniotic fluid index. The total score, obtained by summation of the composite scores for these parameters, ranged from 0 to 11. The total score performed as an excellent predictor of adverse outcome, evidenced by an ROC area under the curve of 0.94. A cut-point of 6 on the score confers a sensitivity of 84.2% and specificity of 90.2% for predicting adverse outcome. Conclusion. To our knowledge, this is the first gestational diabetes scoring system proposed to predict an adverse outcome. © 2023, South African Medical Association. All rights reserved.
TIGAR deficiency induces caspase-1-dependent trophoblasts pyroptosis through NLRP3-ASC inflammasome; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a common complication of pregnancy, is risky for both mother and fetus. Previous studies about TP53-induced glycolysis and apoptosis regulator (TIGAR) focused on the occurrence and development of cancer, cardiovascular disease, and neurological disease, however, it is still unclear whether TIGAR plays a regulatory role in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Utilizing HG exposure, we explored the role of TIGAR in oxidative stress limitation, excessive inflammatory toxicity defense, and pyroptosis prevention. Results: TIGAR was up-regulated in vivo and in vitro under HG condition, and loss of TIGAR increased ROS in trophoblast cells which drove a phenotypic switch and hindered the capacity of migration, invasion, and tube formation. This switch depended on the increased activation of NLRP3-ASC-caspase-1 signaling, which caused a distinctive characteristic of pyroptosis, and these findings could finally be reverted by antioxidant treatment (NAC) and receptor block (MCC950). Collectively, trophoblast pyroptosis is an upstream event of TIGAR deficiency-induced inflammation, which is promoted by ROS accumulation through NLRP3-ASC inflammasome. Conclusion: Taken together, our results uncovered that, as the upstream event of TIGAR deficiency-induced inflammation, pyroptosis is stimulated by ROS accumulation through NLRP3-ASC inflammasome. Copyright © 2023 Guo, Zhou, Zhao, Li, Fang, Li and Zhang.
Case Report: Abruptio placentae and epileptic seizure after occurrence of perinatal hyperglycaemia in woman with gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertriglyceridemia-induced acute pancreatitis; Hypertriglyceridemia-induced acute pancreatitis seldom occurs in the second trimester of pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus. For these patients, the existing knowledge on concomitant hyperglycemia is not sufficient. We report a case of abruptio placentae and epileptic seizure following perinatal hyperglycaemia in woman with gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertriglyceridemia-induced acute pancreatitis. The occurrence of abruptio placentae and epileptic seizure may be associated with concomitant hyperglycemia, and the epileptic seizure was terminated after she underwent treatment with insulin. We should pay more attention to the adverse effects of perinatal hyperglycemia and continue to give appropriate insulin treatment even if patients have passed the acute phase of hypertriglyceridemia-induced acute pancreatitis. Copyright © 2023 He, Huang, Wei and Chen.
Could maternal serum MFG-E8 level predict adverse first trimester pregnancy outcome? A preliminary study; Background/aim: Milk fat globule-epidermal growth factor 8 (MFG-E8) is expressed in the endometrial epithelium and its expression increases during the implantation process. Due to this knowledge, we aimed to investigate the maternal serum MFG-E8 levels on both healthy pregnant women in the first trimester and pregnant women complicated with missed abortion and threatened abortion in the first trimester. Materials and methods: This prospective, cross-sectional study was conducted in a tertiary referral hospital, department of obstetrics between July 2020 and February 2021 after ethical committee approval. The study population was consisted of 30 healthy pregnant women (HP) in the first trimester, 30 pregnant women suffering from threatened abortion (TA) in the first trimester and 30 pregnant women suffering from missed abortion (MA) in the first trimester. Maternal serum MFG-E8 levels were analyzed with enzyme linked immunosorbent assay. Delivery and neonatal outcomes of the study population was evaluated. The continuous variables were compared among three groups with variance analysis with post hoc tests. The categorical variables were compared with chi-square and Fisher’s exact tests where applicable. Results: The mean age of the study population was 29.36 ± 5.31 years. There was no significant difference among three groups for parameters of age, body mass index, parity number, and gestational week. Despite being within normal ranges, the mean neutrophil and international normalized ratio values of the three groups showed statistically significant difference (p < 0.05). The mean maternal serum MFG-E8 levels of MA, TA, and HP groups were 270 ± 152.3, 414.7 ± 236.7, and 474 ± 222.5 ng/mL, respectively (p = 0.001). It was found that mean of MFG-E8 of the MA group was statistically significantly lower than those of the other two groups (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Although maternal serum MFG-E8 level seems to be a parameter that differ between live and nonlive pregnancies, studies with large number of cases are needed to discuss our results and to determine a cut-off value for prediction. © TÜBİTAK.
Three-dimensional Power Doppler Ultrasonography Evaluation of Maternal Orbital Perfusion in Pregnancies with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objective: Determine the level of maternal orbital perfusion in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pregnant women using maternal orbital vascular sonobiopsy (MOVS) and three-dimensional (3D) power Doppler ultrasound methods. Methods: The use of 3D power Doppler ultrasonography (3D-PDUS) for maternal orbital perfusion, together with virtual organ computer-aided analysis (VOCAL) histogram analysis, was carried out in 33 pregnancies between 25 and 40 weeks of gestation, including 18 cases of normal pregnancy (control) and 15 cases of gestational diabetes. The 3D power Doppler indices, such as the vascularization index (VI), flow index (FI), and vascularization FI (VFI), were calculated in both orbits of the individual group. The average value of each index for the two orbits was evaluated for further investigation. Both inter and intraobserver agreements of 3D-PDUS were examined. Results: In the Bland–Altman test, the mean percentage difference and 95% limits of intra and interobserver agreements for VI, FI, and VFI were 0.0803% (7.3417,-7.181) and-0.6823% (10.8095,-12.1742),-0.4816% (6.0624,-7.0256) and 0% (9.0746,-8.8384), and 0.0058% (2.6937,-2.6821) and-0.2892% (3.8910,-4.4694), respectively. The correlation for all three 3D-PD indices, that is, VI, FI, and VFI, was higher than 0.75 (0.7832–0.9749). The VI, FI, and VFI levels between control and GDM pregnancies did not change significantly. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that MOVS, which was assessed using 3D-PDUS and VOCAL histogram analysis, can offer fresh perspectives on observing maternal orbital perfusion in both healthy and dysfunctional pregnancies. © The Author(s). 2023 Open Access.
Relationship between maternal factors and preterm infant birth: a case-control study; Summary Background. The newborn mortality rate is one of the most significant health indicators in a country. According to global data, preterm births account for 60 to 80% of all new-born fatalities caused by congenital abnormalities. Despite extensive study in developed countries, there is virtually little information on the reasons for preterm births in studies in Iran and other regions of the world. Objectives. The aim of this study was to determine the relationship between some maternal factors and preterm birth. Material and methods. This case-control study was performed on 108 mothers who had preterm births (case group) and 108 mothers who had full term births (control group). A trained midwife, through interviews, collected maternal and neonatal data from the mother and their medical records. Results. A strong relationship was reported between preterm birth and history of abortion (8.54 times), history of curettage (6.2 times), gestational diabetes (6.44 times), gestational hypertension (4.92 times), multiple gestation (5.5 times) and unwanted pregnancy (4.41 times), and an inadequate amount of prenatal care (4.81 times) was reported only in the case group. Conclusions. Based on the results, it is important to identify risk factors for preterm delivery in mothers and educate pregnant women during pregnancy. Regular and timely prenatal care helps identify mothers in high-risk groups. © by Wydawnictwo Continuo.
Phonocardiography and cardiotocography allow dynamic monitoring of the fetus in gestational diabetes mellitus; The aim: To compare the adequacy of calculating the parameters of the fetal cardiointervalogram obtained by Doppler and phonography methods from the degree of obesity in a pregnant woman Materials and methods: The study involved 54 pregnant women aged 16 to 42 years, all women are classified as having a high degree of perinatal risk. The gestational age at the time of the study was 27-41 weeks. In 26 women, the course of pregnancy was complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus, in 28 women this diagnosis was absent. The BMI of the study participants ranged from 21 to 35 kg/m2. The cardiotocogram was recorded using Sonicaid Team (Sonicaid Ltd/Huntleigh Healthcare, UK) and FC 1400 (Bionet, South Korea) devices. Recording of the phonocardiogram was carried out using the FetalCare software and hardware complex (Diagnostics+ LLC, Tomsk). For each study, the time when the simultaneous presence of a heart signal on CTG and FCG averaged 23.7 ± 8.8 minutes. Results: Based on the data obtained from CTG and FCG, the dependence of the percentage of the lost signal (%), the volume of intersections of the graphs (%), the correlation between the CTG and FCG graphs (r,%), the percentage of recording with a deviation of the CTG and FCG graph of less than 12.5 beats/min was calculated (1-RO,%), the absolute difference in the values of the average heart rate (bpm), basal rate (BR, bpm), STV and LTV (ms) from the patient's body mass index. Conclusion: Phonocardiography is a promising method for long-term continuous monitoring of the fetal heart rate, given the low cost of equipment and absolute safety for mother and fetus. The conducted study proved the possibility of using the FCG method in obese women, a small dependence of the calculated parameters of the cardiointervalogram on the body mass index. It is necessary to continue developments on the creation of new modifications of fetal monitors based on various principles of heart rate recording. © 2023 Science Press. All rights reserved.
Umbilical artery thrombosis and maternal positive autoimmune antibodies: two case reports and a literature review; Background: Previous studies have shown that abnormal increases in autoimmune antibodies in pregnant women may increase the risk of maternal thrombosis. However, at our hospital, two pregnant women presented with umbilical artery thrombosis and positive maternal autoantibodies were detected in both, which led us to consider whether maternal autoantibodies also played a role in umbilical artery thrombosis. Case presentation: Case 1: Fetal ultrasound of a 34-year-old pregnant woman at 30+4 weeks gestation showed two umbilical arteries, with an inner diameter of approximately 0.15 cm for the smaller was artery. However, only a single umbilical artery blood flow signal was detected. Due to fetal distress, which was noted on abnormal cardiotocography and Doppler ultrasound, an emergency cesarean section was performed at 31+1 weeks gestation. The Apgar score of the newborn was 3-8-8. Umbilical cord examination detected thrombosis in the two umbilical arteries. Moreover, blood test results during pregnancy showed nRNP/Sm antibody (+) and SS antibody (+++). Case 2: The first systematic ultrasound of a 33-year-old twin pregnancy at 24+3 weeks gestation was normal, but routine fetal ultrasound at 27+1 weeks gestation showed only one umbilical artery between fetus A and the placenta. Blood test results showed that the patient was anti-nRNP/Sm antibody (+) in the rheumatoid immune activity test at 27+3 weeks gestation. An emergency cesarean section was performed at 34+6 weeks gestation because of the single umbilical artery and abnormal maternal coagulation. Both umbilical cords of fetus A and B blood test results showed anti-nRNP/Sm antibody (++). The pathological examination of the umbilical cord and placenta showed the presence of old thrombosis in one of the umbilical arteries of fetus A. Conclusions: Abnormal maternal autoantibodies may be a risk factor for umbilical artery thrombosis. For these pregnant women, conducting more detailed ultrasound monitoring might get early detection of UAT formation and avoid the occurrence of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Copyright © 2023 Li, Chen, Liu, Cai, Wei, Du, Liu, Gong, Cheng, Zhou, Xiong, Wang, Li, Yang and Lai.
A case of an obese, infertile Japanese woman with type 2 diabetes mellitus achieving a favorable and safe pregnancy outcome after laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy; 【Background】Obesity is widely known to be a major factor associated with infertility, and weight loss is often recommended to improve fertility in women of reproductive age. One treatment for morbid obesity is metabolic surgery. In obese women with infertility, metabolic surgery has been found to affect pregnancy outcomes. Furthermore, in Japan, infertility treatment has been covered by public insurance since 2022, and obesity with infertility is expected to become an increasingly important social issue. However, there are only a few reports of pregnancy and delivery after surgical weight loss in Japan. 【Case presentation】A 29-year-old woman with a history of type 2 diabetes mellitus and polycystic ovary syndrome was referred to our hospital with morbid obesity and infertility. The patient had undergone infertility treatments for two years but had not been able to become pregnant. At the first visit, her weight was 105.5 kg, and her body mass index was 39.0 kg/m2. When six months of medical therapy failed to achieve sufficient weight loss, the patient was referred to our department for surgical intervention. A preoperative weight loss program was performed for two weeks in the hospital, and then laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy was performed. Thirteen months after the operation, her weight had decreased to 76.0 kg, with a body mass index of 28.1 kg/m2. No anti-diabetic agents were administered after the surgery, and there were no episodes of hyperglycemia. Infertility treatment was continued after the operation, and the patient became pregnant in the first cycle of in vitro fertilization at 12 months after the operation. The entire pregnancy course was uneventful, and a newborn of 3373 g was delivered by vaginal delivery at 40 weeks and 1 day of gestation, which was 20 months after the operation. There were no pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-induced hypertension, or maternal anemia. 【Conclusions】We encountered a case in which weight loss was obtained promptly after laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy, leading to a successful pregnancy and delivery. With proper multidisciplinary management, it is possible to become pregnant and deliver safely after surgical weight loss. © 2023, Chiba Medical Society. All rights reserved.
Clinical characterisation and management outcome of obstetric patients following intensive care unit admission for COVID-19 pneumonia; This study aims to examine the clinical characteristics and mortality-related factors of obstetric patients, who were taken to the intensive care unit due to Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19). This study included 31 patients in the peripartum period with COVID-19 pneumonia, followed up in the intensive care unit (ICU) from March 2020 to December 2020. Symptoms, laboratory values, intensive care unit duration of stay, complications, the requirement of non-invasive and invasive mechanical ventilation, and mortality were recorded. The mean age was 30.7 ± 6.2 years and the mean gestational age was 31.1 ± 6.4 weeks. Among the patients, 25.8% had a fever, 87.1% had a cough, 96.8% had dyspnoea and 77.4% had tachypnoea. Seventeen patients (54.8%) had mild, 6 (19.4%) had moderate and 8 (25.8%) had severe pulmonary involvement on computed tomography. Sixteen (51.6%) patients required high-frequency oscillatory ventilation, 6 (19.3%) patients required continuous positive airway pressure, and 5 (16.1%) patients required invasive mechanical ventilation. Sepsis complicated by septic shock and multiorgan failure occurred in 4 patients and all of them died. The ICU duration of stay was 4.9 ± 4.3 days. We have found that older maternal age, obesity, high LDH, AST, ALT, ferritin, leukocyte, CRP, and procalcitonin values, and severe lung involvement were mortality-related factors.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? Pregnant women are in the high-risk group for Covid-19 disease and its complications. Although most pregnant women are asymptomatic, severe infection-related hypoxia can cause serious foetal and maternal problems. What do the results of this study add? When we examined the literature, we found that the number of studies on pregnant women with severe Covid-19 infection was limited. For this reason, with our study results, we aim to contribute to the literature by determining the biochemical parameters and patient-related factors associated with severe infection and mortality in pregnant patients with severe Covid-19 infection. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? With our study results, predisposing factors for the development of severe Covid-19 infection in the pregnant patient population and biochemical parameters that are early indicators of severe infection were determined. In this way, pregnant women in the high-risk group can be followed closely and the necessary treatments can be started quickly so disease-related complications and mortality can be reduced. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Preeclampsia and diabetes mellitus; Objective: The purpose of this paper is to provide a review of recent research on the relationship between preeclampsia and diabetes mellitus in pregnancy. Methodology: A structured search for literary sources in PubMed and ScienceDirect databases using keywords, followed by a selection of papers based on solid methodology. Results: Preeclampsia is a serious condition, which complicates 2–7% of pregnancies. It causes maternal complications (organ dysfunction) and fetal complications (pathological haemodynamic parameters of the uteroplacental unit and fetal growth restriction). Pregnant women with pregestational diabetes have a 2-and 4-times higher risk of developing preeclampsia and the ones with gestational diabetes have 1.3-times higher risk. The main identified risk factors are inadequate compensation of diabetes, diabetic nephropathy, retinopathy and the duration of diabetes. To minimalize the risk of developing preeclampsia, a composite screening has been implemented. With a positive result a preventive use of acetylsalicylic acid from at the latest 16 and up until the 36th week is advised. Preeclampsia is also a risk factor for developing diabetes mellitus and other cardiovascular diseases later in life. For that reason, a long-term dispensary of women who had preeclampsia in pregnancy is recommended. © 2023, Czech Medical Association J.E. Purkyne. All rights reserved.
COMMON MECHANISMS OF PLACENTAL DYSFUNCTION IN PREECLAMPSIA, GESTATIONAL DIABETES, AND COVID-19 IN PREGNANT WOMEN; Background: COVID-19 infection, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnancy cause similar changes in the placenta and influence development of the fetus between conception and birth in gestation. Proper uterine and placental vascularization is essential for normal fetal development. The transpla-cental exchange is regulated and maintained by the placental endothelium. During placental implantation, the trophoblast differentiates into two distinct layers, the inner cytotrophoblast and outer syncytiotrophoblast, which are key elements of the human placental barrier. Proinflammatory cytokines exacerbate ischemic events and create an upward spiral of an inflammatory reaction in the placenta. Placental pathology in gestational COVID-19 shows desquamation and damage of trophoblast and chronic histiocytic intervillositis. Similar lesions also occur in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. Common ground: The systemic inflammatory response of the mother, the increased inflammation in the placenta and cytokine production by placental trophoblasts should be monitored throughout pregnancy. Placental angiogenesis can be evaluated by serum vascular endothelial growth factor, Annexin A2, placental growth factor or sclerostin. Tissue damage can be assessed by measuring levels of serum lactate dehydrogenase and myeloperoxidase. Blood flow can be monitored with three-dimensional Doppler and pathological changes can be documented with paraffin-embedded tissue sections stained with hematoxylin and eosin, and electron microscope images as well as immunohistochemistry tests for vascular endothelial growth factor, placental growth factor, sclerostin and Annexin A2. Opinion: The damage of maternal and fetal vascular perfusion (villitis and fibrin deposition) is a common mechanism of gestational diseases. The placenta lesions liberate anti-endothelial factors that lead to anti-angiogenic conditions and are the common mechanism of maternal placental vascular malperfusion in gestational diseases. © 2023, Palladin Institute of Biochemistry of the NASU. All rights reserved.
A holistic approach to preventing type 2 diabetes in Asian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus: a feasibility study and pilot randomized controlled trial; Background: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) exposes women to future risk of Type 2 Diabetes. Previous studies focused on diet and physical activity, less emphasis was given to tackle intertwined risk factors such as sleep and stress. Knowledge remains scarce in multi-ethnic Asian communities. This study explored the: (1) feasibility of a holistic digital intervention on improving diet, physical activity (PA), sleep and stress of Asian women with a history of GDM, and (2) preliminary efficacy of the holistic intervention on women’s physical and mental well-being via a pilot randomized controlled trial. Methods: Female volunteers with a history of GDM but without pre-existing diabetes were recruited from multi-ethnic Singaporean community. Each eligible woman was given a self-monitoring opportunity using Oura Ring that provided daily feedback on step counts, PA, sleep and bedtime heart rate. Intervention group additionally received personalized recommendations aimed to reinforce healthy behaviors holistically (diet, PA, sleep and stress). Dietary intake was evaluated by a research dietitian, while step counts, PA, sleep and bedtime heart rate were evaluated by health coaches based on Oura Ring data. Perceived physical and mental health and well-being were self-reported. Clinical outcomes included glycemic status determined by HbA1c and OGTT tests, body mass index, blood pressures and lipid profile. Results: Of 196 women from the community, 72 women completed diabetes screening, 61 women were eligible and 56 women completed the study. The 56 completers had mean age of 35.8 ± 3.7 years, predominantly Chinese, majority had their first GDM diagnosed at least 2 years ago and had two GDM-affected pregnancies. After intervention period, more women in the Intervention group achieved at least 8,000 steps/day and had at least 6 hours of sleep per night. Noticeable reduction of added sugar in their food and beverages were observed after the dietary intervention. Changes in body weight and mental well-being were observed but group differences were not statistically significant. Conclusions: The holistic approach appeared feasible for personalizing lifestyle recommendations to promote physical and mental well-being among women with a history of GDM. Larger studies with sufficient assessment timepoints and follow-up duration are warranted to improve the evaluation of intervention effects on clinical outcomes. Clinical trial registration number: https://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT05512871, NCT05512871. Copyright © 2023 Liew, Soon, Chooi, Tint and Eriksson.
The role of self-monitoring of blood glucose in reducing obstetric and perinatal risks associated with gestational diabetes mellitus; Pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is accompanied by a higher risk of serious obstetric and perinatal complications. The results of the HAPO (Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes) study showed that the previously used criteria for the diagnosis of GDM require revision. Universal standards for the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disorders during pregnancy are required. GDM is a risk factor for the development of obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in the mother and offspring in the future. GDM treatment is based on modification of diet and lifestyle, self-monitoring of glycemia, as well as timely initiated insulin therapy. However, the adherence to glucose self-control among pregnant women with GDM remains quite low, as well as the correctness of filling out handwritten diaries. The wider use of glucose meters with the setting of an individual target range of glycemia, the function of wireless transmission of blood glucose data to an endocrinologist with the formation of reports, as well as the ability to enter information about nutrition, physical activity, insulin dose into a mobile application allows to increase satisfaction with treatment and reduce poor obstetric and perinatal outcomes in GDM. © 2023, LLC MMA MediaMedika. All rights reserved.
Quantitative evaluation of left ventricular systolic function in hyperglycemia during pregnancy by left ventricular pressure-strain loop; Objective To detect the changes of left ventricular myocardial work parameters, and evaluate the left ventricular systolic function in patients with hyperglycemia during pregnancy by left ventricular pressure-strain loop (PSL). Methods From June 2021 to March 2022, 97 pregnant women who were admitted to the Second Affiliated Hospital of Harbin Medical University and clinically diagnosed as gestational hyperglycemia were prospectively and randomly selected. According to the blood glucose level, the patients were divided into gestational dominant diabetes mellitus (ODM) group(39 cases) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) group(58 cases). Meanwhile, another 62 healthy pregnant women were selected as control group. The basic clinical data of the pregnant women were collected, and the conventional two-dimensional parameters of the heart were collected. The global longitudinal strain (GLS) was analyzed by two-dimensional speckle tracking technique. Then the cuff blood pressure was used as the left ventricular pressure to construct a non-invasive left ventricular pressure-strain loop. The global myocardial work index (GWI), global constructive work (GCW), global wasted work (GWW) and global work efficiency (GWE) of each group were calculated and compared. The correlation between myocardial performance parameters and GLS, glycated hemoglobin(HbA1c) were analyzed, and the independent factors affecting left ventricular systolic function were obtained by Logistic regression analysis. Twenty cases were randomly selected from the study subjects, and the intraclass correlation coefficients(ICC) of within the observers and between observers were calculated for repeatability test. Results ①Conventional ultrasound parameters: There were no significant differences among the three groups (all P>0.05). ②GLS and left ventricular myocardial performance parameters: GWI, GWE, GCW and GLS in GDM and ODM groups were significantly lower than those in control group (allP<0.001), GWW was significantly higher than control group (P<0.001); GWI, GWE, GCW and GLS in ODM group were lower than those in GDM group (allP<0.001), while GWW was higher than control group (P<0.001). ③GWE, GWI and GCW were negatively correlated with GLS (r=-0.525, - 0.408, -0.435; all P<0.05), GWW was positively correlated with GLS (r=0.348, P<0.05). GWE, GWI and GCW were negatively correlated with HbA1c (r=-0.325, - 0.262, -0.250; all P<0.05), while GWW was positively correlated with HbA1c (r=0.175, P<0.05). ④GWE, 1 h oral glucose tolerance test and HbA1c were the influencing factors of left ventricular systolic function in patients with hyperglycemia during pregnancy. ⑤The predictive values of GWI, GWE, GCW, GWW and GLS for cardiac function in patients with gestational hyperglycemia were high, and the predictive value of GWE was the highest (AUC: 0.87, the best truncation value: 94.5%, specificity: 0.76, sensitivity: 0.82) and better than GLS. ⑥The repeatability of myocardial work parameters was better in both groups. Conclusions Myocardial work parameters obtained by PSL are early and sensitive parameters for evaluating left ventricular systolic function impairment in patients with hyperglycemia during pregnancy which can provide reliable and objective quantitative indicators for early clinical intervention and improvement of prognosis. © 2023 Journal of Army Medical University. All rights reserved.
Listeriosis During Pregnancy: Maternal and Neonatal Consequences—A Case Report; Listeriosis is a rare but extremely dangerous infection for both mother and fetus. This pathogen can spread in humans’ bodies by consumption of contaminated food. The main high-risk groups of people for being infected are immunosuppressed and especially pregnant women. We present a case of materno-neonatal listeriosis illustrating that empiric antimicrobial therapy of chorioamnionitis during labor and neonate postpartum can also cover listeriosis which was not diagnosed prior to obtaining cultures. © 2023 Rovas et al.
A Rare Case of Acute Myocardial Infarction in Pregnancy: Successful Treatment Strategies; BACKGROUND: Acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy is rare, but is associated with a high mortality rate, particularly during labor and delivery. This article concerns a 23-year-old woman with a history of insulin-treated gestational diabetes and hypothyroidism treated with levothyroxine presenting at 32 weeks of pregnancy with acute chest pain and coronary artery occlusion requiring angioplasty followed by cesarean delivery. The aim of this report is to outline the diagnostic difficulties of acute coronary syndromes during pregnancy and to present their treatment. CASE REPORT: A 23-year-old female patient at 32 weeks’ gestation treated for insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and hypothyroidism was admitted to the hospital due to acute chest pain. The ECG showed ST-segment elevation in leads I, aVL, and V4-V6 and elevated troponin T. Based on this, the patient was diagnosed with myocardial infarction and given low-molecular heparin, followed by primary coronary angioplasty with revascularization. After the procedure, she received dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with acetylsalicylic acid and clopidogrel. The pregnancy was terminated at 38 weeks by cesarean section, delivering a healthy baby. CONCLUSIONS: This report shows the importance of rapid and accurate diagnosis and management of acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy, and delivery by cesarean section, to ensure survival of the mother and the child. © Am J Case Rep, 2023.
Effect of Endometriosis on Obstetric Outcomes: A Tertiary Center Experience; Objective: The aim of this study is to compare the course of pregnancy in women with and without endometriosis for obstetric complications. Material and Methods: Patients applied to İstanbul University-Cerrahpasa were included in the case group, 49 patients in the control group, and evaluated retrospectively. Early and late pregnancy complications were recorded. P<0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: A decrease in the rate of spontaneous pregnancy and a significant increase in the IVF rate were observed in the endometriosis group (p<0.05). Gestational hypertension, placental abruption, placental adhesion anomalies, premature rupture of membranes, fetal growth restriction, threat of preterm birth and oligohydramnios there was no significant difference between the two groups (p>0.05). The rate of cesarean delivery was 55.1% in the control group and 61.0% in the endometriosis group (p>0.05). Postpartum uterine atony, bladder injury during cesarean section and requirement of postpartum blood transfusion seen in 6 (6.7%), 2(1.1%), and 1 (11.1%) patients respectively (p<0.05). Neonatal intensive care unit requirement was 39.0% and 24.4% in case and control group (p>0.05). Conclusion: Women with endometriosis are at higher risk for complications during pregnancy. The rates of miscarriage in the early gestational weeks, preeclampsia, placenta previa, gestational diabetes mellitus in the second and third trimesters, postpartum uterine atony, blood transfusion requirement, and surgical complications during cesarean section are higher in women with endometriosis. Copyright © 2023 by Türkiye Klinikleri.
Long-term outcomes and potential mechanisms of offspring exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia; Diabetes mellitus during pregnancy, which can be classified into pregestational diabetes and gestational diabetes, has become much more prevalent worldwide. Maternal diabetes fosters an intrauterine abnormal environment for fetus, which not only influences pregnancy outcomes, but also leads to fetal anomaly and development of diseases in later life, such as metabolic and cardiovascular diseases, neuropsychiatric outcomes, reproduction malformation, and immune dysfunction. The underlying mechanisms are comprehensive and ambiguous, which mainly focus on microbiota, inflammation, reactive oxygen species, cell viability, and epigenetics. This review concluded with the influence of intrauterine hyperglycemia on fetal structure development and organ function on later life and outlined potential mechanisms that underpin the development of diseases in adulthood. Maternal diabetes leaves an effect that continues generations after generations through gametes, thus more attention should be paid to the prevention and treatment of diabetes to rescue the pathological attacks of maternal diabetes from the offspring. Copyright © 2023 Yan, Feng, Yu, Tian, Zhou, Huang, Cai, Chen, Zhu and Jin.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: state of art; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a disease characterized by hyperglycemia, first established during pregnancy, while the concentration of venous plasma glucose should not exceed 6.9 mmol/l. As a rule, after childbirth, the disease regresses, but it does not pass without a trace for either the mother or the child. The consequences of gestational diabetes include an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases in the mother and type 2 diabetes, as well as diabetic fetopathy of the fetus and complications during pregnancy and childbirth: the threat of termination of pregnancy, premature birth, preeclampsia, polyhydramnios, high frequency of operative delivery and birth trauma. There is also a long-term risk of developing obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in a child. Gestational diabetes affects approximately 16.5% of pregnant women worldwide, an increase in the incidence is predicted due to an increase in the percentage of obese women. Gestational diabetes mellitus is a complication of gestation that is not easily diagnosed and poorly predicted, and therefore potentially threatening to any pregnancy, requiring, given the list of perinatal and long – term consequences for mother and child, pre-gravidar prevention, thorough diagnosis and mandatory treatment with permanent control of glycemia levels, ketonuria and instrumental monitoring: cardiotcography and ultrasound. A competent approach to pregnancy planning, the implementation of a screening program for GDM and timely correction in case of its detection is the key to the health of a woman and her unborn child. © 2023 Authors. All rights reserved.
The effect of intrapartum prolonged oxygen exposure on fetal metabolic status: secondary analysis from a randomized controlled trial; Objective: The aim of the study is to assess the effect of maternal prolonged oxygen exposure during labor on fetal acid–base status, fetal heart rate tracings, and umbilical cord arterial metabolites. Design: The study was conducted as a secondary analysis. Setting(s): The study was set in three tertiary teaching hospitals in Beijing, China. Participants: Approximately 140 women in the latent phase of labor with no complications participated in the study. Intervention: Participants were randomly allocated in a 1:1 ratio to receive either 10 L of oxygen per minute in a tight-fitting simple facemask until delivery or room air only. Main outcome measures: The primary outcome was the umbilical cord arterial lactate. Results: Baseline demographics and labor outcomes were similar between the oxygen and room air groups; the time from randomization to delivery was 322 ± 147 min. There were no differences between the two groups in the umbilical cord arterial lactate (mean difference 0.3 mmol/L, 95% confidence interval −0.2 to 0.9), the number of participants with high-risk category II fetal heart rate tracings (relative risk 0.94, 95% confidence interval 0.68 to 1.32), or the duration of those high-risk tracings (mean difference 3.6 min, 95% confidence interval −9.3 to 16.4). Prolonged oxygen exposure significantly altered 91 umbilical cord arterial metabolites, and these alterations did not appear to be related to oxidative stress. Conclusion: Maternal prolonged oxygen exposure during labor did not affect either the umbilical cord arterial lactate or high-risk category II fetal heart rate tracings but might result in alterations to the umbilical cord arterial metabolic profile. Clinical trial registration: www.clinicaltrials.gov, identifier NCT03764696. Copyright © 2023 Chuai, Dong, Liu, Jiang, Zhang, Chen, Chuai and Zhou.
Early Prediction of Gestational Diabetes with Parameter-Tuned K-Nearest Neighbor Classifier; Diabetes is one of the quickly spreading chronic diseases causing health complications, such as diabetes retinopathy, kidney failure, and cardiovascular disease. Recently, machine-learning techniques have been widely applied to develop a model for the early prediction of diabetes. Due to its simplicity and generalization capability, K-nearest neighbor (KNN) has been one of the widely employed machine learning techniques for diabetes prediction. Early diabetes prediction has a significant role in managing and preventing complications associated with diabetes, such as retinopathy, kidney failure, and cardiovascular disease. However, the prediction of diabetes in the early stage has remained challenging due to the accuracy and reliability of the KNN model. Thus, gird search hyperparameter optimization is employed to tune the K values of the KNN model to improve its effectiveness in predicting diabetes. The developed hyperparameter-tuned KNN model was tested on the diabetes dataset collected from the UCI machine learning data repository. The dataset contains 768 instances and 8 features. The study applied Min-max scaling to scale the data before fitting it to the KNN model. The result revealed KNN model performance improves when the hyperparameter is tuned. With hyperparameter tuning, the accuracy of KNN improves by 5.29% accuracy achieving 82.5% overall accuracy for predicting diabetes in the early stage. Therefore, the developed KNN model applied to clinical decision-making in predicting diabetes at an early stage. The early identification of diabetes could aid in early intervention, personalized treatment plans, or reducing healthcare costs reducing associated risks such as retinopathy, kidney disease, and cardiovascular disease. © 2023 Journal of Robotics and Control (JRC). All rights reserved.
Comparison of Carotis İntima Media Thicknesses İn Gestational Weeks 24-26 and 36-38 İn Pregnant Women With Gestational Diabetes; The aim of this study is to investigate the differences between carotid intima media thickness (CIMT) of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and healthy pregnant women. METHODS: In this prospective study, 30 patients diagnosed with GDM and 30 healthy pregnant women were included. Serum HDL, LDL, TG, HbA1C and CRP levels, body mass indexes (BMI), and CIMT were measured for all participants included in the study. Measurements were repeated at 36-38 weeks of gestation. The difference between the second and third trimester measurements of both groups was compared. Second trimester CIMT measurements of GDM and healthy pregnant women were 5.483 ± 0.825 mm and 4.866 ± 0.642 mm, respectively, and the difference between the measurements of the two groups was statistically significant. Third trimester CIMT measurements of GDM and healthy pregnant women were 5.516±0.748 mm and 4.983 ±0.724 mm, respectively, and the difference between the measurements of the two groups was statistically significant (p=0.016). The difference between the second and third trimester CIMT measurements of the patients in the GDM group was not statistically significant (p=0.326). The difference between the second and third trimester CIMT measurements of the patients in the control group was not statistically significant (p=0.09). GDM patients are at risk for atherosclerosis. In treated GDM patients, the increase in CIMT can be prevented. These findings may indicate that with early diagnosis and treatment of GDM, our patients can be protected from the atosclerotic consequences of hyperglycemia. © 2023, Yuzuncu Yil Universitesi Tip Fakultesi. All rights reserved.
The Value of Non-invasive Electrocardiography in Assessing Fetal Status at Term Delivery; Background: The electrocardiograph (ECG) is efficient method for the accurate assessment of fetal heart rate. The barriers for accurate assessment are maternal heart rate, uterine contractions and abdominal muscles. Although previous monitoring methods have struggled to overcome these barriers, recent advances have led to a greater degree of success for listening and recording pulse-by-pulse fetal heart rate. Objectives: A prospective cohort study evaluating the use, reliability and safety of non-invasive electrocardiography, in conjunction with Fetal Heart Rate parameters such as, Short Term Variability (STV) together with umbilical cord PH and Apgar score, during the active phase of childbirth. Methods: A total of 41 women with single, normal, full-term pregnancies had systematic obstetric monitoring with Monica AN24. 20 had only monitoring and 21 also had and arterial blood flow measurements. pH was measured and correlated with neonatal Apgar score at 1 and 5 min. The study also included a questionnaire about the safety and usability of obstetric monitoring. Statistical analysis was done using IBM SPSS v. 26.0. Results: Mean age was 28.8 years, (SD ± 6.153). Electrocardiogram recordings (ECG) were classified as normal (71%) and suspicious (29%). Baseline between ECGs was different (p = 0.025) similarly for Short term variability (STV) (p <0.0001). BMI did not differentiate SVT rates. Only high acceleration (p <0.029) and small slowdowns had a statistically significant difference between normal and suspected cardiographs (p <0.029). APGAR score did not differ, whereas the umbilical cord pH was different in normal ECGs compared to the suspect (p = 0.012) and STV was also differentiated. A usability and safety survey was conducted after recording with MONIKA AN24, and the response to whether they would accept recording with the device again, was positive for 96% of the 30 responders. Conclusion: The present study shows that the use of electrocardiography in obstetrics allows to draw conclusions about the fetal hematopoiesis and oxygenation status. This method could be clinically applied and be an important tool for further screening in embryos that may be hypoxic and to decide whether to continue with a vaginal or cesarean delivery, thereby achieving the goal of reducing perinatal morbidity and mortality. © 2023 Anatoli Theodoridou, Zoi Koukou, Eleftheria Taousani, Angeliki Antonakou, Kleanthi Gourounti.
New approaches in the diagnosis and prognosis of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common pregnancy metabolic disorder in which a person with no history of hyperglycemia exhibits any degree of impaired glucose tolerance during gestation. GDM can be resolved on its own after birth, but mothers with GDM are more at risk for future problems, such as type 2 diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular disease. In addition, GDM can cause macrosomia in infants and obesity or even the risk of diabetes in childhood. Standard diagnostic tests for GDM are the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and glucose challenge test (GCT), which is a mandatory test at 28-28 weeks of pregnancy in most countries. Disorders in various molecular mechanisms, such as hepatocyte growth factor (HGF), mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR), and nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-κB) signaling pathways are involved in GDM. Therefore, a better understanding of these mechanisms can help find new therapeutic and diagnostic strategies accordingly. In this review, we first deal with molecular mechanisms involved in GDM occurrence and then summarized the studies that hired this knowledge for early diagnosis and prognosis of GDM. Finally, we present the latest achievements in the diagnosis of GDM based on exosomes, microRNAs, glycosylated hemoglobin, and inflammatory factors detection in maternal circulation. © 2023 Verduci Editore s.r.l. All rights reserved.
Case report: Expanding the phenotype of FOXP1-related intellectual disability syndrome and hyperkinetic movement disorder in differential diagnosis with epileptic seizures; Objective: We aimed to report on previously unappreciated clinical features associated with FOXP1-related intellectual disability (ID) syndrome, a rare neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by global developmental delay, intellectual disability, and language delay, with or without autistic features. Methods: We performed whole-exome sequencing (WES) to molecularly characterize an individual presenting with ID, epilepsy, autism spectrum disorder, behavioral problems, and facial dysmorphisms as major features. Results: WES allowed us to identify a previously unreported de novo splice site variant, c.1429-1G>T (NM_032682.6), in the FOXP1 gene (OMIM*605515) as the causative event underlying the phenotype. Clinical reassessment of the patient and revision of the literature allowed us to refine the phenotype associated with FOXP1 haploinsufficiency, including hyperkinetic movement disorder and flat angiomas as associated features. Interestingly, the patient also has an asymmetric face and choanal atresia and a novel de novo variant of the CHD7 gene. Conclusion: We suggest that FOXP1-related ID syndrome may also predispose to the development of hyperkinetic movement disorders and flat angiomas. These features could therefore require specific management of this condition. Copyright © 2023 Cesaroni, Pollazzon, Mancini, Rizzi, Cappelletti, Pizzi, Frattini, Spagnoli, Caraffi, Zuntini, Trimarchi, Niceta, Radio, Tartaglia, Garavelli and Fusco.
Isolated Agnathia-Otocephaly Complex Diagnosed Prenatally for Ex-Utero Intrapartum Treatment: A Case Report; Objective: Background: Case Report: Conclusions: Congenital defects/diseases Agnathia-otocephaly complex (AOC) is a rare congenital malformation due to a first-branch arch disorder and has been considered lethal. However, milder variants of the isolated type of AOC have been reported as non-lethal. The ex-utero intrapartum treatment (EXIT) procedure is basically indicated for a fetus with a high risk of airway obstruction immediately after birth; it is not indicated for all AOC cases but is chosen to treat cases until the airway can be evaluated to achieve a better prognosis. A 37-year-old woman was referred with reported fetal facial deformity and polyhydramnios at 27 weeks of gestation. Our fetal ultrasound scans showed agnathia, microstomia, and synotia, but not holoprosencephaly. Isolated AOC was diagnosed prenatally. Magnetic resonance imaging and microbubble tests revealed delayed fetal lung maturation, although it was not completely unmatured. With patient agreement, an emergency cesarean section with EXIT was performed because of clinical chorioamnionitis at 35 weeks of gestation. Tracheostomy was attempted for 16 min during EXIT and was completed 4 min after delivery. Despite this, the neonate died 12 h after delivery from severe respiratory failure and a tension pneumothorax caused by a hypoplastic lung. There is controversy surrounding the non-lethality of all isolated AOC cases and the non-contraindication of EXIT procedures. Our case was estimated as the milder variant, and the EXIT procedure was indicated; however, the neonate died of the hypoplastic lung. The evaluation methods of lung maturation are inconsistent, and the indication of the invasive EXIT procedure must be carefully considered. © Am J Case Rep, 2023.
Delayed versus immediate cord clamping in dichorionic twins <32 weeks: a retrospective study; Objectives: Strong evidence imply that delayed cord clamping (DCC) provides significant benefits for singleton neonates. However, there is little information about the safety or efficacy of DCC in twins to recommend for or against DCC in twins in guidelines. We aimed to determine the effect of DCC on dichorionic twins born at <32 weeks of gestation. Study design: This is a retrospective cohort study comparing the neonatal and maternal outcomes of immediate cord clamping (ICC) [<15 second (s)] versus DCC (at 60 s). Generalized estimating equations models were performed accounting for twin correlation. Results: A total of 82 pairs of twins (DCC: 41; ICC: 41) were included in analysis. The primary outcome of death before discharge occurred in 3.66% of twins in the DCC group and 7.32% in the ICC group, without a significant difference between the groups. Compared to ICC group, DCC was associated with increased hemoglobin levels [β1 coefficient 6.51; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.69–12.32. β2 coefficient 5.80; 95% CI 0.07–11.54] at 12–24 h of life. There were no significant differences between the groups in neonatal death, neonatal major morbidities and maternal bleeding complications, although DCC was associated with higher estimated maternal blood loss in the cesarean section group (p =.005). Conclusions: DCC for 60 s in dichorionic twins born at <32 weeks of gestation was associated with increased neonatal hemoglobin levels, when compared with ICC. The finding of a higher estimated maternal blood loss by cesarean section in the DCC group calls for further trials to assess maternal safety of this procedure in this patient population. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Consensus document of the Spanish Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology (SEGO) and the Spanish Interdisciplinary Committee for Vascular Prevention (CEIPV). Opportunity window: vascular risk prevention in women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes and risk of vascular disease.; This document summarises the evidence regarding the association between adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), such as hypertensive disorders, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, fetal growth defects (small for gestational age and/or fetal growth restriction), placental abruption, fetal loss, and the risk that a pregnant individual in developing vascular risk factors (VR) that may lead to future vascular disease (VD): coronary heart disease, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, and heart failure. Furthermore, this document emphasises the importance of recognising APOs when assessing VR in women. A history of APOs serves as a sufficient indicator for primary prevention of VD. In fact, adopting a healthy diet and increasing physical activity among women with APOs, starting during pregnancy and/or postpartum, and maintaining it throughout life are significant interventions that can reduce VR. On the other hand, breastfeeding can also reduce the future VR of women, including a lower risk of mortality. Future studies evaluating the use of aspirin, statins, and metformin, among others, in women with a history of APOs could strengthen recommendations regarding pharmacotherapy for primary prevention of VD in these patients. Various healthcare system options exist to improve the transition of care for women with APOs between different healthcare professionals and implement long-term VR reduction strategies. One potential process could involve incorporating the fourth-trimester concept into clinical recommendations and healthcare policies. © 2023 Ministerio de Sanidad y Consumo. All rights reserved.
Irisin: A myokine with therapeutic and diagnostic potential in clinical dentistry; Irisin is a novel adipomyokine which has extensive systemic and local effects in different tissues of the body. The scientific interest in understanding the physiological roles of irisin in the body has increased tremendously in the past few years due to its vast therapeutic potential in different fields of medicine. The current narrative review was planned to describe the molecular mechanisms by which irisin regulates oral hard and soft tissues. The information gleaned provided useful insights for future researchers to investigate newly discovered roles of irisin in craniofacial health and disease, and to explore the potential of irisin as a promising therapeutic and diagnostic agent in clinical dentistry. © 2023 Pakistan Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Cardiometabolic Risk, Peripheral Arterial Disease and Cardiovascular Events in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Time to Implement Systematic Screening and Update the Management; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a highly prevalent endocrine disorder in women of reproductive age. It presents with gynaecologic, metabolic, and psychologic manifestations. The dominant drivers of pathophysiology are hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance. Both conditions are related to cardiometabolic risk factors, such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, hyperglycaemia, type 2 and gestational diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and obstructive sleep apnoea. Women with PCOS of reproductive age consistently demonstrated an elevated risk of subclinical atherosclerosis, as indicated by different measurement methods, while findings for menopausal age groups exhibited mixed results. Translation of subclinical atherosclerosis into the increased incidence of peripheral arterial disease and major cardiovascular (CV) events is less clear. Although several expert groups have advised screening, the CV risk assessment and prevention of CV events are frequently underdiagnosed and overlooked aspects of the management of PCOS. A combination of lifestyle management and pharmacotherapy, including the promising new era of anti-obesity medicine, can lead to improvements in cardiometabolic health. © 2023, Bentham Science Publishers. All rights reserved.
The role of the thyroid in polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine and metabolic disease in women of childbearing age and can cause metabolic disorder, infertility, and increased anxiety and depression; as a result, it can seriously affect the physical and mental health of fertile women. PCOS is a highly clinically heterogeneous disease with unclear etiology and pathogenesis, which increases the difficulty of treatment. The thyroid gland has complex regulatory effects on metabolism, reproduction, and emotion, and produces hormones that act on almost all cells of the human body. The clinical manifestations of PCOS are similar to some thyroid diseases. Furthermore, some thyroid diseases, such as subclinical hypothyroidism (SCH), not only increase the incidence rate of PCOS, but also exacerbate its associated metabolic abnormalities and reproductive disorders. Interestingly, PCOS also increases the incidence of some thyroid diseases. However, the role of the thyroid in PCOS remains unclear. This review is intended to thoroughly explore the critical role of the thyroid in PCOS by summarizing the comorbidity of PCOS and thyroid diseases and their combined role in metabolic disorders, related metabolic diseases, and reproductive disorders; and by analyzing the potential mechanism through which the thyroid influences the development and progression of PCOS and its symptoms. We hope this review will provide a valuable reference for the role of the thyroid in PCOS. Copyright © 2023 Fan, Ren, Sheng, Deng and Li.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Its Implications across the Life Span; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has historically been perceived as a medical complication of pregnancy that also serves as a harbinger of maternal risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in the future. In recent decades, a growing body of evidence has detailed additional lifelong implications that extend beyond T2DM, including an elevated risk of ultimately developing cardiovascular disease. Furthermore, the risk factors that mediate this lifetime cardiovascular risk are evident not only after delivery but are present even before the pregnancy in which GDM is first diagnosed. The concept thus emerging from these data is that the diagnosis of GDM enables the identification of women who are already on an enhanced track of cardiometabolic risk that starts early in life. Studies of the offspring of pregnancies complicated by diabetes now suggest that the earliest underpinnings of this cardiometabolic risk profile may be determined in utero and may first manifest clinically in childhood. Accordingly, from this perspective, GDM is now seen as a chronic metabolic disorder that holds implications across the life span of both mother and child. Copyright © 2023 Korean Diabetes Association.
Pathophysiological impact of CXC and CX3CL1 chemokines in preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus; Diabetes-related pathophysiological alterations and various female reproductive difficulties were common in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), who had 21.1 million live births. Preeclampsia (PE), which increases maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality, affects approximately 3%–5% of pregnancies worldwide. Nevertheless, it is unclear what triggers PE and GDM to develop. Therefore, the development of novel moderator therapy approaches is a crucial advancement. Chemokines regulate physiological defenses and maternal-fetal interaction during healthy and disturbed pregnancies. Chemokines regulate immunity, stem cell trafficking, anti-angiogenesis, and cell attraction. CXC chemokines are usually inflammatory and contribute to numerous reproductive disorders. Fractalkine (CX3CL1) may be membrane-bound or soluble. CX3CL1 aids cell survival during homeostasis and inflammation. Evidence reveals that CXC and CX3CL1 chemokines and their receptors have been the focus of therapeutic discoveries for clinical intervention due to their considerable participation in numerous biological processes. This review aims to give an overview of the functions of CXC and CX3CL1 chemokines and their receptors in the pathophysiology of PE and GDM. Finally, we examined stimulus specificity for CXC and CX3CL1 chemokine expression and synthesis in PE and GDM and preclinical and clinical trials of CXC-based PE and GDM therapies. Copyright © 2023 Ullah, Zhao, Singla and Shen.
Effects of novel coronavirus Omicron variant infection on pregnancy outcomes: a retrospective cohort study from Guangzhou; Objective: Since 2022, Omicron has been circulating in China as a major variant of the novel coronavirus, but the effects of infection with Omicron variants on pregnant women and newborns are unknown. The purpose of this study was to determine the clinical characteristics of Omicron infection during pregnancy and its effect on pregnancy outcomes. Methods: This study retrospectively analyzed the data of 93 confirmed cases of novel coronavirus infection and 109 non-infected patients admitted to the isolation ward of Guangdong Maternal and Child Health Hospital from December 1, 2022 to January 31, 2023, and statistically analyzed the clinical features of Omicron variant infection during pregnancy and its impact on pregnancy outcomes. Further effects of underlying diseases on Omicron infection in pregnant women were analyzed. Results: The incubation period of COVID-19 infection was 0.99±0.86 days, 94.38% of patients had fever or other respiratory symptoms, the lymphocyte count in the infected group was lower than that in the uninfected group, and the lymphocyte count was further reduced in the patients with pregnancy complications or complications. Compared with the uninfected group, APTT and PT were prolonged, platelet count and fibrinogen were decreased in the infected group, all of which had statistical significance. COVID-19 infection during pregnancy increased the rate of cesarean section compared to uninfected pregnant patients, and COVID-19 infection in gestational diabetes resulted in a 4.19-fold increase in cesarean section rate. There was no statistically significant difference in gestational age between the two groups. The incidence of intrauterine distress, turbidity of amniotic fluid and neonatal respiratory distress were higher in the infection group. No positive cases of neonatal COVID-19 infection have been found. Conclusion: The patients infected with omicron during pregnancy often have febrile respiratory symptoms with lymphocyopenia, but the incidence of severe disease is low. Both Omicron infection and gestational diabetes further increase the incidence of cesarean section, and this study found no evidence of vertical transmission of Omicron. Copyright © 2023 Chen, Huang, Zhang, Cai, Hou, Luo and Lin.
Prevalence and Missed Cases of Respiratory Distress Syndrome Disease Amongst Neonatal Deaths Enrolled in the Kenya Child Health and Mortality Prevention Surveillance Network (CHAMPS) Program Between 2017 and 2021; Objectives. To describe RDS in neonatal deaths at the CHAMPS-Kenya site between 2017 and 2021. Methods. We included 165 neonatal deaths whose their Causes of death (COD) were determined by a panel of experts using data from post-mortem conducted through minimally invasive tissue specimen testing, clinical records, and verbal autopsy. Results. Twenty-six percent (43/165) of neonatal deaths were attributable to RDS. Most cases occurred in low birthweight and preterm neonates. From these cases, less than half of the hospitalizations were diagnosed with RDS before death, and essential diagnostic tests were not performed in most cases. Most cases received suboptimal levels of supplemental oxygen, and critical interventions like surfactant replacement therapy and mechanical ventilation were not adequately utilized when available. Conclusion. The study highlights the urgent need for improved diagnosis and management of RDS, emphasizing the importance of increasing clinical suspicion and enhancing training in its clinical management to reduce mortality rates. © The Author(s) 2023.
Identifying Candidate Reference Chemicals for In Vitro Testing of the Retinoid Pathway for Predictive Developmental Toxicity; Evaluating chemicals for potential in vivo toxicity based on their in vitro bioactivity profile is an important step toward animal-free testing. A compendium of reference chemicals and data describing their bioactivity on specific molecular targets, cellular pathways, and biological processes is needed to bolster confidence in the predictive value of in vitro hazard detection. Endogenous signaling by all-trans retinoic acid (ATRA) is an important pathway in developmental processes and toxicities. Employing data extraction methods and advanced literature extraction tools, we assembled a set of candidate reference chemicals with demonstrated activity on ten protein family targets in the retinoid system. The compendium was culled from Protein Data Bank, ChEMBL, ToxCast/Tox21, and the biomedical literature in PubMed. Finally, we performed a case study on one chemical in our collection, citral, an inhibitor of endogenous ATRA production, to determine whether the literature supports an adverse outcome pathway explaining the compound’s developmental toxicity initiated by disruption of the retinoid pathway. We also deliver an updated Abstract Sifter tool populated with these reference compounds and complex search terms designed to query the literature for the downstream consequences to support concordance with targeted retinoid pathway disruption. © The Authors, 2023.
A mouse model of gestational diabetes shows dysregulated lipid metabolism post-weaning, after return to euglycaemia; Background: Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease for the mother in the decade after delivery. However, the molecular mechanisms that drive these effects are unknown. Recent studies in humans have shown that lipid metabolism is dysregulated before diagnosis of and during gestational diabetes and we have shown previously that lipid metabolism is also altered in obese female mice before, during and after pregnancy. These observations led us to the hypothesis that this persistent dysregulation reflects an altered control of lipid distribution throughout the organism. Methods: We tested this in post-weaning (PW) dams using our established mouse model of obese GDM (high fat, high sugar, obesogenic diet) and an updated purpose-built computational tool for plotting the distribution of lipid variables throughout the maternal system (Lipid Traffic Analysis v2.3). Results: This network analysis showed that unlike hyperglycaemia, lipid distribution and traffic do not return to normal after pregnancy in obese mouse dams. A greater range of phosphatidylcholines was found throughout the lean compared to obese post-weaning dams. A range of triglycerides that were found in the hearts of lean post-weaning dams were only found in the livers of obese post-weaning dams and the abundance of odd-chain FA-containing lipids differed locally in the two groups. We have therefore shown that the control of lipid distribution changed for several metabolic pathways, with evidence for changes to the regulation of phospholipid biosynthesis and FA distribution, in a number of tissues. Conclusions: We conclude that the control of lipid metabolism is altered following an obese pregnancy. These results support the hypothesis that obese dams that developed GDM maintain dysregulated lipid metabolism after pregnancy even when glycaemia returned to normal, and that these alterations could contribute to the increased risk of later type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. © 2022, The Author(s).
Morbidity and Mortality in Late Preterm Newborns Followed in a Neonatal Intensive Care Unit; Background: Neonates born between 340/7-366/7 gestational weeks are considered late preterms with fewer risks, compared to smaller babies and more risks for morbidity and mortality than their term peers. The present study aimed to analyze maternal problems, as well as morbidity and mortality of late preterms followed in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. Methods: A total of 230 neonates' files were analyzed, and demographic characteristics, respiratory, as well as metabolic and maternal problems, were recorded in this study. Results: Out of 230 neonates, 166 (72, 2%) and 129 (56,1%) newborns were inborn and male, respectively. Moreover, 23 (10%) neonates were born through vaginal delivery. The mean birth weight of the neonates was estimated at 2532.1±540.3 gr. In total, 66, 71, and 93 infants were 34 0/7 and 34 6/7, 35 0/7-356/7, as well as 36 0/7-36 6/7, respectively. The premature rupture of membranes, placenta previa, ablatio placenta were obtained at 9.1% (n=21), 2.2% (n=5), and 3.5% (n=8), respectively. In addition, preeclampsia (n=24; 10.4%), cholestasis of pregnancy (n=7; 3%), oligohydramnios (n=26; 11.3%), and gestational diabetes mellitus (n=27; 11.7%) were observed in this study. The rates of transient tachypnea of the newborn, respiratory distress syndrome, polycythemia, hypoglycemia, indirect hyperbilirubinemia with intensive phototherapy, and feeding intolerance was estimated at 72.2% (n=166), 7.8% (n=18), 5.6% (n=13), 6.1% (n=14), 4.3% (n=10), and 8.7% (n=20), respectively. Any maternal problems and cholestasis of pregnancy were significantly more likely in 340/7 and 346/7 gestational weeks, compared to others (for any maternal problem and cholestasis of pregnancy: P=0.009 and P=0.012, respectively). Conclusion: Evaluation of the late preterms as terms may lead to neglecting some problems. Therefore, late preterms should be closely monitored, especially for respiratory problems in terms of intensive care requirements. © 2022 Mashhad University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Roles of osteoprotegerin in endocrine and metabolic disorders through receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand/receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B signaling; Endocrine and metabolic diseases show increasing incidence and high treatment costs worldwide. Due to the complexity of their etiology and mechanism, therapeutic strategies are still lacking. Osteoprotegerin (OPG), a member of the tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily, appears to be a potential candidate for the treatment of these diseases. Studies based on clinical analysis and rodent animal models reveal the roles of OPG in various endocrine and metabolic processes or disorders, such as bone remodeling, vascular calcification, and β-cell proliferation, through the receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL) and the receptor activator of NF-κB (RANK). Thus, in this review, we mainly focus on relevant diseases, including osteoporosis, cardiovascular disease (CVD), diabetes, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), to summarize the effects of the RANKL/RANK/OPG system in endocrine and metabolic tissues and diseases, thereby providing a comprehensive insight into OPG as a potential drug for endocrine and metabolic diseases. Copyright © 2022 Zhang, Zeng, Jiang, Han and Huang.
Maternal Weight Gain during Pregnancy and the Developing Autonomic Nervous System—Possible Impact of GDM; Objective: The intrauterine environment is known to affect the offspring’s long-term risk for obesity and diabetes. Previous data show that maternal metabolism and gestational weight gain (GWG) are associated with fetal autonomic nervous system (ANS) function, which can be assessed with heart rate variability (HRV). We investigated whether this association is also present in 2-year-old children and addressed the impact of gestational diabetes (GDM). Research design and methods: We examined the 2-year-old offspring of mothers who had undergone a 5-point, 75 g oral glucose tolerance test during pregnancy. To assess HRV, a 10-minute ECG was recorded, and time domain and frequency domain parameters were analyzed. Body composition was assessed using bioelectrical impedance testing. Results: We examined 67 children (33 girls, 34 boys), 30 of whom were born to mothers with treated GDM and normoglycemic pregnancies (NGT), respectively. No differences were found between the groups with regard to birth weight, weight at the age of 2 years, and body fat content. We observed that GWG was associated with heart rate and HRV, indicating that children of mothers with low GWG had a lower parasympathetic tone. This association was detected in NGT-exposed—but not in GDM-exposed—children. HR and HRV correlated with body fat and fat-free mass in children from normoglycemic pregnancies only. Conclusion: We found that the impact of maternal GWG on offspring ANS function was missing in the presence of treated GDM. The balance of the ANS was related to offspring body composition in children from NGT pregnancies only. Our results suggest that maternal weight gain during pregnancy has a critical impact on the developing ANS, which might be disturbed in the presence of GDM. © 2022 by the authors.
Association of Concomitant Gestational Hypertensive Disorders and Gestational Diabetes with Cardiovascular Disease; Importance: Accruing evidence suggests that gestational hypertensive disorders (GHTD) and gestational diabetes (GD) are each associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the extent to which the co-occurrence of GHTD and GD is associated with the risk of CVD remains largely unknown. Objective: To estimate the individual and joint associations of GHTD and GD with incident CVD. Design, Setting, and Participants: This population-based cohort study used the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care of Ontario (Canada) health care administrative databases. All women in Ontario with a GHTD and/or GD diagnosis, and a live-birth singleton delivery between July 1, 2007, and March 31, 2018, were considered for inclusion. Women with pregravid diabetes, hypertension, or cardiovascular disease were excluded. Statistical analysis was performed from November 2021 to September 2022. Exposures: GD and/or GHTD, defined using diagnosis coding. Main Outcomes and Measures: Individual and joint associations of GHTD and GD with incident CVD (including a composite of myocardial infarction, acute coronary syndrome, stroke, coronary artery bypass grafting, percutaneous coronary intervention, or carotid endarterectomy), estimated using Cox regression models, adjusting for relevant cardiometabolic risk factors. The follow-up extended from the index pregnancy until March 31, 2020. Results: Among 886295 eligible women (mean [SD] age, 30 [5.6] years; 43861 [4.9%] with isolated GHTD, 54061 [6.1%] with isolated GD, and 4975 [0.6%] with GHTD and GD), there were 1999 CVD events over 12 years of follow-up. In the early postpartum phase (first 5 years post partum), there was no association of co-occurrence of GTHD and GD (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR], 1.42, 95% CI, 0.78-2.58) or GD alone (aHR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.60-1.06) with CVD; there was an association between isolated GTHD and incident CVD compared with no GTHD and no GD (aHR, 1.90; 95% CI, 1.51-2.35). In the late postpartum period (after the initial 5 years post partum), compared with no GD and no GHTD, isolated GHTD (aHR, 1.41, 95% CI, 1.12-1.76) and co-occurrence of GHTD and GD (aHR, 2.43, 95% CI, 1.60-3.67) were each associated with a higher risk of incident CVD. There was no association between isolated GD and incident CVD. Conclusions and Relevance: In this cohort study, GHTD was associated with a high risk of CVD post partum, and the co-occurrence of GD and GHTD was associated with a much greater postpartum CVD risk. These findings suggest that CVD preventive care is particularly needed in the aftermath of combined GD and GHTD.. © 2022 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Successful Management of Maternal Left Atrial Myxoma in Pregnancy; A 29-year-old woman (gravida 3, para 2) presented at 28 weeks+2 days of gestation with a two-months history of dyspnea associated with orthopnea and occasional palpitations. On transthoracic echocardiography, she was diagnosed with a 3.2 × 2.7 cm left atrial myxoma. The patient underwent open surgical resection at 30 weeks of gestation. She had an uneventful postoperative recovery and was discharged on the ninth day. At 41 weeks of gestation, she gave birth by cesarean to a healthy baby of normal weight. Both the mother and the baby were discharged in stable condition. © 2023, Oman Medical Specialty Board. All rights reserved.
Can Twitter posts serve as early indicators for potential safety signals? A retrospective analysis; BACKGROUND: As Twitter has gained significant popularity, tweets can serve as large pool of readily available data to estimate the adverse events (AEs) of medications. OBJECTIVE: This study evaluated whether tweets were an early indicator for potential safety warnings. Additionally, the trend of AEs posted on Twitter was compared with AEs from the Yellow Card system in the United Kingdom. METHODS: English Tweets for 35 drug-event pairs for the period 2017-2019, two years prior to the date of EMA Pharmacovigilance Risk Assessment Committee (PRAC) meeting, were collected. Both signal and non-signal AEs were manually identified and encoded using the MedDRA dictionary. AEs from Yellow Card were also gathered for the same period. Descriptive and inferential statistical analysis was conducted using Fisher's exact test to assess the distribution and proportion of AEs from the two data sources. RESULTS: Of the total 61,661 English tweets, 1,411 had negative or neutral sentiment and mention of at least one AE. Tweets for 15 out of the 35 drugs (42.9%) contained AEs associated with the signals. On pooling data from Twitter and Yellow Card, 24 out of 35 drug-event pairs (68.6%) were identified prior to the respective PRAC meetings. Both data sources showed similar distribution of AEs based on seriousness, however, the distribution based on labelling was divergent. CONCLUSION: Twitter cannot be used in isolation for signal detection in current pharmacovigilance (PV) systems. However, it can be used in combination with traditional PV systems for early signal detection, as it can provide a holistic drug safety profile.  © 2023-IOS Press. All rights reserved.
The obstetric aspects of maternal asthma; Asthma is the commonest chronic medical condition encountered in pregnancy. Poor asthma control and exacerbations are frequently encountered due to treatment non-adherence, pregnancy-related aggravating factors such as increased susceptibility to viral infections, and comorbidities that are commonly associated. Asthma-related inflammatory reactions and placental effects, the effect of medications, and respiratory symptoms and hypoxia are probably to interact to result in an increased adverse obstetric outcomes including miscarriage, foetal congenital anomalies, pregnancy hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, preterm labour and birth, antepartum haemorrhage, low birthweight and foetal growth restriction (FGR), caesarean delivery, postpartum haemorrhage (PPH), maternal intensive care admission, and even mortality, while the offspring also has increased long-term morbidity. Interdisciplinary management with frequent assessment by symptoms, spirometry, and biomarkers, together with removal of risk factors such as smoking and appropriate instigation of treatment including short courses of systemic corticosteroid, could ensure optimal and tailored treatment to control symptoms, prevent exacerbations, and ultimately enhancing maternal and perinatal outcomes. © 2022
An Evidence-Based Review of Diabetes Care: History, Types, Relationship to Cancer and Heart Disease, Co-Morbid Factors, and Preventive Measures; Diabetes is characterized by hyperglycemia due to the decreased and inadequate levels of insulin in the body, resistance to the effects of insulin, or a combination of both. There are three types of diabetes. However, Type 2 disease is the most common, followed by Type 1 and gestational diabetes. Most common factors responsible for diabetes are obesity or being over-weight, impaired glucose tolerance, insulin resistance, ethnic background, sedentary lifestyle, and family history. Because of the increased longevity, it is becoming a disease of the elderly, thus contributing to the complexity of managing it in the ageing population. Diabetes also has implications for cancer and heart disease. Some studies have shown increased cancer risk in pre-diabetic and diabetic individuals. A recent major study draws firm conclusion that diabetes promotes a person’s risk of developing different types of cancer. The occurrence and mortality of cancer types, e.g., pancreas, liver, colorectal, breast, endometrial, and bladder cancers, may pro-duce a modest rise in diabetics. Women with diabetes are 27% likelier to develop cancer compared to healthy women. On the other hand, only 19% more men with diabetes are likely to develop cancer when compared to healthy men. Preventive measures such as proper diet, physical activity, weight management, smoking cessation, and controlling obesity may improve Type 2 diabetes (T2D) outcomes and some forms of cancer. Developing awareness of the genetic association relationship between T2D and coronary heart disease has begun to provide the potential for better prevention and treatment of both disorders. Significant preventive measures for diabetes include-the consumption of nutrients such as vitamin D, nuts, minerals chromium and mag-nesium, controlling weight, hypertension, plant foods, and a Mediterranean plant-based diet along with increased exercise. © 2023 Bentham Science Publishers.
Randomised clinical trial using Coronary Artery Calcium Scoring in Australian Women with Novel Cardiovascular Risk Factors (CAC-WOMEN Trial): Study protocol; Introduction Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women around the world. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women (Australian Indigenous women) have a high burden of CVD, occurring on average 10-20 years earlier than non-Indigenous women. Traditional risk prediction tools (eg, Framingham) underpredict CVD risk in women and Indigenous people and do not consider female-specific € risk-enhancers' such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and premature menopause. A CT coronary artery calcium score ( € CT-calcium score') can detect calcified atherosclerotic plaque well before the onset of symptoms, being the single best predictor for future cardiac events. A CT-calcium score may therefore help physicians intensify medical therapy in women with risk-enhancing factors. Methods and analysis This multisite, single-blind randomised (1:1) controlled trial of 700 women will assess the effectiveness of a CT-calcium score-guided approach on cardiovascular risk factor control and healthy lifestyle adherence, compared with standard care. Women without CVD aged 40-65 (35-65 for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women) at low-intermediate risk on standard risk calculators and with at least one risk-enhancing factor (eg, HDP, GDM, premature menopause) will be recruited. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women will be actively recruited, aiming for ∼10% of the sample size. The 6-month coprimary outcomes will be low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and systolic blood pressure. Barriers and enablers will be assessed, and a health economic analysis performed. Ethics and dissemination Western Sydney Local Health District Research Ethics Committee (HREC 2021/ETH11250) provided ethics approval. Written informed consent will be obtained before randomisation. Consent will be sought for access to individual participant Medicare Benefits Schedule, Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme claims usage through Medicare Australia and linked Admitted Patient Data Collection. Study results will be disseminated via peer-reviewed publications and presentations at national and international conferences. Trial registration number ACTRN12621001738819p. © 2022 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Subcutaneous fat necrosis in newborns: a systematic literature review of case reports and model of pathophysiology; Background: Subcutaneous fat necrosis of the newborn (SCFN) is a rare disease occurring in the first days of life. Characteristically, the infants show hard nodules in subcutaneous tissue, purple or erythematous in color and appear on the upper back, cheeks, buttocks and limbs. In most cases, SCFN is a self-limiting disease, as the nodules disappear in up to 6 months. A severe complication associated with SCFN is hypercalcaemia. Pathophysiological mechanisms causing SCFN or associated hypercalcaemia are not fully understood yet. Methods: A systematic literature research including the six biggest databases for medical research has been used to identify all published case reports of SCFN. N = 206 publications has been identified containing n = 320 case reports. All cases have been classified into four subgroups (depending on reported serum-calcium-level): hypercalcaemia, normocalcaemia, hypocalcaemia or no information given. Reported maternal factors, birth characteristics, details about SCFN, diagnostics, therapy and long-term observations have been extracted from publications. Results: This is the first systematic literature research that summed up all published cases of SCFN from 1948 up to 2018. Information about serum calcium level was given in 64.3% of the cases. From those, the majority showed hypercalcaemia (70.5%) (normocalcaemia 25.1%, hypocalcemia 4.3%). 89.3% of newborns with hypercalcaemia showed suppressed levels of the parathormone. Maternal gestational diabetes, maternal hypertensive diseases during pregnancy, macrosomia (> 4000g), asphyxia and therapeutic hypothermia are risk factors for SCFN. Histological findings showed a granulomatous inflammation in 98% of cases. Conclusion: We identified that maternal, birth characteristics and therapeutic measures are probably risk factors for SCFN. These risk factors should be taken into account within the care of neonates. © 2022, The Author(s).
Current Practice and Controversies in Screening for Gestational Diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with fetal and maternal complica-tions, and the prevalence has been increasing over the past decades. Hence, it is imperative to effectively screen, manage and monitor patients with GDM, but there continues to be a lack of consensus on optimal screening for GDM internationally. In this review, we discuss the current screening methods for GDM, some of which are controversial and vary across several different healthcare systems. We also discuss the changes adapted to these guidelines during the COVID-19 pandemic and review novel approaches to the screening of GDM. © 2023 Bentham Science Publishers.
Effect of hyperglycemia on tbx5a and nppa gene expression and its correlation to structural and functional changes in developing zebrafish heart; The objective of the current study is to analyze the effects of gestational diabetes on structural and functional changes in correlation with these two essential regulators of developing hearts in vivo using zebrafish embryos. We employed fertilized zebrafish embryos exposed to a hyperglycemic condition of 25 mM glucose for 96 h postfertilization. The embryos were subjected to various structural and functional analyses in a time-course manner. The data showed that exposure to high glucose significantly affected the embryo's size, heart length, heart rate, and looping of the heart compared to the control. Further, we observed an increased incidence of ventricular standstill and valvular regurgitation with a marked reduction of peripheral blood flow in the high glucose-exposed group compared to the control. In addition, the histological data showed that the high-glucose exposure markedly reduced the thickness of the wall and the number of cardiomyocytes in both atrium and ventricles. We also observed striking alterations in the pericardium like edema, increase in diameter with thinning of the wall compared to the control group. Interestingly, the expression of tbx5a and nppa was increased in the early development and found to be repressed in the later stage of development in the hyperglycemic group compared to the control. In conclusion, the developing heart is more susceptible to hyperglycemia in the womb, thereby showing various developmental defects possibly by altering the expression of crucial gene regulators such as tbx5a and nppa. © 2022 International Federation for Cell Biology.
Traumatic brain injury during pregnancy is associated with increased rate of cesarean section: a nationwide multi-register study in Finland; Objective: The literature on the incidence of traumatic brain injury (TBI) during pregnancy is lacking. Furthermore, only studies with small sample size have analyzed the impact of TBI during pregnancy to maternal and fetal outcomes. Thus, we aim to report the incidence of TBIs during pregnancy and study the pregnancy outcomes using nationwide high-quality registers. Methods: This nationwide retrospective register-based matched cohort study utilized two national registers. All fertile-aged (15–49 years) women with a TBI hospitalization period during pregnancy were retrieved the Care Register for Health Care. Data were then linked with the data from the National Medical Birth Register (MBR). Propensity score matching was conducted according to maternal age during pregnancy, previous cesarean section (CS), maternal smoking status, maternal body mass index, and maternal gestational diabetes. The matching was conducted using the nearest neighbor methods with a caliber width if 0.15, and with a ratio 1:3 (patients/references). Adverse maternal and fetal outcomes were compared between patient group and reference group using Chi-squared tests. Results: A total of 392 women having a TBI during pregnancy were found. The control group consisted of 722,497 women without TBI during pregnancy. Of the TBIs occurring during pregnancy, the most common types of TBIs were concussion (S06.0) (n = 359, 91.6%), diffuse traumatic brain injury (S06.2) (n = 11, 2.8%), traumatic subdural hemorrhage (n = 7, 1.8%), and unspecified intracranial injury S06.9 (n = 6, 1.5%). The incidence rates of pregnancies with a TBI have remained similar during pregnancy in Finland, peaking at 0.8 per 1000 pregnancies in 2016. The Chi-squared test showed higher rate for CS among women with TBI than for their matched references (21.4% vs. 15.5%, p = .008). Especially, women with TBI during 3rd trimester had higher rate for CS (29.0 vs. 15.0%, p = .016). Conclusions: The main findings of this study were that the incidence rates for TBI during pregnancy have remained similar during our study period (2004–2018). TBI during pregnancy, even a mild one, is associated with an increased rate for CS. Especially, TBI during the 3rd trimester was associated with high rate for CS, but the etiology behind this remains unknown. In addition, we found no evidence of difference in fetal outcomes, such as preterm birth, low birth weight, or need for intensive care unit. Future studies should focus on the indications for elective CS, and reasons for unplanned CS among women with TBI during pregnancy, as these could possibly provide important information on the effects of TBI on the course of childbirth. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Mediating effect of vascular risk factors underlying the link between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease; Background: Women with gestational diabetes (GDM) have an elevated lifetime incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD), but the basis of this excess risk remains to be established. In this context, we hypothesized that chronic exposure to adverse cardiovascular risk factors may contribute to their elevated risk of CVD. We thus sought to quantify the determinants of CVD risk in women with a history of GDM by performing mediation analyses. Methods: Women in Ontario, Canada, with a live-birth pregnancy between Jan 1998 and Dec 2017 (n=757,541) were followed for a median of 13.2 years and stratified into the following 4 groups: women with GDM who developed CVD (GDM+/CVD+); women without GDM who developed CVD (GDM−/CVD+); those with GDM but no CVD (GDM+/CVD−); and those with neither GDM nor CVD (GDM−/CVD−). Lipids (total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, triglycerides) and glycemic variables (A1c, fasting glucose) were measured between 4.3±3.0 and 4.8±3.4 times over follow-up. Results: On successive measurements at a median of 4.8, 7.1, and 8.7 years postpartum, respectively, each lipid and glycemic measure progressively worsened from GDM−/CVD− to GDM+/CVD− to GDM−/CVD+ to GDM+/CVD+ (all p<0.0001). At each point in time, each of the lipid and glycemic measures was significantly worse in GDM+/CVD+ compared to GDM+/CVD− (all p<0.001). Moreover, among women who did not develop CVD, all lipid and glycemic measures were significantly worse in those with previous GDM (all p<0.001 for GDM+/CVD− vs GDM−/CVD−). Mediation analyses revealed that the dominant determinants of CVD risk in women with GDM were A1c (56.0% mediation, 95%CI 47.4–67.8) and fasting glucose (47.4%, 38.8–60.8), followed by HDL (25.2%, 21.3–30.7) and triglycerides (12.1%, 9.7–15.6). Upon exclusion of those who developed diabetes during follow-up, the key determinants were HDL (40.8%), fasting glucose (37.7%), A1c (28.6%), triglycerides (21.0%), and LDL (9.9%). Conclusions: Adverse glycemic and lipid measures mediate the elevated risk of CVD in women with previous GDM, with the impact of lipids particularly evident in those who do not develop diabetes. These findings thus identify potential targets for risk factor monitoring and ultimately early intervention towards the goal of primary prevention of CVD in this at-risk patient population. © 2022, The Author(s).
Evolution of the diagnostic value of “the sugar of the blood”: hitting the sweet spot to identify alterations in glucose dynamics; In this paper, we provide an overview of the evolution of the definition of hyperglycemia during the past century and the alterations in glucose dynamics that cause fasting and postprandial hyperglycemia. We discuss how extensive mechanistic, physiological research into the factors and pathways that regulate the appearance of glucose in the circulation and its uptake and metabolism by tissues and organs has contributed knowledge that has advanced our understanding of different types of hyperglycemia, namely prediabetes and diabetes and their subtypes (impaired fasting plasma glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, combined impaired fasting plasma glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus), their relationships with medical complications, and how to prevent and treat hyperglycemia. © 2023 the American Physiological Society.
Is early-follicular long-acting GnRH agonist protocol an alternative for patients with polycystic ovary syndrome undergoing in vitro fertilization?; Background: We aimed to compare the clinical and perinatal outcomes of patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) undergoing in vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection (IVF/ICSI) treatment with either an early-follicular long-acting gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist (GnRH-a) long protocol (EFLL) or a midluteal short-acting GnRH-a long protocol (MLSL). Methods: This single–center, retrospective study, included patients with PCOS who underwent IVF/ICSI from January 2013 to June 2019 at the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University, Zhengzhou, China. Patients underwent either MLSL (1179 cycles) or EFLL (2390 cycles). The primary outcomes were pregnancy outcomes, perinatal and maternal complications. Results: Fresh embryo transfer (59.12% vs. 55.47%, P = 0.038), clinical pregnancy (75.23% vs. 53.82%, P = 0.001), and live birth rates (63.27% vs. 42.05%, P = 0.010) were higher in the EFLL group. However, the proportion of patients “freezing all" for high risk of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS) (24.27% vs. 32.06%, P = 0.001) and ectopic pregnancy (1.51% vs. 5.97%, P = 0.002) were lower in the EFLL group than in the MLSL group. The incidence of gestational diabetes was higher in the EFLL group than in the MLSL group (5.08% vs. 1.42%, RR 3.714, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.474–9.360, P = 0.003). There were no significant differences in the incidence of hypertension, premature rupture of membranes, placenta previa, congenital heart disease, or neonatal weight between the two groups. Logistic regression results showed that age (OR 0.966, 95% CI 0.941–0.993, P = 0.013), treatments (OR 2.380, 95% CI 1.833–3.089, P = 0.001), and endometrial thickness on trigger day (OR 1.115, 95% CI 1.070–1.162, P = 0.001) were correlated with clinical pregnancy. Pre-pregnancy BMI (OR 1.098, 95% CI 1.002–1.204, P = 0.046), fasting plasma glucose (FPG) (OR 3.096, 95% CI 1.900–5.046, P = 0.001), and treatments (OR 3.458, 95% CI 1.359–8.800, P = 0.009) were correlated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Treatments (OR 0.291, 95% CI 0.148–0.575, P = 0.001) and endometrial thickness on trigger day (OR 0.834, 95% CI 0.722–0.962, P = 0.013) were correlated with ectopic pregnancy. Conclusion: The early-follicular long-acting GnRH agonist long protocol can be used as an ideal assisted reproductive technology (ART) pregnancy assistance program for patients with PCOS, but obese patients should be encouraged to lose weight before ART treatments to reduce the risk of GDM. © 2022, The Author(s).
Use of Sotrovimab in a cohort of pregnant women with a high risk of COVID 19 progression: a single-center experience; Neutralizing monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) have been shown to reduce disease progression in patients with underlying predisposing conditions. Unfortunately, there is no evidence on the use of Sotrovimab in pregnant women. Herein we present a case series of pregnant women who received mAbs with Sotrovimab following the Italian Drug Agency (AIFA) indications. Since February 1, 2022 all pregnant women–regardless of gestational age–admitted to Obstetrics & Gynaecology of Policlinico University of Bari, with positive nasopharyngeal NAAT for SARS-CoV-2 were screened according to the AIFA indications for Sotrovimab and, if eligible, were proposed for treatment. Data on COVID-19, pregnancy, delivery, newborn outcomes, and adverse events were collected. From February 1 to May 15, 2022, 58 pregnant women were screened. Fifty (86%) patients were eligible, 19 of them (32.7%) denied their consent, in 18 cases (31%), the drug was temporarily unavailable, and the remaining 13 (22%) were treated with Sotrovimab. Out of these 13 patients, 6 (46%) were in the 3rd and 7 (54%) in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy. None of the 13 patients experienced adverse reactions due to Sotrovimab and all had a good clinical outcome. Furthermore, evaluating pre- and post-infusion clinical status and hematochemical profile, a reduction in D-dimers and an increase in SARS-CoV-2 antibodies (p < 0.01) during the 72 h following the infusion were observed. Our data, the first on the use of Sotrovimab in pregnant women, showed the safety and efficacy drug profile and its potential crucial role in preventing COVID-19 disease progression. © 2023 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Engineering bioactive nanoparticles to rejuvenate vascular progenitor cells; Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predisposes children to future health complications including type-2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. A key mechanism by which these complications occur is through stress-induced dysfunction of endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs), including endothelial colony-forming cells (ECFCs). Although several approaches have been previously explored to restore endothelial function, their widespread adoption remains tampered by systemic side effects of adjuvant drugs and unintended immune response of gene therapies. Here, we report a strategy to rejuvenate circulating vascular progenitor cells by conjugation of drug-loaded liposomal nanoparticles directly to the surface of GDM-exposed ECFCs (GDM-ECFCs). Bioactive nanoparticles can be robustly conjugated to the surface of ECFCs without altering cell viability and key progenitor phenotypes. Moreover, controlled delivery of therapeutic drugs to GDM-ECFCs is able to normalize transgelin (TAGLN) expression and improve cell migration, which is a critical key step in establishing functional vascular networks. More importantly, sustained pseudo-autocrine stimulation with bioactive nanoparticles is able to improve in vitro and in vivo vasculogenesis of GDM-ECFCs. Collectively, these findings highlight a simple, yet promising strategy to rejuvenate GDM-ECFCs and improve their therapeutic potential. Promising results from this study warrant future investigations on the prospect of the proposed strategy to improve dysfunctional vascular progenitor cells in the context of other chronic diseases, which has broad implications for addressing various cardiovascular complications, as well as advancing tissue repair and regenerative medicine. © 2022, The Author(s).
Association between gestational diabetes and 6-year incident diabetes: results from the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL); Objective Type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes (GDM) disproportionately affect those of Hispanic/Latino heritage. This study examined the association between GDM and prevalent and incident diabetes in a community-based study of Hispanic/Latina women living in the USA. Methods Participants were women aged 18-74 years in the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos who had at least one pregnancy and had information on self-reported history of GDM at baseline (n=6389). Logistic regression was used to determine the association between GDM and prevalent (2008-2011) and incident (2014-2017) diabetes and interactions between GDM and risk factors for incident diabetes. Results At baseline, 8.7% of participants reported a history of GDM and 18.6% had prevalent diabetes. Women with Mexican heritage had the highest prevalence of GDM history (11.3%) vs women of Cuban (5.0%), Central American (4.9%), and South American (3.8%) heritage (p<0.001 for each comparison to Mexican heritage). Women with self-reported GDM were four times more likely to have prevalent diabetes compared with women without GDM, after adjusting for sociodemographic characteristics and cardiometabolic risk factors (adjusted OR (aOR)=3.94, 95% CI 2.75 to 5.64). Overall incidence of diabetes was 14.3/100 women. Women with GDM at baseline increased their odds of incident diabetes by threefold compared with women without GDM (aOR=3.25, 95% CI 2.09 to 5.05). Women with Cuban or Puerto Rican heritage and GDM had significantly higher odds of incident diabetes compared with women with Mexican heritage (aOR=2.15, 95% CI 1.17 to 3.95; aOR=1.95, 95% CI 1.07 to 3.55, respectively). Conclusion Self-reported GDM was significantly associated with a threefold higher risk of incident diabetes among Hispanic/Latino women in the USA even after adjusting for several significant predictors of diabetes.  © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2022. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Aortopulmonary window and coronary anatomy - Still a pre-operative diagnostic trouble!; We present a case of aortopulmonary window in which the diagnosis of anomalous left coronary artery originating from pulmonary artery was made intra-operatively even if the coronary arteries anatomy was correctly studied pre-operatively with echocardiography. No evidence of coronary anomalies or indirect sings of coronary anomalies has been noted. Should we improve our pre-operative diagnostic accuracy and how?  © The Author(s), 2022. Published by Cambridge University Press.
Long-term cardiovascular outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective UK Biobank study; Background: Previous studies showed that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can be a risk factor for subsequent atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. However, there is a paucity of information regarding diverse cardiovascular outcomes in elderly women after GDM. In the current study, we examined whether women with a history of GDM have an increased risk for long-term overall cardiovascular outcomes. Methods: Among the UK participants, we included 219,330 women aged 40 to 69 years who reported at least one live birth. The new incidence of diverse cardiovascular outcomes was compared according to GDM history by multivariable Cox proportional hazard models. In addition, causal mediation analysis was performed to examine the contribution of well-known risk factors to observed risk. Results: After enrollment, 13,094 women (6.0%) developed new overall cardiovascular outcomes. Women with GDM history had an increased risk for overall cardiovascular outcomes [adjusted HR (aHR) 1.36 (95% CI 1.18–1.55)], including coronary artery disease [aHR 1.31 (1.08–1.59)], myocardial infarction [aHR 1.65 (1.27–2.15)], ischemic stroke [aHR 1.68 (1.18–2.39)], peripheral artery disease [aHR 1.69 (1.14–2.51)], heart failure [aHR 1.41 (1.06–1.87)], mitral regurgitation [aHR 2.25 (1.51–3.34)], and atrial fibrillation/flutter [aHR 1.47 (1.18–1.84)], after adjustment for age, race, BMI, smoking, early menopause, hysterectomy, prevalent disease, and medication. In mediation analysis, overt diabetes explained 23%, hypertension explained 11%, and dyslipidemia explained 10% of the association between GDM and overall cardiovascular outcome. Conclusions: GDM was associated with more diverse cardiovascular outcomes than previously considered, and conventional risk factors such as diabetes, hypertension, and dyslipidemia partially contributed to this relationship. © 2022, The Author(s).
Association of neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio with preterm necrotizing enterocolitis: a retrospective case-control study; Background: There have been few studies on the relationship between the neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR) and necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). We conducted a retrospective case-control study to investigate this relationship in preterm neonates. Methods: A total of 199 preterm neonates diagnosed with NEC between January 2018 and January 2020 were included in this study. For each preterm infant with NEC that was admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), controls were preterm neonates (matched for gestation and year of birth) who were not diagnosed with NEC. Exclusion criteria were post-maturity, small or large for gestational age (week of pregnancy), congenital major anomalies, and cyanotic congenital heart disease. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to identify the association between NLR and preterm NEC. Results: This study included 93 preterm neonates with NEC and 106 matched controls. There were no significant differences in gestational age (GA), birth weight (BW), age, sex, vaginal delivery (VD), chorioamnionitis (CA), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) between the groups. Compared with the control group, the lower and higher NLR levels in the NEC group were statistically different. Following univariate analysis, NLR was a risk factor for NEC (odds ratio [OR], 1.40; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.00–1.90; P = 0.042), and according to multivariate analysis, risk factors for NEC were NLR ≥ 3.20 and NLR < 1.60, within 1 week before NEC diagnosis. Thus, NLR values of ≥ 1.60 and < 3.20 were determined as the predictive cut-off values for protecting preterm infants from NEC (Model I: OR, 0.20; 95% CI, 0.10–0.40; P < 0.001) and (Model II: OR, 0.10; 95% CI, 0.00–0.40; P < 0.001]. Conclusions: NLR ≥ 1.60 and NLR < 3.20 were associated with a decreased risk of NEC in preterm infants. © 2022, The Author(s).
Serum amyloid A1 and pregnancy zone protein in pregnancy complications and correlation with markers of placental dysfunction; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and chronic hypertension), diabetes mellitus, and placental dysfunction confer an increased risk of long-term maternal cardiovascular disease. Preeclampsia is also associated with acute atherosis that involves lesions of uteroplacental spiral arteries, resembling early stages of atherosclerosis. Serum amyloid A1 is involved in hypercoagulability and atherosclerosis and may aggregate into amyloid—aggregations of misfolded proteins. Pregnancy zone protein may inhibit amyloid aggregation. Amyloid is involved in Alzheimer's disease and cardiovascular disease; it has been identified in preeclampsia, but its role in preeclampsia pathophysiology is unclear. OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that serum amyloid A1 would be increased and pregnancy zone protein decreased in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and diabetic pregnancies and that serum amyloid A1 and pregnancy zone protein would correlate with placental dysfunction markers (fetal growth restriction and dysregulated angiogenic biomarkers) and acute atherosis. STUDY DESIGN: Serum amyloid A1 is measurable in both the serum and plasma. In our study, plasma from 549 pregnancies (normotensive, euglycemic controls: 258; early-onset preeclampsia: 71; late-onset preeclampsia: 98; gestational hypertension: 30; chronic hypertension: 9; diabetes mellitus: 83) was assayed for serum amyloid A1 and pregnancy zone protein. The serum levels of angiogenic biomarkers soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 and placental growth factor were available for 547 pregnancies, and the results of acute atherosis evaluation were available for 313 pregnancies. The clinical characteristics and circulating biomarkers were compared between the pregnancy groups using the Mann-Whitney U, chi-squared, or Fisher exact test as appropriate. Spearman's rho was calculated for assessing correlations. RESULTS: In early-onset preeclampsia, serum amyloid A1 was increased compared with controls (17.1 vs 5.1 µg/mL, P<.001), whereas pregnancy zone protein was decreased (590 vs 892 µg/mL, P=.002). Pregnancy zone protein was also decreased in diabetes compared with controls (683 vs 892 µg/mL, P=.01). Serum amyloid A1 was associated with placental dysfunction (fetal growth restriction, elevated soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 to placental growth factor ratio). Pregnancy zone protein correlated negatively with soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 to placental growth factor ratio in all study groups. Acute atherosis was not associated with serum amyloid A1 or pregnancy zone protein. CONCLUSION: Proteins involved in atherosclerosis, hypercoagulability, and protein misfolding are dysregulated in early-onset preeclampsia and placental dysfunction, which links them and potentially contributes to future maternal cardiovascular disease. © 2022 The Author(s)
A review on prediction of diabetes using machine learning and data mining classification techniques; Machine learning (ML) and data mining (DM) techniques have grown in popularity among researchers and scientists in various fields. The healthcare industry could not be an exception to it. Diabetes or diabetes mellitus, a gaggle of metabolic disorder, can be caused due to age, obesity, lack of exercise, hereditary diabetes, living style, bad diet, hypertension, etc. and for that, the entire body system can be affected harmfully and be susceptible to dangerous diseases like heart disease, kidney disease, stroke, eye problem, nerve damage, etc. For this, we tried to go for a systematic review on diabetes by applying ML and DM classification algorithms for prediction and diagnosis. Concerning the sort of knowledge, medical datasets as well as Pima Indian Diabetes Datasets (PIDDs) provided by the UCI-ML Repository were mainly used. This survey may be useful for further investigation in predictions and resulting valuable knowledge on diabetes. Copyright © 2023 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.
Two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography in assessing the subclinical myocardial dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease and accompany asymptomatic deterioration of the myocardial function. This study aims to identify the subclinical impact of GDM on maternal left ventricular function by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography (2D-STE). Methods: We prospectively recruited 47 women with GDM and 62 healthy pregnant women who underwent transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) at 24 to 28 weeks of pregnancy. GDM diagnosis agreed with the IADPSG criteria. TTE was performed according to the criteria of the American Society of Echocardiography. Conventional echocardiographic data and 2D-STE parameters were compared between the two groups. Results: Age, gestational weeks, heart rate, and conventional echocardiographic parameters had no difference between the two groups. The average LV global longitudinal strain (LV-GLS) of GDM patients was lower than controls (18.14 ± 2.53 vs. 22.36 ± 6.33, p < 0.001), and 31 patients (66%) in our study had an absolute LV-GLS less than 20%. The LA reservoir and conduit strain in patients with GDM were also significantly reduced (32.71 ± 6.64 vs. 38.00 ± 7.06, 20.41 ± 5.69 vs. 25.56 ± 5.73, p < 0.001). However, there was no significant difference in LA contractile function between the two groups. In multiple regression analysis, LV-GLS and LA conduit strain independently associated with GDM. Conclusions: 2D-STE could detect the subclinical myocardial dysfunction more sensitively than conventional echocardiography, with LV-GLS and LA conduit strain as independent indicators of the GDM impact on maternal cardiac function during pregnancy. © 2022, The Author(s).
Gender Differences and Cardiometabolic Risk: The Importance of the Risk Factors; Metabolic syndrome (Mets) is a clinical condition characterized by a cluster of major risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes: proatherogenic dyslipidemia, elevated blood pressure, dysglycemia, and abdominal obesity. Each risk factor has an independent effect, but, when aggregated, they become synergistic, doubling the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases and causing a 1.5-fold increase in all-cause mortality. We will highlight gender differences in the epidemiology, etiology, pathophysiology, and clinical expression of the aforementioned Mets components. Moreover, we will discuss gender differences in new biochemical markers of metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular risk. © 2023 by the authors.
The Therapeutic Activities of Metformin: Focus on the Nrf2 Signaling Pathway and Oxidative Stress Amelioration; In the present study, the health-protective and therapeutic properties of MET have been discussed, focusing on the effect of MET on the Nrf2 expression in patients with different pathological conditions. Metformin (MET) regulates high blood glucose, thus being an integral part of the antidiabetic medications used to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus. It belongs to biguanide class medications that are administered through the oral route. Moreover, the agent is widely known for its anti-cancer, anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory, and neuroprotective effects. The MET modulates the nuclear factor erythroid-2 related factor-2 (Nrf2) signaling pathway, which in turn yields the above-mentioned medical benefits to patients. The Nrf2 signaling pathways are modulated in multiple ways described subsequently: 1) MET acts on the cancer cells and inactivates Raf-ERK signaling, thus reducing Nrf2 expression, 2) MET obstructs the expression of proteins that are involved in apoptosis of tumor cells and also prevents tumor cells from oxidation through an AMPK-independent pathway; 3) MET carries out Keap1-independent mechanism for reducing the levels of Nrf2 protein in cancer cells; 4) MET upregulates the Nrf2-mediated transcription to stimulate the anti-oxidant process that prevents oxidative stress in cells system and consequently gives neuroprotection from rotenone and 5) MET downregulates p65 and upregu-lates Nrf2 which helps improve the angiogenesis impairment stimulated by gestational diabetes mellitus. This article presents an analysis of the health-protective properties of MET and also sheds light on the effect of MET on the Nrf2 expression in patients with different pathological conditions. © 2023 Bentham Science Publishers.
Association between first birth caesarean delivery and adverse maternal-perinatal outcomes in the second pregnancy: a registry-based study in Northern Tanzania; Background: Caesarean delivery (CD) is the commonest obstetric surgery and surgical intervention to save lives of the mother and/or the new-borns. Despite been accepted as safe procedure, caesarean delivery has an increased risk of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. The rising rate of caesarean delivery has been a major public health concern worldwide and the consequences that come along with it urgently need to be assessed, especially in resource limited settings. We aimed to examine the relationship between first birth caesarean delivery and adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in the second pregnancy among women who delivered at a tertiary hospital in Northern Tanzania. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted using maternally-linked data from Kilimanjaro Christian Medical Centre. All women who had singleton second delivery between the years 2011 to 2015 were studied. A total of 5,984 women with singleton second delivery were analysed. Multivariable log-binomial regression was used to determine the association between first caesarean delivery and maternal-perinatal outcomes in the second pregnancy. Results: Caesarean delivery in the first birth was associated with an increased risk of adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in the second pregnancy. These included repeated CD (ARR 1.19; 95% CI: 1.05–1.34), pre/eclampsia (ARR 1.38; 95% CI: 1.06–1.78), gestational diabetes mellitus (ARR 2.80; 95% CI: 1.07–7.36), uterine rupture (ARR 1.56; CI: 1.05–2.32), peri-partum hysterectomy (ARR 2.28; CI: 1.04–5.02) and preterm birth (ARR 1.21; CI: 1.05–1.38). Conclusion: Caesarean delivery in their first pregnancy had an increased risk of repeated caesarean delivery and other adverse maternal-perinatal outcomes in the following pregnancy. Findings from this study highlight the importance of devising regional specific measures to mitigate unnecessary primary caesarean delivery. Additionally, these findings may help both clinicians and women in deciding against or for trial of labor after previous caesarean delivery in an event of absent direct obstetric indication. © 2022, The Author(s).
Association of pregnancy complications/risk factors with the development of future long-term health conditions in women: Overarching protocol for umbrella reviews; Introduction With good medical care, most pregnancy complications like pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, etc resolve after childbirth. However, pregnancy complications are known to be associated with an increased risk of new long-term health conditions for women later in life, such as cardiovascular disease. These umbrella reviews aim to summarise systematic reviews evaluating the association between pregnancy complications and five groups of long-term health conditions: autoimmune conditions, cancers, functional disorders, mental health conditions and metabolic health conditions (diabetes and hypertension). Methods and analysis We will conduct searches in Medline, Embase and the Cochrane database of systematic reviews without any language restrictions. We will include systematic reviews with or without meta-analyses that studied the association between pregnancy complications and the future risk of the five groups of long-term health conditions in women. Pregnancy complications were identified from existing core outcome sets for pregnancy and after consultation with experts. Two reviewers will independently screen the articles. Data will be synthesised with both narrative and quantitative methods. Where a meta-analysis has been carried out, we will report the combined effect size from individual studies. For binary data, pooled ORs with 95% CIs will be presented. For continuous data, we will use the mean difference with 95% CIs. The findings will be presented in forest plots to assess heterogeneity. The methodological quality of the studies will be evaluated with the AMSTAR 2 tool or the Cochrane risk of bias tool. The corrected covered area method will be used to assess the impact of overlap in reviews. The findings will be used to inform the design of prediction models, which will predict the risk of women developing these five group of health conditions following a pregnancy complication. Ethics and dissemination No ethical approvals required. Findings will be disseminated through publications in peer-reviewed journals and conference presentations.  © 2022 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Better healthcare can reduce the risk of COVID-19 in-hospital post-partum maternal death: evidence from Brazil; Objective: COVID-19 in post-partum women is commonly overlooked. The present study assessed whether puerperium is an independent risk factor of COVID-19 related in-hospital maternal death and whether fatality is preventable in the Brazilian context. Methods: We retrospectively studied the clinical data of post-partum/pregnant patients hospitalized with COVID-19 gathered from a national database that registered severe acute respiratory syndromes (SIVEP-Gripe) in Brazil. Logistic regressions were used to examine the associations of in-hospital mortality with obstetric status and with the type of public healthcare provider, adjusting for socio-demographic, epidemiologic, clinical and healthcare-related measures. Results: As of 30 November 2021, 1943 (21%) post-partum and 7446 (79%) pregnant patients of age between 15 and 45 years with COVID-19 that had reached the clinical endpoint (death or discharge) were eligible for inclusion. Case-fatality rates for the two groups were 19.8% and 9.2%, respectively. After the adjustment for covariates, post-partum patients had almost twice the odds of in-hospital mortality compared with pregnant patients. Patients admitted to private (not-for-profit) hospitals, those that had an obstetric centre or those located in metropolitan areas were less likely to succumb to SARS-CoV-2 infection. Those admitted to the Emergency Care Unit had similar mortality risk to those admitted to other public healthcare providers. Conclusion: We demonstrated that puerperium was associated with an increased odds of COVID-19-related in-hospital mortality. Only part of the risk can be reduced by quality healthcare such as non-profit private hospitals, those that have an obstetric centre or those located in urban areas.  © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Epidemiological Association.
The Association between Acculturation and Diet and Physical Activity among Pregnant Hispanic Women with Abnormal Glucose Tolerance; Background: Hispanic women are disproportionately affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), yet few studies have assessed the impact of acculturation on health behaviors that may reduce GDM risk. Materials and Methods: We assessed relationships between acculturation and meeting American Diabetes Association guidelines for macronutrient intake and American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists guidelines for physical activity (PA) using baseline data from Estudio Project Aiming to Reduce Type twO diabetes, a randomized trial conducted in Massachusetts (2013-2017) among 255 Hispanic pregnant women with hyperglycemia. Acculturation was assessed via the Psychological Acculturation Scale, duration of time and generation in the continental United States, and language preference; diet with 24-hours dietary recalls; and PA with the Pregnancy Physical Activity Questionnaire (PPAQ). Results: The majority of participants who reported low psychological acculturation (74.9%), preferred English (78.4%), were continental U.S. born (58.0%), and lived in the continental United States ≥5 years (91.4%). A total of 44.8%, 81.8%, 22.9%, and 4.6% of women met guidelines for carbohydrate, protein, fat, and fiber intakes, respectively; 31.9% met guidelines for PA. Women with higher acculturation were less likely to meet carbohydrate guidelines (English preference: adjusted risk ratios [aRR] 0.45, 95% confidence intervals [CI] 0.23-0.75; U.S. born: aRR 0.60, 95% CI 0.36-0.91; duration of time in United States: aRR 0.96, 95% CI 0.92-0.99). Women with higher acculturation were more likely to meet PA guidelines (U.S. born: aRR 1.95, 95% CI 1.11-3.44). Conclusions: In summary, higher acculturation was associated with lower likelihood of meeting dietary guidelines but greater likelihood of meeting PA guidelines during pregnancy. Interventions aimed at reducing GDM in Hispanics should be culturally informed and incorporate acculturation. Clinical Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov NCT01679210.  © Copyright 2022, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers 2022.
Has the cesarean epidemic in Czechia been reversed despite fertility postponement?; Background: Although the percentage of cesarean sections (CS) in Czechia is below the average of that of other developed countries (23.6%), it still exceeds WHO recommendations (15%). The first aim of the study is to examine the association between a CS birth and the main health factors and sociodemographic characteristics involved, while the second aim is to examine recent trends in the CS rate in Czechia. Methods: Anonymized data on all mothers in Czechia for 2018 taken from the National Register of Expectant Mothers was employed. The risk of cesarean delivery for the observed factors was tested via the construction of a binary logistic regression model that allowed for adjustments for all the other covariates in the model. Results: Despite all the covariates being found to be statistically significant, it was determined that health factors represented a higher risk of a CS than sociodemographic characteristics. A previous CS was found to increase the risk of its recurrence by 33 times (OR = 32.96, 95% CI 30.95–35.11, p<0.001). The breech position increased the risk of CS by 31 times (OR = 31.03, 95% CI 28.14–34.29, p<0.001). A multiple pregnancy increased the odds of CS six-fold and the use of ART 1.8-fold. Mothers who suffered from diabetes before pregnancy were found to be twice as likely to give birth via CS (OR = 2.14, 95% CI 1.76–2.60, p<0.001), while mothers with gestational diabetes had just 23% higher odds of a CS birth (OR = 1.23, 95% CI 1.16–1.31, p<0.001). Mothers who suffered from hypertension gave birth via CS twice as often as did mothers without such complications (OR = 2.01, 95% CI 1.86–2.21, p<0.001). Conclusions: The increasing age of mothers, a significant risk factor for a CS, was found to be independent of other health factors. Accordingly, delayed childbearing is thought to be associated with the increase in the CS rate in Czechia. However, since other factors come into play, further research is needed to assess whether the recent slight decline in the CS rate is not merely a temporal trend. © 2022, The Author(s).
Cardiovascular Complications During Delivery Admissions Associated With Assisted Reproductive Technology (from a National Inpatient Sample Analysis 2008 to 2019); Women who conceive through assisted reproductive technology (ART) have a known increased risk of obstetric complications. However, whether ART is also associated with higher risk of developing cardiovascular complications during delivery admissions has not been well established. We used data from the National Inpatient Sample (2008 to 2019) and used the International Classification of Diseases codes to identify delivery hospitalizations and ART procedures. A total of 45,867,086 weighted delivery cases were identified, of which 0.24% were among women who conceived through ART (n = 108,542). Women with an ART history were older at the time of delivery (median 35 vs 28 years, p <0.01) and had a higher prevalence of hypertension, gestational diabetes, and dyslipidemia (all, p <0.01). After adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, co-morbidities, multiple gestation, insurance, and income, ART remained an independent predictor of peripartum cardiovascular complications, including pre-eclampsia/eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.48, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.45 to 1.51), heart failure (aOR 1.94, 95% CI 1.10 to 3.40), and cardiac arrhythmias (aOR 1.39, 95% CI 1.30 to 1.48), compared with natural conception. Likewise, the risk of acute kidney injury (aOR 2.57, 95% CI 2.25 to 2.92), ischemic stroke (aOR 1.73, 95% CI 1.24 to 2.43), hemorrhagic stroke (aOR 1.63, 95% CI 1.27 to 2.11), pulmonary edema (aOR 2.29, 95% CI 2.02 to 2.61), and venous thromboembolism (aOR 1.92, 95% CI 1.63 to 2.25) were higher with ART. However, odds of developing peripartum cardiomyopathy or acute coronary syndrome were not associated with ART. Length of stay (3 vs 2 days, p <0.01) and cost of hospitalization ($5,903 vs $3,922, p <0.01) were higher for deliveries among women with a history of ART. In conclusion, women who conceived with ART had higher risk of pre-eclampsia, heart failure, arrhythmias, stroke, and other complications during their delivery hospitalizations. This may, in part, contribute to their increased resource utilization seen. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
The link between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular diseases: potential role of extracellular vesicles; Extracellular vesicles are critical mediators of cell communication. They encapsulate a variety of molecular cargo such as proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids including miRNAs, lncRNAs, circular RNAs, and mRNAs, and through transfer of these molecular signals can alter the metabolic phenotype in recipient cells. Emerging studies show the important role of extracellular vesicle signaling in the development and progression of cardiovascular diseases and associated risk factors such as type 2 diabetes and obesity. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is hyperglycemia that develops during pregnancy and increases the future risk of developing obesity, impaired glucose metabolism, and cardiovascular disease in both the mother and infant. Available evidence shows that changes in maternal metabolism and exposure to the hyperglycemic intrauterine environment can reprogram the fetal genome, leaving metabolic imprints that define life-long health and disease susceptibility. Understanding the factors that contribute to the increased susceptibility to metabolic disorders of children born to GDM mothers is critical for implementation of preventive strategies in GDM. In this review, we discuss the current literature on the fetal programming of cardiovascular diseases in GDM and the impact of extracellular vesicle (EV) signaling in epigenetic programming in cardiovascular disease, to determine the potential link between EV signaling in GDM and the development of cardiovascular disease in infants. © 2022, The Author(s).
Measuring the quality of antenatal care in a context of high utilisation: evidence from Telangana, India; Background: Antenatal care coverage has dramatically increased in many low-and middle-income settings, including in the state of Telangana, India. However, there is increasing evidence of shortfalls in the quality of care women receive during their pregnancies. This study aims to examine dimensions of antenatal care quality in Telangana, India using four primary and secondary data sources. Methods: Data from two secondary statewide data sources (National Family Health Survey (NFHS-5), 2019–21; Health Management Information System (HMIS), 2019–20) and two primary data sources (a facility survey in 19 primary health centres and sub-centres in selected districts of Telangana; and observations of 36 antenatal care consultations at these facilities) were descriptively analysed. Results: NFHS-5 data showed about 73% of women in Telangana received all six assessed antenatal care components during pregnancy. HMIS data showed high coverage of antenatal care visits but differences in levels of screening, with high coverage of haemoglobin tests for anaemia but low coverage of testing for gestational diabetes and syphilis. The facility survey found missing equipment for several key antenatal care services. Antenatal care observations found blood pressure measurement and physical examinations had high coverage and were generally performed correctly. There were substantial deficiencies in symptom checking and communication between the woman and provider. Women were asked if they had any questions in 22% of consultations. Only one woman was asked about her mental health. Counselling of women on at least one of the ten items relating to birth preparedness and on at least one of six danger signs occurred in 58% and 36% of consultations, respectively. Conclusion: Despite high coverage of antenatal care services and some essential maternal and foetal assessments, substantial quality gaps remained, particularly in communication between healthcare providers and pregnant women and in availability of key services. Progress towards achieving high quality in both content and experience of antenatal care requires addressing service gaps and developing better measures to capture and improve women’s experiences of care. © 2022, The Author(s).
Unexpected case of postnatal pancreatitis: first presentation of autoimmune diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as the first onset of glucose intolerance in pregnancy without prior known diabetes. While it is commonly associated with metabolic risk factors such as obesity and hypertension, a small percentage of women with GDM have underlying autoimmune causes, with presence of islet-cell antibodies resulting in autoimmune-mediated destruction of the pancreas. We present a case of idiopathic postpartum pancreatitis precipitating fulminant diabetic ketoacidosis in a patient with otherwise well-controlled GDM during pregnancy, and subsequent findings of positive anti-glutamic acid decarboxylase antibody. This is the first presentation of autoimmune diabetes diagnosed postnatally in a woman who has no previous medical or family history.  © 2022 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: a nationwide register-based cohort study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and has maternal health implications reaching beyond the perinatal period. We aimed to investigate the incidence and severity of cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity in women with previous GDM in a Danish population and to study whether proxies of impaired beta cell function—insulin treatment during GDM pregnancy and development of subsequent manifest diabetes mellitus—influence incident risk of cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity. Methods: A nationwide register-based cohort study was conducted on the complete cohort of 700,648 women delivering in Denmark during 1997–2018. The exposure variable was GDM and primary outcome was overall cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity. Secondary outcomes were major cardiovascular disease (ischemic heart disease, heart failure, and/or stroke/transient cerebral ischemia), hypertension, dyslipidemia, and venous thrombosis. Severity of morbidity was assessed using number of hospital contacts with diagnosis codes related to cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity and number of redemptions of prescribed medication related to cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity in women who developed cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity after pregnancy. Results: The median follow-up period was 10.2–11.9 years with a total range of 0–21.9 years. GDM was associated with increased risk of any cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity (adjusted HR 2.13 [95% CI 2.07–2.20]), major cardiovascular disease (adjusted HR 1.69 [95% CI 1.55–1.84]), hypertension (adjusted HR 1.89 [95% CI 1.82–1.96], dyslipidemia (adjusted HR 4.48 [95% CI 4.28–4.69]), and venous thrombosis (adjusted HR 1.32 [95% CI 1.16–1.50]). Insulin treatment during pregnancy and subsequent development of manifest diabetes exacerbated the risk estimates. Previous GDM was associated with more hospital contacts and more redeemed prescriptions in women developing cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity (p < 0.001). Conclusions: Previous GDM was associated with significantly higher risk of cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity, especially incident dyslipidemia. Risks were exacerbated by proxies of beta cell impairment. Severity of morbidity was significantly worse if GDM preceded cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity. © 2022, The Author(s).
Comprehensive self-tracking of blood glucose and lifestyle with a mobile application in the management of gestational diabetes: a study protocol for a randomised controlled trial (eMOM GDM study); Introduction Gestational diabetes (GDM) causes various adverse short-term and long-term consequences for the mother and child, and its incidence is increasing globally. So far, the most promising digital health interventions for GDM management have involved healthcare professionals to provide guidance and feedback. The principal aim of this study is to evaluate the effects of comprehensive and real-time self-tracking with eMOM GDM mobile application (app) on glucose levels in women with GDM, and more broadly, on different other maternal and neonatal outcomes. Methods and analysis This randomised controlled trial is carried out in Helsinki metropolitan area. We randomise 200 pregnant women with GDM into the intervention and the control group at gestational week (GW) 24-28 (baseline, BL). The intervention group receives standard antenatal care and the eMOM GDM app, while the control group will receive only standard care. Participants in the intervention group use the eMOM GDM app with continuous glucose metre (CGM) and activity bracelet for 1 week every month until delivery and an electronic 3-day food record every month until delivery. The follow-up visit after intervention takes place 3 months post partum for both groups. Data are collected by laboratory blood tests, clinical measurements, capillary glucose measures, wearable sensors, air displacement plethysmography and digital questionnaires. The primary outcome is fasting plasma glucose change from BL to GW 35-37. Secondary outcomes include, for example, self-tracked capillary fasting and postprandial glucose measures, change in gestational weight gain, change in nutrition quality, change in physical activity, medication use due to GDM, birth weight and fat percentage of the child. Ethics and dissemination The study has been approved by Ethics Committee of the Helsinki and Uusimaa Hospital District. The results will be presented in peer-reviewed journals and at conferences. Trial registration number NCT04714762.  © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2022. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Increased cardiovascular risk after gestational diabetes; The Dutch diabetes guideline advises GPs to screen for diabetes every year in the first five years after the birth of the youngest child, by simply measuring fasting glucose. Based on the increased risk for cardiovascular disease in women with a history of gestational diabetes, it seems appropriate to not only screen for diabetes, but to combine that with monitoring all the other features of the insulin resistance syndrome. Even without a disturbance in glucose tolerance, that could stimulate helpful lifestyle interventions at an earlier stage. © 2023, Bohn Stafleu van Loghum. All rights reserved.
The implications of exosomes in pregnancy: emerging as new diagnostic markers and therapeutics targets; Extracellular vehicles (EVs) are a heterogeneous group of cell and membranous particles originating from different cell compartments. EVs participate in many essential physiological functions and mediate fetal-maternal communications. Exosomes are the smallest unit of EVs, which are delivered to the extracellular space. Exosomes can be released by the umbilical cord, placenta, amniotic fluid, and amniotic membranes and are involved in angiogenesis, endothelial cell migration, and embryo implantation. Also, various diseases such as gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, and fetal growth restriction can be related to the content of placental exosomes during pregnancy. Due to exosomes' ability to transport signaling molecules and their effect on sperm function, they can also play a role in male and female infertility. In the new insight, exosomal miRNA can diagnose and treat infertilities disorders. In this review, we focused on the functions of exosomes during pregnancy. [MediaObject not available: see fulltext.]. © 2022, The Author(s).
Plasma Ceramide Concentrations in Full-Term Pregnancies Complicated with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Case-Control Study; Ceramides, a sphingolipid group that acts as a messenger in cellular differentiation, proliferation, apoptosis and senescence, have been associated with cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The evidence for an association between ceramides and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is scarce. This case-control study aimed to compare women with GDM with healthy, pregnant women in terms of plasma ceramide concentrations at the time of delivery. Ninety-two pregnant women were included in this case-control study, 29 in the GDM group and 63 in the control group. All women were admitted to a tertiary academic hospital for a full-term delivery. Liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) was applied for the quantification of four molecular ceramides, namely Cer d18:1/16:0 (Cer16:0), Cer d18:1/18:0 (Cer18:0), Cer d18:1/24:0 (Cer24:0) and Cer d18:1/24:1 (Cer24:1) in plasma samples. The raw chromatographic data obtained from the LC-MS/MS analysis were processed using Analyst SCIEX (AB Sciex Pte. Ltd., USA). In a univariate statistical analysis, Cer24:0 concentration was significantly lower in the GDM group compared with the control group (p = 0.01). The present study demonstrated lower Cer24:0 concentrations in pregnancies complicated by GDM. Further prospective studies are required to enhance the results of this study. © 2022 by the authors.
Maternal Hyperglycemia Induces Autonomic Dysfunction and Heart Failure in Older Adult Offspring; Aims Offspring exposed to an adverse fetal environment, such as gestational diabetes, may manifest increased susceptibility to several chronic diseases later in life. In the present study, the cardiovascular function of three different ages of offspring from diabetic rats was evaluated. Methods and results Diabetes mellitus was induced in pregnant rats by a single dose of streptozotocin (50 mg/kg). The offspring from diabetic (OD) and control rats (OC) were evaluated at three different ages: 6, 12 or 18 months. In the corresponding OC groups, fasting glycemia, baseline mean arterial pressure, and sympathetic tonus increased in the OD rats at 12 (OD12) and 18 (OD18) months of age, while cardiac hypertrophy was observed in all OD groups. Cardiac function evaluation in vivo showed low left ventricular systolic pressure and+dP/dt in the OD18 rats, suggesting a systolic dysfunction. OD12 and OD18 groups showed high left ventricle end-diastolic pressure, suggesting a diastolic dysfunction. OD groups showed an age-related impairment of both baroreflex-mediated tachycardia and baroreflex-mediated bradycardia in OD12 and OD18 rats. In isolated hearts from OD18 rats, both inotropic and tachycardiac responses to increasing isoproterenol were significantly reduced compared to the corresponding OC group. Conclusion These results suggest that gestational diabetes triggers the onset of hyperglycemia hypertension with impaired baroreflex sensitivity and heart failure in older age of offspring, representing important risk factors for death. Therefore, ensuring optimal glycemic control in diabetic pregnancy is important and serves as a key to preventing cardiovascular disease in the offspring in their older age. © 2022 Georg Thieme Verlag. All rights reserved.
Vitamin C supplementation for diabetes management: A comprehensive narrative review; Growing evidence suggests that vitamin C supplementation may be an effective adjunct therapy in the management of people with diabetes. This paper critically reviews the current evidence on effects of vitamin C supplementation and its potential mechanisms in diabetes management. Evidence from meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) show favourable effects of vitamin C on glycaemic control and blood pressure that may be clinically meaningful, and mixed effects on blood lipids and endothelial function. However, evidence is mostly of low evidence certainty. Emerging evidence is promising for effects of vitamin C supplementation on some diabetes complications, particularly diabetic foot ulcers. However, there is a notable lack of robust and well-designed studies exploring effects of vitamin C as a single compound supplement on diabetes prevention and patient-important outcomes (i.e. prevention and amelioration of diabetes complications). RCTs are also required to investigate potential preventative or ameliorative effects of vitamin C on gestational diabetes outcomes. Oral vitamin C doses of 500–1000 mg per day are potentially effective, safe, and affordable for many individuals with diabetes. However, personalisation of supplementation regimens that consider factors such as vitamin C status, disease status, current glycaemic control, vitamin C intake, redox status, and genotype is important to optimize vitamin C's therapeutic effects safely. Finally, given a high prevalence of vitamin C deficiency in patients with complications, it is recommended that plasma vitamin C concentration be measured and monitored in the clinic setting. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
The ex-utero intrapartum treatment (EXIT) strategy for fetal giant sacrococcygeal teratoma with cardiac insufficiency: A case report and review of the literature; Background: Antenatally diagnosed sacrococcygeal teratoma has been associated with risks of perinatal complications and death, especially when the foetus has symptoms of cardiac insufficiency, hydrops or anemia in utero; however, the method of intervention remains controversial. Case: A 25-year-old pregnant woman was found to have a cystic and solid tumor in the fetal sacrococcygeal region at 16 weeks of gestation. As the tumour grew, the mother developed polyhydramnios accompanied with gestational diabetes. Fetal and tumorous hemodynamics were closely monitored by ultrasound. Abnormal cardiac function was detected at 31 weeks’ gestation, and we creatively performed pre-emptive delivery through the ex-utero intrapartum treatment with debulking. The teratoma was removed with utero-placental circulation support. The operation proceeded smoothly with favourable prognosis for both mother and newborn. Conclusion: The ex-utero intrapartum treatment may improve the prognosis for fetuses with heart failure when they reach viable gestation. Copyright © 2022 Ding, Yang, Lv, Jiang, Dong, Zhao and Luo.
Diabetes and Pregnancy; The quality of metabolic control at the beginning of pregnancy already determines the course and outcome of pregnanies with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The preconceptional counseling and support provided by experienced teams is more important than modern technical equipment with insulin pumps and sensors for continuous glucose measurement. The incidence of congenital malformations is significantly reduced by a periconceptional HbA1c level < 6.5 % and folic acid supplementation started preconceptionally. To prevent preeclampsia, all women with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus should be offered low-dose ASA, starting before 16 weeks of pregnancy. If the pregnant woman has a BMI < 25 kg/m² and persistently elevated fasting blood glucose levels, a GCK-MODY should be considered. For the diagnosis of asymptomatic gestational diabetes mellitus, all women in Germany with 24 + 0 to 27 + 6 weeks of pregnancy are offered a two-stage screening. Structured follow-up care is required after gestational diabetes mellitus, because these women have an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular complications. Pregnant women with COVID-19 and hyperglycemia have an increased risk of a severe course of the infection, which is further increased by obesity - they are an important target group for vaccination with an mRNA vaccine. © 2023 Georg Thieme Verlag. All rights reserved.
The Fourth Trimester: a Time for Enhancing Transitions in Cardiovascular Care; Purpose of Review: The “fourth trimester” concept, defined as the first 12 weeks after delivery (and beyond), is a critical window of time for clinicians to intervene to optimize women’s cardiovascular health after pregnancy. A timely and comprehensive postpartum cardiovascular assessment should be performed in all women following delivery in order to (1) follow up medical conditions present prior to conception, (2) evaluate symptoms and signs of common postpartum complications, and (3) identify risk factors and prevent future adverse cardiovascular outcomes. In this review, we aim to discuss major maternal cardiovascular risk factors such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, postpartum weight retention, and postpartum depression, as well as lactation as a potential protective risk modifying factor. Additionally, we will review effectiveness of outpatient interventions to enhance transitions in cardiovascular care during the fourth trimester. Recent Findings: A seamless hand-off from obstetric to primary care, and potentially cardiology, is needed for early detection and management of hypertension, weight, glycemic control, stress and mood, and long-term cardiovascular risk. Additionally, the use of telemedicine, blood pressure self-monitoring, remote activity monitoring, and behavioral health coaches are potentially feasible modalities to augment clinic-based care for cardiovascular risk factors and weight management, but additional studies are needed to study their long-term effectiveness. Summary: Development of a comprehensive postpartum care plan with careful consideration of each patient’s risk profile and access to resources is critical to improve maternal morbidity and mortality, reduce health disparities, and achieve long-term cardiovascular health for women. Supporting postpartum well-being of women during this transition period requires a multidisciplinary approach, especially primary care engagement, and planning should start before delivery. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Left atrial shortening fraction to predict fetal cardiac abnormalities and dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To evaluate the diagnostic efficiency of left atrial shortening fraction (LASF) in the detection of fetal cardiac abnormalities and dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: In this study, we enrolled 256 pregnant women and divided them into GDM group (n = 156) and control group (n = 100). Fetal echocardiography was performed at 24–28 weeks of gestation to measure the LASF and interventricular septum (IVS) thickness. Based on IVS thickness, the GDM group was subdivided into the septal hypertrophy group (GDM I, n = 62) and non-septal hypertrophy group (GDM II, n = 94). LASF and IVS thickness were compared between the GDM and control groups and between GDM I and GDM II groups. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was performed to determine the diagnostic accuracy of LASF in predicting septal hypertrophy. Results: The GDM group had a larger IVS thickness (P < 0.05) but a lower LASF level (P < 0.001) than those of the control group. GDM I group had significantly lower LASF level than that in the GDM II group (P < 0.001). At 38.41% as the cutoff value, the LASF can predict septal hypertrophy with diagnostic sensitivity and specificity of 96.7% and 65.2%, respectively. Conclusion: Fetal GDM are more likely to induce septal hypertrophy and ventricular dysfunction. LASF is a good indicator of septal hypertrophy or early diastolic dysfunction without septal hypertrophy. Copyright © 2022 Peng, Qiu, Wang, Li and Huo.
Construction of a novel miRNA regulatory network and identification of target genes in gestational diabetes mellitus by integrated analysis; Backgrounds: Given the roles of microRNA (miRNA) in human diseases and the high incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the aim of the study was to examine miRNA signatures and crucial pathways, as well as possible biomarkers for GDM diagnosis. Methods: We conducted a two-stage study to explore functional miRNA and those target genes. Twelve participants (6 GDM and 6 non-GDM) were first enrolled and performed RNA sequencing analysis. The overlapped candidate genes were further screened in combination with differentially expressed genes (DEGs) of GEO datasets (GSE87295, GSE49524 and GSE19649) and potential target genes of DEMs. Candidate genes, critical pathways, small molecular compounds and regulatory networks were identified using bioinformatic analysis. The potential candidate genes were then investigated using the GEO dataset (GSE103552) of 19 participants in the validation stage (11 GDM and 8 non-GDM women). Results: Briefly, blood samples were sequenced interrogating 50 miRNAs, including 20 upregulated and 30 downregulated differentially expressed microRNAs(DEMs) in our internal screening dataset. After screening GEO databases, 123 upregulated and 70 downregulated genes were overlapped through DEGs of GEO datasets and miRNA-target genes. MiR-29b-1-5p-TGFB2, miR-142-3p-TGFB2, miR-9-5p-FBN2, miR-212-5p-FBN2, miR-542-3p-FBN1, miR-9-5p-FBN1, miR-508-3p-FBN1, miR-493-5p-THBS1, miR-29b-3p-COL4A1, miR-432-5p-COL5A2, miR-9-5p-TGFBI, miR-486-3p-SLC7A5 and miR-6515-5p-SLC1A5 were revealed as thirteen possible regulating pathways by integrative analysis. Conclusion: Overall, thirteen candidate miRNA-target gene regulatory pathways representing potentially novel biomarkers of GDM diseases were revealed. Ten chemicals were identified as putative therapeutic agents for GDM. This study examined a series of DEGs that are associated with epigenetic alternations of miRNA through an integrated approach and gained insight into biological pathways in GDM. Precise diagnosis and therapeutic targets of GDM would be further explored through putative genes in the future. Copyright © 2022 Ding, Shen, Wang, Lu, Gu and Jiang.
Associations between Diet Quality and Allostatic Load in US Adults: Findings from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2015-2018; Background: Allostatic load (AL), the concept of cumulative biological risk from chronic stressful exposures, may provide a framework with which to examine the links between diet, physiological stress, and disease. Objective: This study examined the associations between diet quality and AL. Design: This cross-sectional study was conducted using the 2015 through 2018 cycles of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Dietary intake was assessed using two 24-hour diet recalls. Diet quality was measured using the Healthy Eating Index 2015. AL was measured by a composite score of nine biochemical markers, with three or more dysregulated values signaling elevated AL. All markers were collected during a physical examination. Participants and setting: This study was conducted in a nationally representative population of 5,343 US adults aged 19 years or older who had no prior diagnosis of diabetes (except gestational diabetes), cancer (except skin cancer), or cardiovascular disease; were not pregnant; and had complete dietary intake and AL biomarker data. Main outcome measures: The outcome was odds of elevated AL. Statistical analyses performed: Accounting for the complex survey design of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, multivariable logistic regression was used to examine the associations between Healthy Eating Index 2015 score and elevated AL, adjusting for sociodemographic variables. Results: A significant inverse association between AL and diet quality was observed among adults aged 31 years and older but not among those aged 19 to 30 years. Among adults aged 31 years and older, those in higher quintiles of Healthy Eating Index 2015 score had significantly lower odds of elevated AL compared with the lowest quintile (P for trend < 0.05). Conclusions: These results suggest that, in adults older than age 30 years, consuming a more healthful diet is inversely associated with AL. © 2022 Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics
Various Diabetes Detection Techniques a Survey; Diabetes Mellitus is one of the most serious illnesses, and it affects a large number of people. Diabetes Mellitus may be caused by age, obesity, lack of exercise, genetic diabetes, lifestyle, poor diet, high blood pressure, and other factors. Diabetics are at a better chance of developing such as heart failure, kidney disease, stroke, eye problems, nerve damage, and so on. The standard hospital procedure is to collect the necessary information for diabetes diagnosis is obtained through a variety of tests, and appropriate medication is prescribed based on the results. Type 1 and 2 diabetes are the maximum not unusual place sorts of the condition, however there also are different kinds, inclusive of gestational diabetes which happens during pregnancy, as well as other forms. The emphasis of this paper is on various prediction techniques that have had a major impact in the field. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
Establishment and validation of a predictive nomogram for gestational diabetes mellitus during early pregnancy term: A retrospective study; Objective: This study aims to develop and evaluate a predictive nomogram for early assessment risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during early pregnancy term, so as to help early clinical management and intervention. Methods: A total of 824 pregnant women at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University and Maternal and Child Health Hospital of Hubei Province from 1 February 2020 to 30 April 2020 were enrolled in a retrospective observational study and comprised the training dataset. Routine clinical and laboratory information was collected; we applied least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) logistic regression and multivariate ROC risk analysis to determine significant predictors and establish the nomogram, and the early pregnancy files (gestational weeks 12–16, n = 392) at the same hospital were collected as a validation dataset. We evaluated the nomogram via the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, C-index, calibration curve, and decision curve analysis (DCA). Results: We conducted LASSO analysis and multivariate regression to establish a GDM nomogram during the early pregnancy term; the five selected risk predictors are as follows: age, blood urea nitrogen (BUN), fibrinogen-to-albumin ratio (FAR), blood urea nitrogen-to-creatinine ratio (BUN/Cr), and blood urea nitrogen-to-albumin ratio (BUN/ALB). The calibration curve and DCA present optimal predictive power. DCA demonstrates that the nomogram could be applied clinically. Conclusion: An effective nomogram that predicts GDM should be established in order to help clinical management and intervention at the early gestational stage. Copyright © 2023 Li, Zhu, Wang, Tao, Liu, Tang, Liu and Zhang.
Obstetric outcomes during delivery hospitalizations among obese pregnant women in the United States; The rates of both maternal and fetal adverse outcomes increase significantly with higher body mass index. The aim of this study was to calculate national estimates of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes and associated hospitalization cost among obese pregnant women using a national database. This study was a retrospective analysis of data retrieved from Nationwide Inpatient Sample database, collected during 2010–2014. The primary outcomes of this study were adverse maternal and fetal outcomes, hospital length of stay, and hospitalization cost. There was a total of 18,687,217 delivery-related hospitalizations, of which 1,048,323 were among obese women. Obese women were more likely to have cesarean deliveries (aOR 1.70, 95% CI 1.62–1.79) and labor inductions (aOR 1.51, 95% CI 1.42–1.60), greater length of stay after cesarean deliveries (aOR 1.14, 95% CI 1.08–1.36) and vaginal deliveries (aOR 1.48, 95% CI 1.23–1.77). They were also more likely to have pregnancy-related hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, premature rupture of membranes, chorioamnionitis, venous thromboembolism, excessive fetal growth, and fetal distress. Obese pregnant women had significantly greater risk for adverse obstetrical outcomes, which substantially increased the hospital and economic burden. Risk stratification of pregnant patients based on obesity could also help obstetricians to make better clinical decisions and improve patient outcomes. © 2022, The Author(s).
Follow-up and screening for type-2 diabetes mellitus in women with previous gestational diabetes in primary care; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an established risk factor for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) that is possible to prevent by systematic follow-up and preventive measures. The aim of this study was to examine whether women with previous GDM were offered follow-up in primary care, according to Swedish national guidelines. Design: Retrospective review of electronic medical records. Setting: Primary care in southern Sweden, Skåne county. Subjects: Women who received a GDM diagnosis in 2018 at the Endocrinology department, Skåne University Hospital in Lund. The study population consisted of a total number of 161 patients, whereof 83 patients were included. Main outcome measures: Whether primary care offered follow-up for T2DM after GDM and if any communication took place between secondary and primary care. Furthermore, it was examined whether the quality of the follow-up was in accordance with the national guidelines. Results: Of the study population, a total of 29% (n = 24) had been followed-up by primary care. In 55% (n = 46) of the cases, there was no communication between secondary and primary care. Plasma glucose was checked in all (n = 20) cases where follow-up could be evaluated. Conversations about lifestyle habits took place in 70% (n = 14) of the cases. Weight and risk factors for cardiovascular disease were controlled in less than half (n = 9) of the patients. Lifestyle advice was offered in two cases and in 24% (n = 20) of the cases an annual check-up was planned. Conclusions: The follow-up of women with previous GDM in primary care in southern Sweden was lacking in seven out of 10 cases and showed great potential for improvement.Key Points Gestational diabetes is an established risk factor for developing type 2 diabetes. Earlier research has recognized that risk reduction is possible by systematic follow-up and preventive measures, but the extent of follow-up in primary care in southern Sweden remains unknown. This study demonstrates a lack of follow-up according to national guidelines for women with previous gestational diabetes in primary care in southern Sweden. There is great potential to improve the care of these patients with relatively simple means. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Low Apgar score and asphyxia complications at birth and risk of longer-term cardiovascular disease: a nationwide population-based study of term infants; Background: Most follow-up studies have focused on the long-term consequences of asphyxia at birth on the brain. The aim of this study was to investigate associations between low Apgar score and asphyxia-related complications and subsequent risks of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) in childhood and early adulthood. Methods: This population-based cohort study included 2,826,424 non-malformed singleton births, born at term (≥37 weeks’ gestation) between 1988 and 2018 in Sweden. Primary exposure was a composite of asphyxia-related complications, defined as a) Apgar score 0–3 at 1-min; or b) Apgar score 0–3 at 5-min; or c) neonatal seizures (including hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy). Using Cox regression, we estimated the risk of CVD after 1 year of age, defined as stroke, coronary heart disease, heart failure, and atrial fibrillation. Results: Overall, there were 4165 cases with cardiovascular diseases. Individuals with asphyxia-related complications had adjusted hazard ratios (95% confidence intervals) of 1.90 (1.54 to 2.34) for cardiovascular disease, 2.29 (1.74 to 3.03) for stroke, 2.17 (1.37 to 3.42) for heart failure, and 1.38 (0.87 to 2.17) for atrial fibrillation. Hazard ratios for CVD were elevated among individuals with Apgar score 0–3 at 1 and 5 min, and those with neonatal seizures. Compared with unexposed individuals, neonatal seizures were associated with 5 times higher rates of stroke and heart failure, respectively. Interpretation: Asphyxia-related complications and its neonatal complications, especially low Apgar score and neonatal seizures, are associated with increased risks of CVD in childhood and early adulthood, although the absolute risk of CVD is low in young age. Funding: Swedish Research Council and the Swedish Heart-Lung Foundation © 2022 The Author(s)
Obesity in Pregnancy; Obesity poses a significant maternal risk during pregnancy, after delivery, and for long-term health issues. Maternal obesity can also adversely affect outcomes for the fetus, neonate, and child. Evidence-based management of maternal obesity should be established before pregnancy and continued after delivery and over the course of a lifetime. This is a review of the factors associated with obesity in pregnancy and the management considerations for people with obesity who are considering getting pregnant, are pregnant, or have given birth. Epidemiology. Obesity is defined as a body mass index (BMI) of 30 kg/m2 or higher. Although this threshold balances the sensitivity and specificity for identifying those at risk of disease from excess body fat, it does not take into consideration individual differences in frame size, lean body mass, and fat distribution patterns. Over the past 2 decades, the prevalence of obesity in the United States has increased among women 20 to 39 years of age from 29.8% in 2001-2002 to 39.7% in 2017-2018. Of those who had a live birth in 2020, 26.7% were overweight, and 29.5% were obese. Prepregnancy obesity disproportionately affects American Indian or Alaska Native (40%), non-Hispanic Black (39%), and Hispanic (32%) women versus non-Hispanic White (26%) or non-Hispanic Asian (10%) women. Antepartum Conditions. Compared with women of normal weight, those with obesity are more likely to experience irregular or absent ovulation, less likely to conceive per cycle, and more likely to experience subfertility or infertility. Obesity has also been associated with delayed conception, increased rate of miscarriage, and poorer outcomes from assisted reproductive technology treatments.Women with obesity are also 3 to 4 times more likely to have gestational diabetes, which increases the risk of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and cesarean delivery (CD). Gestational diabetes is more prevalent in Hispanic, non-Hispanic Black, Native American, Alaska Native, or Pacific Islander women than non-Hispanic White women. Up to 70% of women with obesity can expect to develop diabetes 22 to 28 years after pregnancy. A small, but significant, positive association also has been found between obesity and maternal depressive symptoms and anxiety before and after childbirth. Stigma is associated with obesity, which can lead to more depressive symptoms, poor eating behaviors, and stress. In addition, women with poor mental health often struggle with weight management. Fetal Conditions. Maternal obesity has been associated with an increased risk of structural anomalies, including a strong causal relationship for congenital heart defects and moderate causal relationship for neural tube defects. Meta-analyses have also shown positive, dose-response associations between maternal BMI and macrosomia and large for gestational age. Among women with obesity, the risk of stillbirth is as high as 2.1 times as that in women with normal weight, although other mechanisms may be involved in reported associations. Labor, Delivery, and Postpartum Conditions. Compared with women of normal weight, those with a BMI of ≥50 kg/m2 have the highest risk of maternal morbidity during hospitalization (adjusted odds ratio [OR], 1.99; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.57-2.54). The association between maternal obesity and preterm birth is unclear, but a recent meta-analysis found a significant overall pooled OR of 1.17 (95% CI, 1.13-1.21). Although the association between obesity and preterm birth is of higher magnitude at earlier gestational ages, a dose-response effect with BMI has not been established. In addition, a study has shown that women with obesity have higher rates of labor induction, oxytocin augmentation, failure of labor to progress, and instrumental delivery than those with normal weight. There is also a higher risk of postterm birth with increasing BMI in women with BMI ≥50 kg/m2 (OR, 1.75; 95% CI, 1.50-2.04). Women with obesity are at higher risk for CD and associated complications, such as anesthesia-related complications, wound complications, excessive blood loss, venous thrombosis, postpartum endometritis, and failure of vaginal birth after CD. A meta-analysis also found that women in labor, who are obese, are more likely to experience wound, urinary tract, perineum, or chest or breast infections (pooled OR, 3.34; 95% CI, 2.74-4.06). The risk of venous thromboembolism is 4 times as high in women with obesity who are in labor, but there is a less strong association with BMI at delivery. Management Considerations. Preferably before conception, but certainly during the antepartum period, health care providers should inform women about the risks of obesity and the benefits of weight loss before pregnancy and in the long term. Counseling should include recommendations to adopt healthy eating and exercise habits, as well as discussions around actual and appropriate ranges of weight gain. Obese patients should also be screened for high blood pressure, proteinuria, depression, and obstructive sleep apnea, as well as pregestational type 2 diabetes mellitus at the initial prenatal visit with a follow-up glucose challenge test if the initial test is normal. Forwomen with BMI ≥35 kg/m2, daily intake of aspirin (75mg) is recommended from 12 weeks' gestation until birth to reduce the risk of preeclampsia. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommends weekly antenatal surveillance for fetal well-being, starting at 34 weeks of gestation for women with a prepregnancy BMI ≥40 kg/m2 and by 37 weeks for women with a prepregnancy BMI of 35 to 39 kg/m2. During labor and delivery, additional staff and equipment may be needed, depending on the patient's weight. Vaginal birth should be encouraged, and a history of bariatric surgery should not be an indication for CD. For women with obesity undergoing CD, some experts recommend increasing the preoperative dose of cefazolin, although there is mixed evidence on its clinical benefit. Some trials have assessed broadening or extending antibiotic coverage for women undergoing CD, such as adding azithromycin to standard antibiotic prophylaxis to reduce the risk of postoperative infection or a prophylactic 48-hour course of oral cephalexin and metronidazole postoperatively to reduce surgical site infections. Neuraxial anesthetic techniques should be used preferentially in patients with obesity. Mechanical thromboprophylaxis with pneumatic compression before and after CD is recommended.Weight-based dosing of pharmacologic options for thromboprophylaxis is consideredmore effective thanBMI-stratified dosage after CD in women with class III obesity. During postpartum care, women with obesity may need early breast-feeding support. Counseling should include information about the risks associated with obesity for women and infant along with recommendations for postpartum weight loss. Management of Obesity and Gestational Weight Gain. Both environmental and genetic factors play a role in positive weight balance and weight gain over time. Early obesitymanagement can minimize weight gain during pregnancy and reduce the prevalence of gestational diabetes. Studies show that when prenatal health care providers make these lifestyle recommendations, they are more successful. One study found that women who underwent motivational interviewing monthly for 7 to 8months had greater weight loss by 2 kg than a control group receiving only emotional support. However, these interventions often fail when people revert to previous eating and exercise habits after intensive management, suggesting that management of obesity requires a long-term approach. © 2023 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
A randomised placebo-controlled trial of the effectiveness of early metformin in addition to usual care in the reduction of gestational diabetes mellitus effects (EMERGE): study protocol; Background: Pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with an increased risk of adverse maternal and foetal outcomes. Current treatments for GDM involve initial medical nutritional therapy (MNT) and exercise and pharmacotherapy in those with persistent hyperglycaemia. Insulin is considered first-line pharmacotherapy but is associated with hypoglycaemia, excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) and an increased caesarean delivery rate. Metformin is safe in selected groups of women with GDM but is not first-line therapy in many guidelines due to a lack of long-term data on efficacy. The EMERGE trial will evaluate the effectiveness of early initiation of metformin in GDM. Methods: EMERGE is a phase III, superiority, parallel, 1:1 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial comparing the effectiveness of metformin versus placebo initiated by 28 weeks (+6 days) plus usual care. Women aged 18–50 years will be recruited. Women with established diabetes, multiple pregnancies, known major congenital malformation or small for gestational age (<10th centile), intolerance or contraindication to the use of metformin, shock or sepsis, current gestational hypertension or pre-eclampsia, significant gastrointestinal problems, congestive heart failure, severe mental illness or galactose intolerance are excluded. Intervention: Immediate introduction of metformin or placebo in addition to MNT and usual care. Metformin is initiated at 500mg/day and titrated to a maximum dose of 2500mg over 10 days. Women are followed up at 4 and 12 weeks post-partum to assess maternal and neonatal outcomes. The composite primary outcome measure is initiation of insulin or fasting blood glucose ≥ 5.1 mmol/L at gestational weeks 32 or 38. The secondary outcomes are the time to insulin initiation and insulin dose required; maternal morbidity at delivery; mode and time of delivery; postpartum glucose status; insulin resistance; postpartum body mass index (BMI); gestational weight gain; infant birth weight; neonatal height and head circumference at delivery; neonatal morbidities (neonatal care unit admission, respiratory distress, jaundice, congenital anomalies, Apgar score); neonatal hypoglycaemia; cost-effectiveness; treatment acceptability and quality of life determined by the EQ5D-5L scale. Discussion: The EMERGE trial will determine the effectiveness and safety of early and routine use of metformin in GDM. Trial registration: EudraCT Number 2016-001644-19l; NCT NCT02980276. Registered on 6 June 2017. © 2022, The Author(s).
Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) increases the risk of subsequent gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): A novel therapeutic perspective; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a multifactorial disorder that harms both the reproductive as well as metabolic health of women. In addition, PCOS is a leading symptom of infertility in women. Nevertheless, PCOS-afflicted women who are fortunate enough to become pregnant unfortunately have an increased risk of pregnancy complications, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, etc. Many people believe GDM disappears after childbirth, despite the fact that GDM is a warning symptom of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease (CVD). According to growing evidence, GDM complicates 40 % of PCOS pregnancies, suggesting that PCOS is a risk factor for GDM. Hence, PCOS is a lifelong disorder that can eventually lead to various long-term health complications, including chronic menstrual irregularity, infertility, endometrial hyperplasia, and endometrial cancer. Thus, it's an undeniable scientific fact that both PCOS and GDM are significantly associated with each other. However, most studies on the risk of GDM in PCOS patients are retrospective, hence inconclusive evidence exists as to whether PCOS per se is a risk factor for GDM or any other factor associated. Henceforth, we intend to get a better therapeutic perspective of the maternal health complications associated with PCOS and GDM. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Inflammation in preterm birth: Novel mechanism of preterm birth associated with innate and acquired immunity; Preterm birth (PB) is the most-frequent complication occurring during pregnancy, with a significant impact on neonatal morbidity and mortality. Chorioamnionitis (CAM), the neutrophil infiltration into chorioamniotic membranes, is a major cause of PB. However, several cases of PB have also been reported without apparent pathogenic infection or CAM. Such cases are now attributed to “sterile inflammation.” The concept of sterile inflammation has already attracted attention in various diseases, like cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, and autoimmune diseases; recently been discussed for obstetric complications such as miscarriage, PB, gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes. Sterile inflammation is induced by alarmins, such as high-mobility group box 1 (HMGB1), interleukins (IL-33 and IL-1α), and S100 proteins, that are released by cellular damage without apparent pathogenic infection. These antigens are recognized by pattern-recognition receptors, expressed mainly on antigen-presenting cells of decidua, placenta, amnion, and myometrium, which consequently trigger inflammation. In reproduction, these alarmins are associated with the development of various pregnancy complications, including PB. In this review, we have summarized the development of PB related to acute CAM, chronic CAM, and sterile inflammation as well as proposed a new mechanism for PB that involves innate immunity, acquired immunity, and sterile inflammation. © 2022 The Authors
The effect of synbiotic supplementation on atherogenic indices, hs-CRP, and malondialdehyde, as major CVD-related parameters, in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a secondary data-analysis of a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study; Background: Women with GDM have a higher risk of future cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Meanwhile, synbiotics have been demonstrated to have favorable impacts on atherogenic indices, and inflammatory and oxidative stress indicators, all of which are known to be CVD-predictive factors. The aim of this randomized controlled trial was to evaluate the effects of synbiotic supplementation on the atherogenic indices of plasma, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) in women with GDM. Methods: Eligible pregnant women with GDM were randomized into two groups to receive a daily synbiotic capsule [500 mg of L.acidophilus(5 × 1010 CFU/g), L.plantarum(1.5 × 1010 CFU/g), L.fermentum(7 × 109 CFU/g), L.Gasseri(2 × 1010 CFU/g) and 38.5 mg of fructo-oligo-saccharides], or placebo, for 6 weeks. The ratios of TC/HDL-C, LDL/HDL-C, and logTG/HDL-C were calculated as the atherogenic indices. Serum hs-CRP and MDA concentrations were quantified before and after the intervention. Cohen’s d(d) was used to calculate the magnitude of the effect. Results: Ninety participants completed the study. There was no significant difference in dietary antioxidant and mineral intakes between the two groups. Compared with placebo, synbiotic supplementation resulted in a significant decrease in logTG/HDL-C ratio with a medium–low effect size (mean difference = −0.11; 95% CI −0.21, 0; P values for the placebo and the intervention groups were 0.02, and 0.042, respectively; P between groups = 0.003; d = 0.25). No significant changes were observed in other parameters. Conclusions: Overall, 6 weeks of synbiotic supplementation in women with GDM resulted in a significant improvement in logTG/HDL-C, suggesting that synbiotics may have a beneficial role in reducing the risk of future CVDs associated with GDM. Nevertheless, more studies are needed to confirm the veracity of these results. Trial Registration IRCT201511183140N16 (December 29th, 2015). © 2022, The Author(s).
Author response to: Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: Systematic review and meta-analysis; This commentary is an author response to Yu and colleagues regarding the manuscript entitled 'Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: Systematic review and meta-analysis'. We address their concern regarding minor errors in our manuscript, our search strategy and assessment of heterogeneity.  © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Cambridge University Press in association with International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease.
Gestational diabetes mellitus (Update 2023); Gestational diabetes (GDM) is defined as any degree of glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy and is associated with increased feto-maternal morbidity as well as long-term complications in mothers and the offspring. Women detected to have diabetes early in pregnancy receive the diagnosis of overt, non-gestational, diabetes (glucose: fasting ≥ 126 mg/dl, spontaneous ≥ 200 mg/dl or HbA1c ≥ 6.5% before 20 weeks of gestation). GDM is diagnosed by an oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT) or increased fasting glucose (≥ 92 mg/dl). Screening for undiagnosed type 2 diabetes at the first prenatal visit is recommended in women at increased risk (history of GDM/pre-diabetes; malformation, stillbirth, successive abortions or birth weight > 4500 g previously; obesity, metabolic syndrome, age > 35 years, vascular disease; clinical symptoms of diabetes (e.g. glucosuria) or ethnic origin with increased risk for GDM/T2DM (Arab, South- and Southeast Asian, Latin American)) using standard diagnostic criteria. Performance of the oGTT (120 min; 75 g glucose) may already be indicated in the first trimester in high-risk women but is mandatory between gestational week 24–28 in all pregnant women with previous non-pathological glucose metabolism. Following WHO recommendations, which are based on the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome (HAPO) study, GDM is defined, if fasting venous plasma glucose is ≥ 92 mg/dl or 1 h ≥ 180 mg/dl or 2 h ≥ 153 mg/dl after glucose loading (international consensus criteria). In case of one pathological value a strict metabolic control is mandatory. After bariatric surgery we do not recommend to perform an oGTT due to risk of postprandial hypoglycemia. All women with GDM should receive nutritional counseling, be instructed in blood glucose self-monitoring and motivated to increase physical activity to moderate intensity levels—if not contraindicated (Evidence level A). If blood glucose levels cannot be maintained in the therapeutic range (fasting < 95 mg/dl and 1 h after meals < 140 mg/dl, Evidence level B) insulin therapy should be initiated as first choice (Evidence level A). Maternal and fetal monitoring is required in order to minimize maternal and fetal/neonatal morbidity and perinatal mortality. Regular obstetric examinations including ultrasound examinations are recommended (Evidence level A). Neonatal care of GDM offspring at high risk for hypoglycaemia includes blood glucose measurements after birth and if necessary appropriate intervention. Monitoring the development of the children and recommendation of healthy lifestyle are important issues to be tackled for the whole family. After delivery all women with GDM have to be reevaluated as to their glucose tolerance by a 75 g oGTT (WHO criteria) 4–12 weeks postpartum. Assessment of glucose parameters (fasting glucose, random glucose, HbA1c or optimally oGTT) are recommended every 2–3 years in case of normal glucose tolerance. All women have to be instructed about their increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease at follow-up. Possible preventive meassures, in particular lifestyle changes as weight management and maintenance/increase of physical activity should be discussed (evidence level A). © 2023, The Author(s).
The risk for future cerebrovascular disease in pregnant women with Moyamoya disease: a nationwide population-based study in South Korea; Background: Physiologic changes during pregnancy affect the development of postpartum cerebrovascular disease (CVD) in women with Moyamoya disease. Due to the rare prevalence of Moyamoya disease and its large regional variations, large-scale based studies on the risk of CVD after delivery have not been conducted. This study aimed to evaluate whether women with Moyamoya disease have an increased risk of CVD after delivery. Methods: Research data was collected from the National Health Insurance Claims Database of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service. Patients who delivered in Korea from 2007 to 2014 were enrolled in this study. We classified women as having CVD if they were diagnosed with any of the following conditions between delivery and December 31, 2016; cerebral infarction (I63.X in the International Classification of Diseases-10th Revision [ICD-10]) and/or intracranial hemorrhage (I61.X, I62.X in ICD-10) and/or subarachnoid hemorrhage (I60.X in ICD-10). Women with Moyamoya disease were identified as having I67.5 in ICD-10. We matched the study cohort by the ratio of 1:10 to analyze the risk CVD occurrence. The matching technique applied in this study was based on the variables of age and parity. To evaluate the adjusted hazard ratio (HR) for CVD in women with Moyamoya disease, we used multivariate Cox proportional hazard regression. Results: Among a total of 3,611,216 Korean women who underwent delivered, we identified 412 women with Moyamoya disease diagnosis and 1420 age- and parity-matched women without Moyamoya disease (control). Compared to the control group, women with Moyamoya disease had a significantly higher rate of Cesarean section, overt DM, and essential hypertension (all p < 0.0001). Among women with Moyamoya disease, 55 (13.35%) women developed CVD within the follow-up postpartum period. The presence of Moyamoya disease was associated with an increased risk of CVD after delivery (adjusted HR 37.42; 95% confidence interval (CI) 17.50-80.02 within 2.3 years) after adjusting for pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, pregestational diabetes, chronic hypertension. Conclusion: This population based study showed that the occurrence rate of CVD after delivery was higher in women with Moyamoya disease than in those without. Therefore, careful and long-term postpartum surveillance is required for women with Moyamoya disease. © 2022, The Author(s).
Association of adverse pregnancy outcomes and multiple gestation with natural menopause: A population-based cohort study; Objective: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and early menopause are each associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD); whether APOs are associated with age at menopause is unclear. We examined the association of gestational diabetes (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), preterm birth, and multiple gestation with age at natural menopause. Study design: Observational, prospective study within the Nurses' Health Study II cohort (1989–2019). Main outcomes measures: Risk of early natural menopause, defined as occurring before the age of 45 years, and age at onset of natural menopause (hazard ratio (HR) >1 indicates younger age at menopause). Results: The mean [SD] baseline age of 69,880 parous participants was 34.5 [4.7] years. Compared with participants who had a term singleton first birth, those with a term multiple-gestation first birth had higher risk of early menopause (HR: 1.65, 95% CI: 1.05, 2.60) and younger age at natural menopause (HR: 1.46, 95% CI: 1.31, 1.63). Estimates for preterm multiple gestation were of similar magnitude. Menopause occurred at a younger age for those with a preterm birth with spontaneous labor (HR: 1.08, 95% CI: 1.03, 1.14) compared to those with a term birth with spontaneous labor. Conversely, estimates for GDM (HR: 0.95, 95% CI: 0.89, 1.02) and HDP (preeclampsia, HR: 0.93, 95% CI: 0.89, 0.97) suggested an association with older age at menopause. Conclusions: In this large cohort study, several statistically significant associations between APOs and age at natural menopause were observed. A deeper understanding of the relationships among APOs, menopause, and CVD is needed to help identify people at higher risk for early menopause and later CVD. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Advanced maternal age and adverse obstetrical and neonatal outcomes of singleton pregnancies; Objective: To assess the impact of advanced maternal age on pregnancy and childbirth outcomes of singleton pregnancies. Study design: We retrospectively assessed singleton pregnant mothers who gave birth at Khaleej-e-Fars Hospital in Bandar Abbas, Iran, from January 2020 to January 2022. Demographic and obstetrical factors include educational level, medical insurance, residency place, access to prenatal care facilities, number of prenatal care visits, smoking status, gestational age, parity, infertility, maternal comorbidities, preeclampsia, eclampsia, preterm birth, low birth weight (LBW), intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), macrosomia, placenta abnormalities (previa/acreta), placenta abruption, chorioamnionitis, meconium fluid, fetal distress, methods of delivery, rate of cesarean section (CS), perineal lacerations, postpartum hemorrhage, childbirth injury, shoulder dystocia, congenital malformation, neonatal asphyxia, and unfavorable maternal and neonatal outcome were compared between two groups. The Chi-square test assessed the relationship between categorical factors and maternal age groups. The influence of advanced maternal age on the risk of unfavorable pregnancy outcomes was evaluated using bivariate and multivariate logistic regression. Results: Of 8354 singleton deliveries, 22.2% belonged to advanced-age mothers. Advanced-age mothers had less education than those aged 20–34 years old. Chronic hypertension, cardiovascular disease, overt diabetes, and thyroid dysfunction were more prevalent among advanced-age mothers. Compared with mothers aged 20–34 years, mothers aged 35 years and higher had a significantly higher risk of gestational diabetes (aOR: 3.18, 95%CI: 1.56–6.95), preeclampsia (aOR: 2.91, 95%CI: 1.35–4.72), placenta abnormalities (aOR: 1.09, 95%CI: 0.77–1.94), CS (aOR: 3.16, 95%CI: 1.51–3.87), postpartum hemorrhage (aOR: 1.94, 95%CI: 1.24–2.61), intensive care unit admission (aOR: 1.36, 95% CI: 1.15–1.99), LBW (aOR: 1.35, 95%CI: 0.97–2.96), preterm birth (aOR: 2.36, 95%CI: 1.65–4.83), stillbirth (aOR: 1.18, 95%CI: 1.01–3.16), and neonatal intensive care admission (aOR: 2.09, 95%CI: 0.73–3.92). According to bivariate regression, the risk of meconium fluid was lower in advanced-age mothers; however, the result of multivariate logistic regression found no correlation between advanced age and the Incidence of meconium fluid. Conclusion: Advanced-age mothers are at increased risk of adverse pregnancy and childbirth outcomes, which persist even after adjusting for several potential confounders. © 2022 The Authors
Maternal Cardiac Changes in Women With Obesity and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; OBJECTIVE We investigated if women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the third trimester of pregnancy exhibit adverse cardiac alterations in myocardial energetics, function, or tissue characteristics. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS Thirty-eight healthy, pregnant women and 30 women with GDM were recruited. Participants underwent phosphorus MRS and cardiovascular magnetic resonance for assessment of myocardial energetics (phosphocreatine [PCr] to ATP ratio), tissue characteristics, biventricular volumes and ejection fractions, left ventricular (LV) mass, global longitudinal shortening (GLS), and mitral in-flow E-wave to A-wave ratio. RESULTS Participants were matched for age, gestational age, and ethnicity. The following data are reported as mean ± SD. The women with GDM had higher BMI (27 ± 4 vs. 33 ± 5 kg/m2; P = 0.0001) and systolic (115 ± 11 vs. 121 ± 13 mmHg; P = 0.04) and diastolic (72 ± 7 vs. 76 ± 9 mmHg; P = 0.04) blood pressures. There was no difference in N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide concentrations between the groups. The women with GDM had lower myocardial PCr to ATP ratio (2.2 ± 0.3 vs. 1.9 ± 0.4; P < 0.0001), accompanied by lower LV end-diastolic volumes (76 ± 12 vs. 67 ± 11 mL/m2; P = 0.002) and higher LV mass (90 ± 13 vs. 103 ± 18 g; P = 0.001). Although ventricular ejection fractions were similar, the GLS was reduced in women with GDM (220% ± 3% vs. 218% ± 3%; P = 0.008). CONCLUSIONS Despite no prior diagnosis of diabetes, women with obesity and GDM manifest impaired myocardial contractility and higher LV mass, associated with reductions in myocardial energetics in late pregnancy compared with lean women with healthy pregnancy. These findings may aid our understanding of the long-term cardiovascular risks associated with GDM. © 2022 by the American Diabetes Association.
Diminished substrate-mediated cardiac mitochondrial respiration and elevated autophagy in adult male offspring of gestational diabetic rats; Objective: Heart diseases are common in offspring of gestational diabetic mother (ODM). Defects in mitochondrial metabolism and autophagy may be one of the basic reasons behind the abnormal structural and functional behaviour of offspring’s heart. So the main objective of the present study was to explore the cardiac mitochondrial respiration and autophagy in male and female offspring of diabetic pregnancy at two different developmental stages of life. Methods: High-resolution respirometry was used to measure substrate-mediated mitochondrial respiration in isolated mitochondria from ventricular tissues of offspring of streptozotocin-induced diabetic mother rats. To find the expression of proteins involved in autophagic process and oxidative stress, western blotting and densitometric analysis were done. Results: Mitochondrial complex I and complex II respiration was found to be decreased in adult male offspring while it was unaltered or less affected in weaning male and female offspring. Elevated autophagy was shown by adult male, while there was no change observed in adult female. Also absence of elevated expression of oxidative stress markers was observed in all groups. Concusion: The present study reports altered cardiac mitochondrial respiration and autophagy in male offspring of diabetic mothers than the control ones. The study also analysed the expression of various candidates of cardiac autophagic process in male and female offspring of diabetic pregnancy at two time points of development. This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved.
A Review on Autism Spectrum Disorder: Pathogenesis, Biomarkers, Pharmacological and Non-Pharmacological Interventions; Autistic spectrum disorder (ASD) is a complicated developmental disease characterized by persistent difficulties in social interaction, speech and nonverbal communication, and restricted/ repetitive activities. Our goal is to deliver a step ahead awareness on neurodevelopment in ASD through early behavioral screenings, genetic testing, and detection of various environmental triggers. This would significantly reduce the tally of people with autistic characteristics. As of now, much work is to be done in understanding and treating ASD. Firstly, awareness campaigns must be organized and maintained so that ASD children can be identified and treated feasibly. Secondly, prenatal and pre-pregnancy environmental risk awareness, including advice against consanguineous marriages, information on optimum mother nutrition, and minimizing pollutants exposure, can be focused. Finally, the extension of genetic screening along with early postnatal monitoring of newborn feeding, nutrition, and eye contact will help in early therapy. People with ASD have strict dietary habits, but they are also more prone to gastrointestinal problems, including diarrhoea, constipation, and sometimes irritable bowel syndrome. Despite significant studies on the symptoms and possible causes of ASD, GI dysfunction is becoming a hot issue of discussion. Dietary strategies can partially help to alleviate both GI and behavioural issues due to the link between gut-microbiota and brain activity. Dietary treatments may be less expensive, easier to administer and have fewer adverse effects than pharmacological in-terventions. Hence, there is an increasing interest in autistic children's customized diets and supple-ments. Future studies should look at whether these diets are applicable to diverse people and whether they are practical in various circumstances (areas with fewer resources, lower socioeconomic areas, countries with different dietary restrictions, etc.). The dietary phytochemicals, including curcumin, resveratrol, naringenin, and sulforaphane, have a substantial role as neurotherapeutic agents. These agents can act as an antioxidant, immunomodulator, gut microbiota modulator and Nrf2 activator to provide benefits to ASD patients. Hence an urgent need is to create brain-targeted delivery methods for these dietary phytochemicals and to investigate their therapeutic value in ASD. © 2023 Bentham Science Publishers.
Relationship between clockwise rotation of ECG and adverse pregnancy outcome; Objective: To observe the incidence of adverse pregnancy outcome in pregnant women with clockwise cardiac rotation indicated by electrocardiogram (ECG) and analyze its clinical significance. Methods: A retrospective study was performed on 12 827 pregnant women who were admitted to Guangdong Province Maternity and Child Health Hospital for ECG examination from January 1st, 2016 to December 31st, 2018 (from card establishment to 27+6 weeks of gestation). The participants were dichotomized two groups according to the presence and absence of clockwise rotation in ECG. The associations of clockwise rotation with stillbirth, preeclampsia and thrombotic disease were analyzed. The significant covariates (including age, body mass index, gravidity, parity, gestational hypertension, multifile pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and pregestational diabetes mellitus) using univariate analysis were adjusted by multivariate logistic analysis. Results: Out of the pregnant women in middle and early pregnancy, there were 134 pregnant women with clockwise cardiac rotation and 12 693 pregnant women without cardiac transposition. The incidence of thrombotic disease in patients with clockwise rotation was significantly higher than that in patients without clockwise rotation [2.24% (3/134) is 0.07% (9/12 693), P<0.01]. After multivariable adjustment, the risk of thrombotic disease in pregnant women with clockwise rotation remained significantly higher (OR = 28.824, 95% CI; 7.248-114.618, P<0.01). Conclusion: Although the prevalence of ECG-indicated clockwise rotation is low among pregnant women during pregnancy, it may be related to thrombotic disease, suggesting that further screening should be conducted for the related risks of thrombotic disease. © 2022 Editorial Department of Chinese Journal of Clinical Research. All rights reserved.
Effect of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus on the Growth, Development, and Stem Cells of Offspring; The effects of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on offspring include macrosomia, hypoglycemia, respiratory distress syndrome, cardiovascular disease, neural and mental injury, etc. The effects of GDM on the health status of offspring are sustained although pregnancy has ended. It has been proposed that fetal reprogramming causes long-term consequences to metabolic health in offspring. An intrauterine high-glucose environment may lead to changes in the multi-differentiation proficiency of intracorporal stem cells, showing decreased proliferation and osteogenic ability, increased adipogenic ability, accelerated apoptosis, and occurrence of premature failure. This environment also reduces the mobilization of bone marrow stem cells, whereas it increases that of medullary cells. This results in pro-inflammatory conditions and sustained inflammation in the body, thereby increasing the risk of obesity, cardiovascular and neurological disorders, and metabolic abnormalities. Stem cells derived from the amniotic membrane, umbilical cord, or placenta may be a reliable predictor of the long-term effects of GDM on offspring. The levels of blood glucose during pregnancy should be effectively controlled to reduce harm to the neonate.  © Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Prevention and control of non-communicable diseases in antenatal, intrapartum, and postnatal care: a systematic scoping review of clinical practice guidelines since 2011; Background: Non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are a leading cause of maternal mortality and morbidity worldwide. The World Health Organization is developing new recommendations focusing on the management of NCDs for pregnant, intrapartum, and postnatal women. Thus, to support the development of new guidelines and recommendations, we aimed to determine the availability, focus, and scope of recommendations of current guidelines for the management of NCDs during pregnancy, intrapartum, and postnatal period. Methods: PubMed, Global Index Medicus, TRIP, and Guideline International Network databases were searched on 31 May 2021, to identify any NCD-related guidelines published between 2011 and 2021 with no language or country restrictions. Websites of 165 professional organizations were also searched. Characteristics of included guidelines were analyzed, and recommendations were extracted from guidelines of five high-priority NCD conditions (diabetes, chronic hypertension, respiratory conditions, hemoglobinopathies and sickle cell disease, and mental and substance use disorders). Results: From 6026 citations and 165 websites, 405 guidelines were included of which 132 (33%) were pregnancy-specific and 285 (88%) were developed in high-income countries. Among pregnancy-specific guidelines, the most common conditions for which recommendations were provided were gestational diabetes, circulatory diseases, thyroid disorders, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. For the five high-priority conditions, 47 guidelines were identified which provided 1834 recommendations, largely focused on antenatal care interventions (62%) such as early detection, screening tools, pharmacological treatment, and lifestyle education. Postnatal recommendations largely covered postnatal clinical assessments, lifestyle education, and breastfeeding. Health system recommendations largely covered multidisciplinary care teams and strengthening referral pathways. Conclusions: This study provides a robust assessment of currently available guidelines and mapping of recommendations on NCD management within maternal health services, which will inform the scope of the World Health Organization’s future guideline development activities. This study identified a need to develop guidelines that consider NCDs holistically, with an integrated approach to antenatal, intrapartum, and postnatal care, and that are relevant for resource-limited contexts. Any such guidelines should consider what interventions are most essential to improving outcomes for women with NCDs and their newborns, and how variations in quality of NCD-related care can be addressed. © 2022, The Author(s).
Maternal hypothyroidism and its effect on placental histopathology in singleton live births resulting from in vitro fertilization treatment; We aimed to examine the impact of maternal hypothyroidism on placental pathology and perinatal outcomes in singleton live births resulting from IVF, using medical records of IVF births between 2009 and 2017 at a tertiary hospital. The primary outcomes included anatomical, inflammation, vascular malperfusion, and villous maturation placental features. Secondary outcomes included foetal, maternal, perinatal, and delivery complications. There were 1,057 live births, of which 103 (9.7%) and 954 (90.3%) were in the study and control groups, respectively. Patients in the study group were more likely to have diabetes mellitus, polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, and non-reassuring foetal heart rate (NRFHR) tracing during delivery. After adjustment for potential confounding factors, hypothyroidism was significantly associated with the bilobed placenta (aOR 4.1; 95% CI 1.2–14.3), retroplacental haematoma (aOR 2.4; 95% CI 1.2–4.9), decidual arteriopathy (aOR 2.0; 95% CI 1.2–4.1) and subchorionic thrombi (aOR 2.4; 95% CI 1.3–5.0). Additionally, there was a statistically significant relationship with NRFHR tracing. The incidence of acute chorioamnionitis and severe foetal inflammatory response was higher in the study group. In conclusion, the placental histopathology patterns of singleton IVF live births show that maternal hypothyroidism has a significant impact on adverse perinatal outcomes. © 2021 The British Fertility Society.
Pregnancy as an opportunity to prevent type 2 diabetes mellitus: FIGO Best Practice Advice; Gestational diabetes (GDM) impacts approximately 17 million pregnancies worldwide. Women with a history of GDM have an 8–10-fold higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes and a 2-fold higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) compared with women without prior GDM. Although it is possible to prevent and/or delay progression of GDM to type 2 diabetes, this is not widely undertaken. Considering the increasing global rates of type 2 diabetes and CVD in women, it is essential to utilize pregnancy as an opportunity to identify women at risk and initiate preventive intervention. This article reviews existing clinical guidelines for postpartum identification and management of women with previous GDM and identifies key recommendations for the prevention and/or delayed progression to type 2 diabetes for global clinical practice. © 2023 The Authors. International Journal of Gynecology & Obstetrics published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.
Physical activity and pregnancy outcomes: an expert review; This expert review aimed to assess current literature on the effect and tracking of physical activity during pregnancy and associated outcomes. Self-reported physical activity may be inaccurate given the subjective nature of the questionnaires. The accelerometer ActiGraph is considered the “gold standard” to objectively measure physical activity. However, other more user-friendly wearable devices are now widely available and may accurately track physical activity. Conclusive data from both validated activity questionnaires and accelerometers indicate that physical activity is safe during pregnancy. In addition, studies of physical activity during pregnancy that evaluate pregnancy outcomes have found reduced risks of preterm birth, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus and improved mental health among individuals who regularly engage in physical activity. In the United States, approximately 48% of pregnant individuals gain more than the recommended amount of weight during pregnancy; excessive gestational weight gain is associated with an increased risk of maternal and fetal complications, including preterm birth, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus, and corresponding higher adverse short- and long-term maternal and offspring health outcomes. Although physical activity is safe during pregnancy and may reduce excessive gestational weight gain and resultant pregnancy complications, further research is needed to determine the frequency and duration of specific types of physical activity during pregnancy. Providers should encourage physical activity before and during pregnancy and educate patients regarding the benefits and safety of physical activity. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Adverse Effects of Black Carbon (BC) Exposure during Pregnancy on Maternal and Fetal Health: A Contemporary Review; Black carbon (BC) is a major component of ambient particulate matter (PM), one of the six Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Criteria air pollutants. The majority of research on the adverse effects of BC exposure so far has been focused on respiratory and cardiovascular systems in children. Few studies have also explored whether prenatal BC exposure affects the fetus, the placenta and/or the course of pregnancy itself. Thus, this contemporary review seeks to elucidate state-of-the-art research on this understudied topic. Epidemiological studies have shown a correlation between BC and a variety of adverse effects on fetal health, including low birth weight for gestational age and increased risk of preterm birth, as well as cardiometabolic and respiratory system complications following maternal exposure during pregnancy. There is epidemiological evidence suggesting that BC exposure increases the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus, as well as other maternal health issues, such as pregnancy loss, all of which need to be more thoroughly investigated. Adverse placental effects from BC exposure include inflammatory responses, interference with placental iodine uptake, and expression of DNA repair and tumor suppressor genes. Taking into account the differences in BC exposure around the world, as well as interracial disparities and the need to better understand the underlying mechanisms of the health effects associated with prenatal exposure, toxicological research examining the effects of early life exposure to BC is needed. © 2022 by the authors.
Effectiveness of a nurse practitioner-led cardiovascular prevention clinic at reduction of metabolic syndrome following maternal complications of pregnancy: a preliminary analysis; Aim: Maternal complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, intrauterine growth restriction, preterm labour, and placental abruption, are associated with increased risk of future cardiometabolic disease. Lifestyle interventions that focus on preventative strategies for this young, high-risk population of women may assist in cardiometabolic disease risk reduction. The aim of this preliminary registry analysis was to observe the change in maternal metabolic syndrome status after receiving a nurse practitioner-led lifestyle intervention delivered soon after a complicated pregnancy. Method: This preliminary analysis included 64 eligible women who had attended both baseline (approximately 6 months postpartum) and review (approximately eighteen months postpartum) appointments at the postpartum lifestyle clinic after an index pregnancy complicated by at least one maternal complication of pregnancy. Metabolic syndrome status at both appointments was assessed. Results: At the baseline appointment, 22 (34.4%) women met the criteria for metabolic syndrome. This number reduced at the review appointment to 19 (29.7%). This difference was not statistically significant. There were some modest improvements in the individual cardiometabolic risk factors, as well as marked improvements in the women who had recovered from metabolic syndrome over twelve months. Conclusion: There was a high percentage of metabolic syndrome present early in the postpartum period. The results of this preliminary analysis highlight the importance of continuing preventative care and ongoing research for this group of high-risk women. © 2022, The Author(s).
Pregnancy maternal fetal outcomes among pregnancies complicated with atrioventricular block; Background: Atrioventricular block (AVB) during pregnancy is rare. Case study for pregnancy with AVB have been reported but a consensus guideline for peripartum management has not been established. This study aimed to investigate cardiac and obstetric complications and outcomes in our pregnant women with AVB and share our management experience. Methods: This was a retrospective study. We reviewed a total of 74 pregnant women with AVB who delivered at our tertiary care center in the past 10 years. The patients were categorized into four groups according to the degree of block. The data were analyzed and compared among the four groups of patients. Results: Regarding the cardiac complications, the cardiac function level showed significant difference among patient groups. The higher NYHA class were observed in patients with higher degree AVB. Pacemaker was placed before delivery in 32/33 patients with III° AVB, 8/25 patients with II° AVB, and 0/16 patient with I° AVB. Other types of arrhythmias except AVB were present in all groups of patients but more frequently observed in type I patients with II° AVB. No other heart abnormalities were observed among the patient groups. Obstetric complications were found in 21 women (28.4%), including premature labor, premature rupture of membranes (PROM), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, etc. The incidence rate of fetal cardiac abnormalities was 6.58%. But no statistical difference was detected among four groups of patients for fetal and maternal complications and fetal cardiac abnormalities (P>0.05). Caesarean section was performed more in patients with high-degree AVB than in patients with low-degree AVB. No maternal or neonatal death in our cases. Conclusions: Most women with AVB could achieve successful pregnancy and delivery. Patients with II° AVB type II and III° AVB should be monitored vigilantly during pregnancy and post-partum. Temporary pacing before delivery appeared to be beneficial for women with III°AVB, and accurate diagnosis and care by a multidisciplinary team was recommended. © 2022, The Author(s).
Dynamic changes in gut microbiota during pregnancy among Chinese women and influencing factors: A prospective cohort study; Gut microbiota (GM) dynamics during pregnancy vary among different populations and are affected by many factors, such as living environments and diet. This study aims to observe and evaluate the changes in the structure and function of the GM from the first to the third trimester of pregnancy in Chinese women, and to explore the main factors affecting the changes in intestinal microecology. Fifty-five Chinese pregnant women were recruited for this study and their fecal samples were collected during the first (P1), second (P2), and third trimesters (P3) of pregnancy. We exploited metagenomic sequencing to compare the composition and function of the GM in different pregnancy periods. Bioinformatic analysis revealed that there were differences in the composition of the GM among P1, P2, and P3, as indicated by the increase in α-diversity and β-diversity of the GM and the differences in the relative abundances of distinct bacterial phyla. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was the main factor (P < 0.05) that affected the changes in GM at various stages of pregnancy. There were also disparities in the structure of the GM between the GDM group and non-GDM group in the P1, P2, and P3. The GDM group exhibited increased abundances in Ruminococcus_gnavus, Akkermansia_muciniphila, Alistipes_shahii, Blautia_obeum, and Roseburia_intestinalis; while, the abundances of Bacteroides coprocola, Bacteroides plebeius, Erysipelatoclostridium ramosum, and Prevotella copri were increased in the non-GDM group. Three of the four species enriched in the non-GDM group manifestied significantly negative correlations with the insulin-signaling pathway and lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis (r ≤ −0.3, adjusted P < 0.05). In the GDM group, Bacteroides vulgatus and Ruminococcus gnavus were significantly and positively correlated with insulin signaling pathway and lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis (r ≤ −0.3, adjusted P < 0.05) among the species enriched from early pregnancy. Virtually all of the species enriched in P2 and P3 were positively correlated with steroid hormone biosynthesis. These results suggest a potential role for the GM in the development of GDM, enabling the potential prevention of GDM by targeting the GM. Copyright © 2023 Li, Zhang, Cui, Zhang, Zhou, Mu, Chi, Zhang and Ma.
Does depression increase the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus? A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: Data on the relationship between depression and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is scarce and conflicting. We, hereby, aimed to review evidence if prior depression increases the risk of GDM. Methods: PubMed, Embase, CENTRAL, and Google Scholar databases were searched from inception to 11th September 2021 for English language studies reporting the relationship between depression and subsequent risk of GDM. Results: Ten studies were included. Meta-analysis of data from nine studies including 127,195 patients indicated that prior depression was associated with a significantly increased risk of GDM (OR: 1.29 95% CI: 1.10, 1.52). There was no change in the significance of the results on sensitivity analysis. On subgroup analysis based on study location, we noted that the association between depression and GDM was seen only in USA-based studies with the pooled analysis of non-USA studies indicating no such relationship. Similar conflicting results were noted on subgroup analysis based on diagnostic criteria for GDM and depression. Conclusion: Our study indicates that prior depression can lead to a 29% increased risk of GDM in pregnant females. Current evidence is derived from a limited number of studies with significant heterogeneity in the timing and diagnostic criteria for depression. © 2023, Professional Medical Publications. All rights reserved.
Trends and burden of diabetes in pregnancy among Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal mothers in Western Australia, 1998–2015; Background: Diabetes in pregnancy (DIP), which includes pre-gestational and gestational diabetes, is more prevalent among Aboriginal women. DIP and its adverse neonatal outcomes are associated with diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the offspring. This study investigated the impact of DIP on trends of large for gestational age (LGA) in Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal populations, and added to the limited evidence on temporal trends of DIP burden in these populations. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study that included all births in Western Australia between 1998 and 2015 using linked population health datasets. Time trends of age-standardised and crude rates of pre-gestational and gestational diabetes were estimated in Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal mothers. Mixed-effects multivariable logistic regression was used to estimate the association between DIP and population LGA trends over time. Results: Over the study period, there were 526,319 births in Western Australia, of which 6.4% were to Aboriginal mothers. The age-standardised annual rates of pre-gestational diabetes among Aboriginal mothers rose from 4.3% in 1998 to 5.4% in 2015 and remained below 1% in non-Aboriginal women. The comparable rates for gestational diabetes increased from 6.7 to 11.5% over the study period in Aboriginal women, and from 3.5 to 10.2% among non-Aboriginal mothers. LGA rates in Aboriginal babies remained high with inconsistent and no improvement in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes and pre-gestational diabetes, respectively. Regression analyses showed that DIP explained a large part of the increasing LGA rates over time in Aboriginal babies. Conclusions: There has been a substantial increase in the burden of pre-gestational diabetes (Aboriginal women) and gestational diabetes (Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal) in recent decades. DIP appears to substantially contribute to increasing trends in LGA among Aboriginal babies. © 2022, The Author(s).
Infants with macrosomia and infants of diabetic mothers have increased carotid artery intima-media thickness in childhood; Incidence of diabetes during pregnancy is increasing worldwide, and intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure may have long-term adverse effects on the cardiovascular health of children. We investigated prospectively the risk of atherosclerosis and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) in infants born macrosomic and in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) at the age of 8–9 years in 2021. A total of 49 infants of diabetic mothers (IDM group) and 13 macrosomic infants (macrosomic group) were included in the study. They were compared with 26 age-matched healthy children with birth weight appropriate for gestational age born to non-diabetic mothers (control group). Anthropometric measurements, atherosclerosis risk factors, and CIMT measurements were performed. There was no significant difference between the groups in terms of age, gender, actual anthropometric measurements, blood pressure measurements, laboratory parameters, or atherosclerosis risk factors. Gestational age was lower in the IDM group (p < 0.001), while birth weight was higher in the macrosomic group (p < 0.001). High-density lipoprotein cholesterol level was lower in the IDM group than the other groups. Duration of exclusive and total breastfeeding was lower in IDM group than in the control group (p < 0.001 for both). Body mass index, skinfold thickness, waist-to-hip ratio, and waist-to-height ratio were higher in those breastfed for less than 6 months in the IDM group. The CIMT values were statistically higher in IDM [0.43 ± 0.047 (0.34–0.60)] and macrosomic [0.40 ± 0.055 (0.33–0.50)] groups than control group [0.34 ± 0.047 (0.26–0.45)]. Conclusion: CIMT values were higher in IDM and macrosomic groups at 8–9 years old age compared to children born with normal birth weight. This indicates intrauterine exposure in both groups. And also, breastfeeding seems very important for IDMs.What is Known:• Intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure has long-term adverse effects on the cardiovascular health of children.• Infants of diabetic mothers have higher carotid artery intima-media thickness at birth.What is New:• Both infants of diabetic mothers and infants with macrosomia have increased carotid artery intima-media thickness at the age of 8-9 years.• Duration of breast feeding is important especially in infants of diabetic mothers as body mass index, skinfold thickness, waist to hip and height ratio were higher in those breastfed less than 6 months. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Feasibility and acceptability of continuous at-home glucose monitoring during pregnancy: a mixed-methods pilot study; Background: Continuous monitoring of glucose (CGM) via subcutaneous patch is an accurate self-monitoring tool of blood glucose, but also introduces a range of additional benefits such as real-time feedback. While its value among pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is established in high-income countries, little is known about the feasibility and acceptability among pregnant women without GDM in low-resource settings in low- and middle-income countries. Objectives: This study aims to assess the feasibility and acceptability of CGM with pregnant mothers in South Africa and to explore the value of a collected data set for GDM prevention. Methods: Ten women between 12 and 18 weeks pregnant were recruited from the antenatal clinic at Chris Hani Baragwanath Academic Hospital into a prospective mixed-methods pilot study. Demographic and anthropometric data, HbA1c and a lipid panel were collected. Women then wore two consecutive Freestyle Libre 2 patches for a total of 28 days. In-depth interviews were undertaken with all 10 women on study exit to explore themes of acceptability and the use of technology during pregnancy. Thematic analysis was performed on the qualitative data while exploratory data-analysis techniques were applied to the CGM data. Results: Pregnant women (n = 10) had a mean (SD) age of 29.81 years (4.39), with most being unemployed (8), unmarried (8) and without a tertiary degree (7). Analysis suggests that fear of use was greater than the actual discomfort experienced during use of the CGM patch. The main barrier to use was the patch falling off and women being uncomfortable to reapply it. This was borne out by all 10 women wearing the first patch for at least 12 of the 14 days, but only 4 managing the same with patch two–primarily applied by themselves at home. Women expressed support for the use of technology during pregnancy, especially as it related to feeling that their pregnancy was being monitored and that they were being supported. Conclusion: In this pilot study, women overwhelmingly found the wearing of a CGM patch during pregnancy to be acceptable. Feasibility was reasonable with most data being successfully retrieved from the devices over a two-week period. Longer use was found to have additional challenges. The use of CGM patches appear to be a possible candidate for inclusion in GDM prevention or behavioural interventions during pregnancy in South Africa. © 2022 The Author(s). Co-published by NISC Pty (Ltd) and Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Novel TCF7L2 familial linkage and association with Type 2 diabetes, depression, and their comorbidity; OBJECTIVE: Alterations in the activity of the transcription factor 7-like 2 (TCF7L2) generate defects previously associated with neuropsychiatric disorders. We investigated the role of the TCF7L2 gene in major depressive disorder (MDD), type 2 diabetes (T2D), and MDD-T2D comorbidity. We tested whether TCF7L2 is in linkage to and/or in linkage disequilibrium (LD, namely association) with MDD, T2D, and MDD-T2D. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In 212 families with T2D and MDD in the Italian population, we analyzed 80 microarray-based SNPs using Pseudomarker software for linkage to and LD with T2D and MDD under the recessive model with complete penetrance (R1). In a secondary analysis, we tested the variants under the dominant models with complete penetrance (D1), recessive with incomplete penetrance (R2), and recessive with incomplete penetrance (R2). RESULTS: We found several novel linkage signals and genetic associations. In addition, we found two new transcription-factor (TF) binding sites created by two risk variants found: the MDD-risk variant rs12255179 creates a new TF-binding site for the CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein α (C/EBPα), and the T2D-risk variant rs61872794 creates a new TF-binding site for the organic cation-uptake transporter (OCT1). Both new binding sites are related to insulin metabolism. CONCLUSIONS: These results highlight the cross-interactivity between T2D and MDD. Further replication is needed in diverse ethnic groups. © 2023 Verduci Editore s.r.l. All rights reserved.
Reducing Birth Defects by Decreasing the Prevalence of Maternal Chronic Diseases—Evaluated by Linked National Registration Dataset; Birth defects (BDs) are an important cause of abortion, stillbirth, and infant mortality that may cause lifelong disability. The defects can be caused by genetics, environmental exposure, or maternal chronic diseases. We conducted a study to analyze the association between maternal chronic diseases and BDs and to evaluate the effect of decreasing the prevalence of maternal chronic diseases on reducing BDs. The data of newborns and their mothers were concatenated and analyzed from three national population databases: the National Health Insurance Research Database, the Birth Certificate Application, and the Birth Registration Database in Taiwan during the period of 2005 to 2014. Codes 740-759 of the International Classification of Diseases 9th Revision—Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) were used as the diagnosis of BDs. The prevalence of BDs was 2.72%. Mothers with cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, anemia, genitourinary tract infections, renal diseases, neurotic or psychotic disorders, gestational diabetes mellitus (DM), and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM had a significantly higher prevalence of BDs. The population attributable risk percent (PAR%) of BDs was 1.63%, 0.55%, 0.18%, 1.06%, 0.45%, 0.22%, 0.48%, and 0.24% for maternal hypertension, cardiovascular disease, renal disease, genitourinary infection, anemia, neurotic and psychotic disorders, gestational DM, and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM, respectively. The percentage change (−1%, −5%, and −10% of prevalence in 2034 compared with the prevalence in 2005–2014) of maternal disease and the predicted number of live births was used to estimate the decrease in the number of newly diagnosed BDs in 2034. By using the middle-estimated number of live births in 2034, we predicted that the number of BDs would decrease by 302, 102, 33, 196, 83, 41, 89, and 44 with a −5% prevalence of maternal hypertension, cardiovascular disease, renal disease, genitourinary infection, anemia, neurotic and psychotic disorders, gestational DM, and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM, respectively. We conclude that mothers with chronic diseases, including cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, anemia, genitourinary tract infections, renal diseases, neurotic or psychotic disorders, gestational DM, and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM, have a significantly higher (p < 0.01) prevalence of having offspring with BDs. Mothers with chronic diseases are associated with BDs. It is very important to set up a policy to decrease the prevalence of these maternal chronic diseases; then, we can reduce the incidence of BDs. © 2022 by the authors.
Secular increase in the prevalence of gestational diabetes and its associated adverse pregnancy outcomes from 2014 to 2021 in Hebei province, China; Objective: We aimed to investigate the secular prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and evaluate its adverse pregnancy outcomes among pregnant women in Hebei province, China. Methods: We analyzed the data from the monitoring information management system for pregnant women in 22 hospitals of Hebei province, China. In this study, 366,212 individuals with singleton live births from 2014 to 2021 were included, of whom 25,995 were diagnosed with gestational diabetes. We described the incidence of common complications and further analyzed the clinical characteristics in GDM patients and the relationship between GDM and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Results: The top 3 pregnancy complications in Hebei province are anemia, gestational hypertension, and GDM. The average incidence of GDM was 7.10% (25,995/366,212). The incidence rate of GDM significantly increased from 2014 to 2021 (χ2trend = 7,140.663, P < 0.001). The top 3 regions with GDM incidence were Baoding (16.60%), Shijiazhuang (8.00%), and Tangshan (3.80%). The incidence of GDM in urban pregnant women (10.6%) is higher than that in rural areas (3.7%).The difference between the GDM and Non-GDM groups was statistically significant in terms of maternal age, gravidity, parity, education level, and incidence of pregnancy complications (gestational hypertension, heart diseases, and anemia) (P < 0.05). GDM individuals were at significantly increased risk of most assessed adverse pregnancy outcomes, including premature delivery, Cesarean delivery, uterine inertia, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission, Apgar (activity-pulse-grimace-appearance-respiration) score at 1 min, and macrosomia (P < 0.05). The multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that GDM was an independent risk factor in terms of premature birth, Cesarean delivery, uterine inertia, placental abruption, NICU admission, and macrosomia. Conclusion: The risk of adverse pregnancy outcome in pregnant women with GDM is significantly increased. In order to reduce the occurrence of adverse pregnancy outcomes, effective interventions are needed. Copyright © 2022 Tian, Du, Ma, Zhang, Ma, Zhang and Tang.
Obesity in Pregnancy: A Comprehensive Review of Influential Guidelines; Importance Obesity is one of the most common clinical entities complicating pregnancies and is associated with short- and long-term consequences for both the mother and the offspring. Objective The aim of this study were to review and compare the most recently published influential guidelines on the management of maternal obesity in the preconceptional, antenatal, intrapartum, and postpartum period. Evidence Acquisition A descriptive review of guidelines from the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics, the Society of Obstetricians and Gynecologists of Canada, the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, and the Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists on obesity in pregnancy was carried out. Results There is an overall agreement among the reviewed guidelines regarding the importance of prepregnancy weight loss with behavioral modification, optimization of gestational weight gain, and screening for comorbidities in improving pregnancy outcomes of obese women. Women with previous bariatric surgery should be screened for nutritional deficiencies and have a closer antenatal surveillance, according to all guidelines. In addition, folic acid supplementation is recommended for 1 to 3 months before conception and during the first trimester, but several discrepancies were identified with regard to other vitamins, iodine, calcium, and iron supplementation. All medical societies recommend early screening for gestational diabetes mellitus and early anesthetic assessment in obese women and suggest the use of aspirin for the prevention of preeclampsia when additional risk factors are present, although the optimal dosage is controversial. The International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics, Society of Obstetricians and Gynecologists of Canada, Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, and Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists point out that specific equipment and adequate resources must be readily available in all health care facilities managing obese pregnant women. Moreover, thromboprophylaxis and prophylactic antibiotics are indicated in case of cesarean delivery, and intrapartum fetal monitoring is justified during active labor in obese patients. However, there are no consistent protocols regarding the fetal surveillance, the monitoring of multiple gestations, the timing and mode of delivery, and the postpartum follow-up, although weight loss and breastfeeding are unanimously supported. Conclusions Obesity in pregnancy is a significant contributor to maternal and perinatal morbidity with a constantly rising global prevalence among reproductive-aged women. Thus, the development of uniform international protocols for the effective management of obese women is of paramount importance to safely guide clinical practice and subsequently improve pregnancy outcomes. Target Audience Obstetricians and gynecologists, family physicians. Learning Objectives After participating in this activity, the learner should be able to assess maternal obesity and describe its associated pregnancy complications; explain the preconceptional, antenatal, and intrapartum management of obese pregnant women; and propose strategies for the postpartum management of obese women.  © Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
African American Women with Cardiometabolic Complications of Pregnancy Have Decreased Serum Abundance of Specialized Pro-Resolving Lipid Mediators and Endocannabinoids; African American (AA) women experience higher rates of maternal morbidity and mortality compared to US women of other racial/ ethnic groups. Cardiometabolic complications of pregnancy (including gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia) are leading contributors to maternal morbidity and mortality. Marked changes in circulating lipids are known to accompany cardiometabolic complications of pregnancy. Serum concentrations of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have been shown to be inversely correlated with risk for preeclampsia. DHA is a biosynthetic precursor of a class of specialized pro-resolving mediators (SPMs), resolvins, that have anti-inflammatory properties and are also associated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. We employed targeted lipidomics to characterize the distribution of DHA-containing phospholipids and SPMs in maternal serum collected in early and late pregnancy (8–14 weeks and 24–30 weeks gestation, respectively) to identify key lipids that are dysregulated during pregnancy in AA women who develop cardiometabolic complications. We identified a lipid signature in early pregnancy serum samples of AA women that is predictive of cardiometabolic complications of pregnancy with 74% accuracy. These are Resolvin D1, Resolvin E1, 2-AG, PGE2-glyerol ester, and 36:6 PC. These findings suggest that there are blood-based markers detectable in early pregnancy that can potentially identify persons at risk and tailor clinical interventions. © 2022 by the authors.
Assessing Cardiac Functions in Large for Gestational Age Infants using Tissue Doppler Imaging; Objective: To assess cardiac functions of large for gestational age (LGA) infants with no maternal gestational diabetes mellitus using tissue Doppler imaging (TDI). Methods: LGA infants of nondiabetic mothers and appropriate for gestational age (AGA) infants were included in this study. Conventional echocardiography and tissue Doppler echocardiography were performed in all patients. Results Totally 78 neonates, of these, 37 term LGA infants were in study group and 41 gestational-age matched AGA infants constituted the control group. The mean birth weight of LGA infants was 4175 ±249.4 g; AGA infants was 3317±183.9 g (p <0.001). Among left and right ventricle tissue Doppler parameters; Left ventricular Am velocity was significantly higher and Em/Am ratio was lower in LGA infants and right ventricular Em/Am ratio and Em velocity was significantly lower in LGA infants compared to control group. Among tissue Doppler myocardial performance index parameters, LGA infants had significantly higher values than controls regarding left ventricular (p<.001), and right ventricular (p<.001) myocardial performance indices. Conclusion The results of our study suggest that term LGA infants may have a predisposition for cardiac structural changes and diastolic dysfunction. TDI is a feasible technique in neonates that provides direct information on the myocardium, allowing analysis of both systolic and diastolic functions in one waveform. The addition of TDI to standard neonatal echocardiography may provide additional information on cardiac functions of LGA infants ©Copyright 2023 by Gazi University Medical Faculty.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risk of ischemic heart disease in mothers: national cohort and co-sibling study; Objective: To examine the associations between five major adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risks of ischemic heart disease in mothers. Design: National cohort study. Setting: Sweden. Participants: All 2 195 266 women with a first singleton delivery in Sweden during 1973-2015. Main outcome measures: The main outcome measure was incidence of ischemic heart disease from delivery to 2018, identified from nationwide inpatient and outpatient diagnoses. Cox regression was used to calculate hazard ratios for ischemic heart disease associated with preterm delivery, small for gestational age, pre-eclampsia, other hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes, adjusting for other adverse pregnancy outcomes and maternal factors. Co-sibling analyses assessed for confounding by shared familial (genetic and environmental) factors. Results: During 53.6 million person years of follow-up, ischemic heart disease was diagnosed in 83 881 (3.8%) women. All five adverse pregnancy outcomes were independently associated with increased risk of ischemic heart disease. In the 10 years after delivery, adjusted hazard ratios for ischemic heart disease associated with specific adverse pregnancy outcomes were 2.09 (95% confidence interval 1.77 to 2.46) for other hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, 1.72 (1.55 to 1.90) for preterm delivery, 1.54 (1.37 to 1.72) for pre-eclampsia, 1.30 (1.09 to 1.56) for gestational diabetes, and 1.10 (1.00 to 1.21) for small for gestational age. The hazard ratios remained significantly increased even 30-46 years after delivery: 1.47 (1.30 to 1.66) for other hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, 1.40 (1.29 to 1.51) for gestational diabetes, 1.32 (1.28 to 1.36) for pre-eclampsia, 1.23 (1.19 to 1.27) for preterm delivery, and 1.16 (1.13 to 1.19) for small for gestational age. These findings were only partially (<45%) explained by shared familial (genetic or environmental) factors. Women who experienced multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes showed further increases in risk (eg, <10 years after delivery, adjusted hazard ratios associated with 1, 2, or ≥3 adverse pregnancy outcomes were 1.29 (1.19 to 1.39), 1.80 (1.59 to 2.03), and 2.26 (1.89 to 2.70), respectively)). Conclusions: In this large national cohort, women who experienced any of five major adverse pregnancy outcomes showed an increased risk for ischemic heart disease up to 46 years after delivery. Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes should be considered for early preventive evaluation and long term risk reduction to help prevent the development of ischemic heart disease.  © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Association of Maternal Glucose Concentrations During Pregnancy With Cardiovascular Alterations in Early Childhood: A Prospective Birth Cohort Study; Background: Maternal hyperglycemia has been associated with cardiovascular disease risks in offspring. Previous studies were mostly conducted to test this association in pregnancies with (pre)gestational diabetes mellitus. However, the association may not be limited to populations with diabetes only. Objectives: The aim of this study was to assess the association between gestational glucose concentrations in women without (pre)gestational diabetes mellitus and childhood cardiovascular alterations at the age of 4 y. Methods: Our study was based on the Shanghai Birth Cohort. Briefly, among 1016 nondiabetic mothers (age: 30.8 ± 3.42 y; BMI: 21.3 ± 2.94) and their offsprings (age: 4.41 ± 0.22 y; BMI: 15.0 ± 1.56; 53.0% males), results of maternal 1-h oral OGTT between 24 and 28 gestational weeks were obtained. Childhood blood pressure (BP) measurement, echocardiography, and vascular ultrasound were performed at 4 y old. Linear regression and binary logistic regression were conducted to test the association between maternal glucose and childhood cardiovascular outcomes. Results: Compared with children from mothers with glucose concentrations in the lowest quartile, children from mothers in the highest quartile had higher BP (systolic: 97.0 ± 7.41 compared with 98.9 ± 7.82 mmHg, P = 0.006; diastolic: 56.8 ± 5.83 compared with 57.9 ± 6.03 mmHg, P = 0.051) and lower left ventricular ejection fraction (92.5 ± 9.15 compared with 90.8 ± 9.16 %, P = 0.046). Also, higher maternal OGTT 1-h glucose concentrations across the full range were associated with higher childhood BP (systolic: β: 0.56; 95% CI: 0.19, 0.93; diastolic: β: 0.36; 95% CI: 0.05, 0.66). Logistic regression showed, compared with children from mothers in the lowest quartile, children from mothers in the highest quartile had a 58% (OR=1.58; 95% CI: 1.01, 2.47) higher odds of elevated systolic BP (≥90th percentile). Conclusions: In a population without (pre)gestational diabetes mellitus, higher maternal OGTT 1-h glucose were associated with childhood cardiovascular structure and function alterations. Further studies are needed to assess whether interventions to reduce gestational glucose will mitigate subsequent cardiometabolic risks in offspring. © 2022 American Society for Nutrition
Evaluation of Fetal Cardiac Function in Maternal Gestational Diabetes Mellitus by Speckle-Tracking Echocardiography; Objectives: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disease that occurs during pregnancy and may result in fetal cardiac dysfunction. Our study aimed to assess the cardiac function in fetuses of mothers with GDM by a quantitative analysis software based on speckle-tracking echocardiography. Methods: Forty-nine fetuses exposed to GDM and 50 normal fetuses were enrolled, and fetal echocardiography were performed and analyzed in this prospective cross-sectional study. We compared cardiac systolic function between the two groups using fetal cardiac quantitative analysis software. Results: In the GDM group, left ventricular (24 ± 4 versus 28 ± 4, P <.001) and right ventricular global longitudinal strain (23 ± 4 versus 26 ± 4, P =.002) and right ventricular free wall strain (26 ± 6 versus 29 ± 5, P =.006) were significantly lower compared with the control group, whereas there was no significant difference in global spherical index (1.2 ± 0.1 versus 1.2 ± 0.1, P =.425). Additionally, 24-segment transverse fraction shortening of the right ventricle was more impaired than the left, and the segments with reduced fraction shortening were mainly located in the mid and apical sections of the right ventricle, and midsection of the left ventricle. Conclusion: Fetuses exposed to GDM may have cardiac dysfunction before the onset of cardiac morphologic abnormalities, and the right ventricle is more vulnerable than the left during fetal development. © 2022 American Institute of Ultrasound in Medicine.
Erratum: Author response to: Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: systematic review and meta-analysis (Journal of Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (2022) (1–2) DOI: 10.1017/S2040174422000174); The correct Affliation for Maleesa M. Pathirana is Adelaide Medical School, Robinson Research Institute, The University of Adelaide, Adelaide, SA, Australia and Department of Cardiology, Lyell McEwin Hospital, Elizabeth Vale, SA, Australia. © The Author(s), 2022. Published by Cambridge University Press in association with International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease.
Assessment of the Relationship between Health Literacy and self-care in Afghan Pregnant Mothers with Chronic Diseases; Background and Objective: Poor health literacy can increase the risk of chronic disease, especially in vulnerable groups such as pregnant women. Meanwhile, the self-care component can be affected by the level of health literacy. Despite the importance of this issue, accurate information on health literacy in Afghan pregnant mothers living in Iran, and its relationship with their self-care is not available. Therefore, the present study aimed to determine the relationship between health literacy and self-care in Afghan pregnant mothers with chronic diseases (diabetes, hypertension and heart diseases). Materials and Methods: This descriptive correlational study was performed with the participation of 242 Afghan pregnant mothers referring to the health centers and maternity hospitals affiliated to Mashhad University of Medical Sciences in 2021. Mothers were selected by cluster and stratified methods. The study tools included the questionnaires of pregnant mothers’ health literacy, gestational diabetes self-care behavior, hypertensive self-care, and heart disease self-care. Data were analyzed using SPSS 25 statistical software and descriptive statistics and Pearson correlation test. Results: The findings showed that there is no significant direct linear relationship between health literacy and self-care of Afghan pregnant women with diabetes (p= 0.001; r = 0.74), and hypertension self-care (p= 0.09; r =0.434), while health literacy has a significant inverse relationship with cardiovascular diseases self-care (p= 0.003; r =-0.37). Conclusion: The findings of this study showed the significant relationship between Afghan pregnant mothers’ health literacy and their self-care ability, so it is necessary to pay attention to the increasing awareness of this growing population, which are mainly marginalized in metropolitan areas and are at risk of no awareness. © 2022, Mashhad University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
  N-Acetyl-l-cysteine ameliorates gestational diabetes mellitus by inhibiting oxidative stress; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects 7% of pregnant women worldwide. How to effectively treat GDM has always been a concern of people.Research methods: In this study, a diabetes model was established by drug-induced mice. Subsequently, the blood glucose levels and serum insulin changes of the mice after N-acetyl-l-cysteine (NAC) treatment were observed. At the same time, the effect of NAC on reproduction of GDM mice was recorded.Results of the study: Mice fed NAC showed significantly improved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity compared to Diabetic/Control. Total serum cholesterol, serum triglycerides, and serum low-density lipoprotein were significantly reduced, and atherosclerosis index was much lower than in control mice. In addition, Diabetic/Control mice had lower litter sizes and higher birth weights. NAC treatment significantly restored litter size and reduced birth weight in Diabetic/Control mice. It was found in WB assay that the NAC-fed group significantly increased nuclear Nrf2 and HO-1 expression levels.Conclusion: NAC can improve blood glucose tolerance in GDM mice; NAC effectively relieves the symptoms of hyperlipidemia caused by GDM; NAC enhances the expression of Nrf2/HO-1 in the liver, thereby restoring redox homeostasis. NAC can reduce gestational diabetes-related disease indicators by oral administration, and has a beneficial effect on the offspring of pregnant mice (reduces its diabetes disease indicators). © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Effectiveness and safety of gonadotropins used in female infertility: a population-based study in the Lazio region, Italy; Purpose: Infertility is a topic of growing interest, and female infertility is often treated with gonadotropins. Evidence regarding comparative safety and efficacy of different gonadotropin formulations is available from clinical studies, while real-world data are missing. The present study aims to investigate effectiveness and safety of treatment with different gonadotropin formulations in women undergoing medically assisted procreation treatments in Latium, a region in central Italy, through a real-world data approach. Methods: A retrospective population-based cohort study in women between the ages of 18 and 45 years who were prescribed with at least one gonadotropin between 2007 and 2019 was conducted. Women were enrolled from the regional drug dispense registry, and data on their clinical history, exposure to therapeutic cycles (based on recombinant “REC” or extractives “EXT” gonadotropin, or combined protocol “CMD” (REC + EXT)), and maternal/infantile outcomes were linked from the regional healthcare administrative databases. Multivariate logistic regression models were applied to estimate the association between exposure and outcomes. Results: Overall, 90,292 therapeutic cycles prescribed to 35,899 women were linked to pregnancies. Overall, 15.8% of cycles successfully led to pregnancy. Compared to extractives, recombinant and combined treatments showed a stronger association with conception rate (RRREC adj = 1.06, 95% CI: 1.01–1.12; RRCBD adj = 1.17, 95% CI: 1.11–1.24). Maternal outcomes occurred in less than 5% of deliveries, and no significant differences between treatments were observed (REC vs EXT, pre-eclampsia: RR adj = 1.24, 95% CI: 0.86–1.79, ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome: RR adj = 1.25, 95% CI: 0.59–2.65, gestational diabetes: RR adj = 1.06, 95% CI: 0.84–1.35). Regarding infantile outcomes, similar results were obtained for different gonadotropin formulations (REC vs EXT: low birth weight: RR adj = 0.98, 95% CI: 0.83–1.26, multiple births: RR adj = 1.06, 95% CI: 0.92–1.23, preterm birth: RR adj = 1.03, 95% CI: 0.92–1.26). Conclusions: Efficacy and safety profiles of REC proved to be similar to those of EXT. Regarding the efficacy in terms of conception rate and birth rate, protocols using the combined approach performed slightly better. Outcomes related to maternal and infantile safety were generally very rare, and safety features were overlapping between gonadotropin formulations. © 2022, The Author(s).
Psoriasis and medical ramifications: A comprehensive analysis based on observational meta-analyses; Purpose: Based on a large number of systematic reviews and meta-analyses exploring the relationship between psoriasis and various health outcomes, we conducted an comprehensive analysis to assess the strength and evidence for the association between psoriasis and medical end-point ramifications in patients. Methods: We searched related meta-analyses, investigating the links between psoriasis and medical ramifications from three databases. All summary effect sizes, 95% CIs, heterogeneity, and small-study effects in the included meta-analyses were recalculated. We assessed the methodological quality of included articles with the AMSTAR 2 tool and graded the epidemiological evidence. Subgroup analysis based on the severity of psoriasis and study design were also performed. Results: A total of 38 articles comprising 85 unique meta-analyses were included in this study. Although 69 outcomes were statistically significant, only 8 outcomes (nonvascular dementia, ulcerative colitis, pediatric dyslipidemia, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, fracture, multiple sclerosis, and schizophrenia) showed a high quality of epidemiological evidence. Conclusion: We found that psoriasis increased the risk of 69 health outcomes, and 8 outcomes were graded as high-quality evidence. No evidence was found that psoriasis was beneficial for any medical end point. However, to verify our results, more large-sample, multi-center prospective cohort studies are needed. Copyright © 2022 Zhou, Zhong, Shen, Chen, Zeng, Lai and Tang.
Tighter or less tight glycaemic targets for women with gestational diabetes mellitus for reducing maternal and perinatal morbidity: A stepped-wedge, cluster-randomised trial; Background ATrUea: tPmleeanstefcoorngfiersmttahtaiotanlalhl edaiadbinegtleesvemlsealrleitruespr(GesDenMte)daciomrrsectotlyre: duce maternal hyperglycaemia. The TARGET Trial assessed whether tighter compared with less tight glycaemic control reduced maternal and perinatal morbidity. Methods and findings In this stepped-wedge, cluster-randomised trial, identification number ACTRN12615000282583, 10 hospitals in New Zealand were randomised to 1 of 5 implementation dates. The trial was registered before the first participant was enrolled. All hospitals initially used less tight targets (fasting plasma glucose (FPG) <5.5 mmol/L (<99 mg/dL), 1-hour <8.0 mmol/L (<144 mg/dL), 2 hour postprandial <7.0 mmol/L (<126 mg/dL)) and every 4 months, 2 hospitals moved to use tighter targets (FPG ≤5.0 mmol/L (≤90 mg/dL), 1-hour ≤7.4 mmol/L (≤133 mg/dL), 2 hour postprandial ≤6.7 mmol/L) (≤121 mg/dL). Women with GDM, blinded to the targets in use, were eligible. The primary outcome was large for gestational age. Secondary outcomes assessed maternal and infant health. Analyses were by intention to treat. Between May 2015 and November 2017, data were collected from 1,100 women with GDM (1,108 infants); 598 women (602 infants) used the tighter targets and 502 women (506 infants) used the less tight targets. The rate of large for gestational age was similar between the treatment target groups (88/599, 14.7% versus 76/502, 15.1%; adjusted relative risk [adjRR] 0.96, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.66 to 1.40, P = 0.839). The composite serious health outcome for the infant of perinatal death, birth trauma, or shoulder dystocia was apparently reduced in the tighter group when adjusted for gestational age at diagnosis of GDM, BMI, ethnicity, and history of GDM compared with the less tight group (8/599, 1.3% versus 13/505, 2.6%, adjRR 0.23, 95% CI 0.06 to 0.88, P = 0.032). No differences were seen for the other infant secondary outcomes apart from a shorter stay in intensive care (P = 0.041). Secondary outcomes for the woman showed an apparent increase for the composite serious health outcome that included major haemorrhage, coagulopathy, embolism, and obstetric complications in the tighter group (35/595, 5.9% versus 15/501, 3.0%, adjRR 2.29, 95% CI 1.14 to 4.59, P = 0.020). There were no differences between the target groups in the risk for pre-eclampsia, induction of labour, or cesarean birth, but more women using tighter targets required pharmacological treatment (404/595, 67.9% versus 293/501, 58.5%, adjRR 1.20, 95% CI 1.00 to 1.44, P = 0.047). The main study limitation is that the treatment targets used may vary to those in use in some countries. Conclusions Tighter glycaemic targets in women with GDM compared to less tight targets did not reduce the risk of a large for gestational age infant, but did reduce serious infant morbidity, although serious maternal morbidity was increased. These findings can be used to aid decisions on the glycaemic targets women with GDM should use.  © 2022 Crowther et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Network construction revealed that gestational diabetes mellitus may lead to congenital heart disease via potential lncRNAs-miRNAs regulating PPARγ; Background: congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most common birth defect. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) induces a pro-inflammatory environment in the uterus which makes it difficult for the placenta, fetus, and embryo to develop properly. Despite the progress in underlying physiological knowledge, the knowledge of molecular mechanisms of potential connection of metabolic conditions to CHD is limited. This study aimed to mine potential regulatory missing links between GDM and CHD. Methods: We constructed a network based on 914 differentially expressed mRNAs obtained from public GEO datasets analysis of cardiac differentiation and their regulatory miRNAs, predicted via complementarity algorithms and lncRNAs acquired from disease-associated databases. Furthermore, we compared the revealed gene set with reported RNA-seq results regarding Heart failure and Diabetes. Also, protein-protein interactions, particularly with PPARγ, were obtained from String database and visualized in Cytoscape v3.6.1. We finally mined the literature according to the applications of the revealed data. Results: The final resulted ncRNAs network consisted of 55 mRNAs, 13 miRNAs, and 7 lncRNAs. Gene Ontology and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes pathway analysis showed two conserved miRNAs in this network comprising miR-27a-3p and miR-130b-3p, primarily enriched in insulin resistance, AGE-RAGE signaling, and adrenergic signaling pathways. In addition, the screened key lncRNAs Jpx, Meg3, Xist, H19, and Mir17hg were potential regulators of diabetes-associated genes involved in Glycolysis/Gluconeogenesis and insulin signaling pathways. Retrospective literature mining showed the potential of AGE-RAGE manipulation in the nutrigenomics area according to PPARγ application. Besides, RNA-seq reports confirmed that some of our identified genes and mechanisms were involved in Heart failure and Diabetes biomarkers. Conclusion: Our findings are some of the first to show a potential axis through which GDM could lead to CHD via metabolism-associated noncoding networks. PPARγ may mediate the effects of this noncoding network on cardiac differentiation and shed light on the road of nutrigenomics consultations for GDM patients. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Erratum: SOGC Guideline Retirement Notice No. 2 (Journal of obstetrics and gynaecology Canada : JOGC = Journal d'obstetrique et gynecologie du Canada : JOGC PII: S1701-2163(22)00598-9); These documents have been archived because they contain outdated information. They should not be consulted for clinical use, but for historical research only. Please visit the journal website for the most recent guidelines. The Use of Magnetic Resonance Imaging in the Obstetric Patient [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 36 (2014) 349-355] AUTHORS Yves Patenaude, MD, Sherbrooke, QC Denise Pugash, MD, Vancouver, BC Kenneth Lim, MD, Vancouver, BC Lucie Morin, MD, Montreal, QC The Role of Surgery in Endometrial Cancer [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 370-371] AUTHORS Christopher Giede, MD, Saskatoon, SK Tien Le, MD, Ottawa, ON Patti Power, MD, St John's, NL Female Genital Cutting [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 1028-1045] AUTHORS Liette Perron, MSW, Ottawa, ON Vyta Senikas, MD, Ottawa, ON Margaret Burnett, MD, Winnipeg, ON Victoria Davis, MD, Scarborough, ON Technical Update on Pessary Use [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 664-674] AUTHORS Magali Robert, MD, Calgary, AB Jane A. Schulz, MD, Edmonton, AB Marie-Andrée Harvey, MD, Kingston, ON Cancer Chemotherapy and Pregnancy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 263-278] AUTHORS Gideon Koren, MD, Toronto, ON Nathalie Carey, BSc, Toronto, ON Robert Gagnon, MD, Montréal, QC Cynthia Maxwell, MD, Toronto, ON Irena Nulman, MD, Toronto, ON Vyta Senikas, MD, Ottawa, ON Current Status in Non-Invasive Prenatal Detection of Down Syndrome, Trisomy 18, and Trisomy 13 Using Cell-Free DNA in Maternal Plasma [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 177-181] AUTHORS Sylvie Langlois, MD, Vancouver, BC Jo-Ann Brock, MD, Halifax, NS Mifepristone [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 235] The Presence of a Third Party During Breast and Pelvic Examinations [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 237] Midwifery [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 239] Emergency Contraception [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 673-678] Tension-Free Vaginal Tape (TVT) Procedure [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 692-694] Uterine Fibroid Embolization (UFE) [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 899-911] AUTHORS Guylaine G. Lefebvre, MD, Toronto, ON George Vilos, MD, Toronto, ON Murray Asch, MD, Oshawa, ON The Prevention of Early-Onset Neonatal Group B Streptococcal Disease [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 826-832] AUTHORS Deborah M. Money, MD, FRCSC, Vancouver, BC Simon Dobson, MD, FRCPC, Vancouver, BC Cell-Free Fetal DNA in the Maternal Circulation and its Future Uses in Obstetrics [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 54-57] AUTHOR R. Douglas Wilson, MD, Philadelphia, PA Cystic Fibrosis Carrier Testing in Pregnancy in Canada [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 644-647] Amniocentesis and Women with Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, or Human Immunodeficiency Virus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 145-148] Fetal Health Surveillance in Labour [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 250-262] Management of the Third Stage of Labour to Prevent Postpartum Hemorrhage [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 952-953] Cervical Cancer Prevention in Low-Resource Settings [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 205-206] Hirsutism: Evaluation and Treatment [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 62-67] Breast Cancer, Pregnancy, and Breastfeeding [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 164-171] Parvovirus B19 Infection in Pregnancy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 727-734] Diversity [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 1042] Conflict of Interest [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 1044] Canadian Contraception Consensus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 347-387] School-Based and School-Linked Sexual Health Education and Promotion in Canada [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 596-600] Gestational Trophoblastic Disease [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 434-439] FIGO Professional and Ethical Responsibilities Concerning Sexual and Reproductive Rights [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 1097-1099] FIGO / ICM Global Initiative to Prevent Post-Partum Hemorrhage [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 1102] Intimate Partner Violence Consensus Statement [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 365-388] The Management of Nausea and Vomiting of Pregnancy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 817-823] Canadian Contraception Consensus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 143-156] Present Role of Stem Cells for Fetal Genetic Therapy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 1038-1042] Amended Canadian Guideline for Prenatal Diagnosis (2005) Change to 2005-Techniques for Prenatal Diagnosis [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 1048-1054] Umbilical Cord Blood Banking: Implications for Perinatal Care Providers [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 263-274] Breast Cancer and Abortion [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 491] AUTHOR Robert H. Lea, MD, Halifax, NS Postural Health in Women: The Role of Physiotherapy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 493-500] AUTHORS S.J. Britnell, BScPT, Vancouver, BC J.V. Cole, BScPT, Vancouver, BC L. Isherwood, BScPT, Vancouver, BC M.M. Sran, PT, BScPT, Vancouver, BC N. Britnell, BScPT, Vancouver, BC S. Burgi, BScPT, Vancouver, BC G. Candido, BScPT, Vancouver, BC L. Watson, BScPT, Vancouver, BC The Management of Uterine Leiomyomas [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 396-405] Guidelines for Vaginal Birth after Previous Caesarean Birth [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 660-670] Fetal Health Surveillance in Labour [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 342-348] Number of Births to Maintain Competence [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 359] Sexual Abuse by Physicians [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 862] The Use of First Trimester Ultrasound [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 864-869] Use of Hormonal Replacement Therapy After Treatment of Breast Cancer [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 49-54] Obstetric Ultrasound Biological Effects and Safety [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 572-575] Fetal Soft Markers in Obstetric Ultrasound [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 592-612] Maternal Transport Policy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 956-959] Choice of Surgery for Stress Incontinence [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 964-971] The Use of Fetal Doppler in Obstetrics [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 601-607] Screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 894-903] Hormone Replacement Therapy and Cardiovascular Disease [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 577-579] Providing Opinion for Medico-Legal Cases [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 590-592] Antenatal Corticosteroid Therapy for Fetal Maturation [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 45-48] Mastalgia [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 49-57] AUTHORS Vera Rosolowich, RN, SCM, IBCLC, Winnipeg, MB Elizabeth Saettler, MD, Winnipeg, MB Beth Szuck, BA, HEc, CACE, RD, Winnipeg, MB Pregnancy Outcomes After Assisted Reproductive Technology [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 220-233] AUTHORS Victoria M. Allen, MD, MSc, Halifax, NS R. Douglas Wilson, MD, MSc, Philadelphia, PA Canadian Contraception Consensus-Update on Depot Medroxyprogesterone Acetate (DMPA) [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 305-308] AUTHOR Amanda Black, MD, Ottawa, ON Guidelines for Training Requirements in Colposcopy and its Related Treatment Modalities [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 314-316] AUTHOR Susan M. McFaul, MD, Ottawa, ON Pelvic Examinations by Medical Trainees [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 320-321] AUTHORS Kimberly E. Liu, MD, Edmonton, AB Deborah Robertson, MD, Montréal, QC Glenn Posner, MDCM, Ottawa, ON Sukhbir S. Singh, MD, London, ON Lawrence Oppenheimer, MD, Ottawa, ON Stillbirth and Bereavement: Guidelines for Stillbirth Investigation [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 540-545] AUTHOR Line Leduc, MD, Montréal, QC Progesterone-Only and Non-Hormonal Contraception in the Breast Cancer Survivor: Joint Review and Committee Opinion of the Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada and the Society of Gynecologic Oncologists of Canada [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 616-626] AUTHORS Jenna McNaught, MD, Winnipeg, MB Robert L. Reid, MD, Kingston, ON Breast Self-Examination [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 728-730] AUTHOR Vera Rosolowich, RN, SCM, IBCLC, Winnipeg, MB The Physician Expert in Legal Proceedings [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 913-915] AUTHORS Titus Owolabi, MD, Toronto, ON George Vilos, MD, Toronto, ON Induced Abortion Guidelines [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 1014-1027] AUTHOR Victoria Jane Davis, MD Health Professionals Working With First Nations, Inuit, and Métis Consensus Guideline [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S1-S4] AUTHORS Don Wilson, MD, FRCSC (Co-chair), Hellisuk Nation, Comox, BC Sandra de la Ronde, MD, FRCSC (Co-chair), Ottawa, ON Simon Brascoupé, Kitigan Zibi Anishinabeg, Ottawa, ON Alisha Nicole Apale, MSc, Ottawa, ON Lucy Barney, RN, MSN, Lillooet Nation, Vancouver, BC Bing Guthrie, MD, FRCSC, Yellowknife, NT Elizabeth Harrold, RN, Vancouver, BC Ojistoh Horn, MD, CCFP, Mohawk, Kahnawake, QC Robin Johnson, MD, FRCSC, Esdilagh, First Nation, Williams Lake, BC Darrien Rattray, MD, Tahltan, Halifax, NS Nicole Robinson, MA, Ottawa, ON Introduction [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S5-S6] Chapter 1 Definitions [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S7-S8] Chapter 2 Demographics [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S9-S12] Chapter 3 Social Determinants of Health Among First Nations, Inuit, and Métis [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S13-S23] Chapter 4 Health Systems, Policies, and Services for First Nations, Inuit, and Métis [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S24-S27] Chapter 5 First Nations, Inuit, and Métis Women's Sexual and Reproductive Health [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S28-S32] Chapter 6 First Nations, Inuit, and Métis Maternal Health [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S33-S36] Chapter 7 Mature Women's Health [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S37] Chapter 8 Changing Outcomes Through Culturally Competent Care [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S38-S41] Chapter 9 Conclusion [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S42-S43] Chapter 10 Case Studies [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S44-S47] Appendix 1. Apology for the Forced Relocation of Inukjuak and Pond Inlet Families [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S48] Appendix 2. Apology for the Residential School System [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S49] Appendix 3. Avoiding Re-Traumatization of Sexual Abuse/Assault Victims During the Birthing Process [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S50]. Copyright © 2022.
Evaluating the Causal Effects of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Heart Disease, and High Body Mass Index on Maternal Alzheimer’s Disease and Dementia: Multivariable Mendelian Randomization; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), heart disease (HD) and high body mass index (BMI) are strongly related to Alzheimer’s disease (AD) dementia in pregnant women. Therefore, we aimed to determine the total effects of GDM, heart disease, and high BMI on maternal AD dementia. Methods: We used data from the genome-wide association studies of European populations including more than 30,000 participants. We performed two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) and multivariable MR (MVMR) to systematically estimate the direct effects of GDM, HD, and high BMI on maternal AD and dementia. Multiple sensitivity analyses involving classical MR approaches and expanded MR-pleiotropy residual sum and outlier analysis. Results: In two-sample MR analysis, the inverse-variance weighted method in our study demonstrated no significant causality between GDM and maternal dementia (β = −0.006 ± 0.0026, p = 0.82). This method also revealed no significant causality between high BMI and maternal dementia (β = 0.0024 ± 0.0043, p = 0.57), and it was supported by the MR-Egger regression results, which showed no causal effect of high BMI on maternal Alzheimer’s disease and dementia (β = 0.0027 ± 0.0096, p = 0.78). The IVW method showed no significant causal relationship between maternal HD and maternal Alzheimer’s disease and dementia (β = −0.05 ± 0.0042, p = 0.117) and MR-Egger regression analysis gave a similar result (β = −0.12 ± 0.0060, p = 0.079). In MVMR analysis, we found no significant causal relationship between GDM, high BMI, or HD and maternal Alzheimer’s disease and dementia (p = 0.94, 0.82, and 0.13, respectively). Thus, the MVMR estimates were consistent with our results from the two-sample MR analysis. We confirmed that these results showed no horizontal pleiotropy and enhanced the robustness of our results through multiple sensitivity analyses. Conclusion: In two-sample MR analysis, we found no significant causal relationship between GDM, HD, high BMI and maternal AD and dementia. These results differed from previous observational studies showing HD is a significant predictor of dementia. MVMR analysis supported no significant causal relationship between GDM, HD, high BMI and maternal AD and dementia. Sensitivity analysis broadly increased the robustness of two-sample MR and MVMR analysis results. Copyright © 2022 Sheng, Liu and Chan.
Endotoxin Biomarkers Are Associated With Adiposity and Cardiometabolic Risk Across 6 Years of Follow-up in Youth; Context: Metabolic endotoxemia may be a shared mechanism underlying childhood obesity and early-onset metabolic diseases (eg, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease). Objective: Examine prospective associations of serum endotoxin biomarkers lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and its binding protein, LPS binding protein (LBP), and anti-endotoxin core immunoglobulin G (EndoCab IgG) with adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in youth. Design/setting: This prospective study included 393 youth in the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes Among Children cohort in Colorado. Participants were recruited from 2006 to 2009 at age 10 years (baseline) and followed for 6 years (follow-up). We examined associations of endotoxin biomarkers at baseline with adiposity [body mass index (BMI) z-score, visceral adipose tissue (VAT), subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT), skinfolds, waist circumference] and cardiometabolic risk (insulin, glucose, adipokines, lipid profile, blood pressure) across both visits using mixed-effects regression, and with hepatic fat fraction (HFF) at follow-up using linear regression. Results: Higher LPS and LBP predicted greater adiposity across follow-up. Each 1-unit log-transformed LPS corresponded with 0.23 (95% CI 0.03, 0.43) units BMI z-score, 5.66 (95% CI 1.99, 9.33) mm3 VAT, 30.7 (95% CI 8.0, 53.3) mm3 SAT, and 8.26 (95% CI 4.13, 12.40) mm skinfold sum. EndoCab IgG was associated with VAT only [3.03 (95% CI 0.34, 5.71) mm3]. LPS was associated with higher insulin [1.93 (95% CI 0.08, 3.70) μU/mL] and leptin [2.28 (95% CI 0.66, 3.90) ng/mL] and an adverse lipid profile. No association was observed with HFF. Accounting for pubertal status and lifestyle behaviors did not change findings. However, adjustment for prepregnancy BMI and gestational diabetes attenuated most associations. Conclusions: Serum endotoxin may be a marker of pathophysiological processes underlying development of childhood obesity and cardiometabolic conditions associated with exposure to fetal overnutrition. © 2022 The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
Trends, Predictors, and Outcomes of Cardiovascular Complications at Delivery Associated With Gestational Diabetes: A National Inpatient Sample Analysis (2004–2019); BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GD) is associated with increased risk of long-term cardiovascular complications. However, data on acute peripartum cardiovascular complications are not well established. Hence, we aimed to investigate the association of GD with acute cardiovascular outcomes at the time of delivery admission. METHODS AND RESULTS: We used data from the National Inpatient Sample (2004– 2019). International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9) or Tenth Revision (ICD-10) codes were used to identify delivery hospitalizations and GD diagnosis. A total of 63 115 002 weighted hospitalizations for deliveries were identified, of which 3.9% were among individuals with GD (n=2 435 301). The prevalence of both GD and obesity increased during the study period (P trends<0.01). Individuals with GD versus those without GD had a higher prevalence of obesity, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. After adjustment for age, race or ethnicity, comorbidities, insurance, and income, GD remained independently associated with cardiovascular complications including preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 1.97 [95% CI, 1.96–1.98]), peripartum cardiomyopathy (aOR, 1.15 [1.08–1.22]), acute kidney injury (aOR, 1.16 [1.11–1.21]), stroke (aOR, 1.15 [1.09–1.23]), and arrhythmias (aOR, 1.48 [1.46–1.50]), compared with no GD. Moreover, delivery hospitalizations among individuals with GD were associated with increased length (3 versus 2 days, P<0.01) and cost of hospitalization ($4909 versus $3682, P<0.01). Even in the absence of preeclampsia, GD was associated with elevated cardiovascular risk. CONCLUSIONS: Individuals with GD had a higher risk of preeclampsia, peripartum cardiomyopathy, acute kidney injury, stroke, and arrhythmias during delivery hospitalizations. As rates of GD are increasing globally, efforts to improve preconception cardiometabolic health and prevent GD may represent important strategies to improve peripartum maternal outcomes and mitigate long-term cardiovascular risk. © 2022 The Authors.
Traditional Cantonese puerperal practices and postpartum cardiometabolism in gestational diabetes; Background and Objectives: With gestational diabetes (GDM), women have a higher risk for future type 2 diabetes, and risk factors for diabetes for it are amplified. Whether this phenomenon is affected by traditional puerperal or postpartum practices among Chinese women who develop gestational diabetes is unclear. This has been explored in a Cantonese cultural setting to enable relevant risk management. Methods and Study Design: Some 138 women were followed before, during and after pregnancy in accordance with Cantonese Puerperal Practices (CPP), and occurrence of GDM and exclusive breast-feeding. Body compositional and cardiometabolic information were collected. These included glucose tolerance and insulin resistance. Results: During a median postpartum follow-up of 60.4 days, women with a typical CPP had a greater body weight and weight retention. With artificial feeding, women with a typical CPP had greater OGTT glycemic responses and more insulin resistance. With exclusive breast-feeding, however, no differences in postpartum cardiometabolic measurements were observed, except for a higher early-phase insulin response. Conclusions: Traditional CPP is associated with early postpartum cardiometabolic impairment in gestational diabetes, but this is avoided with breast-feeding. © 2022, Asia Pacific Journal of Clinical Nutrition. All Rights Reserved.
Diabetes mellitus; Diabetes is a chronic disease that develops as a result of the lack or inability of endogenous insulin to function. The prevalence of diabetes has been increasing for the last 50 years as a result of our increasingly industrialized diet and decreased physical activity. Diabetes is one of the important causes of morbidity and mortality in today's people with increased life expectancy. It is critical to assess people for risk factors, provide nutrition and exercise recommendations, diagnose and treat diabetes early, and recognize and prevent complications early in order to protect them from diabetes and complications. Diabetes mellitus is classified as Type I diabetes, Type II diabetes, Gestational diabetes and other specific types of diabetes. Nutrition and exercise recommendations are the first step in prevention and treatment. Insulin injections and some oral antidiabetic agents are used in medical treatment. Acute complications of diabetes are diabetic ketoacidosis, hyperglycemic hyperosmolar condition, lactic acidosis and hyperglycemia, and these conditions can be mortal. Chronic complications are macrovascular events such as coronary artery disease, peripheral artery disease, and stroke and microvascular events such as retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy that are mostly related to morbidity and cause long-term mortality. © 2022 Nova Science Publishers, Inc.
Deep Insight of the Pathophysiology of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Diabetes mellitus is a severe metabolic disorder, which consistently requires medical care and self-management to restrict complications, such as obesity, kidney damage and cardiovascular diseases. The subtype gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) occurs during pregnancy, which severely affects both the mother and the growing foetus. Obesity, uncontrolled weight gain and advanced gestational age are the prominent risk factors for GDM, which lead to high rate of perinatal mortality and morbidity. In-depth understanding of the molecular mechanism involved in GDM will help researchers to design drugs for the optimal management of the condition without affecting the mother and foetus. This review article is focused on the molecular mechanism involved in the pathophysiology of GDM and the probable biomarkers, which can be helpful for the early diagnosis of the condition. The early diagnosis of the metabolic disorder, most preferably in first trimester of pregnancy, will lead to its effective long-term management, reducing foetal developmental complications and mortality along with safety measures for the mother. © 2022 by the authors.
Type 2 Diabetes in Women: Differences and Difficulties; Background: Lifestyle modification, along with medication, has improved the quality of life of patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D), but the treatment of diabetes in women still lacks a gender-centric approach. Methods: Expert opinions to improve diabetes management in women were collated from the open discussion forum organized by the sixth Jothydev’s Professional Education Forum Diabetes Con¬vention, which included global diabetes care experts and the general public. The review is also based on the studies published in electronic databases such as PubMed and Google Scholar that dis¬cussed the problems and challenges faced by the Indian diabetes care sector in treating women with diabetes. Results: The complex interplay of biological, socioeconomic, psychosocial, and physiological fac¬tors in women with type 2 diabetes has not been well addressed to date. Biological factors such as neurohumoral pathways, sex hormones, genetic predisposition as well as gender-based environmen¬tal and behavioural differences must be considered for modern personalized diabetes treatment. Most importantly, pregnant women with diabetes deserve special attention. This vulnerable phase has a marked impact on the future health of both the mother and the offspring. Conclusion: The review provides an overview of the challenges and issues that exist in the clinical management of diabetes and its complications among women in India. Women-centric clinical ap¬proaches should be encouraged for the effective management of diabetes in Indian women. © 2022 Bentham Science Publishers.
Relationship between ABO Blood Group and Pregnancy Complications; ABO blood group system is the most commonly used blood group classification system in clinic practice. The relevant antigens, A, B and H determinants, are complex carbohydrate molecules that are expressed in red blood cells and other cell lines and tissues. These antigens are determined by the ABO locus located on chromosome 9 (9q34.1-q34.2). ABO blood group is associated with the development of many human diseases, e.g., cardiovascular diseases, infectious diseases, and tumors. The relationship between the ABO blood group of pregnant women and various pregnancy complications, including preeclampsia (PE) and the related diseases, pregnancy associated venous thromboembolism (PA-VTE), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and postpartum hemorrhage (PPH), have become the focus of obstetricians' recent research interest. Herein, we reviewed the relationship between ABO blood group and these pregnancy complications, and found that most of the reported findings supported the following views: 1) Blood type O is a protective factor for PE, while blood type AB increases the risk of PE; 2) blood types other than O are more prone to PA-VTE than blood type O; 3) blood type O or blood type AB may be related to the pathogenesis of GDM; 4) women of blood type O are at higher risks for PPH than those of other blood types. More in-depth epidemiological and genetic studies are needed to confirm these findings in the future. These findings can provide new ideas for researching into the pathogenesis of obstetric diseases and form the theoretical basis for obstetricians to prevent and treat related diseases. © 2022 Sichuan University. All rights reserved.
Evaluation of Fetal Cardiac Geometry and Contractility in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus by Two-Dimensional Speckle-Tracking Technology; Background: The most commonly known cardiac effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GD) in the fetus is hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, but recent studies show that it is preceded by subclinical cardiac dysfunction. This study aimed to assess the effect of GD on fetal cardiac geometry and contractility by two-dimensional speckle-tracking technology. Methods: We performed a prospective observational study that included 33 pregnant patients with GD and 30 healthy individuals. For all fetuses, a four-chamber 3 s cine-loop was recorded and analyzed with Fetal Heart Quantification (FetalHQ®), a novel proprietary speckle-tracking software. The following cardiac indices were calculated: global sphericity index (GSI), global longitudinal strain (GLS), fractional area change (FAC), and 24-segment end-diastolic diameter (EDD), fractional shortening (FS), and sphericity index (SI) for both ventricles. Demographic and cardiac differences between the two groups were analyzed, as well as intra-rater and inter-rater reliability. Results: There were significant changes in right ventricular FAC and FS for segments 4–24 in fetuses exposed to GD (−1 SD, p < 0.05). No significant differences were detected for GSI, GLS, EDD, or SI for either ventricle. Conclusions: Fetuses exposed to GD present impaired right ventricular contractility, especially in the mid and apical segments. © 2022 by the authors.
Comparing the Evidence from Observational Studies and Randomized Controlled Trials for Nonskeletal Health Effects of Vitamin D; Although observational studies of health outcomes generally suggest beneficial effects with, or following, higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] concentrations, randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have generally not supported those findings. Here we review results from observational studies and RCTs regarding how vitamin D status affects several nonskeletal health outcomes, including Alzheimer’s disease and dementia, autoimmune diseases, cancers, cardiovascular disease, COVID-19, major depressive disorder, type 2 diabetes, arterial hypertension, all-cause mortality, respiratory tract infections, and pregnancy outcomes. We also consider relevant findings from ecological, Mendelian randomization, and mechanistic studies. Although clear discrepancies exist between findings of observational studies and RCTs on vitamin D and human health benefits these findings should be interpreted cautiously. Bias and confounding are seen in observational studies and vitamin D RCTs have several limitations, largely due to being designed like RCTs of therapeutic drugs, thereby neglecting vitamin D’s being a nutrient with a unique metabolism that requires specific consideration in trial design. Thus, RCTs of vitamin D can fail for several reasons: few participants’ having low baseline 25(OH)D concentrations, relatively small vitamin D doses, participants’ having other sources of vitamin D, and results being analyzed without consideration of achieved 25(OH)D concentrations. Vitamin D status and its relevance for health outcomes can usefully be examined using Hill’s criteria for causality in a biological system from results of observational and other types of studies before further RCTs are considered and those findings would be useful in developing medical and public health policy, as they were for nonsmoking policies. A promising approach for future RCT design is adjustable vitamin D supplementation based on interval serum 25(OH)D concentrations to achieve target 25(OH)D levels suggested by findings from observational studies. © 2022 by the authors.
Early life programming of health and disease: The long-term consequences of obesity in pregnancy; The prevalence of overweight and obesity is rising in all parts of the world and, among young women, it presents a very clear danger during pregnancy. Women who are overweight or who gain excessive weight during pregnancy are at greater risk of complications in pregnancy and labour, and are more likely to lose their child to stillbirth or die themselves during pregnancy. This narrative review considers the evidence that, in addition to increasing risk of poor pregnancy outcomes, obesity has the capacity to programme foetuses to be at greater risk of cardiometabolic disorders later in life. An extensive body of evidence from prospective and retrospective cohorts, as well as record linkage studies, demonstrates associations of maternal obesity and/or gestational diabetes with cardiovascular disease, as well as type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Studies in animals suggest that these associations are underpinned by adaptations that occur in foetal life, which remodel the structures of major organs, including the brain, kidney and pancreas. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Human Nutrition and Dietetics published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Dietetic Association.
Protective Influence of Breastfeeding on Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Women With Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Their Children: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: There is evidence that breastfeeding may provide protection against cardiovascular risk factors in mothers with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus and their children who were exposed in utero. Research Aim: To perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies to ascertain the effects of breastfeeding on cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and their children exposed in utero. Methods: Studies assessing conventional cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and children exposed in utero stratified by breastfeeding/no breastfeeding or breastfed/not breastfed were included. Gestational diabetes mellitus was defined based on the International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Group definition or previous accepted definitions. Breastfeeding was defined as reported in each study. Results: The literature search yielded 260 titles, of which 17 studies were selected to be in the review. Women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus who did not breastfeed had higher blood glucose (SMD: 0.32, 95% CI [0.12, 0.53]) and a greater risk of developing Type 2 diabetes mellitus (RR: 2.08 95% CI [1.44, 3.00]) compared to women with no history. There were not enough studies to conduct a meta-analysis on the effects of breastfeeding on risk factors for cardiovascular disease among children exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero. Conclusion: Breastfeeding appears to be protective against cardiovascular risk factors among women who experience gestational diabetes mellitus. © The Author(s) 2021.
Diabetes in pregnancy and risk of near-miss, maternal mortality and foetal outcomes in the USA: A retrospective cross-sectional analysis; Background: The prevalence of diabetes in pregnant women has increased in the USA over recent decades. The primary aim of this study was to assess the association between diabetes in pregnancy and maternal near-miss incident, maternal mortality and selected adverse foetal outcomes. Methods: We conducted a retrospective, cross-sectional analysis among pregnancy-related hospitalizations in USA between 2002 and 2014. We examined the association between DM and GDM as exposures and maternal in-hospital mortality, maternal cardiac arrest, early onset of delivery, poor foetal growth and stillbirth as the outcome variables. Results: Among the 57.3 million pregnant women in the study population, the prevalence of GDM and DM was 5.4 and 1.3%, respectively. We found that pregnant women with DM were three times more likely to experience cardiac arrest (OR = 3.21; 95% CI = 2.57-4.01) and in-hospital maternal death (OR = 3.05; 95% CI = 2.45-3.79), as compared to those without DM. Among pregnant women with GDM and DM, the risk for early onset of delivery was higher, compared to women without GDM or DM. Conclusion: A diagnosis of diabetes prior to pregnancy contributes significantly to the risk of maternal cardiac arrest, maternal mortality and adverse foetal outcomes.  © 2020 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of Faculty of Public Health. All rights reserved.
Paraganglioma: A Difficult and Threatening Ordeal of Pregnancy; Paraganglioma (PGL) in pregnancy is an extremely rare condition, and its diagnosis is often difficult because the clinical symptoms can mimic those of pre-eclampsi a gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes. Here we report the case of a 24-year-old female primigravida – known case of hypothyroidism who presented with labile hypertension, resting tachycardia and hyperglycaemia with proteinuria at 27-week gestation. We suspected that she might have gestational diabetes along with hypertension and a catecholamine secreting tumour (CST) as her renal Doppler was suggestive of an extra-adrenal mass at left lumbar region which was confirmed on MRI of abdomen and pelvis, and serum catecholamine levels were found to be significantly increased. She underwent laparoscopic mass removal and the pathology confirmed PGL. When typical paroxysmal hypertension and resting tachycardia is accompanied by headache, palpitation, and sweating during the gestational period, an adrenal or extra-adrenal tumour should be suspected. © 2022, Indian Academy of Clinical Medicine. All rights reserved.
Associations of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus with alterations in cardiovascular system in early childhood; Aims: The association of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with childhood cardiovascular alterations is not well established. This study aims to test the hypothesis that prenatal exposure to GDM is associated with vascular and cardiac alterations in early childhood. Methods: In a population-based prospective cohort among 1094 mothers and their offspring, GDM was diagnosed according to the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria. Childhood blood pressure (BP) measurement, echocardiography and vascular ultrasound were performed using standardised methods at 4 years old. The associations between maternal GDM and childhood cardiovascular outcomes were modelled using linear regression and binary logistic regression. Mediation analysis was conducted to test the potential mediators. Results: Maternal GDM was associated with higher systolic BP (SBP; β, 1.20; [0.11, 2.28]), lower left ventricular end-diastolic diameter (LVEDD; β, −0.36; [−0.71, −0.01]), lower end-diastolic volume (EDV; β, −1.42; [−2.71, −0.13]) and increased risk of high blood pressure (HBP, OR = 1.522; 95% CI, 1.023 to 2.264) in offspring at the age of 4 years. After stratification by sex, the association remained strong only in male offspring (SBP: β, 1.94; [0.37, 3.51]; LVEDD: β, −0.60; [−1.09, −0.12]; EDV: β, −2.09; [−3.86, −0.31]; HBP: OR = 1.797; 95% CI, 1.063 to 3.037) and was independent of maternal and child characteristics. However, carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) was not associated with maternal GDM. Mediation analysis showed that the effects on childhood cardiovascular alterations were attributable mostly to the direct effects of maternal GDM. Conclusions: Our results provide evidence that maternal GDM is associated with offspring cardiovascular adaptations at preschool age. Further studies are needed to replicate our results and the long-term effect of these adaptations on later cardiovascular risks needs further investigation. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Associations between Prolactin, Diabetes, and Cognitive Impairment: A Literature Review; Background: Converging evidence indicates prolactin (PRL) and diabetes play an important role in the pathophysiology of cognitive impairment. However, little is known about the mechanisms responsible for the effects of PRL and diabetes on cognitive impairment. Summary: We summarize and review the available literature and current knowledge of the association between PRL and diabetes on aspects of cognitive impairment. Key Messages: The phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/protein kinase B pathway is central to the molecular mechanisms underlying how PRL and diabetes interact in cognitive impairment. Further work is needed to identify the interaction between PRL and diabetes, especially in the molecular aspects of cognitive impairment, which can suggest novel strategies for cognitive dysfunction treatment.  © 2022 S. Karger AG. All rights reserved.
Second-Trimester Constituents of the Metabolic Syndrome and Pregnancy Outcome: An Observational Cohort Study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women in later life. In the general population, metabolic syndrome (MetS) shows identical associations. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between GDM, constituents of MetS and pregnancy outcomes. Methods: Of 2041 pregnant women undergoing an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) between 22 and 30 weeks of gestation, data were collected to evaluate the constituents of MetS. Odds ratios (ORs) were calculated to determine the associations between MetS and pregnancy outcomes. Results: GDM and obesity did not affect the risk of fetal growth abnormalities (SGA/LGA), preterm birth or preeclampsia (PE). Hypertension significantly increased the risk of SGA (OR—1.59), PE (OR—3.14), and preterm birth <37 weeks (OR—2.17) and <34 weeks (OR—2.96) and reduced the occurrence of LGA (OR—0.46). Dyslipidemia increased the risk of PE (OR—2.25), while proteinuria increased the risk of PE (OR—12.64) and preterm birth (OR—4.72). Having ≥2 constituents increased the risk of PE and preterm birth. Conclusions: Constituents of metabolic syndrome, rather than treating impaired glucose handling, increased the risk of preeclampsia, altered fetal growth and preterm birth. Obesity was not related to adverse outcomes. © 2022 by the authors.
Pre-pregnancy check-up of maternal vascular status and associated phenotype is crucial for the health of mother and offspring; Abstract: Cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of disease burden globally with far-reaching consequences including enormous socio-economic burden to healthcare and society at large. Cardiovascular health is decisive for reproductive function, healthy pregnancy and postpartum. During pregnancy, maternal cardiovascular system is exposed to highly increased haemodynamic stress that significantly impacts health status of the mother and offspring. Resulting from sub-optimal maternal health conditions overlooked in pre-pregnancy time, progressive abnormalities can be expected during pregnancy and postpartum. Contextually, there are two main concepts to follow in the framework of predictive, preventive and personalised medicine, namely to develop: 1. advanced screening of sub-optimal health conditions in young populations to predict and prevent individual health risks prior to planned pregnancies 2. in-depth companion diagnostics during pregnancy to predict and prevent long-lasting postpartum health risks of the mother and offspring. Data collected in the current study demonstrate group-specific complications to health of the mother and offspring and clinical relevance of the related phenotyping in pre-pregnant mothers. Diagnostic approach proposed in this study revealed its great clinical utility demonstrating important synergies between cardiovascular maladaptation and connective tissue dysfunction. Co-diagnosed pre-pregnancy low BMI of the mother, connective tissue dysfunction, increased stiffness of peripheral vessels and decreased blood pressure are considered a highly specific maternal phenotype useful for innovative screening programmes in young populations to predict and prevent severe risks to health of the mother and offspring. This crucial discovery brings together systemic effects characteristic, for example, for individuals with Flammer syndrome predisposed to the phenotype-specific primary vascular dysregulation, pregnancy-associated risks, normal tension glaucoma, ischemic stroke at young age, impaired wound healing and associated disorders. Proposed maternal phenotyping is crucial to predict and effectively protect both the mother and offspring against health-to-disease transition. Pre-pregnancy check-up focused on sub-optimal health and utilising here described phenotypes is pivotal for advanced health policy. Plain English abstract: Cardiovascular health is decisive for reproductive function and healthy pregnancy. During pregnancy, maternal cardiovascular system may demonstrate health-to-disease transition relevant for the affected mother and offspring. Overlooked in pre-pregnancy time, progressive abnormalities can be expected during pregnancy and lifelong. Here we co-diagnosed maternal pre-pregnancy low bodyweight with systemic effects which may increase risks of pregnancy, eye and heart disorders and ischemic stroke at young age, amongst others. Innovative screening programmes focused on sub-optimal health in young populations to predict and to mitigate individual health risks prior to pregnancy is an essential innovation for health policy proposed. © 2022, The Author(s).
Cardiovascular Disease-Associated MicroRNAs as Novel Biomarkers of First-Trimester Screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in the Absence of Other Pregnancy-Related Complications; We assessed the diagnostic potential of cardiovascular disease-associated microRNAs for the early prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in singleton pregnancies of Caucasian descent in the absence of other pregnancy-related complications. Whole peripheral venous blood samples were collected within 10 to 13 weeks of gestation. This retrospective study involved all pregnancies diagnosed with only GDM (n = 121) and 80 normal term pregnancies selected with regard to equality of sample storage time. Gene expression of 29 microRNAs was assessed using real-time RT-PCR. Upregulation of 11 microRNAs (miR-1-3p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-100-5p, miR-125b-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-181a-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-499a-5p, and miR-574-3p) was observed in pregnancies destinated to develop GDM. Combined screening of all 11 dysregulated microRNAs showed the highest accuracy for the early identification of pregnancies destinated to develop GDM. This screening identified 47.93% of GDM pregnancies at a 10.0% false positive rate (FPR). The predictive model for GDM based on aberrant microRNA expression profile was further improved via the implementation of clinical characteristics (maternal age and BMI at early stages of gestation and an infertility treatment by assisted reproductive technology). Following this, 69.17% of GDM pregnancies were identified at a 10.0% FPR. The effective prediction model specifically for severe GDM requiring administration of therapy involved using a combination of these three clinical characteristics and three microRNA biomarkers (miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, and miR-195-5p). This model identified 78.95% of cases at a 10.0% FPR. The effective prediction model for GDM managed by diet only required the involvement of these three clinical characteristics and eight microRNA biomarkers (miR-1-3p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-100-5p, miR-125b-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-499a-5p, and miR-574-3p). With this, the model identified 50.50% of GDM pregnancies managed by diet only at a 10.0% FPR. When other clinical variables such as history of miscarriage, the presence of trombophilic gene mutations, positive first-trimester screening for preeclampsia and/or fetal growth restriction by the Fetal Medicine Foundation algorithm, and family history of diabetes mellitus in first-degree relatives were included in the GDM prediction model, the predictive power was further increased at a 10.0% FPR (72.50% GDM in total, 89.47% GDM requiring therapy, and 56.44% GDM managed by diet only). Cardiovascular disease-associated microRNAs represent promising early biomarkers to be implemented into routine first-trimester screening programs with a very good predictive potential for GDM. © 2022 by the authors.
Long-Term Maternal Metabolic and Cardiovascular Phenotypes after a Pregnancy Complicated by Mild Gestational Diabetes Mellitus or Obesity; Objective The aim of this study was to evaluate the association of mild gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obesity with metabolic and cardiovascular markers 5 to 10 years after pregnancy. Study Design This was a secondary analysis of 5- to 10-year follow-up study of a mild GDM treatment trial and concurrent observational cohort of participants ineligible for the trial with abnormal 1-hour glucose challenge test only. Participants with 2-hour glucose tolerance test at follow-up were included. The primary exposures were mild GDM and obesity. The outcomes were insulinogenic index (IGI), 1/homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and cardiovascular markers vascular endothelial growth factor, (VEGF), vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM-1), cluster of differentiation 40 ligand (CD40L), growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15), and suppression of tumorgenesis 2 (ST-2). Multivariable linear regression estimated the association of GDM and obesity with biomarkers. Results Of 951 participants in the parent study, 642 (68%) were included. Lower 1/HOMA-IR were observed in treated and untreated GDM groups, compared with non-GDM (mean differences, -0.24 and -0.15; 95% confidence intervals [CIs], -0.36 to -0.12 and -0.28 to -0.03, respectively). Lower VCAM-1 (angiogenesis) was observed in treated GDM group (mean difference, -0.11; 95% CI, -0.19 to -0.03). GDM was not associated with IGI or other biomarkers. Obesity was associated with lower 1/HOMA-IR (mean difference, -0.42; 95% CI, -0.52 to -0.32), but not other biomarkers. Conclusion Prior GDM and obesity are associated with more insulin resistance but not insulin secretion or consistent cardiovascular dysfunction 5 to 10 years after delivery. Key Points Mild GDM increases the risk of insulin resistance 5 to 10 years postpartum but not pancreatic dysfunction. Obesity increases the risk of insulin resistance 5 to 10 years postpartum but not pancreatic dysfunction. Neither mild GDM nor obesity increased the risk of cardiovascular dysfunction 5 to 10 years postpartum. © 2022 Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Prevalence of a History of Metabolic or Hypertensive Pregnancy Disorder in Patients With Myocardial Infarction and Non-obstructive Coronary Arteries: An Observational Cohort Study; Introduction: Myocardial infarction with non-obstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA) predominantly affects younger females. Women with a history of gestational hypertension (GH), preeclampsia (PE), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are subjected to an elevated lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease. However, data on the potential association between these obstetric complications and MINOCA is lacking. Therefore, the current study aimed to provide insight in the prevalence of metabolic and hypertensive pregnancy disorders (MHPD) in MINOCA patients and their clinical characteristics. Methods: In this observational cohort study conducted at the Zuyderland Medical Center and Maastricht University Medical Center in the Netherlands, patients were enrolled if they were identified as having MINOCA. Data on individual patient characteristics, laboratory results, electrocardiography as well as (non-)invasive imaging procedures were derived from the electronic health record system. Patients were asked to complete a questionnaire about prior MHPD including GDM, GH, and PE. Patients were grouped into those with MHPD and those with prior uncomplicated normotensive pregnancy (or pregnancies; NP). Results: After excluding patients without 1-year follow-up (n = 53), 86 female MINOCA patients remained eligible for analysis. Of the total female population, 25 (29.1%) patients had MHPD, including GH (n = 19; 22.1%), PE (n = 4; 4.7%), and GDM (n = 7; 8.1%). The MHPD patients showed higher rates of chronic hypertension (84.0 vs. 55.7%; p = 0.013), hypercholesterolemia (64.0 vs. 34.4%; p = 0.012), a family history of CVD (84.0 vs. 45.9%; p = 0.001), gout or rheumatic arthritis (16.0 vs. 1.6%; p = 0.024), and were more often non-smokers (45.8 vs. 78.3%; p = 0.004), compared to the NP patients. Moreover, MHPD patients were more likely to use cardiovascular medications at baseline. A trend toward no specific cause found for the MINOCA event was observed in MHPD patients compared to the NP group (64.0 vs. 42.6%, p = 0.072). Conclusion: A history of metabolic and hypertensive pregnancy disorders occurred in one-third of female MINOCA patients. In these patients, conventional cardiovascular risk factors were more prevalent compared to NP patients. In most MHPD patients, the specific cause for MINOCA remained unclear. Copyright © 2022 Pustjens, Vranken, Jansen, Winkler, Stein, Hoebers, Kietselaer, Spaanderman, Rasoul, Ghossein-Doha and van 't Hof.
The Role of Slit-2 in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Its Effect on Pregnancy Outcome; Background: Slit guidance ligand 2 (Slit-2), as a member of the Slit family, can regulate the inflammatory response and glucose metabolism. The purpose of this study was to explore the expression of Slit-2 in maternal peripheral blood and neonatal cord blood of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients and its potential importance in disease progression. Methods: This study included 57 healthy pregnant women and 61 GDM patients. The levels of Slit-2, C-reactive protein (CRP), monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), C-peptide (C-P), galectin-3(Gal-3), HbA1c, fasting blood glucose (FBG) and fasting insulin (FINS) in maternal peripheral blood and neonatal cord blood were detected by ELISA. Spearman’s rank correlation test was used to assess the association between peripheral Slit-2 and inflammatory indicators, insulin resistance, and pregnancy outcomes. Logistic regression analysis was used to analyze the risk factors of GDM. Results: Slit-2 levels in maternal peripheral blood and neonatal cord blood of the GDM patients were higher than those of the HC. Slit-2 levels in maternal peripheral blood and neonatal cord blood of the GDM patients were positively correlated with inflammatory factors CRP and MCP-1 levels. The level of Slit-2 in the maternal peripheral blood of the GDM patients was positively correlated with the level of homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and HbA1c in maternal peripheral blood, but was negatively correlated with the level of homeostasis model assessment –β (HOMA-β). We also found that the Slit-2 level in the maternal peripheral blood of the GDM patients was negatively correlated with neonatal blood glucose, positively correlated with neonatal weight and independent of neonatal total bilirubin. Conclusion: Our study suggests that the abnormal increase in Slit-2 in GDM may be related to its pathogenesis, and it was correlated with neonatal blood glucose and weight in patients with GDM, suggesting that Slit-2 may be a potential biomarker of GDM. Copyright © 2022 Wang, Zhao, Peng, Chen, Chi, Che and Wang.
Influence of Gender in Diabetes Mellitus and Its Complication; In medicine, there is growing evidence that gender differences are important and lead to variations in the pathophysiology and treatment of many diseases with traits that appear to be particularly relevant in influencing the outcomes of many morbid forms. Today, the inclusion of gender in biomedical research, to improve the scientific quality and scientific relevance of knowledge, of technology is an increasingly present element precisely due to the practical implications that derive from it. Gender differences describe the biological variability between women and men, which is, in turn, related to differences in the information contained in sex chromosomes, the specific gene expression of autosomes linked to sex, the different number and quality of sex hormones, and their different effects on systems and organs, without neglecting the fact that each of the sexes has different target organs on which these hormones act. Additionally, both genders undergo metabolic changes throughout their lives, and this is especially true for women who show more dramatic changes due to their role in reproduction. Gender differences are not only the result of our genetic makeup but are also mixed with socio-cultural habits, behaviors, and lifestyles, differences between women and men, exposure to specific environmental influences, different food and lifestyle styles or stress, or different attitude in compliance with treatments and disease prevention campaigns. Gender differences also affect behavior throughout life, and physical changes can have implications for lifestyle, social roles, and mental health. Therefore, determinism and therapeutic outcome in chronic diseases are influenced by a complex combination of biological and environmental factors, not forgetting that there are many interactions of social and biological factors in women and men. This review will address the role of gender differences in the management of various forms of diabetes and its complications considering the different biological functions of hormones, the difference in body composition, physiological differences in glucose and fat metabolism, also considering the role of the microbiota. intestinal, as well as the description of gestational diabetes linked to possible pathophysiological events typical of reproduction. © 2022 by the authors.
Predictive Metabolomic Markers in Early to Mid-pregnancy for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Test and Validation Study; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predisposes pregnant individuals to perinatal complications and long-term diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. We developed and validated metabolomic markers for GDM in a prospective test-validation study. In a case-control sample within the PETALS cohort (GDM n = 91 and non-GDM n = 180; discovery set), a random PETALS subsample (GDM n = 42 and non-GDMn = 372; validation set 1), and a case-control sample within the GLOW trial (GDM n = 35 and non-GDM n = 70; validation set 2), fasting serumuntargetedmetabolomics were measured by gas chromatography/timeof- flight mass spectrometry. Multivariate enrichment analysis examined associations between metabolites and GDM. Ten-fold cross-validated LASSO regression identified predictivemetabolomicmarkers at gestationalweeks (GW) 10-13 and 16-19 for GDM. Purinone metabolites at GW 10-13 and 16-19 and amino acids, amino alcohols, hexoses, indoles, and pyrimidinemetabolites at GW16-19 were positively associated with GDM risk (false discovery rate <0.05). A 17-metabolite panel at GW 10-13 outperformed the model using conventional risk factors, including fasting glycemia (area under the curve: Discovery 0.871 vs. 0.742, validation 1 0.869 vs. 0.731, and validation 2 0.972 vs. 0.742; P < 0.01). Similar results were observed with a 13-metabolite panel at GW 17-19. Dysmetabolism is present early in pregnancy among individuals progressing to GDM. Multimetabolite panels in early pregnancy can predict GDMrisk beyond conventional risk factors. © 2022 by the American Diabetes Association.
Reference intervals for clinical biochemistry and haematology tests during normal pregnancy; Background: Pregnancy induces physiological changes which affect biochemical and haematological parameters. As the significance of laboratory test results change throughout pregnancy, the reference interval (RI) or key result interpretive guide should be specific to pregnancy. This study sought to establish trimester-specific-RIs for routine biochemical and haematological tests in healthy white European women with singleton pregnancies with comparison to RIs for non-pregnant European adults. Methods: A retrospective analysis of a prospective longitudinal single-centre study of healthy pregnant women conducted between November 2018 and December 2020 in a tertiary academic hospital with approximately 3000 births annually. Inclusion criteria: signed informed consent, age ≥18 years, white European, body mass index (BMI) <25 kg/m2, blood pressure <140/90mmHg, non-smoker, no previous pathology or gestational diabetes. Trimester defined as T1: up to 13 weeks + 6 days, T2: 14–27 weeks + 6 days and T3: ≥28–41 weeks + 6 days. Baseline demographics, anthropometric and laboratory measurements were recorded. In total, 31 biochemical and 10 haematological ISO15189:2012 accredited tests were measured using Roche Cobas® and Sysmex XN-9100™ analysers, respectively. RIs were established according to the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry (IFCC) recommended method. Results: Apparently healthy pregnant women (n = 124) with bio-banked serum samples in each trimester were recruited. At the booking visit, 49.2% (n = 61) of participants were nulliparous, with median age of 34.4 (IQR: 31.3–37.3) years, gestational age of 89 (IQR: 84–93) days, BMI of 22.5 (IQR: 21.0–23.7) kg/m2 and systolic and diastolic blood pressure of 116 (110–125) mmHg and 67 (61–75) mmHg, respectively. Conclusions: Normative trimester-specific biological intervals for routinely requested biochemical and haematological medical laboratory tests were established. These RIs will be invaluable to result interpretation and the management of pregnant women. © The Author(s) 2022.
Impact of prior gestational diabetes on long-term type 2 diabetes complications; Aims: While women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and at a younger age, it is unknown whether T2DM following GDM is associated with worse clinical outcomes. This study aims to examine the impact of GDM on subsequent development of long-term complications of T2DM. Methods: All women with T2DM from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES), a nationally representative cross-sectional survey of US population, between 2007 and 2018 (n = 2494) were stratified into two groups: those with a history of GDM (n = 385) and those without (n = 2109). Rates of macrovascular and microvascular complications of T2DM were compared between the two groups using bivariate and multivariate analyses. Results: Of 2494 participants with T2DM included in the analysis, 385 (15.4 %) had a history of GDM and 2109 (84.6 %) did not. A history of GDM was independently associated with increased risk of myocardial infarction (aOR 2.53, 95%Cl: 1.18–5.40) and likely coronary artery disease (aOR 2.15, 95 % Cl: 1.00–4.66). Conclusions: In this cohort, women with T2DM and a history of GDM had higher risk of macrovascular complications of myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease, compared to those with no history of gestational diabetes. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Cardiometabolic Pregnancy Complications in Association With Autism-Related Traits as Measured by the Social Responsiveness Scale in ECHO; Prior work has examined associations between cardiometabolic pregnancy complications and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) but not how these complications may relate to social communication traits more broadly. We addressed this question within the Environmental Inf luences on Child Health Outcomes program, with 6,778 participants from 40 cohorts conducted from 1998–2021 with information on ASD-related traits via the Social Responsiveness Scale. Four metabolic pregnancy complications were examined individually, and combined, in association with Social Responsiveness Scale scores, using crude and adjusted linear regression as well as quantile regression analyses. We also examined associations stratified by ASD diagnosis, and potential mediation by preterm birth and low birth weight, and modification by child sex and enriched risk of ASD. Increases in ASD-related traits were associated with obesity (β = 4.64, 95% confidence interval: 3.27, 6.01) and gestational diabetes (β = 5.21, 95% confidence interval: 2.41, 8.02), specifically, but not with hypertension or preeclampsia. Results among children without ASD were similar to main analyses, but weaker among ASD cases. There was not strong evidence for mediation or modification. Results suggest that common cardiometabolic pregnancy complications may inf luence child ASD-related traits, not only above a diagnostic threshold relevant to ASD but also across the population. © The Author(s) 2022.
Comparison of Parameters of Fetal Doppler Echocardiography Between Mothers with and Without Diabetes; Objectives: The current study aimed to compare fetal myocardial function and ventricular thickness in diabetic and normal preg-nancies. Methods: Women with singleton pregnancies in the second or third trimester who were referred for routine prenatal or anomaly ultrasounds within March 2020 to February 2021 were enrolled in the study. Women with a positive history of overt or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) were considered the case group (n = 50), and women without GDM were considered the control group (n = 50). The study did not include women with multifetal pregnancy, hypertension, intrauterine growth retardation, and polyhydramnios. A complete fetal Doppler echocardiography was performed to measure isovolumic relaxation time (IVRT), left myocardial performance index (MPI), E/A ratio, right and left ventricular wall thickness, and end-diastolic interventricular septal thickness (IVST). The data were analyzed using three types of decision tree (DT) algorithms, and the performance of each DT was measured on the testing dataset. Results: The frequency of IVRT > 41 milliseconds was significantly higher in the case group than in the control group. The mean MPI values were 0.53 ± 0.15 and 0.43 ± 0.09 (P < 0.05), respectively, and the mean IVST values were 3.3 ± 1.11 and 2.49 ± 0.55 mm (P < 0.05) in the case and control groups, respectively, but not different between the subjects with overt or GDM (P > 0.05). Additionally, in the case group, the mean left MPI values were 0.57 ± 0.18 and 0.49 ± 0.12 in participants with poor and good glycemic control, respectively (P = 0.12). Conclusions: Complete prenatal echocardiography performed in the second or third trimester is an appropriate tool for the diagnosis of fetal cardiac dysfunction in diabetic mothers and is suggested to perform for diabetic mothers, even those with good glycemic control. © 2022 International Journal of Endocrinology and Metabolism.
Application of left ventricular myocardial function in pregnant women with impaired glucose tolerance in the third trimester and the predictive value on perinatal adverse events; Objective To evaluate left ventricular myocardial work in pregnant women with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) in the third trimester by the non-invasive technical parameters of pressure-strain loop(PSL), and to explore its predictive value of risk of perinatal adverse events. Methods From October 2020 to October 2021, 70 pregnant women of IGT and 50 healthy pregnant women in Henan Provincial People's Hospital were included, and a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test(OGTT) was performed at 24-28 weeks. Then their routine obstetric examinations were followed up until one week postpartum and perinatal adverse events were recorded, such as diabetic mother-infant syndrome, macrosomia, et al. After 36 weeks of pregnancy before childbirth, echocardiography was performed and dynamic images of 3-5 cardiac cycles at apical four-chamber view, three-chamber view, and two-chamber view were recorded. Simultaneously, pressure-strain loop(PSL) curve, left ventricular global longitudinal strain(GLS), global work index(GWI), global constructive work(GCW), global wasted work(GWW) and global work efficiency (GWE) were calculated through the EchoPAC 203 workstation. Then the differences of all parameters were compared between the two groups. And a prediction model for perinatal adverse events was built by binary logistic regression, and ROC curve was used to analyze the prediction efficiencies of the prediction model and each independent influencing factor. Results Compared with the control group, the absolute values of GLS, GWI and GCW of IGT group were lower(all P < 0.05). The incidence of perinatal adverse events of the IGT group, including adverse pregnancy outcomes and neonatal adverse outcomes, was higher than that in the control group (P < 0.05). According to logistic regression model, the GLS, GWI, GCW and 2-hour postprandial blood glucose (2-hPBG) were independent influencing factors for perinatal complications (all P<C0. 05); in addition, ROC curve anaysis showed the area under the curve of the predictive model based on the influencing factors, GLS, GWI, GWE and 2-h PBG were respectively 0.903, 0.820, 0.879, 0.854 and 0.771. Conclusions The parameters of PSL can quantitatively assess the changes of left ventricular myocardial work in pregnancy women with IGT; and the incidence of perinatal adverse events in IGT pregnant women is higher; GWI, GCW, the models constructed based on GLS, GWI, GCW and 2-hPBG have potential values in predicting the risk of perinatal adverse events. © 2022 Journal of Zhongshan University. All rights reserved.
GESTATIONAL DIABETES: PREVALENCE AND RISKS FOR THE MOTHER AND CHILD (REVIEW); Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is chronic hyperglycemia during gestation in women without previously diagnosed diabetes. This hyperglycemia is caused by impaired glucose tolerance due to pancreatic β-cell dysfunction in the setting of chronic insulin resistance. GDM has been found to affect approximately 4-16.5% of pregnant women worldwide. The large range of prevalence is associated with different approaches to the diagnosis of gestational diabetes, which are addressed in recent organizational documents but have not yet been introduced into wide clinical practice, and therefore prevalence figures vary between countries, as well as between regions of one country. Studies have shown that overweight and obese patients or people with a family history of any form of diabetes are more likely to have GDM and the incidence of GDM increases with the age of the pregnant woman. It has been proven that half of the cases of GDM occur as a relapse in a subsequent pregnancy. Consequences of GDM include an increased risk of maternal cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes, as well as macrosomia and birth complications in the infant. There is also a long-term risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the child. Conclusion: Despite the fact that management strategies, insulin therapy, and behavioral therapy have been discussed for a long time, the effectiveness of these methods is insufficient. This review discusses what is currently known about the epidemiology, pathophysiology of GDM, and maternal and child outcomes. © GMN.
Association Between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and the Risks of Type-Specific Cardiovascular Diseases; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been linked to subsequent overall cardiovascular diseases. However, evidence on the associations of GDM with type-specific cardiovascular diseases is lacking, and findings on the potential impact of type 2 diabetes on the associations are not consistent. This study aimed to explore the associations between GDM and the risks of type-specific cardiovascular diseases. Methods: Data were from 12,025 women (≥20 years) who had delivered at least one live birth in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2007–2018. GDM history and type-specific cardiovascular diseases including coronary heart disease (CHD), heart failure and stroke were defined by self-report. We also combined our results with those from previously related publications on the associations between GDM and risks of type-specific cardiovascular diseases with a random-effect model. Results: Compared with women without GDM, the multivariable-adjusted odds ratios (95% confidence intervals) were 1.82 (1.21–2.72) for CHD, 1.43 (0.80–2.53) for heart failure, and 1.19 (0.76–1.86) for stroke among women with a history of GDM. Type 2 diabetes was associated with 43.90, 67.44, and 63.16% of the excess odds of CHD, heart failure and stroke associated with GDM, respectively. Combining results from this study with those from previously related studies yielded odds ratios (95% confidence intervals) of 1.81 (1.60–2.05) for CHD (12 studies, 7,615,322 participants, I2= 72.6%), 1.66 (1.25–2.21) for heart failure (5 studies, 4,491,665 participants, I2= 88.6%), and 1.25 (1.07–1.46) for cerebrovascular disease (9 studies, 6,090,848 participants, I2= 77.8%). Conclusions: GDM showed stronger associations with coronary heart diseases and heart failure than cerebrovascular disease, and the excess risks are attributable, in part, to type 2 diabetes. Copyright © 2022 Mao, Hu, Xia, Liu, Han and Liu.
Comparison of biomarkers of oxidative stress, 8-isoprostane, advanced oxidation protein products, and 8-hydroxy-2′-deoxyguanosine and pro-apoptosis, cytokeratin 18 M30, in women with normal glucose tolerance and gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: We aimed to compare the values of selected biomarkers of oxidative stress, 8-isoprostane (8IsoP), advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP), and 8-hydroxy-2′-deoxyguanosine (8OHdG) and pro-apoptosis, cytokeratin 18 M30 (CK18 M30), in women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: The study included the following: NGT group, including pregnant women who were healthy and did not have a diabetic pregnancy (n=83) and GDM group, including pregnant women with GDM (n=69). The inclusion criteria were the following: being between the ages of 18–42, gestational age being 24–41 weeks, and the absence of labor. We collected perinatal clinical characteristics and measured serum 8IsoP, AOPP, 8-OHdG, and CK18 M30. Results: Prepregnancy body mass index and gestational weight gain and rate of cesarean delivery of the GDM group were significantly higher compared to the NGT group (p<0.05). Compared to the NGT group, the median values of serum 8IsoP, AOPP, 8OHdG, and CK18 M30 in the GDM group were found as increased significantly [8IsoP: 194.5 (121.8–255.9) vs. (153.1 (123.7–178.5); (p=0.023)]; [AOPP: 3.7 (1.7–8.9) vs. (2.1 (0.8–6.4); (p=0.036)]; [8OHdG: 11.8 (6.9–31.3) vs. (6.8 (1–28.2); (p=0.042)]; and [CK18 M30: 2.4 (1.4–5.4) vs. (1.8 (1.13.6); (p=0.044)]. Conclusions: Women with GDM have increased oxidative stress presented by serum oxidized protein, lipid, and DNA biomarkers and pro-apoptosis demonstrated by CK18 M30. This supports the role of oxidized biomolecules in the pathogenesis of GDM. With piling data related to biomarkers changed into women with GDM, it will be possible to clarify the pathophysiology of GDM and its comorbidities. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Research Society for Study of Diabetes in India.
Maternal hemodynamic changes in gestational diabetes: a prospective case–control study; Purpose: The aim of the study is to compare maternal hemodynamic adaptations in gestational diabetes (GDM) versus healthy pregnancies. Methods: A prospective case–control study was conducted, comparing 69 singleton pregnancies with GDM and 128 controls, recruited between September 2018 and April 2019 in Maternal–Fetal Medicine Unit, Careggi University Hospital, Florence, Italy. Hemodynamic assessment by UltraSonic Cardiac Output Monitor (USCOM) was performed in both groups in four gestational age intervals: 17–20 weeks (only in early GDM cases), 26–30 weeks, 32–35 weeks and 36–39 weeks. We evaluated six hemodynamic parameters comparing GDM cases versus controls: cardiac output (CO), cardiac index (CI), stroke volume (SV), total vascular resistance (TVR), inotropy index (INO) and potential to kinetic energy ratio (PKR). Results: GDM group had significantly lower values of CO and SV than controls from the early third trimester (26–30 weeks) until term (p < 0.001). CI is significantly lower in GDM women already at the first evaluation (p = 0.002), whereas TVR and PKR were significantly higher in GDM (p < 0.001). GDM women showed also lower INO values than controls in all assessments. Conclusions: A hemodynamic maternal maladaptation to pregnancy can be detected in GDM women. The effect of hyperglycemia on vascular system or a poor pre-pregnancy cardiovascular (CV) reserve could explain this hemodynamic maladaptation. The abnormal CV response to pregnancy in GDM women may reveal a predisposition to develop CV disease later in life and might help in identifying patients who need a CV follow‐up. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Sports Obstetrics: Implications of Pregnancy in Elite Sportswomen, a Narrative Review; Increasing numbers of females are participating in elite sports, with a record number having competed at the Tokyo Olympic Games. Importantly, the ages of peak performance and fertility are very likely to coincide; as such, it is inevitable that pregnancy will occur during training and competition. Whilst there is considerable evidence to promote regular exercise in pregnancy, with benefits including a reduction in hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, and reduced rates of post-natal depression, few studies have been conducted which include elite athletes. Indeed, there are concerns that high-intensity exercise may lead to increased rates of miscarriage and preterm labour, amongst other pregnancy-related complications. There is minimal guidance on the obstetric management of athletes, and consequently, healthcare professionals frequently adopt a very conservative approach to managing such people. This narrative review summarises the evidence on the antenatal, intrapartum, and postpartum outcomes in elite athletes and provides recommendations for healthcare providers, demonstrating that generally, pregnant athletes can continue their training, with a few notable exceptions. It also summarises the physiological changes that occur in pregnancy and reviews the literature base regarding how these changes may impact performance, with benefits arising from pregnancy-associated cardiovascular adaptations at earlier gestations but later changes causing an increased risk of injury and fatigue. © 2022 by the authors.
Correlation of Fibroblast Growth Factor 21 (FGF-21) with Fetal and Maternal Complications in Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background: In the second or third trimester of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can be characterized as glucose intolerance that was not overt prior to gestation. It can have long-term health effects, even if most GDMs go away on their own after delivery. It involves a higher risk for mothers to develop cardiovascular problems or type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and the child's propensity for obesity, cardiovascular disease, or T2DM. In addition to the liver, other metabolically active tissues such as fat, skeletal muscle, and the pancreas express the hepatokine FGF-21. T2DM can be predicted by a high level of FGF-21. T2DM and GDM are thought to share comparable pathogenesis, but the link between FGF-21 and GDM remains vague. The aim of the study to assess the correlation of FGF-21 with fetal and maternal complications among cases who had GDM. Patients and methods: There were 50 women diagnosed with GDM at 24-28 weeks of gestation and 50 healthy women recruited from the Diabetes and Obstetrics outpatient clinic to participate in this case-control research. Results: GDM patients had greater concentrations of FGF-21 compared to control group (p-value <0.01). Fasting blood glucose, 2-hour postprandial glucose, and haemoglobin A1C all had a significant correlation with serum FGF-21 in our research. Moreover, serum FGF-21 was correlated with the incidence of maternal hypertension in the studied groups (p-value 0.011), while the correlation of FGF-21 with the incidence of fetal complications whether fetal macrosomia, respiratory distress, or neonatal hypoglycemia was not significant. Conclusion:: FGF-21 levels are elevated in patients with GDM. Pregnant women who had greater levels of FGF-21 in their blood were shown to have higher blood pressure readings in this study. Maternal and fetal outcomes should be better linked to FGF-21 levels during pregnancy through additional research. © 2022, Ain Shams University Faculty of Medicine. All rights reserved.
Proteomics and bioinformatics analysis of cardiovascular related proteins in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Previous studies have demonstrated that exposed to the initial suboptimal intrauterine environment of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may increase risk of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Methods: In order to investigate the underlying mechanisms involved in the increased risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) in the offspring of GDM, we applied a high-throughput proteomics approach to compare the proteomic expression profile of human umbilical vessels of normal and GDM offspring. Results: A total of significantly different 100 proteins were identified in umbilical vessels from GDM group compared with normal controls, among which 31 proteins were up-regulated, while 69 proteins were down-regulated. Differentially expressed proteins (DEPs) are validated using Western blotting analysis. The analysis of these differently expressed proteins (DEPs) related diseases and functions results, performed by Ingenuity Pathway Analysis (IPA) software. Based on “Diseases and Disorders” analysis, 17 proteins (ACTA2, ADAR, CBFB, DDAH1, FBN1, FGA, FGB, FGG, GLS, GSTM1, HBB, PGM3, PPP1R13L, S100A8, SLC12A4, TPP2, VCAN) were described to be associated with CVD, especially in Anemia, Thrombus and Myocardial infarction. Functional analysis indicated that DEPs involved in many cardiovascular functions, especially in “vasoconstriction of blood vessel” (related DEPs: ACTA2, DDAH1, FBN1, FGA, FGB, and FGG). Upstream regulator analyses of DEPs identifies STAT3 as inhibitor of ACTA2, FGA, FGB, and FGG. Conclusion: The results of this study indicate that intrauterine hyperglycemia is associated with an elevated risk of cardiovascular risk in the offspring. Copyright © 2022 Pan, Xiong, Zhu, Shi, Yu, Ding, Xu, Ding, Zhang and Zhang.
Pre-kidney Donation Pregnancy Complications and Long-term Outcomes; Background. Hypertension and diabetes are contraindications for living kidney donation in young candidates. However, little is known about the long-term outcomes of women who had these pregnancy-related complications and subsequently became donors. In the general population, gestational hypertension (GHtn), preeclampsia/eclampsia, and gestational diabetes (GDM) are associated with long-term risks. Methods. Donors with the specified predonation complication were matched to contemporary control donors with pregnancies without the complication using nearest neighbor propensity score matching. Propensity scores were estimated using logistic regression with covariates for gravidity, blood pressure, glucose, body mass index, age, and creatinine at donation, donation year, race, relationship with recipient, and family history of disease. Long-term incidence of hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and reduced renal function (estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR] <30, eGFR <45 mL/min/1.73 m2) were compared between groups using proportional hazards models. Results. Of 1862 donors with predonation pregnancies, 48 had preeclampsia/eclampsia, 49 had GHtn without preeclampsia, and 43 had GDM. Donors had a long interval between first pregnancy and donation (median, 18.5 y; interquartile range, 10.6-27.5) and a long postdonation follow-up time (median, 18.0; interquartile range, 9.2-27.7 y). GHtn was associated with the development of hypertension (hazard ratio, 1.89; 95% confidence interval, 1.26-2.83); GDM was associated with diabetes (hazard ratio, 3.04; 95% confidence interval, 1.33-6.99). Pregnancy complications were not associated with eGFR <30 or eGFR <45 mL/min/1.73 m2. Conclusions. Our data suggest that women with predonation pregnancy-related complications have long-term risks even with a normal donor evaluation. Donor candidates with a history of pregnancy-related complications should be counseled about these risks.  © 2022 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Breastfeeding may benefit cardiometabolic health of children exposed to increased gestational glycemia in utero; Purpose: There is altered breastmilk composition among mothers with gestational diabetes and conflicting evidence on whether breastfeeding is beneficial or detrimental to their offspring’s cardiometabolic health. We aimed to investigate associations between breastfeeding and offspring’s cardiometabolic health across the range of gestational glycemia. Methods: We included 827 naturally conceived, term singletons from a prospective mother–child cohort. We measured gestational (26–28 weeks) fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and 2-h plasma glucose (2 hPG) after an oral glucose tolerance test as continuous variables. Participants were classified into 2 breastfeeding categories (high/intermediate vs. low) according to their breastfeeding duration and exclusivity. Main outcome measures included magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)-measured abdominal fat, intramyocellular lipids (IMCL), and liver fat, quantitative magnetic resonance (QMR)-measured body fat mass, blood pressure, blood lipids, and insulin resistance at 6 years old (all continuous variables). We evaluated if gestational glycemia (FPG and 2 hPG) modified the association of breastfeeding with offspring outcomes after adjusting for confounders using a multiple linear regression model that included a ‘gestational glycemia × breastfeeding’ interaction term. Results: With increasing gestational FPG, high/intermediate (vs. low) breastfeeding was associated with lower levels of IMCL (p-interaction = 0.047), liver fat (p-interaction = 0.033), and triglycerides (p-interaction = 0.007), after adjusting for confounders. Specifically, at 2 standard deviations above the mean gestational FPG level, high/intermediate (vs. low) breastfeeding was linked to lower adjusted mean IMCL [0.39% of water signal (0.29, 0.50) vs. 0.54% of water signal (0.46, 0.62)], liver fat [0.39% by weight (0.20, 0.58) vs. 0.72% by weight (0.59, 0.85)], and triglycerides [0.62 mmol/L (0.51, 0.72) vs. 0.86 mmol/L (0.75, 0.97)]. 2 hPG did not significantly modify the association between breastfeeding and childhood cardiometabolic risk. Conclusion: Our findings suggest breastfeeding may confer protection against adverse fat partitioning and higher triglyceride concentration among children exposed to increased glycemia in utero. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany.
Uterine fibroids are associated with increased risk of pre-eclampsia: A case-control study; Purpose: Uterine fibroids are associated with hypertension in non-pregnant women. We aimed to evaluate the association between uterine fibroids and pre-eclampsia (PE). Patients and methods: Participants were pregnant women who delivered in the Department of Obstetrics of the People's Hospital of Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region between January and December 2021. Patients with PE were identified as the case group, whereas those without PE were selected as the control group, using age-matching and a ratio of 1:5. Ultrasound examination during early pregnancy was used to detect uterine fibroids. Multivariable logistic regression was applied to evaluate the association between uterine fibroids and PE. Results: In total, 121 cases with PE and 578 controls without PE were included, with mean age of 32.9 years and gestational age of 37.7 weeks. Time of ultrasound examination was 12.0 ± 2.6 weeks. The case group had a significantly higher exposure rate of uterine fibroids than the control group (14.0 vs. 6.9%, P = 0.009). Multivariable Logistic regression models adjusted for potential confounding factors, including gestational age and blood pressure in early gestation, showed that pregnant women with uterine fibroids in early pregnancy exhibited three-fold higher odds for PE (OR, 3.02; 95% CI, 1.20–7.60; P = 0.019). Sensitivity analysis, which excluded those with gestational diabetes, further confirmed the robustness of the results. The association between uterine fibroids and PE was stronger in pregnant women aged ≥35 years and multiparas. Conclusion: Uterine fibroids are significantly associated with an increased risk of PE in pregnant women. Uterine fibroids may serve as a new factor for identifying pregnant women at high risk of PE, and the effect of myomectomy before pregnancy on prevention of PE is worth further exploring. Copyright © 2022 Gong, Liu, Shi and Huang.
Efficacy of Prophylactic Use of Metformin in Prevention of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Nondiabetic Obese Pregnant Women; Background & Objective: Maternal obesity can increases pregnancy consequences like postpartum hemorrhage, preeclampsia, need for cesarean section, neonatal death, and fetal macrosomia. In this study, the efficacy of prophylactic use of metformin to prevent gestational diabetes mellitus in nondiabetic pregnant women with obesity was examined. Materials & Methods: This study was a clinical trial. Totally, 340 pregnant women who were in the first trimester were referred to the gynecology clinic of Motahhari hospital in Urmia after ensuring the absence of underlying diseases such as diabetes, hypertension, kidney, liver, and cardiovascular disease, without a history of allergy to metformin, in case of a singleton pregnancy, and Body Mass Index (BMI) above 30 were allocated to two equal groups. The intervention group was given 1000 mg of metformin, and the control group was given a placebo. Demographic information, including age, gravity, parity, live birth, birth, and maternal weight, previous delivery method, abortion, delivery method with its cause, polyhydramnios, NICU hospitalization, gestational age, mortality, and neonatal anomalies was also recorded. The results were analyzed using SPSS version 26. Results: In the control group, 15 mothers (9.4%) out of 160 people, and in the intervention group, 13 mothers (8.1%) had gestational diabetes (P=0.692). In the intervention group, the mean insulin dose was 10.8 ±3 units; in the control group, the mean insulin dose was 21.2±15.7 units (P=0.048). Twenty patients (6.7%) out of 297 obese patients and 8 patients (34.8%) in the morbid obesity group had diabetes (P<0.001). In the control group, the mean weight of mothers was 8.04±2.5 kg; in the intervention group, it was 5.2±2.3 kg during pregnancy (P<0.001). Gestational diabetes, delivery method, death one week after birth, preterm birth, polyhydramnios, and intensive care unit were similar in the two groups. Conclusion: Metformin in pregnant women with a BMI>30 deals with low maternal weight, reduced birth weight, and reduced insulin dose in diabetic mothers. © 2022, Farname Inc. All rights reserved.
A Qualitative Study of Perceptions, Strengths, and Opportunities in Cardiometabolic Risk Management During Pregnancy and Postpartum in a Georgia Safety-Net Hospital, 2021; Introduction Despite the strong link between cardiometabolic pregnancy complications and future heart disease, there are documented gaps in engaging those who experience such conditions in recommended postpartum follow-up and preventive care. The goal of our study was to understand how people in a Medicaid-insured population perceive and manage risks during and after pregnancy related to an ongoing cardiometabolic disorder. Methods We conducted in-depth qualitative interviews with postpartum participants who had a cardiometabolic conditions during pregnancy (chronic or gestational diabetes, chronic or gestational hypertension, or preeclampsia). We recruited postpartum participants from a single safety-net hospital system in Atlanta, Georgia, and conducted virtual interviews during January through May 2021. We conducted a content analysis guided by the Health Belief Model and present themes related to risk management. Results From the 28 interviews we conducted, we found that during pregnancy, advice and intervention by the clinical care team facilitated management behaviors for high-risk conditions. However, participants described limited understanding of how pregnancy complications might affect future outcomes, and few described engaging in postpartum management behaviors. Conclusion Improving continuity and content of care during postpartum may improve uptake of preventive behaviors among postpartum patients at risk of heart disease. © 2022, Preventing Chronic Disease. All Rights Reserved.
Precision Medicine in Patients with Differential Diabetic Phenotypes: Novel Opportunities from Network Medicine; Introduction: Diabetes mellitus (DM) comprises differential clinical phenotypes rang-ing from rare monogenic to common polygenic forms, such as type 1 (T1DM), type 2 (T2DM), and gestational diabetes, which are associated with cardiovascular complications. Also, the high--risk prediabetic state is rising worldwide, suggesting the urgent need for early personalized strategies to prevent and treat a hyperglycemic state. Objective: We aim to discuss the advantages and challenges of Network Medicine approaches in clarifying disease-specific molecular pathways, which may open novel ways for repurposing ap-proved drugs to reach diabetes precision medicine and personalized therapy. Conclusion: The interactome or protein-protein interactions (PPIs) is a useful tool to identify sub-tle molecular differences between precise diabetic phenotypes and predict putative novel drugs. De-spite being previously unappreciated as T2DM determinants, the growth factor receptor-bound protein 14 (GRB14), calmodulin 2 (CALM2), and protein kinase C-alpha (PRKCA) might have a rele-vant role in disease pathogenesis. Besides, in silico platforms have suggested that diflunisal, nabumetone, niflumic acid, and valdecoxib may be suitable for the treatment of T1DM; phenoxy-benzamine and idazoxan for the treatment of T2DM by improving insulin secretion; and hydrox-ychloroquine reduce the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) by counteracting inflammation. Network medicine has the potential to improve precision medicine in diabetes care and enhance personalized therapy. However, only randomized clinical trials will confirm the clinical utility of net-work-oriented biomarkers and drugs in the management of DM. © 2022 Bentham Science Publishers.
Increased fetal epicardial fat thickness: A reflecting finding for GDM and perinatal outcomes; Objective: To study the value of fetal epicardial fat thickness (EFT) in gestational diabetes mellitus in the third trimester of pregnancy and its relationship with clinical parameters and perinatal outcomes. Methods: A total of 80 participants, including 40 with diagnosed GDM and 40 healthy pregnant women, were included in the study. Demographic data were obtained from medical records. Sonographic examinations were performed, such as amniotic fluid value, fetal biometric measurements, and Doppler parameters of the umbilical artery. Fetal EFT values were measured at the free wall of the right ventricle using a reference line with echocardiographic methods. Correlation tests were performed to evaluate the relationship between fetal EFT and clinical and perinatal parameters. p <.05 were interpreted as statistically significant. Results: The fetal EFT value was statistically higher in the GDM group than in the control group (p:.000). Spearman and Pearson correlation tests revealed statistically significant but weak positive correlations between fetal EFT value, 1-h 100-g OGTT, birth weight, and BMI (r:.198, p:.047; r:.395, p:.012; r:.360, p:.042, respectively). The optimal fetal EFT threshold for predicting GDM disease was found as 1.55 mm, with a specificity of 74.4% and sensitivity of 75.0%. Statistically significant differences between the two groups in umbilical artery Doppler resistance index (RI), pulsatility index (PI), and systolic/diastolic ratio (S/D) were not found (p:.337; p:.503; p:.155;). BMI and amniotic fluid volume were higher in the GDM group compared to the control group (p:.009; p <.01). Conclusion: This study demonstrated that increased fetal EFT may occur as a reflection of changes in glucose metabolism in intrauterine life. Future studies with larger series, including the study of neonatal metabolic parameters, will contribute to the understanding of the importance of fetal EFT in determining the metabolic status of the fetus. © 2022 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
The birth of cardiac disease: Mechanisms linking gestational diabetes mellitus and early onset of cardiovascular disease in offspring; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the biggest killer worldwide, composing a major economic burden for health care systems. Obesity and diabetes are dual epidemics on the rise and major risk factors predisposing for CVD. Increased obesity- and diabetes-related incidence is now observed among children, adolescents, and young adults. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic pregnancy disorder, and its prevalence is rapidly increasing. During pregnancies complicated by GDM, the offspring are exposed to a compromised intrauterine environment characterized by hyperglycemic periods. Unfavorable in utero conditions at critical periods of fetal cardiac development can produce developmental adaptations that remodel the cardiovascular system in a way that can contribute to adult-onset of heart disease due to the programming during fetal life. Epidemiological studies have reported increased cardiovascular complications among GDM-descendants, highlighting the urgent need to investigate and understand the mechanisms modulated during fetal development of in utero GDM-exposed offspring that predispose an individual to increased CVD during life. In this manuscript, we overview previous studies in this area and gather evidence linking GDM and CVD development in the offspring, providing new insights on novel mechanisms contributing to offspring CVD programming by GDM, from the role of maternal–fetal interactions to their impact on fetal cardiovascular development, how the perpetuation of cardiac programming is maintained in postnatal life, and advance the intergenerational implications contributing to increased CVD premature origin. Understanding the perpetuation of CVD can be the first step to manage and reverse this leading cause of morbidity and mortality. This article is categorized under: Reproductive System Diseases > Molecular and Cellular Physiology Cardiovascular Diseases > Molecular and Cellular Physiology Metabolic Diseases > Genetics/Genomics/Epigenetics. © 2022 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Bariatric surgery and health outcomes: An umbrella analysis; Background: There is a relative lack of data that systematically investigates the breadth and validity of the association between bariatric surgery and health-related outcomes. We aimed to evaluate the quantity, validity, and credibility of evidence regarding the association between bariatric surgery and health-related outcomes using an umbrella review of meta-analyses. Methods: We systematically searched PubMed, Embase, and the Web of Science databases from inception until December 2, 2021, to identify meta-analyses of observational or interventional studies that investigated the association between bariatric surgery and multiple health outcomes. We extracted the summary effect size and 95% confidence interval (CI) data. The Assessment of Multiple Systematic Reviews (AMSTAR-2) and Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluations (GRADE) guidelines were used for methodological and evidence quality assessments, respectively. Results: Twenty-eight studies with 82 different health-related outcomes were included in this umbrella review. Beneficial effects of bariatric surgery have been observed in cancer incidence, mortality, cardiovascular risk, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), anxiety symptoms, depressive symptoms, gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, large for gestational age (LGA), macrosomia, post-term birth, risk of kidney stones, albuminuria, urinary incontinence, fecal incontinence, Barrett’s esophagus, and diabetic retinopathy. However, adverse effects of bariatric surgery were observed for maternal anemia, perinatal mortality, congenital anomalies, preterm birth, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission, intrauterine growth restriction, small for gestational age (SGA), fracture risk, upper limb fracture, suicide, self-harm, and alcohol use disorder (AUD). Conclusions: Current evidence suggests that bariatric surgery improves the majority of health-related outcomes; however, caution is advised given it may increase the risk of adverse mental effects, perinatal problems, and fractures. Copyright © 2022 Liao, Yin, Zhong, Chen, Chen, Wen and Cai.
The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal right heart growth in late-term pregnancy: A prospective study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complication of pregnancy strongly associated with an increased risk of structural fetal abnormalities. As the fetal heart grows quickly during the late-term pregnancy period, it is important to understand fetal heart growth before birth. This study explored how GDM affects fetal heart growth by evaluating basic echocardiography indicators during late pregnancy. Methods: This prospective, longitudinal study included 63 GDM patients (GDM group) and 67 healthy pregnant women (control group). All subjects underwent fetal echocardiography scans at gestational weeks 28–32, 32–36, and 36–40. Twelve echocardiographic indicators were assessed at each observation and analyzed by using a mixed model. Results: The left atrial diameter (LA) and left ventricular end-diastolic diameter (LV) similarly increased from the first to the third observation. The right ventricular end-diastolic diameter (RV) was significantly different between the groups, and a group × time interaction was detected. The tricuspid annular peak systolic velocity (s') increased more rapidly in the GDM than the control group during the first to second observations, and the group × time interaction was significant. The increase in the tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) of the GDM group was “slow-fast”, while that of the control group was “fast-slow”, during three observations. After adjusting covariates, the group difference and interaction effect of TAPSE and RV remained significant. Conclusions: The differences in fetal right heart indicators between the GDM and control groups suggest that GDM may affect the structure and functional growth of the fetal right heart during late-term pregnancy. © 2022 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Distributed application of guideline-based decision support through mobile devices: Implementation and evaluation; Background: Traditionally guideline (GL)-based Decision Support Systems (DSSs) use a centralized infrastructure to generate recommendations to care providers, rather than to patients at home. However, managing patients at home is often preferable, reducing costs and empowering patients. Thus, we wanted to explore an option in which patients, in particular chronic patients, might be assisted by a local DSS, which interacts as needed with the central DSS engine, to manage their disease outside the standard clinical settings. Objectives: To design, implement, and demonstrate the technical and clinical feasibility of a new architecture for a distributed DSS that provides patients with evidence-based guidance, offered through applications running on the patients' mobile devices, monitoring and reacting to changes in the patient's personal environment, and providing the patients with appropriate GL-based alerts and personalized recommendations; and increase the overall robustness of the distributed application of the GL. Methods: We have designed and implemented a novel projection–callback (PCB) model, in which small portions of the evidence-based guideline's procedural knowledge are projected from a projection engine within the central DSS server, to a local DSS that resides on each patient's mobile device. The local DSS applies the knowledge using the mobile device's local resources. The GL projections generated by the projection engine are adapted to the patient's previously defined preferences and, implicitly, to the patient's current context, in a manner that is embodied in the projected therapy plans. When appropriate, as defined by a temporal pattern within the projected plan, the local DSS calls back the central DSS, requesting further assistance, possibly another projection. To support the new model, the initial specification of the GL includes two levels: one for the central DSS, and one for the local DSS. We have implemented a distributed GL-based DSS using the projection–callback model within the MobiGuide EU project, which automatically manages chronic patients at home using sensors on the patients and their mobile phone. We assessed the new GL specification process, by specifying two very different, complex GLs: for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, and for Atrial Fibrillation. Then, we evaluated the new computational architecture by applying the two GLs to the automated clinical management, at real time, of patients in two different countries: Spain and Italy, respectively. Results: The specification using the new projection-callback model was found to be quite feasible. We found significant differences between the distributed versions of the two GLs, suggesting further research directions and possibly additional ways to analyze and characterize GLs. Applying the two GLs to the two patient populations proved highly feasible as well. The mean time between the central and local interactions was quite different for the two GLs: 3.95 ± 1.95 days in the case of the gestational diabetes domain, and 23.80 ± 12.47 days, in the case of the atrial fibrillation domain, probably corresponding to the difference in the distributed specifications of the two GLs. Most of the interaction types were due to projections to the local DSS (83%); others were data notifications, mostly to change context (17%). Some of the data notifications were triggered due to technical errors. The robustness of the distributed architecture was demonstrated through the successful recovery from multiple crashes of the local DSS. Conclusions: The new projection-callback model has been demonstrated to be feasible, from specification to distributed application. Different GLs might significantly differ, however, in their distributed specification and application characteristics. Distributed medical DSSs can facilitate the remote management of chronic patients by enabling the central DSSs to delegate, in a dynamic fashion, determined by the patient's context, much of the monitoring and treatment management decisions to the mobile device. Patients can be kept in their home environment, while still maintaining, through the projection-callback mechanism, several of the advantages of a central DSS, such as access to the patient's longitudinal record, and to an up-to-date evidence-based GL repository. © 2022
Severe maternal morbidity and other perinatal complications among women with physical, sensory, or intellectual and developmental disabilities; Background: Little is known about severe maternal morbidity (SMM) among women with disabilities. Objective: We assessed differences in SMM and other perinatal complications by presence and type of disability. We hypothesised that SMM and other complications would be more common in births to women with disabilities than to women without disabilities. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of California births from 2000 to 2012, using birth and death certificate data linked with hospital discharge data. We included singleton deliveries with gestational age of 23–42 weeks. We classified women as having any disability or not and identified disability type (physical, hearing, vision, intellectual/developmental disabilities [IDD]). Our primary outcome was a composite indicator of SMM. Secondary outcomes included additional perinatal complications: gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, venous thromboembolism, chorioamnionitis, puerperal endometritis and mental health disorders complicating pregnancy, childbirth or the puerperium. We used modified Poisson regression to obtain covariate-adjusted relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the association of disability status and type with SMM and secondary outcomes. Results: Of 5,787,090 deliveries, 33,044 (0.6%) were to women with disabilities. Of these, 311 per 10,000 were complicated by SMM, compared with 84 per 10,000 deliveries to women without disabilities. In multivariable analyses, risk of SMM for births to women with disabilities was nearly three times that for women without disabilities (RR 2.84, 95% CI 2.67, 3.02). Proportion and risk of SMM were greatest for vision disability (793 per 10,000; RR 4.04, 95% CI 3.41, 4.78). Secondary outcomes were also more common among women with disabilities. In particular, more than a third of births to women with IDD (37.4%) were complicated by mental health disorders (versus 2.2% for women without disabilities). Conclusion: As hypothesised, SMM and other perinatal complications were more common among women with disabilities than among women without disabilities. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Midgestation cardiovascular phenotype in women who develop gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: comparative study; OBJECTIVE: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and/or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are at increased long-term cardiovascular risk. Mild cardiac functional alterations have been detected in women with GDM or HDP in midgestation, prior to clinical onset of the disease, but these functional alterations have not been found to be useful as screening tools. In contrast, increased impedance to peripheral blood flow, measured by echocardiography or ophthalmic artery Doppler, has been shown to provide incremental value to maternal characteristics for the prediction of pre-eclampsia. However, it is unknown whether similar changes can be detected in women at risk of GDM. In this study, we performed detailed cardiovascular phenotyping in a large, unselected population of women in midgestation to identify similarities and differences in cardiovascular adaptation in women who are at risk of GDM and/or HDP. METHODS: This was a prospective observational study in women attending for a routine hospital visit at 19 + 1 to 23 + 3 weeks' gestation. This visit included assessment of flow velocity waveforms from the maternal ophthalmic arteries, echocardiography for assessment of maternal cardiovascular function and measurement of uterine artery pulsatility index and serum placental growth factor (PlGF) for assessment of placental perfusion and function. The measured indices were converted to either multiples of the median (MoM) values or deviation from the median (delta) after adjusting for maternal characteristics and elements of medical history. Biomarker delta or MoM values in the GDM and HDP groups were compared with those in the unaffected group using 95% CI and t-tests. RESULTS: The study population of 5214 pregnancies contained 4429 (84.9%) that were unaffected by GDM or HDP, 509 (9.8%) complicated by GDM without HDP, 41 (0.8%) with GDM and HDP, and 235 (4.5%) with HDP without GDM. In HDP cases, with or without GDM, there was evidence of impaired placentation, with a decrease in PlGF, and increased impedance to flow in the peripheral circulation, suggested by an increase in ophthalmic artery peak systolic velocity (PSV) ratio, peripheral vascular resistance assessed on echocardiography and mean arterial pressure. In the GDM group without HDP, there was no evidence of altered placental perfusion or function and ophthalmic artery PSV ratio was not significantly different from that in the unaffected group; peripheral vascular resistance and mean arterial pressure were increased but to a lesser degree than in the HDP group. In the HDP group, there was an increase in global longitudinal systolic strain and slight increase in isovolumic relaxation time, while in the GDM group, there was an increase in mitral valve E/e', myocardial performance index and global longitudinal systolic strain. CONCLUSIONS: In midgestation, women who subsequently develop HDP or GDM have a mild subclinical reduction in left ventricular function. In HDP cases, with or without GDM, there is evidence of impaired placentation and all biomarkers of impedance to peripheral blood flow are consistently increased. In contrast, in the GDM group without HDP, biomarkers of placental function are normal and those of impedance to peripheral blood flow are either marginally increased or not significantly different from those in normal pregnancies. © 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology. © 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Diabetes mellitus susceptibility with varied diseased phenotypes and its comparison with phenome interactome networks; An emerging area of interest in understanding disease phenotypes is systems genomics. Complex diseases such as diabetes have played an important role towards understanding the susceptible genes and mutations. A wide number of methods have been employed and strategies such as polygenic risk score and allele frequencies have been useful, but understanding the candidate genes harboring those mutations is an unmet goal. In this perspective, using systems genomic approaches, we highlight the application of phenome-interactome networks in diabetes and provide deep insights. LINC01128, which we previously described as candidate for diabetes, is shown as an example to discuss the approach. © The Author(s) 2022. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Individual Case Safety Reports Analysis for Patients with Diabetes Mellitus on Insulin in Africa and the Middle East; Background: The growing numbers of patients with diabetes mellitus in Africa and the Middle East on antidiabetic therapies necessitate an understanding of adverse event (AE) reporting in these regions. Objective: The aim of the study was to provide an AE reporting overview in patients using insulin in Africa and the Middle East by characterizing and comparing individual case safety reports (IC-SRs) features. Methods: The cross-sectional study analyzed ICSR data from a global pharmaceutical company’s pharmacovigilance database for January to December 2018 to describe and compare patient demographics, report sources, reporter types, ICSR seriousness, suspect products, indication for insulin use and AE preferred terms, by country. Results: Overall 7076 ICSRs were analyzed, 63.6% from the Middle East. Most ICSRs were nonserious (91.5%), from solicited sources (83.5%), and reported by consumers (70.7%). Patients from the Middle East were, on average, 34.2 years of age, had gestational diabetes mellitus as indication (64.3%), insulin detemir as suspect product (76.5%), and exposure during pregnancy as AE preferred term (89.1%). Patients from Africa were 48.1 years old on average, a higher proportion of type 2 diabetes mellitus was observed (52.2%), human insulin was the suspect product (51.6%), and blood glucose increased the AE preferred term (23.1%). Few macrovascular and microvascular complications were reported (< 1% in both regions). Associations between the region and patient age, gender, report sources, reporter types, indications for insulin use, suspect products, and AE preferred term were significant (p < 0.001). Conclusion: ICSRs features were region-specific and dependent on patient age, gender, report sources, reporter types, suspect products, and AE preferred terms. © 2022 Bentham Science Publishers.
Hypertriglyceridaemia in pregnancy: an unexpected diagnosis and its management; A woman in her 30s with gestational diabetes presented at 36 weeks' gestation with reduced fetal movements and diminishing insulin requirements. In view of her gestation, she was induced and incidentally found to have profound hyponatraemia. Further biochemical investigations confirmed severe hypertriglyceridaemia and hypercholesterolaemia. This raises the possibility of secondary causes such as familial dysbetalipoproteinemia and polygenetic hypertriglyceridaemia. She was successfully managed by aggressive dietary modification. This involved a supervised fast followed by a fat-free diet. A fenofibrate was proposed but declined due to our patient's wish to breastfeed. Management required considerable input from the multidisciplinary team. Treatment options to consider are aggressive dietary restriction of fat or the addition of a cholesterol-lowering medication, such as a fibrate. In refractory cases, a supervised fast may be required or, in cases where complications have arisen, apheresis. The patient and her baby made a good recovery with no long-lasting health implications. © 2022 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Gender-differences in antithrombotic therapy across the spectrum of ischemic heart disease: Time to tackle the Yentl syndrome?; The incidence and clinical presentation of ischemic heart disease (IHD), as well as thrombotic and bleeding risks, appear to differ between genders. Compared with men, women feature an increased thrombotic risk, probably related to an increased platelet reactivity, higher level of coagulation factors, and sex-associated unique cardiovascular risk factors, such as pregnancy-related (i.e., pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes), gynecological disorders (i.e., polycystic ovary syndrome, early menopause) and autoimmune or systemic inflammatory diseases. At the same time, women are also at increased risk of bleeding, due to inappropriate dosing of antithrombotic agents, smaller blood vessels, lower body weight and comorbidities, such as diabetes and chronic kidney disease. Pharmacological strategies focused on the personalization of antithrombotic treatment may, therefore, be particularly appealing in women in light of their higher bleeding and ischemic risks. Paradoxically, although women represent a large proportion of cardiovascular patients in our practice, adequate high-quality clinical trial data on women remain scarce and inadequate to guide decision-making processes. As a result, IHD in women tends to be understudied, underdiagnosed and undertreated, a phenomenon known as a “Yentl syndrome.” It is, therefore, compelling for the scientific community to embark on dedicated clinical trials to address underrepresentation of women and to acquire evidence-based knowledge in the personalization of antithrombotic therapy in women. Copyright © 2022 Laborante, Borovac, Galli, Rodolico, Ciliberti, Restivo, Cappannoli, Arcudi, Vergallo, Zito, Princi, Leone, Aurigemma, Romagnoli, Montone, Burzotta, Trani and D’Amario.
A rare case of a mother with gestational diabetes complicated with fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus post-delivery; Fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus (FT1DM) is recognised as a novel subtype of type 1 diabetes mellitus characterised by the abrupt onset of insulin-deficient hyperglycaemia and ketoacidosis. Fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus is known to be associated with pregnancy and had been associated with high fetal mortality. We report a case of a gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mother complicated with FT1DM immediately post-delivery. A 29-year-old Malay lady who was diagnosed with GDM at 19 weeks of pregnancy, underwent emergency lower segment caesarean section (EMLSCS) due to fetal distress at 36 weeks of gestation; 18 h post-EMLSCS, she developed abrupt onset Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) (blood glucose 33.5 mmol/L, pH 6.99, bicarbonate 3.6 mmol/L, ketone 4.4 mmol/L and HbA1c 6.1%). She received standard DKA treatment and discharged well. Her plasma C-peptide level 3 weeks later showed that she has no insulin reserve (C-peptide <33 pmol/L, fasting blood glucose (FBS) 28 mmol/L). Her pancreatic autoantibodies were negative. This case highlights that FT1DM not only can occur in pregnancy with normal glucose tolerance but can also complicate mother with GDM. © The Author(s) 2022.
Long-Term Follow-Up on Morbidity Among Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) complicates up to 10% of pregnancies and is a well-known risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. Little is known about possible long-term risks of other diseases. Background: The aim was to review the literature for evidence of associations with morbidity other than T2DM and cardiovascular disease and with long-term mortality. Methods: A systematic review based on searches in Medline, Embase, and Cochrane Library until March 31, 2021, using a broad range of keywords. We extracted study characteristics and results on associations between GDM and disease occurrence at least 10 years postpartum, excluding studies on women with diabetes prior to pregnancy or only diabetes prior to outcome. The results are reported according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA). Newcastle-Ottawa Scale was used to assess risk of bias. Results: We screened 3084 titles, 81 articles were assessed full-text, and 15 included in the review. The strongest evidence for an association was for kidney diseases, particularly in Black women. We found indication of an association with liver disease, possibly restricted to women with T2DM postpartum. The association between GDM and breast cancer had been studied extensively, but in most cases based on self-reported diagnosis and with conflicting results. Only sparse and inconsistent results were found for other cancers. No study on thyroid diseases was found, and no study reported on short-term or long-term mortality in women with a history of GDM. Conclusion: Given the frequency of GDM, there is a need for better evidence on possible long-term health consequences, in particular, studies based on comprehensive records of diagnosis of GDM and long-term health outcomes.  © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society.
Comprehensive assessment of biventricular myocardial function by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography in infants of gestational diabetic mothers; Aims: No previous research provided a complete biventricular and multidirectional left ventricular (LV) functional assessment by two-dimensional (2D) speckle tracking echocardiography (STE) in infants of gestational diabetic mothers (IGDM) Methods: A total of 30 consecutive IGDM and 30 infants of healthy mothers were examined between March 2021 and July 2021. Both groups of infants underwent evaluation by neonatologist and 2D transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) implemented with 2D-STE quantification of LV-global longitudinal strain (GLS), LV-global circumferential strain (GCS), LV-global radial strain (GRS) and right ventricular (RV)-GLS, within 3 days of life and at 40 days after birth. Predictors of persistent subclinical myocardial dysfunction, defined as a LVGLS less negative than -20% at 40-day follow-up, in IGDM population, were determined. Results: At 2.2 ± 1.3 days after birth, LV-GLS (− 17.2 ± 1.9 vs. − 23.9 ± 3.8%), LV-GCS (− 17.9 ± 2.7 vs. − 27.3 ± 3.4%), LV-GRS (25.6 ± 3.4 vs. 35.8 ± 3.6%) and RV-GLS (− 17.6 ± 3.6 vs. − 22.6 ± 3.8%) were significantly impaired in IGDM than controls (all p < 0.001). At 36.8 ± 5.2 days of life, LV-GLS was still impaired (less negative than -20%) in 26.6% of IGDM. Maternal third trimester body mass index (BMI) (OR 1.89, 95%CI 1.05–3.39) and third trimester glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1C) (OR 1.59, 95%CI 1.08–2.19) were independently associated with persistent LV-GLS impairment in IGDM. Maternal BMI ≥ 30 Kg/m2 and HbA1C ≥ 38 mmol/mol showed the maximum of sensitivity and specificity for predicting persistent subclinical myocardial dysfunction in IGDM at 40 days of life. Conclusions: IGDM have diffuse pattern of myocardial dysfunction during perinatal period. This dysfunction may be persistent up to 40 days of life in infants of GDM women with obesity and uncontrolled diabetes. © 2022, Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature.
Genetics of murine type 2 diabetes and comorbidities; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a polygenic and multifactorial complex disease, defined as chronic metabolic disorder. It's a major global health concern with an estimated 463 million adults aged 20–79 years with diabetes and projected to increase up to 700 million by 2045. T2D was reported to be one of the four leading causes of non-communicable disease (NCD) deaths in 2012. Environmental factors play a part in the development of polygenic forms of diabetes. Polygenic forms of diabetes often run-in families. Fortunately, T2D, which accounts for 90–95% of the entire four types of diabetes including, Type 1 diabetes (T1D), T2D, monogenic diabetes syndromes (MGDS), and Gestational diabetes mellitus, can be prevented or delayed through nutrition and lifestyle changes as well as through pharmacologic interventions. Typical symptom of the T2D is high blood glucose levels and comprehensive insulin resistance of the body, producing an impaired glucose tolerance. Impaired glucose tolerance of T2D is accompanied by extensive health complications, including cardiovascular diseases (CVD) that vary in morbidity and mortality among populations. The pathogenesis of T2D varies between populations and/or ethnic groupings and is known to be attributed extremely by genetic components and environmental factors. It is evident that genetic background plays a critical role in determining the host response toward certain environmental conditions, whether or not of developing T2D (susceptibility versus resistant). T2D is considered as a silent disease that can progress for years before its diagnosis. Once T2D is diagnosed, many metabolic malfunctions are observed whether as side effects or as independent comorbidity. Mouse models have been proven to be a powerful tool for mapping genetic factors that underline the susceptibility to T2D development as well its comorbidities. Here, we have conducted a comprehensive search throughout the published data covering the time span from early 1990s till the time of writing this review, for already reported quantitative trait locus (QTL) associated with murine T2D and comorbidities in different mouse models, which contain different genetic backgrounds. Our search has resulted in finding 54 QTLs associated with T2D in addition to 72 QTLs associated with comorbidities associated with the disease. We summarized the genomic locations of these mapped QTLs in graphical formats, so as to show the overlapping positions between of these mapped QTLs, which may suggest that some of these QTLs could be underlined by sharing gene/s. Finally, we reviewed and addressed published reports that show the success of translation of the identified mouse QTLs/genes associated with the disease in humans. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Machine learning-based models for gestational diabetes mellitus prediction before 24–28 weeks of pregnancy: A review; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a hyperglycemia state that impairs maternal and offspring health, short and long-term. It is usually diagnosed at 24–28 weeks of pregnancy (WP), but at that time the fetal phenotype is already altered. Machine learning (ML)-based models have emerged as an auspicious alternative to predict this pathology earlier, however, they must be validated in different populations before their implementation in routine clinical practice. This review aims to give an overview of the ML-based models that have been proposed to predict GDM before 24–28 WP, with special emphasis on their current validation state and predictive performance. Articles were searched in PubMed. Manuscripts written in English and published before January 1, 2022, were considered. 109 original research studies were selected, and categorized according to the type of variables that their models involved: medical, i.e. clinical and/or biochemical parameters; alternative, i.e. metabolites, peptides or proteins, micro-ribonucleic acid molecules, microbiota genera, or other variables that did not fit into the first category; or mixed, i.e. both medical and alternative data. Only 8.3 % of the reviewed models have had validation in independent studies, with low or moderate performance for GDM prediction. In contrast, several models that lack of independent validation have shown a very high predictive power. The evaluation of these promising models in future independent validation studies would allow to assess their performance on different populations, and continue their way towards clinical implementation. Once settled, ML-based models would help to predict GDM earlier, initiate its treatment timely and prevent its negative consequences on maternal and offspring health. © 2022
Comparison of Maternal and Neonatal Outcomes Among High-Risk Filipino Women With Gestational Diabetes Diagnosed Before and After 24 Weeks of Gestation; Objectives. This study determined the prevalence, clinical characteristics and pregnancy outcomes of high-risk women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) before and after 24 weeks of gestation. Methodology. This retrospective study included all singleton deliveries with GDM at the Pasig City General Hospital from January 2018 to December 2019. Subjects were grouped into those who were diagnosed with GDM before 24 weeks of gestation (<24 weeks, n=61) and thereafter (≥24 weeks, n=219). Outcomes examined were preeclampsia, cesarean delivery, preterm birth, macrosomia, large-for-gestational age, small-for-gestational age, neonatal hypoglycemia, neonatal ICU admission, congenital malformations and perinatal mortality. Results. The group diagnosed with GDM before 24 weeks was significantly older (33.0 ± 5.7 years versus 29.4 ± 5.9 years, p<0.001), had higher 2-hour 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results (158.2 ± 20.0 mg/dL versus 150.0 ± 23.7 mg/dL, p=0.014), and had more pregnancies with preeclampsia (23.0% versus 9.6%, p=0.005). Conclusion. High-risk women diagnosed with GDM before 24 weeks of gestation had a higher incidence of preeclampsia compared with high-risk women diagnosed with GDM after 24 weeks of gestation. © 2022 by Dy and Yao.
Health Care Professional's Knowledge of Pregnancy Complications and Women's Cardiovascular Health: An International Study Utilizing Social Media; Background: Despite guidelines recommending the evaluation of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) as a part of the atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk assessment in women, there is limited awareness of this issue in health care professionals. We sought to evaluate the extent of this gap in knowledge. Methods: An online study using a standardized questionnaire was advertised through newsletters and websites of professional organizations. After a low response rate, the link to the survey was announced on Twitter and via personal email invitations. Differences between groups of respondents were evaluated with z-tests of proportion. Results: Out of 446 complete responses, there were 315 cardiologists and 112 obstetricians and gynecologists (OBGyns). There was an >90% awareness of association of adverse maternal outcomes with gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes with ASCVD, but only <60% awareness of association of adverse maternal outcomes with preterm birth. There were significant differences in ASCVD risk assessment and awareness of the association of APOs with adverse outcomes between cardiologists and OBGyns, and between female and male cardiologists. A greater proportion of female cardiologists thought that the guidelines recommended annual follow-up for high-risk women. Conversely, a greater proportion of male cardiologists were unsure of the frequency of follow-up of such women in the relevant guidelines. A higher proportion of U.K. respondents thought that women with high-risk pregnancies should never be screened for cardiovascular disease postpartum compared with U.S. respondents. Conclusions: In a self-selected group of health care professionals interested in women's cardiovascular health, there remains a large gap in knowledge and awareness of the association of APOs with ASCVD risk, in particular, a lack of awareness of the association of ASCVD risk with preterm delivery. Specific target groups for improving knowledge regarding these sex-specific risk enhancers include male cardiologists and health care professionals practicing in the United Kingdom.  Copyright © 2022, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Maternal-fetal characteristics, etiological factors and perinatal outcome in pregnancies with polyhydramnios; This study aimed to evaluate maternal and fetal characteristics, etiological factors and perinatal outcome in pregnancies with polyhydramnios. A total of 330 pregnancies diagnosed with polyhydramnios were included in this retrospective study conducted a tertiary center. Data on maternal age, obstetric characteristics, etiology of polyhydramnios, detailed prenatal ultrasonography findings on fetal anomaly, cesarean delivery and the adverse pregnancy outcomes were recorded. The polyhydramnios was idiopathic in 47.0% of cases, while the maternal diabetes (29.4%) and fetal conditions (23.6%) were responsible for the etiology in the remaining cases. The most common anomalies identified on prenatal ultrasonography were central nervous system anomalies (29.5%), followed by the gastrointestinal system anomalies (11.5%). Cesarean delivery occurred in 38.2% of pregnancies, while adverse pregnancy outcomes were noted in 64.5% of pregnancies and including delivery of a neonate with congenital anomaly (36.6%), macrosomia (21.1%), preterm delivery (18.3%), perinatal mortality (13.1%) and pregnancy termination (10.8%). In conclusion, our findings revealed the polyhydramnios to be idiopathic approximately in half of cases, and to be due to either maternal diabetes or fetal pathology (central nervous system and gastrointestinal anomalies) in the other half. Given the occurrence of adverse pregnancy outcomes in most of pregnancies with polyhydramnios, our findings emphasize the vital role of intensive monitoring of the maternal-fetal condition in pregnancies with polyhydramnios. Meticulous diagnostic approach seems crucial for timely recognition of fetal anomalies via detailed imaging studies as well as the early recognition and strict control of gestational diabetes via close follow up, given the likelihood of erroneously diagnosed idiopathic polyhydramnios to challenge the implementation of proper management and appropriate counselling of patients. © 2022 Ondokuz Mayis Universitesi. All rights reserved.
Trends in and Outcomes of Deliveries Complicated by Cystic Fibrosis; OBJECTIVE:To characterize current trends and outcomes in pregnancies complicated by cystic fibrosis (CF) that resulted in delivery.METHODS:This repeated cross-sectional study used the U.S. National Inpatient Sample to identify delivery hospitalizations of patients with CF between 2000 and 2019. Trends in delivery hospitalizations of patients with CF were assessed using joinpoint regression to determine the average annual percent change (AAPC). The risk of adverse maternal and obstetric outcomes was compared between patients with and without CF using adjusted logistic regression models accounting for demographic, clinical, and hospital characteristics, with adjusted odds ratios (aORs) with 95% CIs as measures of association. The proportion of patients with CF and other chronic conditions such as pregestational diabetes was analyzed over time.RESULTS:From 2000 to 2019, the prevalence of CF at delivery increased from 2.1 to 10.4 per 100,000 deliveries (AAPC 6.7%, 95% CI 5.7-8.2%). The proportion of patients with CF and other chronic conditions increased from 18.0% to 37.3% (AAPC 3.1%, 95% CI 1.0-5.3%). Patients with CF were more likely to experience severe maternal morbidity (aOR 2.61, 95% CI 1.71-3.97), respiratory complications (aOR 17.45, 95% CI 11.85-25.68), venous thromboembolism (aOR 3.59, 95% CI 1.33-9.69), preterm delivery (aOR 2.15, 95% CI 1.79-2.59), abruption and antepartum hemorrhage (aOR 1.63, 95% CI 1.10-2.41), and gestational diabetes (aOR 2.47, 95% CI 2.47-3.70).CONCLUSION:Although still infrequent (approximately 1 in 10,000), deliveries complicated by CF increased approximately fivefold over the study period. The proportion of patients with CF and other chronic conditions is increasing. Patients with CF are at increased risk for a broad range of adverse outcomes.  © 2022 by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Changes in the Gut Microbiome and Pathologies in Pregnancy; Pregnancy is a special period in a woman’s life when her organism undergoes multiple physiological changes so that the fetus has optimal conditions for growth and development. These include modifications in the composition of the microbiome that occur between the first and third trimesters of pregnancy. There is an increase in Akkermansia, Bifidobacterium, and Firmicutes, which have been associated with an increase in the need for energy storage. The growth in Proteobacteria and Actinobacteria levels has a protective effect on both the mother and the fetus via proinflammatory mechanisms. The aim of the study is to review the research on the relationship between the mother’s intestinal microbiome and gestational pathologies. Changes in the maternal gut microbiome is probably one of the mechanisms that occurs in various pregnancy diseases such as preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus, excessive gestational weight gain, and premature birth. For this reason, it seems vital to pay attention to certain interventions that can benefit the affected patients both in the short term, by preventing complications during pregnancy, and in the long term, as one of the mechanisms occurring in various gestational diseases is dysbiosis of the maternal intestinal flora. © 2022 by the authors.
Impact of maternal height, weight at presentation and gestational weight gain on cardiac adaptation in pregnancy; Objective: To compare longitudinal maternal hemodynamic changes throughout gestation between different groups stratified according to weight at presentation and assess the relative influence of height, weight at presentation and gestational weight gain on cardiac adaptation. Methods: This was a prospective, longitudinal study assessing maternal hemodynamics using bioreactance technology at 11 + 0 to 13 + 6, 19 + 0 to 24 + 0, 30 + 0 to 34 + 0 and 35 + 0 to 37 + 0 weeks' gestation. Women were divided into three groups according to maternal weight at presentation at the first visit at 11 + 0 to 13 + 6 weeks: Group 1, < 60.0 kg (n = 421); Group 2, 60.0–79.7 kg (n = 904); Group 3, > 79.7 kg (n = 427). A multilevel linear mixed-effects model was used to compare the repeated measures of hemodynamic variables, correcting for demographics, medical and obstetric history, pregnancy complications, maternal weight and time of evaluation. The linear mixed-effects model was then repeated using maternal height, weight at presentation and gestational weight gain Z-scores, and the standardized coefficients were used to evaluate the relative impact of each of these demographic parameters on longitudinal changes of maternal hemodynamics. Results: Compared with Group 1, women in Group 3 demonstrated higher cardiac output (CO), heart rate (HR) and mean arterial pressure (MAP) throughout pregnancy. Groups 2 and 3 had higher stroke volume (SV) than Group 1 at the first visit, but their SV plateaued between the first and second visits and demonstrated an earlier significant decrease from the second visit to the third visit when compared with Group 1. Compared with Groups 1 and 2, there was a higher prevalence of pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes in Group 3. Maternal height was the most important contributor to CO, peripheral vascular resistance (PVR), SV and HR, while weight at presentation was the most important contributor to MAP. Gestational weight gain was the second most important characteristic influencing the longitudinal changes of PVR and SV. Conclusions: Women with greater weight at presentation have a pathological hemodynamic profile, with higher CO, HR and MAP compared to women with lower weight at presentation. Height is the main determinant of CO, SV, HR and PVR, weight is the main determinant of MAP, and gestational weight gain is the second most important determinant of SV and PVR. © 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology. © 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Circular RNAs in diabetes mellitus and its complications; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is an endocrine disorder characterized by a relative or absolute lack of insulin due to the dysfunction or destruction of β-cells. DM is one of the fastest growing challenges to global health in the 21st century and places a tremendous burden on affected individuals and their families and countries. Although insulin and antidiabetic drugs have been used to treat DM, a radical cure for the disease is unavailable. The pathogenesis of DM remains unclear. Emerging roles of circular RNAs (circRNAs) in DM have become a subject of global research. CircRNAs have been verified to participate in the onset and progression of DM, implying their potential roles as novel biomarkers and treatment tools. In the present review, we briefly introduce the characteristics of circRNAs. Next, we focus on specific roles of circRNAs in type 1 diabetes mellitus, type 2 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus and diabetes-associated complications. Copyright © 2022 Fan, Pang, Xie, Huang and Zhou.
Mother-child cardiometabolic health 4–10 years after pregnancy complicated by obesity with and without gestational diabetes; Objective: Obesity in pregnancy and gestational diabetes (GDM) increase cardiometabolic disease risk but are difficult to disentangle. This study aimed to test the hypothesis that 4–10 years after a pregnancy complicated by overweight/obesity and GDM (OB-GDM), women and children would have greater adiposity and poorer cardiometabolic health than those with overweight/obesity (OB) or normal weight (NW) and no GDM during the index pregnancy. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, mother-child dyads were stratified into three groups based on maternal health status during pregnancy (OB-GDM = 67; OB = 76; NW = 76). Weight, height, waist and hip circumferences, and blood pressure were measured, along with fasting glucose, insulin, HbA1c, lipids, adipokines, and cytokines. Results: Women in the OB and OB-GDM groups had greater current adiposity and poorer cardiometabolic health outcomes than those in the NW group (p < 0.05). After adjusting for current adiposity, women in the OB-GDM group had higher HbA1c, glucose, HOMA-IR and triglycerides than NW and OB groups (p < 0.05). Among children, adiposity was greater in the OB-GDM versus NW group (p < 0.05), but other indices of cardiometabolic health did not differ. Conclusions: Poor cardiometabolic health in women with prior GDM is independent of current adiposity. Although greater adiposity among children exposed to GDM is evident at 4–10 years, differences in cardiometabolic health may not emerge until later. © 2022 The Authors. Obesity Science & Practice published by World Obesity and The Obesity Society and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Association of fetal heart rate short term variability pattern during term labor with neonatal morbidity and small for gestational age status; Objective: To assess the association of fetal heart rate short-term variability (STV) pattern during term labor with both neonatal composite morbidity (cord blood pH ≤ 7.10 and/or neonatal intensive care unit admission and/or Apgar score at 5 min <7) and small for gestational age (SGA) status. Study design: Retrospective cohort in a single academic institution between January 2016 and December 2018. A total of 1896 women that delivered a singleton during labor in cephalic presentation after 37 weeks of gestation were included (948 women with SGA neonates and 948 women with appropriate weight for gestational age (AGA) neonates that were matched to women with SGA neonates based on maternal age, parity, induction of labor, gestational diabetes, gestational age at delivery and a history of one cesarean section using propensity score matching). STV was compared at labor onset (cervical dilation ≤ 4 cm), in the first stage of labor (cervical dilation = 6 cm) and in the second stage of labor (cervical dilation = 10 cm). A generalized linear mixed model was used to assess the association between SGA status, neonatal composite morbidity and STV. Results: After adjustment for maternal origin, term, gestational diabetes, labor length, SGA status was not associated with any change in STV during labor (mean adjusted STV: −0.20 ms, 95 %CI[-0.58–0.17], p = 0.284 at labor onset, 0.29 ms, 95 %CI[-0.1– 0.68], p = 0.155, in the first stage of labor and 0.36 ms, 95 %CI[-0.02–0.74], p = 0.065 in the second stage of labor). In case of neonatal composite morbidity mean adjusted STV was lower in the first stage of labor (mean adjusted STV: −1.29 ms, 95 %CI[-2.1 – −0.43], p = 0.003) and in the second stage of labor (mean adjusted STV: −1.15 ms, 95 %CI[-1.96 – −0.34], p = 0.005). The results were similar with the addition of delivery mode and meconium-stained amniotic fluid in the model or non-reassuring fetal heart rate and meconium-stained amniotic fluid. Conclusions: This work suggests that STV decrease during term labor is associated with fetal well-being, independently of fetal weight. This suggests that further prospective studies should consider the evaluation of this parameter in the prediction of neonatal compromise. © 2022
Association of PCOS with offspring morbidity: a longitudinal cohort study; STUDY QUESTION: Do children whose mothers have polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have an increased risk of morbidity? SUMMARY ANSWER: Maternal PCOS is associated with an increased risk of infection, allergy and other childhood morbidity. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: PCOS is associated with higher rates of gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and preterm delivery, but the long-term impact on child health is poorly understood. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: We conducted a retrospective longitudinal cohort study of 1 038 375 children in Quebec between 2006 and 2020. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: We included 7160 children whose mothers had PCOS and 1 031 215 unexposed children. Outcomes included child hospitalization for infectious, allergic, malignant and other diseases before 13 years of age. We estimated hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CI for the association of PCOS with childhood morbidity in adjusted Cox proportional hazards regression models. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Children exposed to PCOS were hospitalized at a rate of 68.9 (95% CI 66.2-71.8) per 1000 person-years, whereas unexposed children were hospitalized at a rate of 45.3 (95% CI 45.1-45.5) per 1000 person-years. Compared with no exposure, maternal PCOS was associated with 1.32 times the risk of any childhood hospitalization (95% CI 1.26-1.40), 1.31 times the risk of infectious disease hospitalization (95% CI 1.25-1.38) and 1.47 times the risk of allergy-related hospitalization (95% CI 1.31-1.66). Risk of hospitalization was also elevated for childhood metabolic (HR 1.59, 95% CI 1.16-2.18), gastrointestinal (HR 1.72, 95% CI 1.53-1.92), central nervous system (HR 1.74, 95% CI 1.46-2.07) and otologic disorders (HR 1.34, 95% CI 1.26-1.43). Subgroup analyses suggested that there was little difference in the association of PCOS with hospitalization among boys (HR 1.31, 95% CI 1.24-1.39) and girls (HR 1.34, 95% CI 1.26-1.43). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: We analyzed severe childhood morbidity requiring hospitalization, not mild diseases treated in ambulatory clinics. We lacked data on ethnicity, education and physical activity, and cannot rule out residual confounding. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Our findings suggest that maternal PCOS is associated with an increased risk of childhood morbidity. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This study was supported by grant PJT-162300 from the Canadian Institutes of Health Research. N.A. acknowledges a career award from the Fonds de recherche du QuCrossed D sign ©bec-SantCrossed D sign.
ANNEXIN A1: Roles in Placenta, Cell Survival, and Nucleus; The unbiased approaches of the last decade have enabled the collection of new data on the biology of annexin A1 (ANXA1) in a variety of scientific aspects, creating opportunities for new biomarkers and/or therapeutic purposes. ANXA1 is found in the plasma membrane, cytoplasm, and nucleus, being described at low levels in the nuclear and cytoplasmic compartments of placental cells related to gestational diabetic diseases, and its translocation from the cytoplasm to the nucleus has been associated with a response to DNA damage. The approaches presented here open pathways for reflection upon, and intrinsic clarification of, the modulating action of this protein in the response to genetic material damage, as well as its level of expression and cellular localization. The objective of this study is to arouse interest, with an emphasis on the mechanisms of nuclear translocation of ANXA1, which remain underexplored and may be beneficial in new inflammatory therapies. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Cohort profile: A prospective Australian cohort study of women's reproductive characteristics and risk of chronic disease from menarche to premenopause (M-PreM); Purpose Previous studies have identified associations between individual reproductive factors and chronic disease risk among postmenopausal women. However, few have investigated the association of different markers of reproductive function, their interactions and risk factors of chronic disease among women approaching menopause. The Menarche-to-PreMenopause (M-PreM) Study aims to examine the relationship between reproductive factors across the reproductive lifespan and risk indicators for chronic disease among women in their early-to-mid-40s. The purpose of this cohort profile paper is to describe the rationale, study design and participant characteristics of the M-PreM Study. Participants Women born in 1973-1978 who participated in the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health (ALSWH) were invited to undertake a clinical or self-administered assessment. A total of 1278 women were recruited from June 2019 to June 2021. Findings to date The study measures included functional, cognitive and cardiometabolic tests, anthropometry, spirometry, respiratory health questionnaires, physical activity, sleep patterns, sex hormones, and cardiovascular and metabolic markers; whereas blood and saliva samples were used for the analysis of genetic variants of genes associated with reproductive characteristics and chronic disease. The mean age of the clinic and self-assessed participants was 44.6 and 45.3 years, respectively. The menopausal status of participants was similar between the two arms of the study: 38%-41% premenopausal, 20% perimenopausal, and 36% took oral contraception or hormone replacement therapy. Approximately 80% of women had at least one child and participants reported experiencing pregnancy complications: preterm birth (8%-13% of pregnancies), gestational diabetes (10%) and gestational hypertension (10%-15%). Future plans The biomedical data collected in the M-PreM Study will be linked to existing ALSWH survey data on sociodemographic factors, health behaviour, reproductive function, and early life factors collected over the past 20 years and health administrative data. The association between reproductive factors and risk indicators of chronic disease will be analysed. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2022. Re-use permitted under CC BY. Published by BMJ.
Oxidative stress contributes to reductions in microvascular endothelial- and nitric oxide-dependent dilation in women with a history of gestational diabetes; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are twice as likely to develop cardiovascular disease (CVD) and ~7 times as likely to develop type 2 diabetes as their age-matched counterparts. However, the mechanism(s) mediating these associations remain unclear. We hypothesized that endothelium- and (nitric oxide) NO-dependent dilation would be attenuated through oxidant stress mechanisms in the microvasculature of women with a history of GDM compared with control women with a history of uncomplicated pregnancy (HC). Ten HC (35 ± 4 yr) and 10 GDM (34 ± 4 yr) underwent a standard local heating protocol (42°C; 0.1°C·s-1). Two intradermal microdialysis fibers were placed in the ventral forearm for local delivery of lactated Ringer's (control) or 5 mM L-ascorbate. After full expression of the local heating response, 15 mM NG-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester (NO synthase inhibition) was perfused. Red cell flux was measured continuously by laser-Doppler flowmetry, and cutaneous vascular conductance (CVC = flux/MAP) was standardized to maximum (% CVCmax; 28 mM SNP + 43°C). Urine albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR) was measured. GDM had attenuated endothelium-dependent (GDM: 67 ± 7 vs. HC: 90 ± 4% CVCmax; P < 0.001) and NO-dependent (GDM: 54 ± 7 vs. HC: 71 ± 3% CVCmax; P = 0.001) dilation at the control site and tended to have higher urine ACR (P = 0.06). Both endothelium-dependent (R2 = 0.53, P = 0.02) and NO-dependent (R2 = 0.56, P = 0.01) dilation were related to urine ACR in GDM. L-ascorbate perfusion improved endothelium-dependent (82 ± 5% CVCmax; P = 0.03 vs. control) and NO-dependent (68 ± 5% CVCmax; P = 0.02 vs. control) dilation in GDM but had no effect in HC (P > 0.05). Otherwise healthy women with a history of GDM have attenuated microvascular endothelial function and this dysfunction is mediated, in part, by oxidative stress. © 2022 American Physiological Society. All rights reserved.
Effect of Exercise on the Resting Metabolic Rate and Substrate Utilization in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Results of a Pilot Study; Regular physical activity during pregnancy has a positive effect on the mother and fetus. However, there is scarce data regarding the effect of exercise in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of the present parallel, non-randomized, open-label, pilot, clinical study was to examine the effect of two exercise programs on the resting metabolic rate (RMR) and substrate utilization in pregnancies complicated by GDM, compared with usual care (advice for the performance of exercise). Forty-three pregnant women diagnosed with GDM between the 24th and 28th gestational week, volunteered to participate. Three groups were formed: Usual care (n = 17), Walking (n = 14), and Mixed Exercise (n = 12). The Usual care group was given advice on maintaining habitual daily activities without any additional exercise. The Walking group exercised regularly by walking, in addition to the habitual daily activities. Finally, the Mixed Exercise group participated in a program combining aerobics and strength exercises. Training intensity was monitored continuously using lightweight, wearable monitoring devices. The Walking and Mixed Exercise groups participated in the training programs after being diagnosed with GDM and maintained them until the last week of gestation. RMR and substrate utilization were analyzed using indirect calorimetry for all participants twice: between 27th and 28th gestational week and as close as possible before delivery. No differences were observed between groups regarding body composition, age, and medical or obstetrical parameters before or after the exercise programs. RMR was increased after the completion of the exercise interventions in both the Walking (p = 0.001) and the Mixed Exercise arms (p = 0.002). In contrast, substrate utilization remained indifferent. In conclusion, regular exercise of moderate intensity (either walking, or a combination of aerobic and strength training) increases RMR in women with GDM compared to the lack of systematic exercise. However, based on the present, pilot data, these exercise regimes do not appear to alter resting substrate utilization. © 2022 by the authors.
A Clinical Update on Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) traditionally refers to abnormal glucose tolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. GDM has long been associated with obstetric and neonatal complications primarily relating to higher infant birthweight and is increasingly recognized as a risk factor for future maternal and offspring cardiometabolic disease. The prevalence of GDM continues to rise internationally due to epidemiological factors including the increase in background rates of obesity in women of reproductive age and rising maternal age and the implementation of the revised International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups' criteria and diagnostic procedures for GDM. The current lack of international consensus for the diagnosis of GDM reflects its complex historical evolution and pragmatic antenatal resource considerations given GDM is now 1 of the most common complications of pregnancy. Regardless, the contemporary clinical approach to GDM should be informed not only by its short-term complications but also by its longer term prognosis. Recent data demonstrate the effect of early in utero exposure to maternal hyperglycemia, with evidence for fetal overgrowth present prior to the traditional diagnosis of GDM from 24 weeks' gestation, as well as the durable adverse impact of maternal hyperglycemia on child and adolescent metabolism. The major contribution of GDM to the global epidemic of intergenerational cardiometabolic disease highlights the importance of identifying GDM as an early risk factor for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, broadening the prevailing clinical approach to address longer term maternal and offspring complications following a diagnosis of GDM.  © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society.
The impact of glycemic control on procalcitonin level in patients with type ii diabetes; Background: Diabetes mellitus is a chronic condition characterized by hyperglycemia that can lead to serious complications. It results from a defect in insulin secretion, insulin resistance, or both. Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is the most common type of diabetes and mainly affects adults. It is associated with insulin resistance and low-grade chronic inflammation in the adipose tissue, muscles, and liver. Measurement of hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) is one of the most widely used tests to monitor diabetes. The aim of this study was to shed light on the effect of glycemic control of type 2 diabetes on procalcitonin (PT) levels in order to prevent future complications. Materials and Methods: This case-control study included 68 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. At Biochemistry Department, College of Medicine, and University of Baghdad and at Al-Sadiq Teaching Hospital in Al-Hilla City, during the period from July 2020 to October 2020. Hemoglobin A1C (HbA1c) was estimated by using an affinity chromatography assay. These patients were divided according to HbA1c level into bad control group (HbA1c > = 7%) which included 36 patients, and good control group (HbA1c 7%) which included 32 patients. Another group of 32 nondiabetic apparently healthy subjects (HbA1c 5.7%) served as control group. Patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), gestational diabetes, insulin-treated type 2 diabetes, history of recent infection, diabetic foot, ischemic heart disease, cerebrovascular disease, or recent trauma or surgery were excluded. PCT of each participant was estimated using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Results: The mean PCT values of bad control group, good control group, and control groups were 871.3776, 834.5005, and 208.5313 pg/mL, respectively. The study showed that there was no significant difference in mean PCT between good control and bad control groups (P > 0.05). In addition, there was no significant correlation between PCT and HbA1c among diabetic patients (r = 0.072, P > 0.05). However, there is a significant differences in mean of PCT values between diabetic patients and control group (P 0.05). Conclusion: There was no effect of glycemic control on PCT level in patients with T2DM. However, the level of PCT was increased in comparison with non-diabetic healthy subjects.  © 2022 Medical Journal of Babylon | Published by Wolters Kluwer-Medknow.
LEPTIN AND VASCULAR ENDOTHELIAL GROWTH FACTOR A: A CROSS-TALK IN OBESE WOMEN WITH GESTATIONAL DIABETES AND WITH DIABETES IN PREGNANCY-A COHORT STUDY; Vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF A) synthesis is intensified by leptin in: hypoxia-inducible factor 1 alpha (HIF-1A) and nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer of activated B cells (NfkB)-dependent manners. The study aimed to investigate the association between leptin and VEGF A serum levels in obese women with hyperglycaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy. Sixty obese pregnant women with hyperglycaemia were divided into groups according to body mass index (BMI): group 1: BMI 30.0–34.9 kg/m2; group 2: BMI 35.0–39.9 kg/m2; group 3: BMI ³40 kg/m2. On the enrolment visit, waist circumference, body mass and height were measured. At visit 1 (V1; gestational week (GW) 28–32) and visit 2 (V2; GW 36–38), anthropometric, blood pressure and heart rate measurements, and blood sample collection were performed. Blood levels of leptin, VEGF A, VEGF receptor 2, HIF-1A, NfkB, interleukin 1 alpha, protein delta homolog 1, nitric oxide and glycated haemoglobin were determined. To analyse the predictors of the biochemical parametres involved in leptin and VEGF A cross-talk, multivariate logistic regression was implemented. Positive correlations between serum levels of leptin and VEGF A were found. Serum level of HIF-1A at V1 was a predictor for the highest quartile of the serum levels of VEGF A at V1 and V2. Leptin serum level at V1 was a predictor for the highest quartile of HIF-1A serum concentration at V2. In group 3 HIF-1A level was higher at V2 compared to V1. We conclude that in obese women with hyperglycaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy there is a significant positive influence of serum leptin on VEGF A synthesis and serum level and HIF-1A seems to play more important role in leptin and VEGF A cross-talk than NfkB. © 2022, Polish Physiological Society. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular biomarkers in pregnancy with diabetes and associations to glucose control; Aim: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a leading cause of death in both men and women. Type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus (DM1 and DM2) are well-known risk factors for CVD. In addition, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a female sex-specific risk factor for CVD. Here, we measure circulating concentrations of cardiac troponin T (cTNT), N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) and growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15) during pregnancy—a window of time often referred to as a cardiovascular stress test for women. Methods: This study utilized data from 384 pregnant women: 64 with DM1, 16 with DM2, 35 with GDM and 269 euglycemic controls. Blood was predominantly sampled within a week before delivery. Cardiovascular biomarker concentrations were measured in serum using electrochemiluminescence immunoassay. Result: Circulating cTnT levels were higher in women with DM1, DM2 and GDM as compared to controls, whereas NT-proBNP and GDF-15 levels were only increased in women with DM1. Glucose dysregulation, assessed by third trimester HbA1c levels, positively correlated with all three CVD biomarker levels, whereas pregestational body mass index correlated negatively with GDF-15. Conclusions: Our results support the presence of myocardial affection in women with diabetic disorders during pregnancy. Although pregestational DM1 in this study was associated with the most adverse CVD biomarker profile, women with GDM displayed an adverse cTnT profile similar to what we found in women with pregestational DM2. This supports that women with GDM should be offered long-term intensified cardiovascular follow-up and lifestyle advice following delivery, similarly to the well-established CV follow-up of women with pregestational DM. © 2022, The Author(s).
Polycystic ovary syndrome and risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes: a registry linkage study from Massachusetts; STUDY QUESTION: Do women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have a greater risk of adverse pregnancy complications (gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, cesarean section, placental abnormalities) and neonatal outcomes (preterm birth, small for gestational age, prolonged delivery hospitalization) compared to women without a PCOS diagnosis and does this risk vary by BMI, subfertility and fertility treatment utilization? SUMMARY ANSWER: Deliveries to women with a history of PCOS were at greater risk of complications associated with cardiometabolic function, including gestational diabetes and preeclampsia, as well as preterm birth and prolonged length of delivery hospitalization. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Prior research has suggested that women with PCOS may be at increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. However, findings have been inconsistent possibly due to lack of consistent adjustment for confounding factors, small samples size and other sources of bias. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Massachusetts deliveries among women ≥18 years old during 2013–2017 from state vital records linked to hospital discharges, observational stays and emergency department visits were linked to the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology Clinic Outcome Reporting System (SART CORS) and the Massachusetts All-Payers Claims Database (APCD). PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: PCOS was identified by ICD9 and ICD10 codes in APCD prior to index delivery. Relative risks (RRs) and 95% CI for pregnancy and delivery complications were modeled using generalized estimating equations with a log link and a Poisson distribution to take multiple cycles into account and were adjusted a priori for maternal age, BMI, race/ethnicity, education, plurality, birth year, chronic hypertension and chronic diabetes. Tests for homogeneity investigated differences between maternal pre-pregnancy BMI categories (<30, ≥30, <25 and ≥25 kg/m2) and between non-infertile deliveries and deliveries that used ART or had a history of subfertility (defined by birth certificates, SART CORS records, APCD or hospital records). MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Among 91 825 deliveries, 3.9% had a history of PCOS. Women with a history of PCOS had a 51% greater risk of gestational diabetes (CI: 1.38–1.65) and a 25% greater risk of preeclampsia (CI: 1.15–1.35) compared to women without a diagnosis of PCOS. Neonates born to women with a history of PCOS were more likely to be born preterm (RR: 1.17, CI: 1.06–1.29) and more likely to have a prolonged delivery hospitalization after additionally adjusting for gestational age (RR: 1.23, CI: 1.09–1.40) compared to those of women without a diagnosis of PCOS. The risk for gestational diabetes for women with PCOS was greater among women with a pre-pregnancy BMI <30 kg/m2. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: PCOS was defined by ICD documentation prior to delivery so there may be women with undiagnosed PCOS or PCOS diagnosed after delivery included in the unexposed group. The study population is limited to deliveries within Massachusetts among most private insurance payers and inpatient or observational hospitalization in Massachusetts during the follow-up window, therefore there may be diagnoses and or deliveries outside of the state or outside of our sample that were not captured. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: In this population-based study, women with a history of PCOS were at greater risk of pregnancy complications associated with cardiometabolic function and preterm birth. Obstetricians should be aware of patients’ PCOS status and closely monitor for potential pregnancy complications to improve maternal and infant perinatal health outcomes. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This work was supported by the NIH (R01HD067270). S.A.M. receives grant funding from NIH, AbbVie and the Marriot Family Foundation; payment/honoraria from the University of British Columbia, World Endometriosis Research Foundation and Huilun Shanghai; travel support for attending meetings for ESHRE 2019, IASP 2019, National Endometriosis Network UK meeting 2019; SRI 2022, ESHRE 2022; participates on the data safety monitoring board/advisory board for AbbVie, Roche, Frontiers in Reproductive Health; and has a leadership role in the Society for Women’s Health Research, World Endometriosis Research Foundation, World Endometriosis Society, American Society for Reproductive Medicine and ESHRE. The other authors have no conflicts of interest. VC The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus—Recent Literature Review; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is defined as a state of hyperglycemia that is first recognized during pregnancy, is currently the most common medical complication in pregnancy. GDM affects approximately 15% of pregnancies worldwide, accounting for approximately 18 million births annually. Mothers with GDM are at risk of developing gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia and termination of pregnancy via Caesarean section. In addition, GDM increases the risk of complications, including cardiovascular disease, obesity and impaired carbohydrate metabolism, leading to the development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) in both the mother and infant. The increase in the incidence of GDM also leads to a significant economic burden and deserves greater attention and awareness. A deeper understanding of the risk factors and pathogenesis becomes a necessity, with particular emphasis on the influence of SARS-CoV-2 and diagnostics, as well as an effective treatment, which may reduce perinatal and metabolic complications. The primary treatments for GDM are diet and increased exercise. Insulin, glibenclamide and metformin can be used to intensify the treatment. This paper provides an overview of the latest reports on the epidemiology, pathogenesis, diagnosis and treatment of GDM based on the literature. © 2022 by the authors.
Synthesizing Core Outcome Sets for outcomes research in cohort studies: a systematic review; Background: Life course studies are designed to “collect once, use multiple times” for observational and, increasingly, interventional research. Core Outcome Sets (COS) are minimum sets developed for clinical trials by multi-stakeholder consensus methodologies. We aimed to synthesize published COS that might guide outcomes selection for early life cohorts with an interventional focus. Methods: We searched PubMed, Medline, COMET, and CROWN for COS published before January 2021 relevant to four life stages (pregnancy, newborns, children <8 years, and parents (adults aged 18–50 years)). We synthesized core outcomes into overarching constructs. Results: From 46 COS we synthesized 414 core outcomes into 118 constructs. “Quality of life”, “adverse events”, “medication use”, “hospitalization”, and “mortality” were consistent across all stages. For pregnancy, common constructs included “preterm birth”, “delivery mode”, “pre-eclampsia”, “gestational weight gain”, “gestational diabetes”, and “hemorrhage”; for newborns, “birthweight”, “small for gestational age”, “neurological damage”, and “morbidity” and “infection/sepsis”; for pediatrics, “pain”, “gastrointestinal morbidity”, “growth/weight”, “breastfeeding”, “feeding problems”, “hearing”, “neurodevelopmental morbidity”, and “social development”; and for adults, “disease burden”, “mental health”, “neurological function/stroke”, and “cardiovascular health/morbidity”. Conclusion: This COS synthesis generated outcome constructs that are of high value to stakeholders (participants, health providers, services), relevant to life course research, and could position cohorts for trial capabilities. Impact: We synthesized existing Core Outcome Sets as a transparent methodology that could prioritize outcomes for lifecourse cohorts with an interventional focus.“Quality of life”, “adverse events”, “medication use”, “hospitalization”, and “mortality” are important outcomes across pregnancy, newborns, childhood, and early-to-mid-adulthood (the age range relevant to parents). Other common outcomes (such as “birthweight”, “cognitive function/ability”, “psychological health”) are also highly relevant to lifecourse research.This synthesis could assist new early life cohorts to pre-select outcomes that are of high value to stakeholders (participants, health providers, services), are relevant to lifecourse research, and could position them for future trials and interventional capability. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to the International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and cardio-metabolic risk factors in women and children at 3 years postpartum; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is thought to be associated with cardio-metabolic risk factor development in women and their children during the early postpartum period and early childhood. We hypothesized that these women and their children would exhibit increased abnormal cardio-metabolic risk factors three years after pregnancy. Methods: Women from the Screening Tests to Predict Poor Outcomes of Pregnancy study were invited to attend a follow-up with the child from their index pregnancy at 3 years postpartum. Women and children were assessed for anthropometric measures and haemodynamic function. Fasting blood samples were obtained from women to assess lipid and glucose status. Results: A total of 281 woman-child dyads participated in the 3-year follow-up, with 40 women developing GDM during their index pregnancy. Fasting serum insulin was higher in women with GDM in index pregnancy compared to those with an uncomplicated pregnancy. However, this association was mediated by early pregnancy BMI and socioeconomic index (SEI). The rate of metabolic syndrome was higher in the GDM group than the uncomplicated pregnancy group. Maternal GDM was associated with elevated maternal fasting serum triglycerides at 3 years after adjustment for early pregnancy BMI and SEI. Children exposed to GDM in utero had higher waist circumference compared to children born after an uncomplicated pregnancy, but this is mediated the above covariates. Conclusion: Exposure to GDM is associated with elevated serum triglycerides in women at 3 years postpartum but other cardiometabolic outcomes in women and children appear to be mediated by early pregnancy BMI and SEI. © 2022, The Author(s).
The Prediction of Micro- and Macrovascular Complications in Individuals with T2DM with Different Risk Factors in Iraq; Diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a serious health problem that affects people all over the world and places a heavy financial and social burden on individuals, families, and communities. The objectives of the study were to evaluate the risk factors of T2DM and its relationship to micro- and macrovascular complications. A cross-sectional observational study was conducted on 1189 individuals with T2DM attending A Tertiary Endocrine Center. All patients' data were gathered from direct interviewees and the digital records of the tertiary center, which used an internal network system and Microsoft Access program. The mean age was 55.9 ±11.7 years, female 58%, body mass index 31.2 ±5.5 kg/m2, waist circumference 108±11.6 cm, mean duration of T2DM 10.1 ±7 years, and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) 9.6 ±2.1%. The prevalence risk factors were as follows smoking 27.3%, central obesity 84.3%, history of dyslipidemia 74.6%, family history of T2DM 64.9%, hypertension 63.5%, signs of insulin resistance (IR) 61.7%, gestational Diabetes (GDM) and History of cardiovascular diseases(CVD) 20.9%. These risk factors had a statistically significant impact on both macrovascular and microvascular T2DM. History of dyslipidemia and GDM were the most significant independent risk factors for the prediction of macrovascular complications among T2DM, while female gender, history of dyslipidemia, and GDM were independent risk factors for the prediction of microvascular complications among T2DM. Other risk factors including: History of CVD, hypertension, central obesity, duration of T2DM more than 5 years, estimated GFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m2, and any signs of IR were significantly effect on both micro- and macrovascular complications, but as dependent risk factors to further cofounders. Published by Oriental Scientific Publishing Company © 2022.
Risk factors for necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm infants: a Meta analysis; Objective To systematically evaluate the risk factors for necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) in preterm infants. Methods PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, and Wanfang Data were searched for case-control studies and cohort studies on the risk factors for NEC in preterm infants published up to December 2021. RevMan 5.3 software was used to perform the Meta analysis. Results A total of 38 studies were included (28 case-control studies and 10 cohort studies). The Meta analysis showed that maternal gestational diabetes (OR=2.96, P<0.001), intrahepatic cholestasis during pregnancy (OR=2.53, P<0.001), preeclampsia (OR=1.73, P=0.020), history of neonatal asphyxia (OR=2.13, P<0.001), low gestational age (OR=1.23, P=0.010), sepsis (OR=5.32, P<0.001), patent ductus arteriosus (OR=1.57, P=0.001), congenital heart disease (OR=3.78, P<0.001), mechanical ventilation (OR=2.23, P=0.020), history of antibiotic use (OR=1.07, P<0.001), use of vasopressors (OR=2.34, P=0.040), and fasting (OR=1.08, P<0.001) were risk factors for NEC in preterm infants, while cesarean section (OR=0.73, P=0.004), use of pulmonary surfactant (OR=0.43, P= 0.008), and breastfeeding (OR=0.24, P=0.020) were protective factors against NEC. Conclusions Maternal gestational diabetes, intrahepatic cholestasis during pregnancy, preeclampsia, low gestational age, fasting, sepsis, patent ductus arteriosus, congenital heart disease, and histories of asphyxia, mechanical ventilation, antibiotic use, and use of vasopressors may increase the risk of NEC in preterm infants, while cesarean section, use of pulmonary surfactant, and breastfeeding may decrease the risk of NEC in preterm infants. © 2022 Xiangya Hospital of CSU. All rights reserved.
Factors causing timely referral for fetal echocardiography in the final diagnosis of congenital heart malformations: A cross-sectional study; Background: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is one of the most frequently inherited illnesses associated with adverse outcomes. Objective: This study aimed to determine the referral cause for fetal echocardiography in the final diagnosis of major CHD. Materials and Methods: In this cross-sectional study, the data of 1772 pregnant women, referred to a diagnostic clinic during 2017-2020, were reviewed. Data were collected from participants on maternal age, gestational age, history of previous child’s heart disease, body mass, the order of birth of children (baby birth rank), type of woman’s disease, history of poor midwifery, and nuchal translucency (NT). Results: Of the 1772 pregnant women, only 33 women (1.8%) had a fetus with CHD major. Abnormality in ultrasound (57.6%), history of abortion (36.4%), increased NT and gestational diabetes (18.2%) and gestational diabetes (18.2%) were identified as the most common referral reasons for fetal echocardiography in these women. Other reasons included a previous child with Down syndrome (12.1%), a previous child with heart disease (12.1%), a history of stillbirth (12.1%), hypothyroidism (12.1%), taking medication during the pregnancy period (9.0%), no underlying disease (9.0%), multiple pregnancies (6.0%), diagnosis with high-risk fetal heart disease (3.0%), high-risk combined aneuploidy screening test in the first trimester (3.0%), in vitro fertilization pregnancy (3.0%), and having a child with an intellectual disability (3.0%). Conclusion: According to the results, it can be concluded that ultrasound abnormality, abortion, increased NT and gestational diabetes are the most important factors for referring pregnant women for fetal echocardiography. © 2022, Research and Clinical Center for Infertitlity. All rights reserved.
Effect of prenatal omega 3 supplementation on pregnancy outcomes; Effect of prenatal omega 3 supplementation on pregnancy outcomes. During pregnancy, omega 3 supplementation has raised its popularity due to evidence that it would show not only benefits in the neural and visual development of the unborn child, but also in the prevention of obstetrical pathologies associated with of perinatal morbidity and mortality. Omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), specifically, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), possess anti-inflammatory, vasodilatory and anti-aggregating properties, which have led to the use of PUFAs in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases. In this review, we detail the effects of omega 3 supplementation on different aspects of pregnancy such as prevention of preterm birth, pre-eclampsia, postpartum depression, and improved metabolism during gestational diabetes. Although there are several randomized clinical trials using omega-3 supplementation during pregnancy, the evidence remains inconclusive, due to variability in dosage and administration time. Certainly, a greater number of high-quality studies including randomized clinical trials are necessary to determine the impact of omega 3 supplementation during pregnancy in the prevention of obstetric pathologies. Arch Latinoam Nutr 2022; 72(2): 139-145. © 2022 Archivos Latinoamericanos Nutricion. All rights reserved.
How Do the Different Types of Maternal Diabetes during Pregnancy Influence Offspring Outcomes?; Background/Aim of the study: Exposure to maternal diabetes is considered one of the most common in utero insults that can result in an increased risk of complications later in life with a permanent effect on offspring health. In this study, we aim to assess the level of risk associated with each type of maternal diabetes on obesity, glucose intolerance, cardiovascular diseases (CVD), and neurodevelopmental disorders in offspring. Methods: We conducted a systematic review of the literature utilizing PubMed for studies published between January 2007 and March 2022. Our search included human cohorts and case control studies following offspring exposed at least to two different types of maternal diabetes clearly identified during pregnancy. Collected outcomes included prevalence, incidence, odds ratio, hazard ratio and risk ratio. Results: Among 3579 published studies, 19 cohorts were eligible for inclusion in our review. The risks for overweight, obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2D), glucose intolerance, metabolic syndrome, and CVD were increased for all types of maternal diabetes during pregnancy. The risk of overweight or obesity in infancy and in young adults was similar between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 1 diabetes (T1D). The risk for T2D or abnormal glucose tolerance was double for offspring from GDM mothers compared to offspring from T1D mothers. In contrast, the risk for T1D in offspring at any age until young adulthood was increased when mothers had T1D compared to GDM and T2D. The risk for CVD was similar for all types of maternal diabetes, but more significant results were seen in the occurrence of heart failure and hypertension among offspring from T2D mothers. The risk of autism spectrum disorders and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorders was mainly increased after in utero exposure to preexisting T1D, followed by T2D. Conclusions: Offspring of diabetic mothers are at increased risk for multiple adverse outcomes with the highest risk detected among offspring from T2D mothers. Future work warrants large multiethnic prospective cohort studies that aim to identify the risks associated with each type of maternal diabetes separately. © 2022 by the authors.
Association between maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein levels in 8-year-old children: The Yamanashi Adjunct Study of the Japan Environment and Children’s Study (JECS); Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common pregnancy-related complications; it is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and metabolic disorders in offspring, consistent with the concept of the developmental origins of health and disease. This cohort study of women without diabetes (n = 761), who were part of the Yamanashi Adjunct Study of the Japan Environment and Children’s Study, aimed to explore the associations between maternal GDM and their offspring’s level of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), a biomarker of inflammatory and cardiovascular diseases. We analyzed the associations between GDM and the offspring’s hsCRP levels using a multiple logistic regression model. A mother with GDM significantly increased the risk for high hsCRP level by 4.07-fold (≥2.0 mg/L) in the child. As such, maternal GDM was significantly associated with increased serum hsCRP levels in 8-year-old children. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Diabetes Investigation published by Asian Association for the Study of Diabetes (AASD) and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
Excessive gestational weight gain is an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes mellitus in singleton pregnancies: Results from a French cohort study; Objective: Increase in prevalence of maternal obesity worldwide raises concern among health professionals. Our purpose was to evaluate the impact of maternal obesity and of excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) on the course of singleton pregnancies in a French maternity ward. Study design: 3599 consecutive women who delivered from April 2013 to May 2015 at Brest University Hospital were included in HPP-IPF cohort study, a study designed to evaluate clinical and biological determinants of postpartum hemorrhage (PPH). Maternal obesity was defined by a pre-pregnancy Body Mass Index (BMI) ≥ 30 kg/m2 and excessive GWG was defined according to the Institute of Medicine 2009 guidelines. Obstetric complications (including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, venous thromboembolism, PPH, cesarean section (C-section) and macrosomia) were collected prospectively in a standardized case report form. For each complication, Odd Ratios (OR) according to pre-pregnancy BMI and GWG were calculated in univariable and multivariable analyses. Results: Out of the 3162 women analyzed for this report, 583 (18.4%) were overweight, 400 (12.7%) were obese and 36.6% had excessive GWG. In multivariable analysis, after adjustment for confounding factors, obese women were at increased risk of GDM (OR 5.83, 95%CI 4.37–7.79), PPH (OR 1.69, 95%CI 1.19–2.41), C-section (OR 2.50, 95%CI 1.92–3.26) and macrosomia (OR 1.90, 95%CI 1.31–2.76). Similarly, women with excessive GWG were at increased risk of GDM (OR 1.55, 95%CI 1.17–2.06), C-section (OR 1.46, 95%CI 1.16–1.83) and macrosomia (OR 2.09, 95%CI 1.50–2.91). Conclusions: Maternal obesity and excessive GWG are independent risk factors for GDM, C-section and macrosomia in singleton pregnancies. Further studies are needed to evaluate if a lifestyle intervention aiming at avoiding excessive GWG could improve clinical outcomes in pregnant women. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and offspring's carotid intima-media thickness at birth: MySweetHeart Cohort study; Objective Hyperglycaemia during pregnancy is associated with cardiometabolic risks for the mother and the offspring. Mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have signs of subclinical atherosclerosis, including increased carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT). We assessed whether GDM is associated with increased CIMT in the offspring at birth. Design and setting MySweetHeart Cohort is a prospective cohort study conducted in Switzerland. Participants, exposure and outcome measures This work included pregnant women with and without GDM at 24-32 weeks of gestation and their singleton live-born offspring with data on the primary outcome of CIMT. GDM was diagnosed based on the criteria of the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups. Offspring's CIMT was measured by ultrasonography after birth (range 1-19 days). Results Data on CIMT were available for 99 offspring of women without GDM and 101 offspring of women with GDM. Maternal age ranged from 18 to 47 years. Some 16% of women with GDM and 6% of women without GDM were obese. Smoking during pregnancy was more frequent among women with GDM (18%) than among those without GDM (4%). Neonatal characteristics were comparable between the two groups. The difference in CIMT between offspring of women with and without GDM was of 0.00 mm (95% CI -0.01 to 0.01; p=0.96) and remained similar on adjustment for potential confounding factors, such as maternal prepregnancy body mass index, maternal education, smoking during pregnancy, family history of diabetes, as well as offspring's sex, age, and body surface area (0.00 mm (95% CI -0.02 to 0.01; p=0.45)). Conclusions We found no evidence of increased CIMT in neonates exposed to GDM. A longer-term follow-up that includes additional vascular measures, such as endothelial function or arterial stiffness, may shed further light on the cardiovascular health trajectories in children born to mothers with GDM. Trial registration number NCT02872974; Pre-results.  ©
Association of the Cerebro-Placental Ratio With Adverse Outcomes in Pregnancies Affected by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objectives: Cerebro-placental ratio (CPR) is a doppler tool contributes to clinical decision-making in pregnancies affected by small for gestational age weight (SGA). Pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) tend to have higher newborn weight, but greater risk of adverse perinatal outcomes. We hypothesized that in GDM-complicated-pregnancies CPR will be associated with adverse perinatal outcomes even in the absence of SGA. Methods: This prospective single-center cohort study included non-anomalous singleton pregnancies in women with GDM. Those with pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorder or suspected SGA were excluded. Routine fetal sonographic assessment included CPR—defined as middle cerebral artery pulsatilty index/umbilical artery pulsatilty index. Masked CPR measurement closest to birth was used, classified as >10th (normal) or ≤10th centile (low). Primary outcome was a composite, consisting of stillbirth, Caesarean birth due to abnormal fetal heart rate pattern, 5-minute Apgar <7, cord arterial pH < 7.0, hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy, or NICU admission >24 hours. Results: Of 281 participants, 24 (8.5%) had low CPR, at a mean gestational age of 36.3 weeks (IQR 34.0–37.4). Birthweight percentile was significantly lower among the low CPR group (35th [IQR 16–31] versus 60th [IQR 31–82]; P =.002). There was no statistically difference in the primary composite outcome between the groups (8.3% versus 7.0%, P =.68). Low CPR was significantly associated with a higher risk of neonatal hypoglycemia (adjusted odds ratio 3.2, 95% CI 1.2–8.3). Conclusion: In pregnancies affected by GDM, CPR ≤10th percentile was not associated with adverse perinatal outcome but was associated with neonatal hypoglycemia. © 2022 American Institute of Ultrasound in Medicine.
Long-term sequelae of adverse pregnancy outcomes; A growing body of literature highlights the importance of recognizing adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) as cardiovascular risk factors when risk stratifying women for cardiovascular disease (CVD). We conducted a comprehensive review of the long term cardiovascular consequences associated with APOs including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), preterm delivery, gestational diabetes (GDM), low birth weight and fetal growth restriction during pregnancy using electronic databases, PubMed and the Cochrane Library. Women with pregnancies complicated by HDP, preterm birth, and low birth weight are at higher risk of developing CVD than were women without APOs in the years following pregnancy. Among women with a history of multiple APOs, HDP and GDM are independent risk factors for atherosclerotic CVD. The pathophysiology leading to CVD is multifactorial, and includes both physiologic and environmental factors. APOs should be accounted for in a women's CVD risk assessment and stratification as recommended by prevention guidelines. Further research is needed to determine the underlying mechanisms that lead to the increased risk of CVD in women with APOs. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Association between obesity in women with polycystic ovary syndrome and adverse obstetric outcomes; Research question: How does the presence of obesity modify the risks for adverse obstetric outcomes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)? Design: Retrospective population-based cohort study using data from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample, 2004–2014. A total of 14,855 women with PCOS were identified (study group: obese women with PCOS [BMI ≥30 kg/m2] [n = 3286]; reference group: remaining women with PCOS [n =11 569]). Logistic regression analysis was used to explore the associations between obesity, pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes. Results: Obesity was associated with a higher prevalence of chronic hypertension (P < 0.001), pregestational diabetes (P < 0.001) and a previous caesarean delivery (P < 0.001). Obesity increased the risk of gestational diabetes (adjusted [a]OR 1.745; 95% CI 1.473 to 2.067), pregnancy-induced hypertension (aOR1.889; 95% CI 1.589 to 2.246), gestational hypertension (aOR 1.555; 95% CI 1.219 to 1.983) and preeclampsia (aOR 2.170; 95% CI 1.683 to 2.798). Maternal obesity in PCOS increased the risk of chorioamnionitis (aOR 1.548; 95% CI 1.072 to 2.235) and caesarean delivery (aOR 1.414; 95% CI 1.210 to 1.653) and decreased the likelihood of a spontaneous vaginal delivery (aOR 0.751; 95% CI 0.644 to 0.876). Infants born to obese mothers with PCOS were not more likely to be SGA (aOR 0.775; 95% CI 0.511 to 1.175) or to have congenital anomalies (aOR 0.849; 95% CI 0.483 to 1.490). Conclusion: In women with PCOS, obesity increases the risk of specific pregnancy and delivery complications. © 2022 Reproductive Healthcare Ltd.
Does gestational diabetes increase the risk of maternal kidney disease? A Swedish national cohort study; Background Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. It is uncertain whether GDM is independently associated with the risk of chronic kidney disease. The aim was to examine the association between GDM and maternal CKD and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) and to determine whether this depends on progression to overt T2DM. Methods A population-based cohort study was designed using Swedish national registry data. Previous GDM diagnosis was the main exposure, and this was stratified according to whether women developed T2DM after pregnancy. Using Cox regression models, we estimated the risk of CKD (stages 3–5), ESKD and different CKD subtypes (tubulointerstitial, glomerular, hypertensive, diabetic, other). Findings There were 1,121,633 women included, of whom 15,595 (14%) were diagnosed with GDM. Overall, GDM-diagnosed women were at increased risk of CKD (aHR 181, 95% CI 154–214) and ESKD (aHR 452, 95% CI 275–744). Associations were strongest for diabetic CKD (aHR 881, 95% CI 636–1219) and hypertensive CKD (aHR 246, 95% CI 106–569). These associations were largely explained by post-pregnancy T2DM. Among women who had GDM + subsequent T2DM, strong associations were observed (CKD, aHR 2170, 95% CI 1717–2742; ESKD, aHR 11237, 95% CI 6122–20638). But among those with GDM only, associations were non-significant (CKD, aHR 111, 95% CI 089–138; ESKD, aHR 158, 95% CI 070–360 respectively). Conclusion Women who experience GDM and subsequent T2DM are at increased risk of developing CKD and ESKD. However, GDM-diagnosed women who never develop overt T2DM have similar risk of future CKD/ESKD to those with uncomplicated pregnancies. Copyright: © 2022 Barrett et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Profile of neonates born with congenital birth defects in a tertiary care hospital of North India: An observational study; Objectives: India shares largest burden of congenital birth defects (CBDs) in the world. There is paucity of data on the CBDs in our region of the country. Methods: This was a hospital based observational study to find incidence, risk factors and outcome of CBDs among live neonates. Results: Of 7,075 babies, 92 had 124 CBDs, making the incidence 1.3%. The system predominantly involved was musculoskeletal system (52.2%) followed by central nervous system (28.3%), genitourinary system (26.1%). Among the single CBDs, congenital talipes equino varus (27.4%) was the commonest followed by spina bifida (11.2%) and cleft palate (6.4%). The significant factors associated with CBD were no antenatal visits (p = 0.041), TORCH and/or VDRL positivity (p = 0.023), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (p = 0.007), hypertension (p = 0.090), consanguinity (p = 0.03), no intake of folic acid (p = 0.015). Of these, factors found significant on logistic regression were GDM (OR 3.44; p = 0.018), maternal hypertension (OR 4.88; p = 0.011), consanguinity (OR 13.55; p = 0.028) and no intake of iron/folic acid (OR 5.53; p = 0.001). Of the 92 neonates with CBD, 44 (47.8%) were discharged, 28 (30.5%) expired, 20 (21.7%) left against medical advice. Conclusion: Incidence of CBD was comparable to previous Indian studies. Consanguinity, no intake of folic acid, maternal hypertension and GDM were associated risk factors. About half neonates with CBD expired or left against medical advice. This shows dismal outcome of neonates with CBD in this region. © 2022 The Authors
Analysis of first-time hearing screening tests among singlets and twin neonates in neonatal intensive care unit; Objective:To investigate the failure in the hearing screening test among twin neonates in neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and to further clarify the etiology of neonatal hearing impairment, thus to provide insights into prevention and early intervention. Methods:Automated auditory brainstem response(AABR), distortion product otoacoustic emission(DPOAE) and acoustic immittance were performed on 1452 neonates(including 130 twins)admitted in NICU from January 2015 to June 2018 and the risk factors including premature birth, hyperbilirubinemia, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, etc. were analyzed retrospectively by univariate chi-square test and multivariate logistic regression analysis. Results:The incidence of C-section, premature birth, hyperbilirubinemia, low birth weight, very low birth weight, in-vitro fertilization, pregnancy-induced hypertension syndrome and formula or mixed feeding among twin neonates were significantly higher than those of singleton neonates (P<0.05). The pass rates of the first-time AABR, DPOAE and acoustic immittance were significantly lower than singleton neonates. The proportion of twin neonates who failed the initial screening but recovered in the following test was as high as 72.86%. AABR pass rate was correlated with congenital heart disease, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, C-section and (very) low birth weight. The pass rate of DPOAE was correlated with low birth weight and C-section. The pass rate of acoustic immittance was correlated with preterm birth, C-section, low birth weight, gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension. The pass rate of diagnostic ABR was associated with gestational diabetes. And the pass rate of diagnostic DPOAE was associated with maternal age ≥40 years old. Conclusion:The first-time hearing screening pass rate of twin neonates in NICU is lower than that of neonatal singleton. Most twin neonates who fail in the first screening test will recover. Preterm birth, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, (very)low birth weight, congenital heart disease, gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension syndrome, maternal age ≥ 40 years old and C-section are associated with the first-time failure in hearing screening tests among twin neonates, thus entailing close follow-up. © 2022 Editorial Department of Journal of Clinical Otorhinolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery. All rights reserved.
Serum metabolomic signatures of gestational diabetes in South Asian and white European women; Introduction This study aimed to identify serum metabolomic signatures associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and to examine if ethnic-specific differences exist between South Asian and white European women. Research design and methods Prospective cohort study with a nested case-control analysis of 600 pregnant women from two Canadian birth cohorts; using an untargeted approach, 63 fasting serum metabolites were measured and analyzed using multisegment injection-capillary electrophoresis-mass spectrometry. Multivariate logistic regression modeling was conducted overall and by cohort. Results The proportion of women with GDM was higher in South Asians (27.1%) compared with white Europeans (17.9%). Several amino acid, carbohydrate, and lipid pathways related to GDM were common to South Asian and white European women. Elevated circulating concentrations of glutamic acid, propionylcarnitine, tryptophan, arginine, 2-hydroxybutyric acid, 3-hydroxybutyric acid, and 3-methyl-2-oxovaleric acid were associated with higher odds of GDM, while higher glutamine, ornithine, oxoproline, cystine, glycine with lower odds of GDM. Per SD increase in glucose concentration, the odds of GDM increased (OR=2.07, 95% CI 1.58 to 2.71), similarly for metabolite ratios: glucose to glutamine (OR=2.15, 95% CI 1.65 to 2.80), glucose to creatinine (OR=1.79, 95% CI 1.39 to 2.32), and glutamic acid to glutamine (OR=1.46, 95% CI 1.16 to 1.83). South Asians had higher circulating ratios of glucose to glutamine, glucose to creatinine, arginine to ornithine, and citrulline to ornithine, compared with white Europeans. Conclusions We identified a panel of serum metabolites implicated in GDM pathophysiology, consistent in South Asian and white European women. The metabolic alterations leading to larger ratios of glucose to glutamine, glucose to creatinine, arginine to ornithine, and citrulline to ornithine in South Asians likely reflect the greater burden of GDM among South Asians compared with white Europeans.  ©
Safe for Mother, Baby, and Graft? Pregnancy After Liver Transplant: A Single-Center Experience; Background: Although fertility is reduced in patients with liver cirrhosis, recovery of menstrual cycle is acquired after liver transplantation (LT) in most patients, and pregnancy in LT recipients is not unusual. The aim of this study was to evaluate the outcomes of pregnancies in LT recipients in our center. Methods: Data of 24 pregnancies in 14 LT recipients were collected and statistically analyzed. Demographic and clinical data were documented in each trimester of pregnancy and thereafter. The analysis was conducted in accordance with the 1975 Declaration of Helsinki and was approved by the ethics committee of the University Hospital Essen. Results: Median patient age was 21.5 years (range, 2-32 years) at LT and 31 years (range, 19-41 years) at conception. Median time between LT and conception was 126 months (range, 38-332 months), and median gestation time of completed pregnancies was 38 weeks (range, 29-40 weeks). Seven pregnancies terminated in abortions (29%). Of all deliveries, 6 resulted in preterm births (35%) with median gestation time of 34.5 weeks (range, 29-37 weeks). Gestational diabetes mellitus was the most common maternal complication, occurring in 4 patients (17%). One patient suffered from preeclampsia (4%). Pregnancy-induced hypertension or acute cellular rejection was not reported in our cohort. None of the children had serious complications. Conclusions: Our data show favorable outcome for pregnancy in LT recipients for mother and offspring. However, these patients are still at risk, particularly regarding high rates of preterm delivery, and preconception counseling and multidisciplinary monitoring are crucial to manage possible complications. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Calcifediol (25OH Vitamin D3) Deficiency: A Risk Factor from Early to Old Age; Vitamin D deficiency is the main cause of nutritional rickets in children and osteomalacia in adults. There is consensus that nutritional access to vitamin D can be estimated by measuring serum concentrations of 25OHD and vitamin D deficiency can thus be considered as calcifediol deficiency. However, the threshold for vitamin D/calcifediol sufficiency remains a matter of debate. Vitamin D/calcifediol deficiency has been associated with musculoskeletal effects but also multiple adverse extra-skeletal consequences. If these consequences improve or if they can be treated with vitamin D supplementation is still unclear. Observational studies suggest a higher infection risk in people with low calcifediol levels. There is also a consistent association between serum calcifediol and cardiovascular events and deaths, but large-scale, long-term intervention studies did not show any benefit on cardiovascular outcomes from supplementation, at least not in subjects without clear vitamin D deficiency. Cancer risk also did not change with vitamin D treatment, although there are some data that higher serum calcifediol is associated with longer survival in cancer patients. In pregnant women, vitamin D supplementation decreases the risk of pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, and low birth weight. Although preclinical studies showed that the vitamin D endocrine system plays a role in certain neural cells as well as brain structure and function, there is no evidence to support a beneficial effect of vitamin D in neurodegenerative diseases. Vitamin D supplementation may marginally affect overall mortality risk especially in elderly subjects with low serum calcifediol concentrations. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
POSTPARTUM DIABETES SCREENING IN WOMEN WITH HISTORY OF GDM; The incidence of prediabetes and type 2 diabetes is increasing worldwide. The course can be asymptomatic for several years and it is often diagnosed once the complications arise (e.g., coronary heart disease, stroke, sight, kidneys, or limbs impairment with impending amputations). Early detection of the disease at the stage of prediabetes is essential for timely prevention, treatment, and delaying complications. Gestational diabetes is a significant risk factor for prediabetes, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and obesity. Women with a history of gestational diabetes have a 40-60 % risk of developing prediabetes and type 2 diabetes. Postpartum surveillance leads to early detection and treatment of developing glucose metabolism disorders. Increased risk is particularly associated with a genetic predisposition, higher maternal age, obesity, PCOS, higher weight gain during pregnancy, and gestational diabetes treated with pharmacotherapy. In response to the increasing incidence of gestational diabetes, postpartum glucose metabolism disorders also increase. Early initiation of treatment, including dietary measures, regular physical activity, weight reduction, and possibly treatment with metformin, may prevent the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus and associated complications. © 2022 Authors. All rights reserved.
Maternal risk factors of COVID-19-affected pregnancies: A comparative analysis of symptomatic and asymptomatic COVID-19 from the Q-PRECIOUS registry; Background: The novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has had consequences on the pregnant population, as disease severity is associated with the quality of maternal health and pregnancy complications, increasing maternal and neonatal morbidity. Worldwide descriptive data help describe risk factors that could predict symptomatic and severe COVID-19 in pregnancy. Objectives: To describe demographic features and risk factors of pregnant women with COVID-19 in Qatar and compare symptomatic versus asymptomatic disease. Study design and methodology: Clinical characteristics and risk factors of pregnant women with COVID-19 in Qatar from March 2020 to March 2021 was retrospectively reviewed, comparing the cohort with the general pregnant population. Crude and adjusted odds ratios (aORs) were computed, comparing symptomatic versus asymptomatic infection. Results: Of the 500 women, 347 reported at least one symptom at diagnosis (347/500; 69.4%). The majority fell in the 30–39 years age group (241/500; 48%), with more than half in the obese body mass index (BMI) category. The cohort was 66% (332/500) Qatari women, compared with the 26% expected in the population (26.4% vs 66.4% p < 0.001). Compared with the 2019 national statistics, the number of women was higher in the >40 years age group (5% vs 7.6%, p = 0.027) and grand multiparous group (5.4% vs 13.6%, p < 0.001). The symptom most commonly reported by the symptomatic group was cough (276/500; 55%), followed by fever, fatigue, and myalgia. In the adjusted analysis, the symptomatic group had 2.7 times higher odds of being asthmatic (OR = 2.67, 95% CI 1.1–6.7, p = 0.037). Women aged >40 years had 6.6 times higher odds of symptomatic disease (aOR = 6.6, 95% CI 1.08–39.73, p = 0.041). A history of contact with a patient with symptomatic COVID and earlier gestational age at diagnosis increased the odds (aOR = 2.06, 95% CI 1.2–3.54, p = 0.009; aOR = 0.73 95% CI 0.57–0.96; p = 0.017). Conclusions: This study cohort included significantly more Qatari women, older women, grand multiparous women, a higher proportion with pre-existing and gestational diabetes, and higher BMI than national data. In addition, contact to a patient with symptomatic disease, history of asthma, older age, and earlier gestational age at diagnosis were significantly associated with symptomatic disease. © 2022 Minisha, Farrell, Abuyaqoub, Rahim, Ahmed, Omer, Abraham, Teunissen, Gassim, group, licensee HBKU Press.
Association of a Mediterranean Diet Pattern with Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes among US Women; Importance: The Mediterranean diet pattern is inversely associated with the leading causes of morbidity and mortality, including metabolic diseases and cardiovascular disease, but there are limited data on its association with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) among US women. Objective: To evaluate whether concordance to a Mediterranean diet pattern around the time of conception is associated with lower risk of developing any APO and individual APOs. Design, Setting, and Participants: This prospective, multicenter, cohort study, the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-to-Be, enrolled 10038 women between October 1, 2010, and September 30, 2013, with a final analytic sample of 7798 racially, ethnically, and geographically diverse women with singleton pregnancies who had complete diet data. Data analyses were completed between June 3, 2021, and April 7, 2022. Exposures: An Alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMed) score (range, 0-9; low, 0-3; moderate, 4-5; and high, 6-9) was computed from data on habitual diet in the 3 months around conception, assessed using a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. Main Outcomes and Measures: Adverse pregnancy outcomes were prospectively ascertained and defined as developing 1 or more of the following: preeclampsia or eclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant, or stillbirth. Results: Of 7798 participants (mean [SD] age, 27.4 [5.5] years), 754 (9.7%) were aged 35 years or older, 816 (10.5%) were non-Hispanic Black, 1294 (16.6%) were Hispanic, and 1522 (19.5%) had obesity at baseline. The mean (SD) aMed score was 4.3 (2.1), and the prevalence of high, moderate, and low concordance to a Mediterranean diet pattern around the time of conception was 30.6% (n=2388), 31.2% (n=2430), and 38.2% (n=2980), respectively. In multivariable models, a high vs low aMed score was associated with 21% lower odds of any APO (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 0.79 [95% CI, 0.68-0.92]), 28% lower odds of preeclampsia or eclampsia (aOR, 0.72 [95% CI, 0.55-0.93]), and 37% lower odds of gestational diabetes (aOR, 0.63 [95% CI, 0.44-0.90]). There were no differences by race, ethnicity, and prepregnancy body mass index, but associations were stronger among women aged 35 years or older (aOR, 0.54 [95% CI, 0.34-0.84]; P =.02 for interaction). When aMed score quintiles were evaluated, similar associations were observed, with higher scores being inversely associated with the incidence of any APO. Conclusions and Relevance: This cohort study suggests that greater adherence to a Mediterranean diet pattern is associated with lower risk of APOs, with evidence of a dose-response association. Intervention studies are needed to assess whether dietary modification around the time of conception can reduce risk of APOs and their downstream associations with future development of cardiovascular disease risk factors and overt disease.. © 2022 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
The BLIiNG study - Breastfeeding length and intensity in gestational diabetes and metabolic effects in a subsequent pregnancy: A cohort study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with higher risk for developing type 2 diabetes. Breastfeeding is protective against the development of type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes. There are no data regarding the effect of breastfeeding on the development of recurrent gestational diabetes. Objective: Investigate the relationship of previous breastfeeding duration and intensity with the recurrence of gestational diabetes, and second pregnancy glucose tolerance test results. Methods: We conducted a questionnaire-based pilot cohort study, enrolling 210 women during a subsequent second pregnancy, after a gestational diabetes-affected first pregnancy. Models for length and intensity of breastfeeding as predictors of the oral glucose tolerance test and for diagnosis of gestational diabetes in second pregnancy were fitted and then adjusted for possible confounders. Results: Recurrent gestational diabetes rate in the study cohort was 70% (n = 146). In a fully adjusted model high intensity breastfeeding was associated with a lower 2-hour glucose level on the oral glucose tolerance test (by 0.66 mmol/L, 95% CI [0.15–1.17]; p = 0.01) and breastfeeding greater than six months with a lower 1-hour glucose on the oral glucose tolerance test (by 0.67 mmol/L, 95% CI [0.16–1.19]; p = 0.01), compared to women who breastfed less intensively or for a shorter duration respectively. There was an 18% reduction in the risk of gestational diabetes if a woman breastfed for more than six months (RR 0.82, 95% CI [0.69–0.98]; p = 0.03). The association was attenuated in the fully adjusted model (RR 0.89, 95% CI [0.78–1.02]; p = 0.09). Conclusions and implications for practice: We found the risk of recurrent gestational diabetes was reduced by both increased duration and intensity of breastfeeding. Antenatal lactation education should be embedded into care pathways for women diagnosed with gestational diabetes. © 2022
Optimising Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Pregnancy: A Review of Risk Prediction Models Targeting Gestational Diabetes and Hypertensive Disorders; Cardiovascular disease, especially coronary heart disease and cerebrovascular disease, is a leading cause of mortality and morbidity in women globally. The development of cardiometabolic conditions in pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of preg-nancy, portend an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease in women. Pregnancy therefore represents a unique opportunity to detect and manage risk factors, prior to the development of cardiovascular sequelae. Risk prediction models for gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy can help identify at-risk women in early pregnancy, allowing timely intervention to mitigate both short-and long-term adverse outcomes. In this narrative review, we outline the shared pathophysiological pathways for gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, summarise contemporary risk prediction models and candidate predictors for these conditions, and discuss the utility of these models in clinical application. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Effect of Elevated Ambient Temperature on Maternal, Foetal, and Neonatal Outcomes: A Scoping Review; This scoping review provides an overview of the published literature, identifies research gaps, and summarises the current evidence of the association between elevated ambient temperature exposure during pregnancy and adverse maternal, foetal, and neonatal outcomes. Following the PRISMA extension for scoping reviews reporting guidelines, a systematic search was conducted on CINAHL, PubMed, and Embase and included original articles published in the English language from 2015 to 2020 with no geographical limitations. A total of seventy-five studies were included, conducted across twenty-four countries, with a majority in the USA (n = 23) and China (n = 13). Study designs, temperature metrics, and exposure windows varied considerably across studies. Of the eighteenheat-associated adverse maternal, foetal, and neonatal outcomes identified, pre-term birth was the most common outcome (n = 30), followed by low birth weight (n = 11), stillbirth (n = 9), and gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 8). Overall, papers reported an increased risk with elevated temperature exposures. Less attention has been paid to relationships between heat and the diverse range of other adverse outcomes such as congenital anomalies and neonatal mortality. Further research on these less-reported outcomes is needed to improve understanding and the effect size of these relationships with elevated temperatures, which we know will be exacerbated by climate change. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Introduction; Diabetes mellitus (DM) during pregnancy constitutes a common disorder of glucose homeostasis, with several short- and long-term maternal and offspring adverse outcomes. It can manifest either as pre-existing or as DM initially diagnosed during pregnancy (gestational DM, GDM). This classification is crucial, since these two entities differ in terms of their impact on maternal and neonatal health, with GDM being the most prevalent (85% of cases). Concerning pathophysiology, GDM simulates type 2 DM (T2DM), as a corollary of Β-cell dysfunction on a background of chronic insulin resistance. The prevalence of GDM differs according to the definition (3.8-7.8% in Europe). Several risk factors contribute to the development of DM during pregnancy, such as obesity, excessive gestational weight gain, polycystic ovary syndrome, ethnicity, genetic polymorphisms, advanced maternal age, as well as family and individual history of GDM. Maternal complications include increased risk of preterm birth, arterial hypertension, preeclampsia, cesarian delivery, and increased risk of T2DM and cardiovascular disease in later life. Short-term fetal risks include macrosomia, shoulder dystocia, birth trauma, hyperbilirubinemia, and postpartum hypoglycemia. Of note, GDM may “program” the exposed offspring to a higher risk of cardiometabolic complications in their adult life. A multidisciplinary approach is proposed, including medical nutrition therapy for optimal weight gain and close glucose monitoring, as well as pre-pregnancy healthcare programs, to avert the development of GDM. Several issues, such as diagnostic thresholds during early pregnancy, optimal monitoring after delivery, and efficacy of pharmaceutical intervention during the pre-conception period, need to be resolved in future studies. This book provides a thorough approach to the diagnosis, epidemiology, pathophysiology, maternal and neonatal outcomes, management, and future perspectives of this complex clinical entity. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2022.
Evaluation of a Postpartum Cardiovascular Risk Screening Clinic: An Analysis of Interpregnancy and Subsequent Pregnancy Outcomes; Objective: At the Maternal Health Clinic (MHC), women with certain pregnancy complications are seen for appointments focusing on lifestyle modification and future pregnancy counselling. This study's objective is to determine whether women who attended the MHC following a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) have improved interpregnancy and subsequent pregnancy outcomes, compared with non-attendees. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted including all pregnancies ≥20 weeks gestation at Kingston Health Sciences Centre (KHSC) from April 2010 to Dec 2019. Women with ≥2 deliveries were eligible for inclusion, with 2 pregnancies per woman included. These criteria identified 178 patients who attended the MHC and 133 who did not. Continuous variables with normal distribution were assessed with independent sample t tests. Continuous variables without normal distribution and ordinal variables were assessed with Mann–Whitney U tests. Categorical variables were assessed with Pearson's χ2 tests. Preterm delivery, HDP and GDM recurrence, HDP and GDM progression, and change in first-trimester blood pressure and pre-pregnancy weight were examined using multivariate regression modelling. Probability values <0.05 determined significance. Results: MHC attendance was associated with improvements in interpregnancy weight reduction (P = 0.002), fewer interpregnancy type II diabetes diagnoses (P < 0.001), and a later gestational age at delivery (P < 0.001). There were no differences in subsequent pregnancy complication recurrence rates of GDM (P = 0.731) or an HDP (P = 0.139) between cohorts. Conclusion: In our examination of MHC outcomes, we found improvements in certain interpregnancy and subsequent pregnancy outcomes. These results support the continued development and funding of these clinics. © 2021 The Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada/La Société des obstétriciens et gynécologues du Canada.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Maternal Chronic Diseases in the Future: A Cross-Sectional Study Using KoGES-HEXA Data; Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with an increased risk of chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease (CVD) and metabolic syndrome (MS), in the future. We designed a large-scale cohort study to evaluate the influence of APOs (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), stillbirth, macrosomia, and low birth weight) on the incidence of chronic diseases, body measurements, and serum biochemistry in the future and investigate whether combinations of APOs had additive effects on chronic diseases. We used health examinee data from the Korean Genome and Epidemiology Study (KoGES-HEXA) and extracted data of parous women (n = 30,174; mean age, 53.02 years) for the analysis. Women with APOs were more frequently diagnosed with chronic diseases and had a family history of chronic diseases compared with women without APOs. Composite APOs were associated with an increased risk of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, angina pectoris, stroke, and MS (adjusted odds ratio: 1.093, 1.379, 1.269, 1.351, 1.414, and 1.104, respectively) after adjustment for family history and social behaviors. Preeclampsia and GDM were associated with an increased risk of some chronic diseases; however, the combination of preeclampsia and GDM did not have an additive effect on the risk. APOs moderately influenced the future development of maternal CVD and metabolic derangements, independent of family history and social behaviors. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Placental autophagy in maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus; Obesity is exponentially increasing worldwide, especially in women of reproductive age. Maternal obesity (MO) during pregnancy represents a significant risk for both the mother and the fetus, with short and long-term health consequences. The most prevalent maternal complication is Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), affecting almost 50% of obese pregnant women. Offspring of obese and/or GDM mothers is at higher risk to develop metabolic and cardiovascular diseases during infancy and also later in adulthood. The placenta plays a key role during pregnancy, ensuring appropriate maternal-fetal crosstalk and exchange of nutrients, gases, hormones and waste products. MO and GDM, which are characterized by systemic low-grade inflammation, hyperglycemia and lipotoxicity, are known to impact the intrauterine environment and the placenta, possibly leading to placental dysfunction. Indeed, alterations of placental structure, nutrient transport, mitochondrial features and other placental functions have been reported in MO and GDM. Autophagy is a lysosome-dependent mechanism consisting in the degradation of superfluous or damaged cellular components, including macromolecules (e.g. proteins, lipids) and organelles (e.g. mitochondria, ribosomes) to maintain cell homeostasis. Currently, the importance of autophagy is emerging in mammalian pregnancy, also in the context of MO and GDM. Increasing evidences from murine models showed that autophagy appears to sustain the gestation in many phases, such as zygote formation, blastocyst implantation and placentation. Few studies have reported preliminary data focusing on autophagy in human placentas, highlighting that placental autophagy needs to be a finely regulated process in order to ensure the balanced homeostasis of this unique organ. © 2022 Biomedia. All rights reserved.
The Quantose Insulin Resistance Test for Maternal Insulin Resistance: A Pilot Study; Objective Insulin resistance (IR) increases during pregnancy which can lead to hyperinsulinemia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and neonatal hypoglycemia (NH), especially in obese women. Glucose tolerance testing (GTT) is used clinically to evaluate IR in pregnancy. Quantose IR score index is a novel blood screen of IR validated in nonpregnant individuals. The score is generated using an algorithm that combines insulin and three biomarkers of fatty acid pathways (α-hydroxybutyrate, oleic acid, linoleoyl-glycerophospocholine). Our objective was to determine the validity of Quantose IR test (Metabolan Inc. Morrisville, NC) in assessing IR in pregnant obese women, as compared with the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and its ability to predict GDM and NH. Study Design Women between 10 0/7and 13 6/7weeks of gestation with a pre-pregnancy or early pregnancy body mass index more than 30 kg/m 2, and no pregestational diabetes, were included. Fasting blood samples were collected at 10 0/7to 13 6/7(T1) and 24 0/7to 28 0/7(T2) weeks. Quantose IR and HOMA-IR were calculated. All women underwent an early (T1; indicated for women with obesity) and a T2 glucose tolerance tests. GDM was diagnosed using the two-step approach, and NH was defined as a neonatal glucose less than 40 mg/dL in the first 24 hours of life. Linear regression and receiver operating characteristic curves were used for analysis. Results The trial enrolled 100 patients. Ten subjects (10%) were diagnosed with GDM in the second trimester and none in the first trimester. At T1, Quantose IR (R 2 = 0.48), but not 1-hour glucose tolerance test (R 2= 0.07), correlated with HOMA-IR. Similar correlations were observed at T2. The 1-hour glucose tolerance test followed by HOMA-IR and Quantose IR (area under the curve [AUC]: 0.82, 0.68, and 0.62, respectively) were predictors of GDM. Quantose IR (AUC: 0.74) and 1-hour glucose tolerance test (AUC: 0.72) at T1 and T2 (AUC: 0.75; AUC: 0.93; respectively) were best predictors of NH. The best cut offs, sensitivities, and specificities for prediction of NH were determined. Conclusion Similar to nonpregnant individuals, Quantose IR appears to be a valid measure of IR in obese pregnant women. First trimester Quantose IR is a predictor of GDM diagnosed in the second trimester and NH. Given that it requires a single blood draw and no glucose challenge, it may be a useful test to evaluate and monitor IR in pregnancy. Our findings may be used as pilot data to explore the potential use of Quantose IR in pregnancy further. Key Points Traditional testing methods for insulin resistance in pregnancy are often performed late, are time consuming, and unpleasant to patients. The first trimester one-step Quantose IR test reflects insulin resistance in pregnancy and predicts GDM and neonatal hypoglycemia. This is the first known prospective clinical study validating Quantose IR score index in an obstetrical population at risk for developing GDM. © 2022 American Institute of Physics Inc.. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy and Reproductive Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease in Women; Beyond conventional risk factors for cardiovascular disease, women face an additional burden of sex-specific risk factors. Key stages of a woman's reproductive history may influence or reveal short- and long-term cardiometabolic and cardiovascular trajectories. Early and late menarche, polycystic ovary syndrome, infertility, adverse pregnancy outcomes (eg, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, and intrauterine growth restriction), and absence of breastfeeding are all associated with increased future cardiovascular disease risk. The menopause transition additionally represents a period of accelerated cardiovascular disease risk, with timing (eg, premature menopause), mechanism, and symptoms of menopause, as well as treatment of menopause symptoms, each contributing to this risk. Differences in conventional cardiovascular disease risk factors appear to explain some, but not all, of the observed associations between reproductive history and later-life cardiovascular disease; further research is needed to elucidate hormonal effects and unique sex-specific disease mechanisms. A history of reproductive risk factors represents an opportunity for comprehensive risk factor screening, refinement of cardiovascular disease risk assessment, and implementation of primordial and primary prevention to optimize long-term cardiometabolic health in women. © 2022 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
GATA2/FGF21 Axis Regulates the Effects of High Glucose on the Apoptosis, Autophagy and Oxidative Stress of Human Umbilical Vein Endothelial Cell via PI3K/AKT/mTOR Pathway; Objective. We investigated the role and mechanism of GATA-binding factor 2/Fibroblast growth factor 21 (GATA2/FGF21) axis in high glucose (HG)-induced injury in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC). Methods. After HG treatment and transfection, the viability and apoptosis of HUVECs were determined via Cell Counting Kit-8 and Hoechst 33258 staining methods, and the content of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and reactive oxygen species (ROS) was measured via colorimetric assay and DCFH-DA staining.The potential transcription factor of FGF21 was predicted with bioinformatic analysis and confirmed via dual-luciferase reporter assay and chromatin immunoprecipitation. The expressions of GATA2/FGF21, apoptosis-, autophagy- and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)/AKT/mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway-related factors were quantified with quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction or Western blot. Results. Overexpressed FGF21 abolished the effects of HG on repressing the expressions of FGF21 and cell viability, and promoting apoptosis, the levels of LDH and ROS and autophagy in HUVECs, with increased Bcl-2 and p62 expression yet decreased Bax, Cleaved PARP, Cleaved caspase-3, LC3 II/LC3 I ratio and Beclin 1. GATA2 was the transcription factor of FGF21 and was downregulated after HG treatment, and the effects of overexpressed FGF21 in HG-treated HUVECs were all reversed after the silence of GATA2. Besides, overexpressed FGF21 promoted the activation of PI3K/ AKT/mTOR pathway, with increased phosphorylation levels of PI3K, AKT and mTOR, whereas silencing GATA2 abolished the trend. Conclusion. GATA2/FGF21 axis has a protective function against HG in HUVEC via regulating PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway.  © 2022 by the Association of Clinical Scientists, Inc.
Gestational diabetes mellitus induces placental vasculopathies; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses significant long- and short-term risks to both the developing fetus and the mother. GDM can lead to maternal complications during pregnancy and increase the mother’s risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease later. The present study aimed to evaluate the maternal and fetal vasculopathies in the placenta of Saudi women with GDM. This prospective study examined 84 placentas from full-term pregnant women with no complications other than GDM; 40 placentas were collected from healthy women (controls), and 44 were collected from women diagnosed with GDM. The sampling took place in King Saud University Medical City, Riyadh, between January and August 2019. All placentas were histologically examined according to the Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group (2014, 2015). The results showed that the most common placental changes on the maternal side of the placenta in the GDM group were significant syncytial knots (77%), calcification (70%), villous agglutination (57%), decidual vasculopathy (43%), and retroplacental hemorrhage (34%). Placental infarction was the least common placental change in both groups. On the fetal side, vasculopathies included significant villous fibrinoid necrosis (70.5%), chorangiosis (50%), fibromuscular sclerosis (50%), and villous edema (38.6%). Significant villous fibrinoid necrosis, villous edema, and significant fibromuscular sclerosis were more prevalent in the GDM group. The present study concluded that gestational diabetes mellitus induces histopathological phenotypes in the full-term placenta. Increased decidual vasculopathy, syncytial knots, retroplacental hemorrhage, classification, villous agglutination, chorangiosis, villous edema, villous fibroid necrosis, and fibromuscular sclerosis may indicate GDM in the mother. Such findings in the placenta of a woman who has not been diagnosed with GDM increase the need for GDM examination in future pregnancies. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
DNA Methylation and Gene Expression in Blood and Adipose Tissue of Adult Offspring of Women with Diabetes in Pregnancy—A Validation Study of DNA Methylation Changes Identified in Adolescent Offspring; Maternal gestational diabetes and obesity are associated with adverse outcomes in offspring, including increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Previously, we identified a lower DNA methylation degree at genomic sites near the genes ESM1, MS4A3, and TSPAN14 in the blood cells of adolescent offspring exposed to gestational diabetes and/or maternal obesity in utero. In the present study, we aimed to investigate if altered methylation and expression of these genes were detectable in blood, as well in the metabolically relevant subcutaneous adipose tissue, in a separate cohort of adult offspring exposed to gestational diabetes and obesity (O-GDM) or type 1 diabetes (O-T1D) in utero, compared with the offspring of women from the background population (O-BP). We did not replicate the findings of lower methylation of ESM1, MS4A3, and TSPAN14 in blood from adults, either in O-GDM or O-T1D. In contrast, in adipose tissue of O-T1D, we found higher MS4A3 DNA methylation, which will require further validation. The adipose tissue ESM1 expression was lower in O-GDM compared to O-BP, which in turn was not associated with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI nor the offspring’s own adiposity. Adipose tissue TSPAN14 expression was slightly lower in O-GDM compared with O-BP, but also positively associated with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI, as well as offspring’s own adiposity and HbA1c levels. In conclusion, the lower DNA methylation in blood from adolescent offspring exposed to GDM could not be confirmed in the present cohort of adult offspring, potentially due to methylation remodeling with increased aging. In offspring adipose tissue, ESM1 expression was associated with maternal GDM, and TSPAN14 expression was associated with both maternal GDM, as well as pre-pregnancy BMI. These altered expression patterns are potentially relevant to the concept of developmental programming of cardiometabolic diseases and require further studies. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Recent Experimental Studies of Maternal Obesity, Diabetes during Pregnancy and the Developmental Origins of Cardiovascular Disease; Globally, cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of death. Most concerning is the rise in cardiovascular risk factors including obesity, diabetes and hypertension among youth, which increases the likelihood of the development of earlier and more severe cardiovascular disease. While lifestyle factors are involved in these trends, an increasing body of evidence implicates environmental exposures in early life on health outcomes in adulthood. Maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy, which have increased dramatically in recent years, also have profound effects on fetal growth and development. Mounting evidence is emerging that maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy have lifelong effects on cardiovascular risk factors and heart disease development. However, the mechanisms responsible for these observations are unknown. In this review, we summarize the findings of recent experimental studies, showing that maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy affect energy metabolism and heart disease development in the offspring, with a focus on the mechanisms involved. We also evaluate early proof-of-concept studies for interventions that could mitigate maternal obesity and gestational diabetes-induced cardiovascular disease risk in the offspring. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Cardiovascular function in 8- to 9-year-old singletons born after ART with frozen and fresh embryo transfer; STUDY QUESTION: Do 8- to 9-year-old singletons conceived after frozen embryo transfer (FET) or fresh embryo transfer (Fresh-ET) have increased arterial stiffness compared to naturally conceived (NC) children? SUMMARY ANSWER: The process of FET or Fresh-ET is not associated with altered cardiovascular function in 8- to 9-year-old singletons, including arterial stiffness, as compared to NC children. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: ART has been suggested to influence cardiovascular risk factors (i.e. endothelial dysfunction, increased arterial blood pressure and insulin resistance). It is not known if ART procedures alter arterial stiffness in singletons. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: A cohort study was carried out, including 8- to 9-year-old singletons conceived after FET, Fresh-ET and NC children (50 children in each group). This study was conducted between November 2018 and August 2020. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: In total, 150 singletons were identified through the Danish IVF Registry and the Medical Birth Registry. They underwent cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (CMR) and anthropometric measurements. Parental data were collected using questionnaires. NC children were matched by sex and birth year with FET/Fresh-ET children. Exclusion criteria were congenital heart disease, maternal gestational diabetes or maternal diabetes mellitus. Our primary outcome was arterial stiffness, which is assessed from noninvasive arterial blood pressure and aortic ascendens distensibility. The secondary outcome was the pulse wave velocity of total aorta and exploratory outcomes were left ventricular ejection fraction, mean arterial pressure, cardiac output and total peripheral resistance. Measurements and analyses were performed blinded to the child group. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Aortic ascendens distensibility of children conceived after FET and Fresh-ET did not differ from NC children (mean (SD): FET 11.1 (3.6) 10-3 mmHg-1, Fresh-ET 11.8 (3.0) 10-3 mmHg-1, NC 11.4 (2.8) 10-3 mmHg-1, P > 0.05). Multivariate linear regression was performed to adjust for potential confounders (i.e. child sex and age, maternal BMI at early pregnancy and maternal educational level). Data showed no statistically significant differences between study groups and aortic ascendens distensibility. However, the fully adjusted model showed a non-significant tendency of lowered aortic ascendens distensibility in children born after FET compared to Fresh-ET (β estimate (95% CI): -0.99 10-3 mmHg-1 (-2.20; 0.21)) and NC children (β estimate (95% CI): -0.77 10-3 mmHg-1 (-1.98; 0.44)). Lastly, secondary and exploratory outcomes did not differ between the groups. Primary and secondary outcomes showed good intra-rater reliability. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: This study is possibly limited by potential selection bias as the participation rate was higher in the ART compared to the NC group. Also, in some variables, the study groups differed slightly from the non-participant population. The non-participant population (n = 1770) included those who were excluded, not invited to CMR scan, or declined to participate in this study. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Our findings indicate that children born after FET or Fresh-ET do not have altered cardiovascular function, including arterial stiffness. This is reassuring for the future use of ART. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This study was funded by the Novo Nordisk Foundation (grant reference number: NNF19OC0054340) and The Research Foundation of Rigshospitalet. All authors declared no conflict of interests. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03719703. © 2022 The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved. For permissions, please email: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Fetal Interventricular Septum Volume Evaluated by Three-Dimensional Ultrasound Using Spatiotemporal Image Correlation and Virtual Organ Computer-Aided Analysis in Fetuses From Pre-Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Pregnant Women; BACKGROUND: To assess the interventricular septum (IVS) volume of fetuses from pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (DM) pregnant women by 3-dimensional ultrasound using spatiotemporal image correlation (STIC) and virtual organ computer-aided analysis (VOCAL) methods. METHODS: This was a prospective cross-sectional study of 45 fetuses from pre-gestational DM and 45 fetuses from healthy pregnant women (controls). Only singleton pregnancies between 20 and 34 + 6 weeks of gestation were included. The fetal IVS volumes were obtained off-line using STIC and VOCAL methods. To analyze differences among variables, the Student’s t-test and Mann-Whitney U test were used. The correlation among continuous variables was determine using Spearman’s correlation test (r). RESULTS: The median of fetal IVS volume was significantly higher in pre-gestational DM than in healthy pregnant women (0.3 cm3 vs. 0.2 cm3, p = 0.032). A strong positive correlation was observed between fetal IVS volume and gestational age at the time of ultrasound examination (r = 0.75, R2 = 0.48, p < 0.0001) and between fetal IVS volume and estimated fetal weight (r = 0.63, R2 = 0.37, p < 0.0001). No significant correlation was noted between fetal IVS volume and glycated hemoglobin levels (r = −0.16, R2 = 0.01, p = 0.540) in the pre-gestational DM pregnant women. CONCLUSIONS: Significant differences were observed in fetal IVS volumes between pre-gestational and healthy mothers, with higher values in the fetuses of pre-gestational DM pregnant women. © 2022 Korean Society of Echocardiography.
Prediction of successful vaginal birth after cesarean in women with diabetic disorders and no prior vaginal delivery; Objective: To study the factors associated with successful trial of labor after cesarean (TOLAC) among women with diabetes and no prior vaginal delivery and compare with TOLAC in nondiabetic women. Methods: A retrospective study including all women undergoing TOLAC who had no prior vaginal delivery between March 2011 and June 2020 at Sheba Medical Center. Women with diabetic disorders were compared with those without. Multivariate regression analysis was performed to identify factors independently associated with TOLAC success. Results: Of 2144 deliveries with TOLAC, 163 (7.6%) were to women with a diabetic disorder. TOLAC success rate was comparable between diabetic and nondiabetic women (124 [76.1%] vs 1513 [76.4%], respectively; P = 0.931). Uterine rupture rate was 1.1% (23 out of 2144). Among women with diabetes the uterine rupture rate was 0.6% (1 out of 163) and did not differ between the success or fail TOLAC groups. Multivariate logistic regression showed that epidural anesthesia and cervical effacement were the only independent factors associated with TOLAC success in women with diabetes (adjusted OR 3.32; 95% CI, 1.31–8.69, P = 0.011 and aOR 1.04; 95% CI, 1.01–1.07, P = 0.007, respectively). Conclusion: TOLAC in women with diabetes with no prior vaginal delivery has a high success rate. Epidural analgesia is the only modifiable independent predictor of TOLAC success. © 2021 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics
Management of type 2 diabetes in young adults aged 18–30 years: ADS/ADEA/APEG consensus statement; Introduction: Type 2 diabetes in young adults (nominally, 18–30 years of age) is a more aggressive condition than that seen in older age, with a greater risk of major morbidity and early mortality. This first Australian consensus statement on the management of type 2 diabetes in young adults considers areas where existing type 2 diabetes guidance, directed mainly towards older adults, may not be appropriate or relevant for the young adult population. Where applicable, recommendations are harmonised with current national guidance for type 2 diabetes in children and adolescents (aged < 18 years). The full statement is available at https://www.diabetessociety.com.au, https://www.adea.com.au and https://www.apeg.org.au. Main recommendations: Advice is provided on important aspects of care including screening, diabetes type, psychological care, lifestyle, glycaemic targets, pharmacological agents, cardiovascular disease risk management, comorbidity assessment, contraception and pregnancy planning, and patient-centred education. Special considerations for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australians are highlighted separately. Changes in management as a result of this statement: Management recommendations for young adults, which differ from those for adults, include: ▪screening for diabetes in young adults with overweight or obesity and additional risk factors, including in utero exposure to type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes mellitus; ▪more stringent glucose targets (glycated haemoglobin ≤ 6.5% [≤ 48 mmol/mol]); ▪in the context of obesity or higher cardio-renal risk, glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists and sodium–glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors are preferred second line agents; ▪β-cell decline is more rapid, so frequent review, early treatment intensification and avoidance of therapeutic inertia are indicated; ▪a blood pressure target of < 130/80 mmHg, as the adult target of ≤ 140/90 mmHg is too high; ▪absolute cardiovascular disease risk calculators are not likely to be accurate in this age group; early statin use should therefore be considered; and ▪a multidisciplinary model of care including an endocrinologist and a certified diabetes educator. © 2022 AMPCo Pty Ltd.
Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor in Gestational Diabetes: Analysis of Maternal Serum and Cord Blood Pairs and Comparison of Dietary-and Insulin-Dependent GDM; The Objective of our study was to investigate the influence of dietary (dGDM) and insulin-dependent (iGDM) gestational diabetes (GDM) on BDNF blood levels of corresponding maternal-neonatal pairs and compare them to pregnancies unaffected by GDM. Blood samples from 293 maternal-neonatal pairs were analyzed. Statistical analysis was performed using multiple regression analysis for association of log-transformed maternal and neonatal BDNF levels in relation to GDM, gestational age, neonatal sex, and mode of delivery. This was followed by a 2:1 matching of healthy and diabetic pairs. Maternal and neonatal BDNF levels were lowest in the iGDM group, followed by the dGDM group and healthy controls (maternal: healthy 665 ± 562 (26–2343) pg/mL vs. dGDM 593 ± 446 (25–1522) pg/mL vs. iGDM 541 ± 446 (68–2184) pg/mL; neonate: healthy 541 ± 464 (9.5–2802) pg/mL vs. dGDM 375 ± 342 (1–1491) pg/mL vs. iGDM 330 ± 326 (47–1384) pg/mL). After multiple regression analysis and additional 2:1 matching neonatal log-BDNF was significantly lower (−152.05 pg/mL, p = 0.027) in neonates of mothers with GDM compared to healthy pairs; maternal log-BDNF was also lower (−79.6 pg/mL), but did not reach significance. Our study is the first to analyze BDNF in matched maternal-neonatal pairs of GDM patients compared to a metabolically unaffected control group. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Perinatal Stroke; Risk Factors and Outcome. A Study from Aga Khan University Hospital Karachi; Objective: To determine the frequency, risk factors and the outcomes of a perinatal stroke. Study Design: Cross-sectional study. Place and Duration of Study: Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, Department of Pediatrics, Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi Pakistan, from Jan to Dec 2019. Methodology: Neonates with perinatal stroke confirmed on the neuroimaging, were included in the study. The primary outcomes were risk factors, divided into 3 groups, maternal, placental and neonatal. The secondary outcome was the condition at the time of the discharge. Results: A total of 58 patients were included in the study. Maternal risk factors identified in the study, were intrauterine infections 10 (17.2%), anti-phospholipid syndrome, gestational diabetes 8 (13.8%) and preeclampsia 7 (12.1%). Chorioamnionitis 9 (15.5%), antepartum hemorrhage 6 (10.3%), and placenta previa 4 (6.9%) were the placental risk factors. Neonatal risk factors were birth asphyxia 35 (60.3%), sepsis/meningitis 8 (13.8%), premature birth 6 (10.3%) and fetal bradycardia 4 (6.9%). Resusci-tation was needed in 35 (60.3%) neonates with birth asphyxia. Haemorrhagic stroke was observed in 38 (65.5%) cases, ischemic stroke in 14 (24.1%) cases and mixed type of stroke was found in 6 (10.3%) patients. The total mortality rate in our study was 13.8%. Conclusion: Haemorrhagic stroke was more common than ischemic or mixed stroke among the patients of perinatal stroke at our healthcare facility. Patients with low APGAR score at 5 minutes, birth asphyxia and male gender, were most affected. © 2022, Army Medical College. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy in Women With Monogenic Diabetes due to Pathogenic Variants of the Glucokinase Gene: Lessons and Challenges; Heterozygous loss-of-function variants of the glucokinase (GCK) gene are responsible for a subtype of maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY). GCK-MODY is characterized by a mild hyperglycemia, mainly due to a higher blood glucose threshold for insulin secretion, and an up-regulated glucose counterregulation. GCK-MODY patients are asymptomatic, are not exposed to diabetes long-term complications, and do not require treatment. The diagnosis of GCK-MODY is made on the discovery of hyperglycemia by systematic screening, or by family screening. The situation is peculiar in GCK-MODY women during pregnancy for three reasons: 1. the degree of maternal hyperglycemia is sufficient to induce pregnancy adverse outcomes, as in pregestational or gestational diabetes; 2. the probability that a fetus inherits the maternal mutation is 50% and; 3. fetal insulin secretion is a major stimulus of fetal growth. Consequently, when the fetus has not inherited the maternal mutation, maternal hyperglycemia will trigger increased fetal insulin secretion and growth, with a high risk of macrosomia. By contrast, when the fetus has inherited the maternal mutation, its insulin secretion is set at the same threshold as the mother’s, and no fetal growth excess will occur. Thus, treatment of maternal hyperglycemia is necessary only in the former situation, and will lead to a risk of fetal growth restriction in the latter. It has been recommended that the management of diabetes in GCK-MODY pregnant women should be guided by assessment of fetal growth by serial ultrasounds, and institution of insulin therapy when the abdominal circumference is ≥ 75th percentile, considered as a surrogate for the fetal genotype. This strategy has not been validated in women with in GCK-MODY. Recently, the feasibility of non-invasive fetal genotyping has been demonstrated, that will improve the care of these women. Several challenges persist, including the identification of women with GCK-MODY before or early in pregnancy, and the modalities of insulin therapy. Yet, retrospective observational studies have shown that fetal genotype, not maternal treatment with insulin, is the main determinant of fetal growth and of the risk of macrosomia. Thus, further studies are needed to specify the management of GCK-MODY pregnant women during pregnancy. Copyright © 2022 Timsit, Ciangura, Dubois-Laforgue, Saint-Martin and Bellanne-Chantelot.
Differences in biomarkers of cardiac dysfunction in cord blood between normal pregnancies and pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes; Aims: The aim of this study was to compare biomarkers of cardiac dysfunction in cord blood in women with uncomplicated pregnancies and pregnancies complicated by maternal pre-gestational and gestational diabetes and to correlate these findings with fetal echocardiography parameters of cardiac function. Material and methods: Fetal echocardiographic assessment was performed longitudinally on 78 fetuses in the normal cohort and 32 in the diabetic cohort by measuring tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion, mitral annular plane systolic excursion, myocardial performance index, interventricular septum (IVS) thickness and left fractional shortening between July 2015 and December 2017. Cord blood samples were obtained at birth and levels of troponin I (TnI), B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) and the amnio terminal segment of its prohormone measured. Results: Women with diabetes had significantly higher median body mass index and mean z-scores for BNP. Significant associations were observed between maternal diabetes and obesity and cord-blood BNP z-scores. The effect of diabetes on TnI levels were similar, with mean values higher in women with gestational diabetes compared to normal pregnancies; however, this difference did not reach statistical significance. These biomarker findings correlated with an increased IVS thickness in the diabetic group. No difference was demonstrated in the other cardiac function parameters measured. Conclusion: Biochemical markers of cardiac dysfunction are elevated in infants of diabetic and obese mothers and correlated with increased IVS thickness. © 2021 The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists
Adverse outcomes associated with twin pregnancies conceived via in vitro fertilization; Objective: To compare adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes in twin pregnancies conceived by in vitro fertilization (IVF) to those conceived spontaneously. Methods: Retrospective analysis of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Natality Live Birth database for the years 2016–2019. All twin live births were included and stratified into two groups: those from pregnancies conceived via IVF and those from pregnancies conceived spontaneously. The incidence of several adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes were compared between the two groups. Statistical analysis included multivariable logistic regression to adjust for the following potential confounders: maternal age, race/ethnicity, body mass index, education level, type of medical insurance, chronic hypertension, pregestational diabetes, and prior preterm birth. Data were presented as adjusted odds ratios (aOR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: Twin live births from pregnancies conceived via IVF comprised 9.5% of the study cohort (39,356 of 415,560). Baseline characteristics varied significantly between IVF and spontaneously conceived twins. After adjusting for these variables, IVF in twins was associated with an increased risk of multiple adverse outcomes including gestational diabetes (aOR = 1.35, 95% CI = 1.30–1.39), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (aOR = 1.70, 95% CI = 1.65–1.75), preterm birth prior to 28 weeks (aOR = 1.53, 95% CI = 1.43–1.63), maternal intensive care unit admission (aOR = 2.03, 95% CI = 1.79–2.31), maternal blood transfusion (aOR = 2.97, 95% CI = 2.75–3.20), unplanned hysterectomy (aOR = 3.37, 95% CI = 2.73–4.16), and prolonged ventilation in newborns (aOR = 1.76, 95% CI = 1.69–1.82), compared to spontaneously conceived twin pregnancies. Conclusions: Based on this large United States population-based cohort, twin pregnancies conceived via IVF represent a subgroup of twins that have an increased risk for several adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes, compared to those conceived spontaneously. With increased contemporary utilization of IVF, obstetricians should consider these risks while caring for patients with twin pregnancies conceived via IVF. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Programming of cardiometabolic health: the role of maternal and fetal hyperinsulinaemia; Obesity and gestational diabetes during pregnancy have multiple short- and long-term consequences for both mother and child. One common feature of pregnancies complicated by maternal obesity and gestational diabetes is maternal hyperinsulinaemia, which has effects on the mother and her adaptation to pregnancy. Even though insulin does not cross the placenta insulin can act on the placenta as well affecting placental growth, angiogenesis and lipid metabolism. Obese and gestational diabetic pregnancies are often characterised by maternal hyperglycaemia resulting in exposure of the fetus to high levels of glucose, which freely crosses the placenta. This leads to stimulation of fetal ß-cells and insulin secretion in the fetus. Fetal hyperglycaemia/hyperinsulinaemia has been shown to cause multiple complications in fetal development, such as altered growth trajectories, impaired neuronal and cardiac development and early exhaustion of the pancreas. These changes could increase the susceptibility o f the offspring to develop cardiometabolic diseases later in life. In this review, we aim to summarize and review the mechanisms by which maternal and fetal hyperinsulinaemia impact on (i) maternal health during pregnancy; (ii) placental and fetal development; (iii) offspring energy homeostasis and long-term cardiometabolic health; (iv) how interventions can alleviate these effects.  © 2022 The authors.
Extracellular Vesicles as An Index for Endothelial Injury and Cardiac Dysfunction in a Rodent Model of GDM; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and maternal cardiovascular complications. It is widely believed that maternal endothelial dysfunction is a critical determinant of these risks, however, connections to maternal cardiac dysfunction and mechanisms of pathogenesis are unclear. Circulating extracellular vesicles (EVs) are emerging bi-omarkers that may provide insights into the pathogenesis of GDM. We examined the impact of GDM on maternal cardiac and vascular health in a rat model of diet‐induced obesity‐associated GDM. We observed a >3‐fold increase in circulating levels of endothelial EVs (p < 0.01) and von Willebrand factor (p < 0.001) in GDM rats. A significant increase in mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) within circulating extracellular vesicles was also observed suggesting possible mitochondrial dysfunction in the vasculature. This was supported by nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide deficiency in aortas of GDM mice. GDM was also associated with cardiac remodeling (increased LV mass) and a marked impairment in maternal diastolic function (increased isovolumetric relaxation time [IVRT], p < 0.01). Finally, we observed a strong positive correlation between endothelial EV levels and IVRT (r = 0.57, p < 0.05). In summary, we observed maternal vascular and cardiac dysfunction in rodent GDM accompanied by increased circulating endothelial EVs and EV‐associated mitochon-drial DNA. Our study highlights a novel method for assessment of vascular injury in GDM and highlights vascular mitochondrial injury as a possible therapeutic target. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome and adverse pregnancy outcome; INTRODUCTION: The aim of this study was to investigate the association between ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS) and adverse pregnancy outcome. EVIDENCE ACQUISITION: Medline, Embase and Cochrane databases were searched. The primary outcome was a composite score of adverse maternal outcome including either preterm birth (PTB), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pre-eclampsia (PE) or pregnancy induced hypertension, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, thromboembolic events or need for caesarean section (CS). Secondary outcomes were a composite score of adverse fetal outcome including either miscarriage, low birthweight, fetal anomalies or intrauterine fetal death (IUD) and the individual components of both primary and secondary outcomes. EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS: Thirteen studies (3303 ART pregnancies with and 89,720 without OHSS) were included. The risk of composite adverse maternal outcome (RR: 8.8, 95% CI: 8.1-9.5) was higher in women with compared to those without OHSS. The association between OHSS and adverse pregnancy outcome was mainly due to the higher risk of PTB (RR: 11.4, 95% CI: 10.5-12.4), while there was no difference in the risk of others primary outcome. Likewise, the risk of composite fetal outcome was higher in pregnancies with a prior OHSS (RR: 1.5, 95% CI: 1.1-2.0). The strength of association between OHSS and composite adverse maternal outcome persisted when considering singleton pregnancies or those with severe disease. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancies complicated by OHSS are at high risk of adverse pregnancy outcome, especially PTB.  © 2021 Edizioni Minerva Medica.
Computerized cardiotocography in singleton gestations with diabetes mellitus: a retrospective study; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to evaluate the use of computerized cardiotocography (C-CTG) in women with diabetes mellitus METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of women with diabetes mellitus referred to University of Naples Federico II from January 2018 to January 2020 for antenatal monitoring. Only women who underwent antenatal monitoring with C-CTG were included in the study. For the purpose of this study only the C-CTG recorded at the time of outpatient admission were analyzed. Women were divided into four groups: 1) women with diabetes mellitus type 1; 2) women with diabetes mellitus type 2; 3) women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); 4) control group without diabetes mellitus. The primary outcome of the study was the C-CTG short term variability (STV). RESULTS : A total of 298 patients were included in the study, 89 with type 1 diabetes (group 1), 27 with type 2 diabetes (group 2), 77 with GDM (group 3) and 105 controls (group 4). Fetal heart rate was statistically higher in pregnant women with pre-pregnancy diabetes both Type 1 and 2 compared to gestational diabetes and physiological pregnancies. The parameters of STV, APRS and DPRS were statistically lower in the pregnant group with pre-pregnancy type 1 diabetes than in type 2 and compared to group 3 and 4. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal heart rate was statistically higher in pregnant women with pre-pregnancy diabetes, both Type 1 and 2, compared to gestational diabetes and controls. STV, APRS and DPRS were statistically lower in the pregnant group with pre-pregnancy type 1 diabetes than in type 2 and compared to group 3 and 4. © 2021 Edizioni Minerva Medica.
Impact of Maternal– Fetal Environment on Mortality in Children With Single Ventricle Heart Disease; BACKGROUND: Children with single ventricle heart disease have significant morbidity and mortality. The maternal– fetal environment (MFE) may adversely impact outcomes after neonatal cardiac surgery. We hypothesized that impaired MFE would be associated with an increased risk of death after stage 1 Norwood reconstruction. METHODS AND RESULTS: We performed a retrospective cohort study of children with hypoplastic left heart syndrome (and anatomic variants) who underwent stage 1 Norwood reconstruction between 2008 and 2018. Impaired MFE was defined as maternal gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and/or smoking during pregnancy. Cox proportional hazards regression models were used to investigate the association between impaired MFE and death while adjusting for confounders. Hospital length of stay was assessed with the competing risk of in-hospital death. In 273 children, the median age at stage 1 Norwood reconstruction was 4 days (interquartile range [IQR], 3– 6 days). A total of 72 children (26%) were exposed to an impaired MFE; they had more preterm births (18% versus 7%) and a greater percentage with low birth weights <2.5 kg (18% versus 4%) than those without impaired MFE. Impaired MFE was associated with a higher risk of death (hazard ratio [HR], 6.05; 95% CI, 3.59–10.21; P<0.001) after adjusting for age at surgery, Hispanic ethnicity, genetic syndrome, cardiac diagnosis, surgeon, and birth era. Children with impaired MFE had almost double the risk of prolonged hospital stay (HR, 1.95; 95% CI, 1.41– 2.70; P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Children exposed to an impaired MFE had a higher risk of death following stage 1 Norwood reconstruction. Prenatal exposures are potentially modifiable factors that can be targeted to improve outcomes after pediatric cardiac surgery. © 2022 The Authors. Published on behalf of the American Heart Association, Inc., by Wiley. T.
The prevalence of documented cardiovascular-related pregnancy complications: cross-sectional study in an academic primary care centre; Background: Pregnancy and the postpartum period offer a unique opportunity to identify patients with risk factors leading to premature cardiovascular disease (CVD), which often go unrecognised. Aim: This study investigates self-reported prevalence of CVD-related pregnancy complications and its documentation in electronic medical records (EMRs) in an academic family health team (AFHT). Design & setting: A retrospective cross-sectional survey conducted from 2016 to 2017 in an AFHT. Method: The survey assessed self-reported pregnancy complications and obstetric histories of adult females. EMRs of responders who provided consent were appraised for documented pregnancy complications, and management of traditional cardiovascular risk factors post-pregnancy. Results: Out of 211 responders, 28% (n = 60) had at least one pregnancy complication reported in the survey and/or in the EMR, of which 67% (n = 40) had the complication documented in their EMR. The most prevalent complications were preterm birth (PTB; 12%, n = 25), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP; 10%, n = 22), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM; 7%, n = 14). Twenty-nine per cent (n = 4) of the patients with GDM had a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test result documented post-pregnancy. Of those with HDP, 36% (n = 8) had body mass index and 50% (n = 11) had a blood pressure measurement recorded after delivery. Conclusion: There has been a significant lack of documentation of pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors and subsequent management, introducing a missed opportunity for early cardiovascular intervention. Adequate documentation of pregnancy complications in the EMR and better transitions in care between obstetric and primary care teams could potentially enable clinicians to intervene early and better manage females at increased risk of CVD. © This article is Open Access: CC BY license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
Adiponectin ameliorates placental injury in gestational diabetes mice by correcting fatty acid oxidation/peroxide imbalance-induced ferroptosis via restoration of CPT-1 activity; Purpose: In gestational diabetes (GDM), abnormalities occur not only in glucose metabolism, but also in lipid metabolism. Adiponectin (ADPN) plays an important role in the regulation of lipid metabolism. In this paper, the role and mechanism of ADPN in GDM are discussed. Methods: GDM model was formed in pregnant mice induced by high-fat diet and streptozotocin, and blood glucose level was detected after ADPN treatment. The levels of TG, TC, HDL-C, and LDL-C in blood lipid of mice were detected by biochemical apparatus. HE staining was used to detect the placenta damage in mice. The expression of oxidative stress-related indexes in placental tissues was also detected by ELISA. Placental iron deposition was detected by Prussian blue staining. Redox capacity of placental tissue was detected by ELISA. Western blot was used to detect the expression of ferroptosis-related proteins in placental tissues. The expression of ADPN in placenta and peripheral blood was detected by ELISA, and the expression of ADPNR, downstream CPT-1, and GLUT4 of placenta were detected by RT-qPCR and western blot. Subsequently, trophoblast cells were induced by palmitic acid and glucose, and the cell activity was detected by CCK-8. The results in animal experiments were verified in cell experiments by RT-qPCR, western blot, and fluorescence labeling of iron ions. Finally, ADPN and CPT-1 inhibitor PM were given to trophoblast cells to further explore the mechanism. Results: ADPN inhibited blood glucose and lipid levels in GDM mice. ADPN inhibited oxidation/peroxide imbalance-induced ferroptosis in placental tissues of GDM mice. ADPN inhibited the expression of CPT-1 and GLUT4 in placental tissues of GDM mice. This result was also confirmed in cell experiments, and this process may be achieved by regulating CPT-1. Conclusions: ADPN ameliorated placental injury in GDM by correcting fatty acid oxidation/peroxide imbalance-induced ferroptosis via restoration of CPT-1 activity. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
The Intersection of Maternal Metabolic Syndrome, Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes, and Future Metabolic Health for the Mother and Offspring; The prevalence of obesity is ∼40% in the United States, and the prepregnancy prevalence of obesity in females is ∼30%. This has in part fueled an increase in metabolic syndrome (MetS) among females who are currently pregnant, have been pregnant, or are planning to become pregnant. Importantly, MetS in pregnancy is associated with increased pregnancy complications. Moreover, MetS in pregnancy may have long-lasting adverse cardiovascular and metabolic health implications for the mother and her offspring. To complicate matters, many adverse pregnancy outcomes seem to increase the risk of MetS in the mother after pregnancy. Herein, we describe the potential mechanisms behind the intersection of MetS, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and subsequent long-Term disease in the mother and offspring. Because MetS is a cluster of coexisting conditions, it is challenging to identify mediators that can serve as biomarkers for early diagnosis and targets for MetS prevention and therapy. © Copyright 2022, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers 2022.
Neurodevelopmental Risk Factors in Premature Babies; Introduction: In this study, it was aimed to evaluate the prenatal, natal and postnatal risk factors that premature babies may encounter and to determine the risk factors affecting this situation in babies with neurodevelopmental retardation. Materials and Methods: In this study, between February 2009 and February 2011, the files of 107 patients (53 girls, 54 boys) which were born before 37 weeks of gestation and continued their outpatient clinic controls in Dr. Behçet Uz Pediatrics Health and Surgery Training and Research Hospital were retrospectively scanned. Neurological examination, cranial MR (magnetic resonance imaging) and Bayley test results of the cases were evaluated. Results: In cases with pathological neurological examination; convulsions (p=0.02), hyperbilirubinemia (p=0.02) and cranial MR pathology (p=0.05) were more common, the increase in head circumference and weight gain in the 4th week were less. With cranial MR pathology; week of gestation (p=0.05), 5th minute APGAR score (p=0.00), gestational diabetes (p=0.01), PDA (patent ductus arteriosus) closure treatment (p=0.02), sepsis (p=0.01), convulsion (p=0.03), anemia (p=0.01), and grade 3 and higher intracranial bleeding (p=0.00) were found to be significantly correlated. When the Bayley test is evaluated; it was determined that those who underwent mechanical ventilation, those who were administered surfactant, those who had convulsions, those with pathological neurological examination, those with EEG (electroencephalography) pathology, and those who remained in the intensive care unit had lower scores (p<0.05). In addition, with the increase in head circumference in the 2nd month, the 6th month psychomotor development index (PDI) score increased in the patients, and the 12th month PDI also increased with the increase in the APGAR score (r>0.5 and p<0.05). Conclusions: In the neurodevelopmental follow-up of premature babies, the presence of gestational diabetes, low weight gain and a reduce in head circumference growth, sepsis, anemia, and a low 5th minute APGAR score were found to be important risk factors, it is important to protect babies from these risk factors for improved neurological development. © 2022, Galenos Publishing House. All rights reserved.
Investigation and Application of Risk Factors of Macrosomia Based on 10,396 Chinese Pregnant Women; Objective: The objective of this study was to examine the association of fetal macrosomia with maternal D-dimer and blood lipid levels, and explore whether D-dimer and blood lipids, either alone or in combination with traditional risk factors at hospital birth, could be used to predict subsequent delivery of macrosomia. Methods: From April 2016 to March 2017, 10,396 women with singleton pregnancy giving birth at around 28–41 weeks of gestation were recruited into the present study. D-dimer and blood lipid levels were measured at hospital admission; and data on birth outcomes were obtained from hospital records. Results: Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that D-dimer, triglyceride and HDL-C levels were significantly associated with risk of macrosomia independent of traditional risk factors (for D-dimer: adjusted OR: 1.33, 95% CI, 1.23–1.43; for triglyceride: adjusted OR: 1.14, 95% CI, 1.05–1.23; for HDL-C: adjusted OR: 0.35, 95% CI, 0.24–0.51, all P <0.01). More importantly, incorporating D-dimer and blood lipids into the traditional model significantly increased the area under curve (AUC) for prediction of macrosomia (0.783 vs. 0.811; P <0.01). Conclusion: Our study demonstrates that maternal D-dimer, triglyceride, and HDL-C levels before hospital birth could be significant and independent of risk factors of fetal macrosomia. Therefore, combining D-dimer and blood lipid levels with traditional risk factors might improve the ability to predict macrosomia in gestational diabetes mellitus and normal pregnancies. Copyright © 2022 Yuan, Han, Jia, Long, Wang, Yu and Zhou.
Prognostic indicators of persistent carotid intima-media thickness increase in postpartum period in a population of normotensive women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: The association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and common carotid artery (CCA)-intima media thickness (IMT) is still controversial. In the present study, we aimed to compare the CCA-IMT measured in GDM women to that obtained in healthy pregnant women in the third trimester of pregnancy. Secondly, we investigated the main independent predictors of persistent CCA-IMT increase (defined as CCA-IMT ≥ 0.6 mm) in postpartum period in GDM women. Study design: 30 consecutive GDM women and 30 healthy pregnant women matched for anagraphic age (34.1 ± 4.5 vs 32.8 ± 4.2 yrs, p = 0.25), ethnicity (caucasian 56.7 vs 63.3%, p = 0.59), gestational age (36.2 ± 1.7 vs 36.5 ± 1.6 weeks, p = 0.48) and cardiovascular risk factors were examined in this prospective case-control study. All women underwent obstetric visit, blood tests, conventional transthoracic echocardiography implemented with two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography analysis of left ventricular and left atrial myocardial strain parameters and carotid ultrasound examination at two time points: 36–38 weeks’ gestation and 6–10 weeks after delivery. Results: At 36.2 ± 1.7 weeks of gestation, CCA-IMT was significantly increased in GDM women than controls (0.81 ± 0.11 vs 0.55 ± 0.12, p < 0.001). Twelve GDM women (40% of the total) were found with persistent CCA-IMT increase (0.76 ± 0.14 mm) in postpartum period (8.2 ± 2.2 weeks), whereas the remaining 18 (60% of the total) showed a normalization in CCA-IMT (0.56 ± 0.1 mm). At multivariate logistic regression analysis, third trimester body mass index (BMI) (OR 1.78, 95%CI 1.24–2.54, p = 0.01), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1C) (OR 1.51, 95%CI 1.13–1.89, p = 0.03) and neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) (OR 1.68, 95%CI 1.25–4.65, p = 0.02) resulted to be independently associated with persistent CCA-IMT increase in postpartum period in GDM women. A BMI ≥ 29.2 Kg/m2, an HbA1C ≥ 37.5 mmol/mol and a NLR ≥ 5.5 were the best cut-off values for identifying GDM women with persistent CCA-IMT increase in postpartum period. Conclusions: GDM is associated with increased CCA-IMT during pregnancy. This increase may be persistent in postpartum period in GDM women with obesity, uncontrolled diabetes and increased inflammatory markers. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Associations between maternal iron supplementation in pregnancy and offspring growth and cardiometabolic risk outcomes in infancy and childhood; It was previously observed that maternal iron supplementation in pregnancy was associated with increased offspring size and adiposity at birth, possibly mediated through increased risk of gestational diabetes. In this study we investigated potential long-term associations of maternal iron supplementation in pregnancy with offspring growth in infancy, and growth and cardiometabolic risk factors in mid-childhood to seek evidence of nutritional programming. Using a nested case-control format, markers of growth and adiposity were measured at 3, 12 and 24 months of age in 341 infants from the Cambridge Baby Growth Study whose mothers supplemented with iron in pregnancy and 222 infants whose mothers did not. Measures of growth, glucose tolerance (using a 30 minute 1.75 g glucose/kg body weight oral glucose tolerance test), insulin sensitivity (HOMA IR) and blood pressure were collected in 122 and 79 of these children, respectively, at around 9.5 years of age. In infancy adiposity-promoting associations with maternal iron supplementation in pregnancy were evident at 3 months of age (e.g. mean difference in skinfold thickness: β = +0.15 mm, p = 0.02, in n = 341 whose mothers supplemented versus 222 that did not; waist circumference: β = +0.7 cm, p = 0.04, in n = 159 and 78, respectively) but differences lessened after this time (e.g. 3–12 month change in mean difference in skinfold thickness: β = -0.2 mm, p = 0.03, in n = 272 and 178, respectively). At ~9.5 years of age children whose mothers supplemented with iron in pregnancy had lower mean arterial blood pressures (β = -1.0 mmHg, p = 0.03, in n = 119 and 78, respectively). There were no apparent differences in markers of growth or other cardiometabolic factors. These results suggest that most of the associations of maternal iron supplementation in pregnancy on growth and adiposity evident at birth disappear during infancy, but there may be some evidence of long-term nutritional programming of blood pressure in mid-childhood. Copyright: © 2022 Petry et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Comparison of left ventricular function in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus prenatal and postpartum by two-dimentional speckle tracking echocardiography; Objective To investigate the value of routine echocardiography and two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography in evaluating the left ventricular function of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prenatal and postpartum. Methods Twenty-two patients with clinically confirmed GDM in Xiamen Zhongshan Hospital from October 2019 to December 2020 were chosed as the case group, and 22 healthy pregnant women were chosed as the control group. Routine echocardiography and two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography were performed in the third trimester and about 3 months postpartum. Routine echocardiographic parameters and longitudinal strain (LS), circumfirential strain (CS) were obtained. The correlation between global longitudinal strain (GLS) and other cardiac function parameters was analyzed. The relationship between clinical parameters of pregnant women and GLS was analyzed by multiple linear regression. Results In comparison with the control group, the interventricular septal diameter at disatole, left ventricular posterior wall diameter at diastole, Tei index were increased, e' was decreased in GDM group(all P <0.05); the GLS, each layer LS of GDM group were lower than the control group (all P <0.05), the GLS, each layer LS and torsion parameters were improved at 3 months postpartum (all P <0.05). There was a negative correlation between GLS and Tei (r = - 0.224, P = 0.036). GLS and HbA1c was linearly correlated with the regression equation: GLS = -27.458+1.534 × HbA1c (R2 = 0.115). Conclusions The left heart function of pregnant women with GDM in the third trimester are significantly impaired, but the cardiac function recovers to a certain extent about 3 months after delivery. Two-dimenlional speckle-tracking echocardiography is a more accurate and sensitive technique to evaluate the early damage of cardiac function in pregnant women with GDM. © 2022 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All right reserved.
Pregnancy outcomes in women with panhypopituitarism: a population-based study; Research question: What are the consequences of panhypopituitarism on pregnancy outcomes? Design: Retrospective population-based study using data from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project – Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS). A dataset was created of all deliveries between 2004 and 2014 inclusive. Within this group, all deliveries to women who had a diagnosis of panhypopituitarism during pregnancy were identified as part of the study group (n = 120), and the remaining deliveries comprised the reference group (n = 8,732,641). A multivariate logistic regression analysis, controlling for confounding effects, was conducted to explore associations between panhypopituitarism and pregnancy complications, delivery and neonatal outcomes. Results: No significant differences were found in the risk of developing gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, placental abruption, or preterm delivery delivering a small for gestational age neonate, or in the mode of delivery. There was a higher risk of developing maternal infection (odds ratio [OR] 3.14, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.46–6.74) and congenital anomalies (OR 6.97, 95% CI 2.57–18.95); however, due to the small number of cases these results should be interpreted with caution. Conclusions: Pregnancy outcomes of women with panhypopituitarism are comparable to those of the general population. Further studies are needed to assess the risk of congenital anomalies and maternal infection in pregnant women with panhypopituitarism. © 2021 Reproductive Healthcare Ltd.
The life course perspective of gestational diabetes: An opportunity for the prevention of diabetes and heart disease in women; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which has traditionally been defined as glucose intolerance of varying severity with first onset in pregnancy, is rising in prevalence with maternal hyperglycemia currently affecting one in every six pregnancies worldwide. Although often perceived as a medical complication of pregnancy, GDM is actually a chronic cardiometabolic disorder that identifies women who have an elevated lifetime risk of ultimately developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In identifying high-risk women early in the natural history of these conditions, the diagnosis of GDM raises the tantalizing possibility of early intervention and risk modification. However, before such promise can be realized in practice, a series of clinical challenges/obstacles (reviewed herein) must be overcome. Ultimately, the coupling of this life course perspective of GDM with concerted efforts to overcome these challenges may enable fulfilment of this unique opportunity for the primary prevention of diabetes and heart disease in women. © 2022 The Author(s)
Parental ageing and Assisted Reproduction Technologies: analysis of risk of chronic diseases in the progeny; Conception of a child at advanced parental age (> 35 years) has been steadily increasing in recent decades, especially in developed countries. Socio-economic factors, effective contraceptives, and the availability of Assisted Reproduction Technologies (ART) have a direct impact on postponing the decision to have a baby. ART enables reproductive success for people diagnosed as infertile or with reduced possibilities of becoming pregnant due to concomitant pathologies. Epidemiological studies indicate that both advanced parental age and ART are associated with pathologies of pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes, risk of pre-eclampsia, miscarriage, placental abruption, preterm labor, stillbirth, neurodevelopmental disorders and chronic disease of the offspring. In our work, we will focus on the available information on metabolic changes that increase the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases in the offspring of parents at an advanced age and conceived through ART. Finally, we will address the sources of the observed disturbances at the gamete and embryo level, related to oxygen stress, epigenetic modifications and DNA damage, considering possible rescue actions. © 2022, Polish Biochemical Society. All rights reserved.
Economic burden of polycystic ovary syndrome; Objective: To summarize the published literature on the economic burden of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) Design: A review of the published literature on the economic burden of PCOS. Discussion of economic burden analyses and their importance in healthcare research funding. Results: To date, only two studies have attempted to estimate the economic burden of PCOS. Together, the estimated cost of initial diagnostic evaluation, treatment of common presenting symptoms during the reproductive years (menstrual irregularity/abnormal uterine bleeding, hirsutism, infertility), associated pregnancy complications (gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia), and long-term health consequences (type 2 diabetes and stroke), the total estimated cost of PCOS annually in 2020 USD is $7.9 billion. Conclusion: Given the prevalence and economic impact of this disease, improved research funding and education of clinicians, patients, policymakers, and the general public is warranted. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2022. All rights reserved.
Sleep Duration/Quality With Health Outcomes: An Umbrella Review of Meta-Analyses of Prospective Studies; Background: To quantitatively evaluate the evidence of duration and quality of sleep as measured by multiple health outcomes. Methods: This review is registered with PROSPERO, number CRD42021235587. We systematically searched three databases from inception until November 15, 2020. For each meta-analysis, the summary effect size using fixed and random effects models, the 95% confidence interval, and the 95% prediction interval were assessed; heterogeneity, evidence of small-study effects, and excess significance bias were also estimated. According to the above metrics, we evaluated the credibility of each association. Results: A total of 85 meta-analyses with 36 health outcomes were included in the study. We observed highly suggestive evidence for an association between long sleep and an increased risk of all-cause mortality. Moreover, suggestive evidence supported the associations between long sleep and 5 increased risk of health outcomes (stroke, dyslipidaemia, mortality of coronary heart disease, stroke mortality, and the development or death of stroke); short sleep and increased risk of overweight and/or obesity; poor sleep quality and increased risk of diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus. Conclusions: Only the evidence of the association of long sleep with an increased risk of all-cause mortality was graded as highly suggestive. Additional studies are needed to be conducted. Systematic Review Registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/, identifier: CRD42021235587 Copyright © 2022 Gao, Guo, Gong, Lv, Li, Liu, Zhang, Shan, Zhao and Wu.
Influence of Gestational Diabetes on Fetal Heart Rate in Antepartum Cardiotocographic Recordings; In pregnancy, diabetes is known to increase the risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. It would be beneficial to find techniques that allow early investigation of the physio-pathological mechanisms involved to provide clinicians with tools for prevention and therapies. For that, cardiotocography (CTG) is a promising tool. However, the evidence is still scarce and the impact on clinical practice little. In this study, we aim at characterizing the changes induced by gestational diabetes (GDM) on the fetal heart rate series. To do so, we performed a retrospective cohort study on a CTG dataset containing more than 20000 recordings of which 852 belong to 301 GDM-diagnosed patients. We divided the recordings by gestational age (G.A.) into 4 groups (weeks: 31-35, 36, 37,38 to delivery) and for each we identified a control population of equal size matched by comorbidities. We analyzed a comprehensive set of parameters from the time domain, frequency domain and non-linear analysis and assessed variations in median values on each feature. For all G.A. below the 38th week, we found a significant increase in the power in the movement frequency band (p < 0.01) and an increase in the absolute value of Deceleration Reserve (p < 0.01) in GDMvs control. Other significant values were also identified and are discussed in more detail in the paper. © 2022 Creative Commons.
The WWOX/HIF1A Axis Downregulation Alters Glucose Metabolism and Predispose to Metabolic Disorders; Recent reports indicate that the hypoxia-induced factor (HIF1α) and the Warburg effect play an initiating role in glucotoxicity, which underlies disorders in metabolic diseases. WWOX has been identified as a HIF1α regulator. WWOX downregulation leads to an increased expression of HIF1α target genes encoding glucose transporters and glycolysis’ enzymes. It has been proven in the normoglycemic mice cells and in gestational diabetes patients. The aim of the study was to determine WWOX’s role in glucose metabolism regulation in hyperglycemia and hypoxia to confirm its importance in the development of metabolic disorders. For this purpose, the WWOX gene was silenced in human normal fibroblasts, and then cells were cultured under different sugar and oxygen levels. Thereafter, it was investigated how WWOX silencing alters the genes and proteins expression profile of glucose transporters and glycolysis pathway enzymes, and their activity. In normoxia normoglycemia, higher glycolysis genes expression, their activity, and the lactate concentration were observed in WWOX KO fibroblasts in comparison to control cells. In normoxia hyperglycemia, it was observed a decrease of insulin-dependent glucose uptake and a further increase of lactate. It likely intensifies hyperglycemia condition, which deepen the glucose toxic effect. Then, in hypoxia hyperglycemia, WWOX KO caused weaker glucose uptake and elevated lactate production. In conclusion, the WWOX/HIF1A axis downregulation alters glucose metabolism and probably predispose to metabolic disorders. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Research Advances in the Roles of Circular RNAs in Pathophysiology and Early Diagnosis of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) refers to different degrees of glucose tolerance abnormalities that occur during pregnancy or are discovered for the first time, which can have a serious impact on the mother and the offspring. The screening of GDM mainly relies on the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at 24–28 weeks of gestation. The early diagnosis and intervention of GDM can greatly improve adverse pregnancy outcomes. However, molecular markers for early prediction and diagnosis of GDM are currently lacking. Therefore, looking for GDM-specific early diagnostic markers has important clinical significance for the prevention and treatment of GDM and the management of subsequent maternal health. Circular RNA (circRNA) is a new type of non-coding RNA. Recent studies have found that circRNAs were involved in the occurrence and development of malignant tumors, metabolic diseases, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, etc., and could be used as the molecular marker for early diagnosis. Our previous research showed that circRNAs are differentially expressed in serum of GDM pregnant women in the second and third trimester, placental tissues during cesarean delivery, and cord blood. However, the mechanism of circular RNA in GDM still remains unclear. This article focuses on related circRNAs involved in insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction, speculating on the possible role of circRNAs in the pathophysiology of GDM under the current research context, and has the potential to serve as early molecular markers for the diagnosis of GDM. Copyright © 2022 Zhang, Ye, Li, Chen and Zhang.
In-Hospital Outcomes in Pregnancy After Heart Transplantation; Although the number of successful pregnancies in heart transplantation (HT) recipients is increasing, data regarding outcomes after delivery are limited. The 2010 to 2015 Nationwide Inpatient Sample was queried to identify index hospitalizations for delivery in HT recipients. Adverse delivery events of HT patients were compared with those of women without history of HT or systolic heart failure (HF) undergoing delivery. Of 21,922,631 delivery hospitalizations, 94 hospitalizations were of HT recipients. Compared with women without a history of HF or HT, post-HT women had greater comorbidity burden, as evidenced by the Elixhauser Comorbidity Index (1.16 vs 0.24, p <0.001), lower household incomes (p = 0.03), and were more likely to deliver at large hospitals (90% vs 58%, p = 0.02) and hospitals categorized as teaching institutions (100% vs 59%, p <0.001). After adjustment for clinical variables, history of HT was significantly associated with increased incidence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio 6.97, p = 0.001) primarily driven by increased rates of preeclampsia, and induction of labor (odds ratio 3.18, p = 0.01). There were no differences in gestational diabetes, cesarean section, fetal growth restriction, fetal malformations, or preterm delivery (all p >0.3). In conclusion, post-HT women have greater comorbidity burden and experience increased maternal risks compared with women without history of HT or systolic HF, including increased risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and need for induction. More studies are needed to improve obstetric care and maternal-fetal outcomes for the HT population. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Metformin: A promising option for the management of gestational diabetes mellitus – Exploring the benefits, challenges and clinical needs in the current management of gestational diabetes mellitus; The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing. One in three women require insulin to achieve glycaemic targets in GDM. However, it is unclear whether insulin therapy alone is the most effective treatment for all women in achieving glycaemic control and preventing adverse pregnancy outcomes. Although no oral hypoglycaemic agents are approved for pregnancy in Australia, recent research indicates that metformin is effective in preventing adverse perinatal outcomes and may even have possible benefits in the long term. Furthermore, there appears to be a specific role for both metformin and insulin among the GDM population. Metformin provides an option to offer an individualised approach to treat GDM. © 2022 The Authors. Australian and New Zealand Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists.
Association of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus with overweight/obesity and fatty liver risk in offspring; BACKGROUND Childhood obesity and fatty liver are associated with adverse outcomes such as diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. It is very important to identify relevant risk factors and intervene as early as possible. At present, the relationship between maternal and offspring metabolic factors is conflicting. AIM To estimate the association of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with overweight/obesity and fatty liver risk in offspring at 8 years of age. METHODS The prospective study included mothers who all had a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test at 24-28 wk of gestation and whose offspring completed follow-up at 8 years of age. Offspring birth weight, sex, height, weight, and body mass index (BMI) were measured and calculated. FibroScan-502 examination with an M probe (Echosens, Paris, France) was prospectively conducted in offspring aged 8 years from the Shanghai Prenatal Cohort Study. RESULTS A total of 430 mother-child pairs were included in the analysis. A total of 62 (14.2%) mothers were classified as obese, and 48 (11.1%) were classified as having GDM. The mean age of the offspring at follow-up was 8 years old. Thirty-seven (8.6%) offspring were overweight, 14 (3.3%) had obesity, and 60 (14.0%) had fatty liver. The prevalence of overweight, obesity and fatty liver in offspring increased significantly across maternal BMI quartiles (all P < 0.05). Among offspring of mothers with GDM, 12 (25.0%) were overweight, 4 (8.3%) were obese, and 12 (25.0%) had fatty liver vs. 25 (6.5%), 10 (2.6%) and 48 (12.6%), respectively, for offspring of mothers without GDM (all P < 0.05). In multiple logistic regression, after adjustment for variables, the OR for fatty liver in offspring was 8.26 (95%CI: 2.38-28.75) for maternal obesity and GDM. CONCLUSION This study showed that maternal obesity can increase the odds of overweight/obesity and fatty liver in offspring, and GDM status also increases the odds of overweight/obesity in offspring. Weight management and glycemic control before and during pregnancy need to be highlighted in primary prevention of pediatric obesity and fatty liver. © 2022 Baishideng Publishing Group Co., Limited. All rights reserved.
Significance of Serum-Plasma Leptin Profile during Pregnancy in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents a stage of subclinical inflammation and a risk factor for subsequent future type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease development. Leptin has been related with vascular and metabolic changes in GDM with heterogeneous and contradictory results with respect to their possible involvement in maternal, perinatal, and future complications. Our objective is to evaluate current evidence on the role of leptin in maternal and perinatal complications in women with GDM. PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Scopus databases were searched. We evaluated the studies’ quality using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale. Meta-analyses were conducted, and heterogeneity and publication bias were examined. Thirty-nine relevant studies were finally included, recruiting 2255 GDM and 3846 control pregnant women. Leptin levels were significantly higher in GDM participants than in controls (SMD = 0.57, 95%CI = 0.19 to 0.94; p < 0.001). Subgroup meta-analysis did not evidence significant differences in leptin in the different trimesters of pregnancy. Meta-regression showed a positive significant relationship for HOMA in the GDM group (p = 0.05). According to these results, it seems that high levels of leptin can be used as predictive markers in GDM. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Pregnancy Complications and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease Later in Life: A Nationwide Cohort Study; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to investigate the associations between pregnancy complications and cardiovascular mortality and hospitalizations of cardiovascular disease (CVD) after adjustment for major confounding. METHODS AND RESULTS: In a nationwide register-based cohort study, women with singleton births between 1973 and 2014 were included from the Swedish Medical Birth Register. Outcomes of mortality and hospitalizations of CVD were collected from the Cause of Death Register and the National Inpatient Register. The cohort was followed from the date of the first delivery until death or end of follow-up, whichever occurred first. The pregnancy complications studied were preeclampsia or eclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, small for gestational age, and stillbirth. Among the 2 134 239 women (mean age at first pregnancy, 27.0 [SD, 5.1] and mean parity 1.96 [SD, 0.9]), 19.1% (N=407 597) had 1 of the studied pregnancy complications. All pregnancy complications were associated with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality and hospitalization for CVD (ischemic heart disease, ischemic stroke, and peripheral artery disease) after adjustment for major confounding in a Cox proportional hazard regression model. The adjusted hazard ratio for cardiovascular mortality was 1.84 (95% CI, 1.38– 2.44) for preterm birth and 3.14 (95% CI, 1.81– 5.44) for stillbirth. CONCLUSIONS: In this large cohort study, pregnancy complications were associated with all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality, and hospitalizations for CVD, also after adjusting for confounding, including overweight, smoking, and comorbidi-ties. The study highlights that less established pregnancy complications such as preterm birth and stillbirth are also associated with cardiovascular mortality and CVD. © 2022 The Authors.
Pregnancy Complications Lead to Subclinical Maternal Heart Dysfunction—The Importance and Benefits of Follow-Up Using Speckle Tracking Echocardiography; Pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are frequent and influence not only fetal outcomes but also the maternal cardiac function. GDM and HDP may act as a proxy for increased metabolic and cardiovascular risk later in life. Speckle tracking echocardiography (STE) is a relatively new imaging technique that provides more sensitive assessment than conventional echocardiography of the maternal cardiac function. Recent research suggests that STE can be used during pregnancy and postpartum as a useful method of early detection of subclinical maternal cardiac changes related to pregnancy complications, such as GDM and HDP, and as an indicator for future maternal cardiovascular disorders. The aim of this review was to underline the current value of STE in the follow-up protocol of high-risk pregnant women, as a mean for pre-and postpartum monitoring. A review of the literature was conducted in the PubMed database to select relevant articles regarding the association of STE changes and HDP or GDM in the prenatal and postpartum maternal evaluations. Both GDM and HDP are associated with subtle myocardial changes in shape, size and function; these preclinical cardiac changes, often missed by conventional evaluation, can be detected using STE. Left ventricular global circumferential strain might be an important predictor of maternal cardiovascular disorders and might help to define a high-risk group that requires regular monitoring later in life and timely intervention. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Integrating polygenic risk scores in the prediction of type 2 diabetes risk and subtypes in British Pakistanis and Bangladeshis: A population-based cohort study; Background Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is highly prevalent in British South Asians, yet they are underrepresented in research. Genes & Health (G&H) is a large, population study of British Pakistanis and Bangladeshis (BPB) comprising genomic and routine health data. We assessed the extent to which genetic risk for T2D is shared between BPB and European populations (EUR). We then investigated whether the integration of a polygenic risk score (PRS) for T2D with an existing risk tool (QDiabetes) could improve prediction of incident disease and the characterisation of disease subtypes. Methods and findings In this observational cohort study, we assessed whether common genetic loci associated with T2D in EUR individuals were replicated in 22,490 BPB individuals in G&H. We replicated fewer loci in G&H (n = 76/338, 22%) than would be expected given power if all EUR-ascertained loci were transferable (n = 101, 30%; p = 0.001). Of the 27 transferable loci that were powered to interrogate this, only 9 showed evidence of shared causal variants. We constructed a T2D PRS and combined it with a clinical risk instrument (QDiabetes) in a novel, integrated risk tool (IRT) to assess risk of incident diabetes. To assess model performance, we compared categorical net reclassification index (NRI) versus QDiabetes alone. In 13,648 patients free from T2D followed up for 10 years, NRI was 3.2% for IRT versus QDiabetes (95% confidence interval (CI): 2.0% to 4.4%). IRT performed best in reclassification of individuals aged less than 40 years deemed low risk by QDiabetes alone (NRI 5.6%, 95% CI 3.6% to 7.6%), who tended to be free from comorbidities and slim. After adjustment for QDiabetes score, PRS was independently associated with progression to T2D after gestational diabetes (hazard ratio (HR) per SD of PRS 1.23, 95% CI 1.05 to 1.42, p = 0.028). Using cluster analysis of clinical features at diabetes diagnosis, we replicated previously reported disease subgroups, including Mild Age-Related, Mild Obesity-related, and Insulin-Resistant Diabetes, and showed that PRS distribution differs between subgroups (p = 0.002). Integrating PRS in this cluster analysis revealed a Probable Severe Insulin Deficient Diabetes (pSIDD) subgroup, despite the absence of clinical measures of insulin secretion or resistance. We also observed differences in rates of progression to micro- and macrovascular complications between subgroups after adjustment for confounders. Study limitations include the absence of an external replication cohort and the potential biases arising from missing or incorrect routine health data. Conclusions Our analysis of the transferability of T2D loci between EUR and BPB indicates the need for larger, multiancestry studies to better characterise the genetic contribution to disease and its varied aetiology. We show that a T2D PRS optimised for this high-risk BPB population has potential clinical application in BPB, improving the identification of T2D risk (especially in the young) on top of an established clinical risk algorithm and aiding identification of subgroups at diagnosis, which may help future efforts to stratify care and treatment of the disease. Copyright: © 2022 Hodgson et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Racial Disparities in Prevalence of Gestational Diabetes by Maternal Nativity and Length of US Residence in an Urban Low-Income Population in the United States; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Racial/ethnic differences in GDM prevalence have been described, but disparities by nativity and duration of US residence are not well studied. Methods: We analyzed data from 6088 women (mean age: 27.5 years [standard deviation: 6.3 years]) from the Boston Birth Cohort who self-identified as non-Hispanic Black (NHB; n = 2697), Hispanic (n = 2395), or non-Hispanic White (NHW; n = 996). Using multivariable logistic regression, we examined the cross-sectional association of nativity and duration of US residence (< 10 vs ≥ 10 years) with GDM within each race/ethnicity group. Results: Foreign-born NHB, NHW, and Hispanic women with a duration of US residence of < 10 years had a lower prevalence of CVD risk factors than those with US residence of ≥ 10 years, respectively, as follows: smoking (NHB: 1.7% vs 3.1%; NHW: 5.7% vs 8.1%; Hispanic: 0.4% vs 2.6%); obesity (NHB: 17.1% vs 23.4%; NHW: 3.8% vs 15.6%; Hispanic: 10.9% vs 22.7%); and severe stress (NHB: 8.7% vs 11.9%; NHW: 5.7% vs 28.1%; Hispanic: 3.8% vs 7.3%). In analyses adjusting for sociodemographic characteristics and CVD risk factors, foreign-born NHB women with a duration of US residence of < 10 years had higher odds of having GDM (adjusted odds ratio: 1.60, 95% confidence interval: 0.99-2.60), compared with their US-born counterparts, whereas foreign-born Hispanic women with a duration of US residence of < 10 years had lower odds of having GDM (adjusted odds ratio: 0.54, 95% confidence interval: 0.32-0.91). The odds of having GDM in Hispanic and NHB women with a duration of US residence of ≥ 10 years were not significantly different from those of their US-born counterparts. Conclusions: The “healthy immigrant effect” and its waning with longer duration of US residence apply to the prevalence of GDM among Hispanic women but not NHB women. Further research on the intersectionality of race and nativity-based disparities is needed. © 2022 The Authors
The etiology of preeclampsia; Preeclampsia is one of the “great obstetrical syndromes” in which multiple and sometimes overlapping pathologic processes activate a common pathway consisting of endothelial cell activation, intravascular inflammation, and syncytiotrophoblast stress. This article reviews the potential etiologies of preeclampsia. The role of uteroplacental ischemia is well-established on the basis of a solid body of clinical and experimental evidence. A causal role for microorganisms has gained recognition through the realization that periodontal disease and maternal gut dysbiosis are linked to atherosclerosis, thus possibly to a subset of patients with preeclampsia. The recent reports indicating that SARS-CoV-2 infection might be causally linked to preeclampsia are reviewed along with the potential mechanisms involved. Particular etiologic factors, such as the breakdown of maternal-fetal immune tolerance (thought to account for the excess of preeclampsia in primipaternity and egg donation), may operate, in part, through uteroplacental ischemia, whereas other factors such as placental aging may operate largely through syncytiotrophoblast stress. This article also examines the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity with preeclampsia. The role of autoimmunity, fetal diseases, and endocrine disorders is discussed. A greater understanding of the etiologic factors of preeclampsia is essential to improve treatment and prevention. © 2021
Obesity and Pregnancy; The prevalence of obesity as a worldwide epidemic has increased dramatically over the past two decades. Obesity before and during pregnancy is associated with fertility problems and numerous maternal and perinatal risks such as pregnancy loss, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), urinary tract infections, dysfunctional labor, preterm premature rupture of membranes, preterm delivery, and post term birth. Postpartum issues include longer hospital stays, infection (wound, episiotomy, and endometritis), and venous thromboembolism. Some obese individuals have more difficulty initiating and maintaining lactation, partly because of the complications and their effect on a good start to breastfeeding. Specifically, overweight/obese individuals have a lower prolactin response to suckling in the first week postpartum, which may contribute to early lactation failure. This chapter discusses history, physical examination, diagnostic units, management, and patient education for obesity and pregnancy. © 2023 Springer Publishing Company, LLC.
Impact of maternal diabetes exposure on soluble adhesion molecules in the offspring; Background and aims: Soluble adhesion molecules are associated with cardiovascular disease and increased in individuals with diabetes. This study assesses the impact of diabetes exposure in utero on the abundance of circulating adhesion molecules in cord serum and soluble adhesion molecules released from human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) exposed to high glucose concentrations. Methods and results: Women with and without diabetes were recruited. DM was diagnosed based on the American Diabetes Association criteria. Primary cultures of HUVEC were cultured in 5 mM and 25 mM glucose with 25 mM mannitol osmotic control. The soluble adhesion molecules, intracellular adhesion molecule (ICAM), vascular cell adhesion molecule (VCAM) and E-selectin were measured by ELISA in the cord blood serum and conditioned HUVEC media. The mothers with DM were older with higher BMI (p = 0.027 and 0.008, respectively). In a fully adjusted model, VCAM was significantly increased in the cord serum of infants born to mothers with diabetes (p = 0.046), but ICAM and E-selectin were not different. ICAM was also significantly correlated with maternal HbA1c (r2 = 0.16, p = 0.004) and cord serum non-esterified fatty acids (r2 = 0.08, p = 0.013). From the HUVEC media, the abundance of adhesion molecules was not different based on DM or high glucose exposure; however, VCAM abundance in the HUVEC supernatant was significantly correlated with ICAM (r2 = 0.27, p = 0.010) and cord serum c-peptide (R2 = 0.19, p = 0.043). Conclusions: Alterations in soluble adhesion molecule abundance in infants exposed to the diabetic milieu of pregnancy may reflect early alterations in vascular function predicting future cardiovascular disease. © 2022 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University
The Epidemiology and Mechanisms of Lifetime Cardiopulmonary Morbidities Associated With Pre-Pregnancy Obesity and Excessive Gestational Weight Gain; Obesity has reached pandemic proportions in the last few decades. The global increase in obesity has contributed to an increase in the number of pregnant women with pre-pregnancy obesity or with excessive gestational weight gain. Obesity during pregnancy is associated with higher incidence of maternal co-morbidities such as gestational diabetes and hypertension. Both obesity during pregnancy and its associated complications are not only associated with immediate adverse outcomes for the mother and their newborns during the perinatal period but, more importantly, are linked with long-term morbidities in the offsprings. Neonates born to women with obesity are at higher risk for cardiac complications including cardiac malformations, and non-structural cardiac issues such as changes in the microvasculature, e.g., elevated systolic blood pressure, and overt systemic hypertension. Pulmonary diseases associated with maternal obesity include respiratory distress syndrome, asthma during childhood and adolescence, and adulthood diseases, such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Sequelae of short-term complications compound long-term outcomes such as long-term obesity, hypertension later in life, and metabolic complications including insulin resistance and dyslipidemia. Multiple mechanisms have been proposed to explain these adverse outcomes and are related to the emerging knowledge of pathophysiology of obesity in adults. The best investigated ones include the role of obesity-mediated metabolic alterations and systemic inflammation. There is emerging evidence linking metabolic and immune derangements to altered biome, and alteration in epigenetics as one of the intermediary mechanisms underlying the adverse outcomes. These are initiated as part of fetal adaptation to obesity during pregnancy which are compounded by rapid weight gain during infancy and early childhood, a known complication of obesity during pregnancy. This newer evidence points toward the role of specific nutrients and changes in biome that may potentially modify the adverse outcomes observed in the offsprings of women with obesity. Copyright © 2022 Rastogi and Rastogi.
Deacetylation of Caveolin-1 by Sirt6 induces autophagy and retards high glucose-stimulated LDL transcytosis and atherosclerosis formation; Background: Atherosclerosis (AS) is the basis of diabetic macrovascular complications. The plasma low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particles transcytosis across endothelial cells (ECs) and deposition under the endothelium is the initiation step of AS. We previously reported that high glucose inhibits the autophagic degradation of Caveolin-1 and promote LDL transcytosis across ECs, which in turn accelerates atherosclerotic progression. Since Sirt6 is a chromatin-associated protein with deacetylation activity, whether it can regulate Caveolin-1 acetylation and regulating the autophagic degradation of Caveolin-1 remains elusive. Methods: Autophagy and histone acetylation were assessed in the umbilical cords of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) by immunohistochemistry. An in vitro model of LDL transcytosis was established, and the role of Sirt6 in LDL transcytosis across endothelial cells was clarified. The effect of Sirt6 on the autophagic degradation of Caveolin-1 under hyperglycemic conditions was explored in a streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic AS model established using the ApoE−/− mice. Results: Caveolin-1 and acetylated histone H3 levels were significantly increased, while LC3B and Sirt6 were downregulated in the monolayer of the vascular wall from GDM and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients. Immunoprecipitation assays showed that Sirt6 interacts with Caveolin-1 and specifically mediated its acetylation levels. Immuno-electron microscopy (EM) further indicated that Sirt6 overexpression triggered the autophagic lysosomal degradation of Caveolin-1. ECs-specific overexpression of Sirt6 by adeno-associated viral vector serotype 9 (AAV9) induced autophagy, reduced Caveolin-1 expression, and ameliorated atherosclerotic plaque formation in STZ-induced diabetic ApoE−/− mice. Conclusion: Sirt6-mediated acetylation of Caveolin-1 activates its autophagic degradation and inhibits high glucose-stimulated LDL transcytosis. Thus, the Sirt6/Caveolin-1 autophagic pathway plays a crucial role in diabetic AS, and the overexpression or activation of Sirt6 is a novel therapeutic strategy. © 2022 The Authors
Predictive values of clinical data,molecular biomarkers, and echocardiographic measurements in preterm infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia; Objective: We aimed to use molecular biomarkers and clinical data and echocardiograms that were collected during admission to predict bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) in preterm infants with gestational age ≤32 weeks. Methods: Eighty-two patients (40 with BPD, BPD group and 42 healthy as controls, non-BPD group) admitted to the Department of Neonatology of the Children's Hospital of Soochow University between October 1, 2018, and February 29, 2020, were enrolled in this study at the tertiary hospital. Basic clinical data on the perinatal period, echocardiographic measurements, and molecular biomarkers (N-terminal-pro-B-brain natriuretic peptide, NT-proBNP) were collected. We used multiple logistic regression analysis to establish an early predictive model for detecting BPD development in preterm infants of gestational age ≤32 weeks. We also used a receiver operating characteristic curve to assess the sensitivity and speciﬁcity of the model. Results: No significant differences were found between the BPD and non-BPD groups in terms of sex, birth weight, gestational age, incidence of asphyxia, maternal age, gravidity, parity, mode of delivery, premature rupture of membranes >18 h, use of prenatal hormones, placental abruption, gestational diabetes mellitus, amniotic fluid contamination, prenatal infections, and maternal diseases. The use of caffeine, albumin, gamma globulin; ventilation; days of FiO2 ≥ 40%; oxygen inhalation time; red blood cell suspension infusion volume (ml/kg); and proportion of infants who received total enteral nutrition (120 kcal/kg.d) ≥24 d after birth were higher in the BPD group than in the non-BPD group. The levels of hemoglobin, hematocrit, and albumin in the BPD group were significantly lower than those in the non-BPD group. The total calorie intake was significantly lower in the BPD group on the 3rd, 7th, and 14th day after birth than in the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). The incidence rates of patent ductus arteriosus (PDA), pulmonary hypertension, and tricuspid regurgitation were significantly higher in the BPD group than in the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). The serum level of NT-proBNP 24 h after birth was significantly higher in the BPD group than in the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). Serum NT-proBNP levels were significantly higher in infants with severe BPD than in those with mild or moderate BPD (P < 0.05). Conclusion: As there were various risk factors for BPD, a combining clinical data, molecular biomarkers, and echocardiogram measurements can be valuable in predicting the BPD. The tricuspid regurgitation flow rate (m/s), NT-proBNP (pg/ml), ventilator-associated pneumonia, days of FiO2 ≥ 40% (d), red blood cell suspension infusion volume (ml/kg), and proportion of infants who received total enteral nutrition (120 kcal/kg.d) ≥24 d after birth were the most practical factors considered for designing an appropriate model for predicting the risk of BPD. 2023 Wang, Yan, Wu, Geng, Zhu and Zhu.
Diabetes Mellitus: A Biopsychosocial Perspective; In this article the bio-medical and psychological aspects of diabetes mellitus and their interactions are reviewed. Main types of diabetes are distinguished, all characterized by elevated blood glucose levels (hyperglycemia) and related health risks, but with different risk factors, age of onset, clinical features and treatment requirements. The cognitive, emotional and behavioral ramifications of living with and self-managing diabetes are reviewed, along with psychological co-morbidities. There is a clear need for integrating psychological assessment and support into diabetes care, with an important role for diabetes health professionals as well as clinical health psychologists and other mental health workers. The article concludes with some future directions for behavioral research in diabetes. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved
Cardiac Troponin T in Neonates from Normal and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Pregnancy; This study is aimed at testing the hypothesis that serum analysis of high-sensitivity troponin T in neonates may serve as a diagnostic tool to predict the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). 86 newborns were studied and stratified into two groups: healthy group; newborns with body weight≥10th percentile, born in good condition (APG 8-10pts) of pregnancy not complicated by diabetes, and the GDM group; neonates born to mothers with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. Results. The study revealed minimal troponin levels in GDM, and healthy groups equal to 0.02 ng/mL and 0.028 ng/mL, respectively. The GDM group is defined by an interquartile range of hs-TnT higher than the healthy group. This study confirms previously reported upper levels of troponin in healthy children. There are possible health problems that can appear during infancy and influence the further development of a child affected by GDM.  © 2022 Joanna Kłaczewska and Ryszard Tomasiuk.
Pregnancy outcome in women with transfused beta-thalassemia in France; Because of chronic anemia, hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, and iron chelation, pregnancy in homozygous and heterozygous compound beta-thalassemia patients stays a challenge. Pregnancies of transfused beta-thalassemia women registered in the French National Registry, conducted between 1995 and 2015, are described. These pregnancies were compared with pregnancies in healthy women and to data previously published in the literature. Fifty-six pregnancies of 37 women were studied. There were 5 twin pregnancies. Assisted reproductive technologies (ART) were used in 9 pregnancies. Median term at delivery was 39 amenorrhea weeks, and median weight at birth was 2780 g. Cesarean section was performed in 53.6% of the pregnancies. There were 6 thromboembolic events, 6 serious infections, 6 pregnancy-induced hypertensions (PIH), 6 intrauterine growth retardations (IUGR), 5 severe hemorrhages, 4 gestational diabetes, 3 alloimmunizations, 2 heart diseases, and 1 pre-eclampsia. There were 5 infections and 4 osteoporosis in the first year of post-partum. ART and cesarean sections were more often used in the beta-thalassemia group, compared to control subjects. Thromboembolic events, PIH, hemorrhage at delivery, and IUGR were more frequent in the beta-thalassemia group. Time to delivery was not different, but infant weight at birth was significantly smaller in the beta-thalassemia group. In the post-partum period, global maternal complications were more frequent in the beta-thalassemia group. Pregnancy in transfused beta-thalassemia women is safe with rare obstetrical and fetal complications. Cesarean section remains often chosen, and infant weight at birth remains smaller than that in the general population, despite delivery at full term. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Polycystic ovary syndrome and metabolic disorders: A review of the literature; Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common female endocrinopathies and is a leading cause of infertility. The syndrome derives its name from the pathological appearance of the ovary in women with menstrual irregularities and hyperandrogenism. Its symptoms appear as early as adolescence in the form of amenorrhea, hirsutism and obesity. The majority of patients are overweight, obese or of normal weight, but metabolically obese. The prevalence of PCOS is on the increase and is associated with a significantly higher risk of various metabolic disorders including cardiovascular disease (CVD), Type2 diabetes (T2DM), gestational diabetes, hypercholesterolemia and different types of cancer, including endometrial and possibly ovarian cancer, especially if associated with hyperinsulinaemia. In contrast, in women with PCOS who have normal insulin levels, it is likely that genetics, inflammation, oxidative stress and possible interaction with environmental factors are present that link these women to metabolic disorders. The mechanism of PCOS is not well understood and this review aims to provide a detailed description of the mechanism underlying the development of PCOS and associated metabolic disorders with a full description of all possible scenarios associating PCOS to metabolic disorders, as well as an epidemiological overview regarding the relationship between these metabolic disorders and PCOS. (Afr J Reprod Health 2022; 26[8]: 89-99). © 2022, Women's Health and Action Research Centre. All rights reserved.
Stillbirth, potentially preventable cases: an Italian retrospective study; Objective. The reduction in the global burden of child mortality is one of the Millennium developmental goals of the World of Health Organization (WHO). Understanding the pathophysiology underlying every single stillbirth case will allow the achievement of the WHO goal by implementing specific interventions. The aim of the study was to examine stillbirth cases occurred from 2012 to 2020 in a single tertiary obstetric care unit in Italy. Materials and Methods. Stillbirths were identified by the hospital electronic archive system. Pre-pregnancy/pregnancy related risk factors and post-mortem examinations were recorded. Results. A total of 53 stillbirth cases out of 19115 deliveries occurred in the study period (overall 2.77 cases every 1000 live births). The most frequent pre-pregnancy risk factors associated to events were maternal overweight/obesity (50.9%), nulliparity (49%), inherited coagulation disorders (26.4%) and sub clinical hypothyroidism (11.3%). The most common pregnancy related risk factors were growth restriction (56.6%), gestational diabetes mellitus (15%), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (9.4%) and cord knot (7.5%). Among the 53 cases, 12 would have been potentially preventable with a better antenatal care (22.6%), seven of these occurred at a gestational age equal or more that 39 weeks of gestation. A significant drop in stillbirth incidence has been documented from 2019 (3.17 cases every 1000 live births before 2019 versus 1.19 cases every 1000 live births from 2019, respectively (p = 0.039)), when, a protocol for induction of labor specific for each pre-pregnancy and pregnancy related risk factors has been introduced in clinical practice. Conclusions. A significant proportion of stillbirth cases are potentially preventable with a better antenatal care. © 2022, EDRA S.p.A. All rights reserved.
Fetal cerebral three-dimensional power Doppler vascularization indices and their relationships with maternal glucose levels in pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes; Objectives: We aimed to evaluate fetal cerebral circulation using three-dimensional power Doppler (3DPD) vascular indices and to study their relationships with maternal lipid and glycaemic profiles. Methods: Case–control study in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) at 28–32 weeks in which feto-maternal Doppler study and 3DPD cerebral vascularization indices (FI, VI and VFI) were determined. Maternal lipid and glycaemic profiles were also analysed. Both groups were compared and the correlations of the 3DPD indices with studied variables were analysed. Results: There were significant differences between groups in cerebral FI (p= 0.02), mean maternal Uterine artery PI (p= 0.009) and glucose levels (p= 0.001), being higher in the GDM group. Significant negative correlations were found in GDM group between VFI and MCA PI (p = 0.02) and between VI and MCA PI (p= 0.01). In the GDM group we found a negative significant correlation between FI, VI, VFI and maternal glucose (r= −0.52, p<0.001; r= −0.32, p=0.03 and r= −0.36, p= 0.01, respectively). Conclusions: Fetal cerebral FI values were higher in GDM pregnancies. All 3DPD vascular indices showed an inverse correlation with maternal glucose levels. These findings support the view that GDM may also represent a fetal vascular disorder influencing fetal neurodevelopment. © The Author(s) 2022.
Relationship between Ultra-Processed Food Consumption and Risk of Diabetes Mellitus: A Mini-Review; Studying the factors that cause diabetes and conducting clinical trials has become a priority, particularly raising awareness of the dangers of the disease and how to overcome it. Diet habits are one of the most important risks that must be understood and carefully applied to reduce the risk of diabetes. Nowadays, consuming enough home-cooked food has become a challenge, particularly with modern life performance, pushing people to use processed foods. Ultra-processed food (UPF) consumption has grown dramatically over the last few decades worldwide. This growth is accompanied by the increasing prevalence of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) such as cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes. UPFs represent three main health concerns: (i) they are generally high in non-nutritive compounds such as sugars, sodium, and trans fat and low in nutritional compounds such as proteins and fibers, (ii) they contain different types of additives that may cause severe health issues, and (iii) they are presented in packages made of synthetic materials that may also cause undesirable health side-effects. The association between the consumption of UPF and the risk of developing diabetes was discussed in this review. The high consumption of UPF, almost more than 10% of the diet proportion, could increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes in adult individuals. In addition, UPF may slightly increase the risk of developing gestational diabetes. Further efforts are needed to confirm this association; studies such as randomized clinical trials and prospective cohorts in different populations and settings are highly recommended. Moreover, massive improvement in foods’ dietary guidelines to increase the awareness of UPF and their health concerns is highly recommended. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Interventions to Mitigate Risk of Cardiovascular Disease after Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes: A Review; Importance: A growing body of evidence suggests that adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes (GD), preterm birth, and intrauterine growth restriction, are associated with increased risk of cardiometabolic disease and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. Adverse pregnancy outcomes may therefore represent an opportunity to intervene to prevent or delay onset of CVD. The objective of this review was to summarize the current evidence for targeted postpartum interventions and strategies to reduce CVD risk in women with a history of APOs. Observations: A search of PubMed and Ovid for English-language randomized clinical trials, cohort studies, descriptive studies, and guidelines published from January 1, 2000, to April 30, 2021, was performed. Four broad categories of interventions were identified: transitional clinics, lifestyle interventions, pharmacotherapy, and patient and clinician education. Observational studies suggest that postpartum transitional clinics identify women who are at elevated risk for CVD and may aid in the transition to longitudinal primary care. Lifestyle interventions to increase physical activity and improve diet quality may help reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes in women with prior GD; less is known about women with other prior APOs. Metformin hydrochloride may prevent development of type 2 diabetes in women with prior GD. Evidence is lacking in regard to specific pharmacotherapies after other APOs. Cardiovascular guidelines endorse using a history of APOs to refine CVD risk assessment and guide statin prescription for primary prevention in women with intermediate calculated 10-year CVD risk. Research suggests a low level of awareness of the link between APOs and CVD among both patients and clinicians. Conclusions and Relevance: These findings suggest that transitional clinics, lifestyle intervention, targeted pharmacotherapy, and clinician and patient education represent promising strategies for improving postpartum maternal cardiometabolic health in women with APOs; further research is needed to develop and rigorously evaluate these interventions. Future efforts should focus on strategies to increase maternal postpartum follow-up, improve accessibility to interventions across diverse racial and cultural groups, expand awareness of sex-specific CVD risk factors, and define evidence-based precision prevention strategies for this high-risk population. © 2022 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Maternal weight and gestational diabetes impacts on child health; Purpose of reviewTo review recent evidence linking maternal body mass index and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with offspring health outcomes.Recent findingsIt is now established that the rising prevalences of maternal obesity and GDM are both making substantial contributions to the growing burden of childhood obesity and associated disorders. Strengthening evidence also links maternal obesity with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, lower respiratory tract infections during infancy, wheezing illnesses, asthma and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder during childhood, and with higher risks of psychiatric disorders and colorectal cancer in adulthood. GDM has been associated with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, childhood wheeze/asthma (but not allergic sensitization), and with high refractive error, attention deficit hyperactivity and psychiatric disorders from childhood onwards.SummaryThe long-term consequences of maternal obesity and GDM for the offspring in childhood and later adult life present major challenges for public health across the life course and for future generations. Tackling these challenges requires a systems-based approach to support achieving a healthy weight in young people prior to conception, alongside new insights into population based preventive measures against gestational diabetes. © 2022 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
The impact of short-term hyperglycemia and obesity on biventricular and biatrial myocardial function assessed by speckle tracking echocardiography in a population of women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background and aims: To compare biventricular and biatrial myocardial strain indices assessed by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography (2D-STE) in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and those with uncomplicated pregnancy at the third trimester of pregnancy and in post-partum. Methods and results: 30 consecutive GDM women and 30 age-, ethnicity- and gestational week-matched controls without any comorbidity were examined in this prospective case–control study. All women underwent obstetric visit, blood tests and transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) implemented with 2D-STE analysis of all cardiac chambers at 36–38 weeks’ gestation. TTE and 2D-STE were repeated at 6–10 weeks after delivery. At 36–38 weeks’ gestation, GDM women, compared to controls, had significantly higher body mass index (BMI), blood pressure values and inflammatory markers. TTE showed increased left ventricular (LV) mass and impaired LV diastolic function in GDM women, whereas there was no significant difference between the groups in ejection fraction. 2D-STE revealed that biventricular global longitudinal strain (GLS) and biatrial reservoir strain indices were significantly lower in GDM women than controls. Third trimester BMI was inversely correlated with LV-GLS (r = −0.86) and was independently associated with reduced LV-GLS (less negative than −20%) in GDM women in post-partum (OR 1.81, 95%CI 1.14–2.89). A BMI value ≥ 30 kg/m2 had 100% sensitivity and 99.5% specificity for identifying GDM women with impaired LV-GLS in post-partum (AUC = 0.97). Conclusion: Women with GDM, compared to women with uncomplicated pregnancy, have significantly lower biventricular and biatrial myocardial deformation indices. These abnormalities may be persistent in post-partum in GDM women with obesity. © 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University
COVID-19 and Perinatal Stress Experience- A Study Conducted as Part of the COVGEN Initiative; Introduction During the COVID-19 pandemic, stress and anxiety in the population increased due to concerns about people's own health and that of their relatives, as well as changes in everyday life due to measures taken to reduce the infection rate. Pregnant women are particularly stressed. The present study examines how the COVID-19 pandemic affects the stress experience and mental health of pregnant women and mothers of newborns and how care could be optimized. Methods As part of the international COVGEN initiative (https://www.covgen.org) to investigate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the peripartum period, pregnant and postpartum women were asked about their experience with stress using the COPE-IS (Coronavirus Perinatal Experiences-Impact Survey) questionnaire developed for this purpose and translated from the English. In addition, demographic data, pre-existing diseases, pregnancy complications and the care situation were recorded. The questionnaire was either administered as hardcopy to inpatients at the Department of Women's Health, University Hospital Tübingen, Germany, or online. All pregnant women and mothers who were pregnant or had given birth after the official start of the COVID-19 pandemic (11 March 2020) were eligible to participate. Results Complete data sets of n = 156 pregnant women and n = 221 postpartum women were available for evaluation. The general stress level assessed with the COPE-IS was significantly increased by the COVID-19 pandemic in both, pregnant and postpartum women, with pre-existing conditions such as respiratory diseases and pregnancy-related diseases like gestational diabetes adding to the stress. The subjectively perceived quality of care/support during pregnancy also influenced the stress level. Conclusions Fears of a COVID-19 infection and changes in preventive and aftercare services were a burden for the women surveyed. Intensified care during pregnancy and puerperium could help to stabilize the mental situation and reduce stress. © 2022 Georg Thieme Verlag. All rights reserved.
Lifestyle behaviors and cardiovascular risk profiles among parous women by gestational diabetes status, 2007–2018; Background and aims: Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at elevated risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. We compared cardiometabolic risk factors among parous U.S. women ages 20–44 by history of GDM. Methods and results: Using data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) from 2007 to 2018, 3537 parous women were classified by self-reported GDM history. We compared anthropometric measures, glycemia, blood pressure, lipids, lifestyle factors, cardiovascular health, and cardiometabolic disease prevalence by GDM status. NHANES survey design was taken into account. Women without history of GDM were younger and, after adjusting for age, race/ethnicity, and education, had more favorable cardiometabolic risk factor profiles for measures of anthropometry, glycemia, diabetes, many lipids, physical activity, diet, and overall cardiovascular health than women with history of GDM. Many patterns persisted after further adjustment for lifestyle factors. In analyses stratified by race/ethnicity, many patterns persisted, though there were key differences. Hypertension prevalence differed by GDM history only among Hispanic women. In women of other race/ethnicity, there was no difference in healthy eating or body mass index by GDM history. In non-Hispanic Black women, there was no difference in healthy eating by GDM history. Conclusion: Among parous U.S. women ages 20–44, those with history of GDM had less favorable cardiometabolic risk factor profiles than those without history of GDM. This highlights the importance of continued efforts to develop and test multilevel interventions to improve cardiometabolic risk factors among reproductive-age women with a history of GDM. © 2022 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University
Is there a difference in placental pathology in pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes A2 versus gestational diabetes A1, versus one abnormal value, on 100 gr glucose tolerance test?; Introduction: The objective of the study was to investigate pregnancy outcome and placental pathology lesions among patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) versus patients with one abnormal value (OAV), in the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Methods: A prospective study was performed from 2016 to 2019. All participants performed an OGTT between 24 and 28 weeks. Included patients who delivered at term (>37 weeks) with the diagnosis of GDMA2 (treated with insulin), GDMA1 (controlled with diet) and those with OAV. Maternal characteristics, pregnancy outcomes, and placental histopathology reports were compared between the GDMA2, GDMA1, and OAV groups. Placental lesions were classified according to “Amsterdam” criteria to maternal and fetal vascular malperfusion (MVM, FVM) lesions, and inflammatory lesions. Results: The GDMA2 group (n = 59) was characterized by higher maternal BMI (p < 0.001), increased rate of chronic hypertension (p < 0.01), cesarean delivery (CD) (p < 0.001), adverse neonatal outcomes (p < 0.001) and prolonged hospitalization (p < 0.001) as compared to the GDMA1 (n = 73) and the OAV group (n = 124). Average placental weight in the GDMA2 group were higher (p = 0.004). There were no between groups differences in the rate of placental MVM or inflammatory lesions. The OAV and GDMA1 groups were characterized by an increased rate of FVM lesions, as compared to the GDMA2 group (p = 0.02). Discussion: GDMA2 is associated with increased rate of CD and adverse neonatal outcome. The similar rate of placental MVM lesions among the study groups, and the increased rate of FVM lesions observed among the OAV group, implies of impaired placental function among the OAV group as in GDM pregnancies. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The Relationship between Obesity and Pre-Eclampsia: Incidental Risks and Identification of Potential Biomarkers for Pre-Eclampsia; Obesity has been steadily increasing over the past decade in the US and worldwide. Since 1975, the prevalence of obesity has increased by 2% per decade, unabated despite new and more stringent guidelines set by WHO, CDC, and other public health organizations. Likewise, maternal obesity has also increased worldwide over the past several years. In the United States, pre-pregnancy rates have increased proportionally across all racial groups. Obesity during pregnancy has been directly linked to obstetric complications including gestational diabetes, HTN, hematomas, preeclampsia, and congenital defects. In the particular case of pre-eclampsia, the incidence rate across the globe is 2.16%, but the condition accounts for 30% of maternal deaths, and a robust body of evidence underscored the relationship between obesity and pre-eclampsia. More recently, attention has focused on the identification of reliable biomarkers predictive of an elevated risk for pre-eclampsia. The aim of this literature review is to elucidate the relationship between obesity and these predictive biomarkers for future prediction and prevention of pre-eclampsia condition in women at risk. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Health Care-Related Economic Burden of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome in the United States: Pregnancy-Related and Long-Term Health Consequences; Context: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder of reproductive-aged women, affecting approximately 5% to 20% of women of reproductive age. The economic burden of PCOS was previously estimated at approximately $3.7 billion annually in 2020 USD when considering only the costs of the initial diagnosis and of reproductive endocrine morbidities, without considering the costs of pregnancy-related and long-term morbidities. Objective: This study aimed to estimate the excess prevalence and economic burden of pregnancy-related and long-term health morbidities attributable to PCOS. Methods: PubMed, EmBase, and Cochrane Library were searched, and studies were selected in which the diagnosis of PCOS was consistent with the Rotterdam, National Institutes of Health, or Androgen Excess and PCOS Society criteria, or that used electronic medical record diagnosis codes, or diagnosis based on histopathologic sampling. Studies that included an outcome of interest and a control group of non-PCOS patients who were matched or controlled for body mass index were included. Two investigators working independently extracted data on study characteristics and outcomes. Data were pooled using random effects meta-analysis. The I2 statistic was used to assess inter-study heterogeneity. The quality of selected studies was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Results: The additional total healthcare-related economic burden of PCOS due to pregnancy-related and long-term morbidities in the United States is estimated to be $4.3 billion annually in 2020 USD. Conclusion: Together with our prior analysis, the economic burden of PCOS is estimated at $8 billion annually in 2020 USD.  © 2021 The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Stacking Ensemble Method for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Prediction in Chinese Pregnant Women: A Prospective Cohort Study; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is closely related to adverse pregnancy outcomes and other diseases. Early intervention in pregnant women who are at high risk of developing GDM could help prevent adverse health consequences. The study aims to develop a simple model using the stacking ensemble method to predict GDM for women in the first trimester based on easily available factors. We used the data from the Chinese Pregnant Women Cohort Study from July 2017 to November 2018. A total of 6,848 pregnant women in the first trimester were included in the analysis. Logistic regression (LR), random forest (RF), and extreme gradient boosting (XGBoost) were considered as base learners. Optimal feature subsets for each learner were chosen by using recursive feature elimination cross-validation. Then, we built a pipeline to process imbalance data, tune hyperparameters, and evaluate model performance. The learners with the best hyperparameters were employed in the first layer of the proposed stacking method. Their predictions were obtained using optimal feature subsets and served as meta-learner's inputs. Another LR was used as a meta-learner to obtain the final prediction results. Accuracy, specificity, error rate, and other metrics were calculated to evaluate the performance of the models. A paired samples t-test was performed to compare the model performance. In total, 967 (14.12%) women developed GDM. For base learners, the RF model had the highest accuracy (0.638 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.628-0.648)) and specificity (0.683 (0.669-0.698)) and lowest error rate (0.362 (0.352-0.372)). The stacking method effectively improved the accuracy (0.666 (95% CI 0.663-0.670)) and specificity (0.725 (0.721-0.729)) and decreased the error rate (0.333 (0.330-0.337)). The differences in the performance between the stacking method and RF were statistically significant. Our proposed stacking method based on easily available factors has better performance than other learners such as RF.  © 2022 Ruiyi Liu et al.
Usefulness of second trimester left ventricular global longitudinal strain for predicting adverse maternal outcome in pregnant women aged 35 years or older; The present study was primarily designed to accurately determine biventricular and biatrial myocardial function, assessed by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography (2D-STE), in a prospective cohort of pregnant women aged ≥ 35 years, at the second trimester of pregnancy. Secondly, we aimed at investigating the main independent predictors of adverse maternal outcome (AMO) in the same study population. 80 consecutive pregnant women aged ≥ 35 years, 80 gestational week-matched (18.4 ± 1.6 vs 18.5 ± 1.8 weeks, p = 0.71) pregnant women aged < 35 years and 80 non-pregnant women aged ≥ 35 years without any comorbidity were included in this prospective study. All pregnant women underwent obstetric evaluation, modified Haller index (MHI) assessment and a conventional two-dimensional transthoracic echocardiography implemented with complete 2D-STE analysis of both ventricles and atria at the second trimester of pregnancy. AMO was defined as the occurrence of any of the following: gestational hypertension (GH) including preeclampsia; gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); preterm delivery (PD); emergency caesarean section (ECS); postpartum haemorrhage (PPH); premature rupture of membranes (PROM); maternal death. Compared to younger pregnant women, pregnant women aged ≥ 35 years were more likely to be found with: (1) body mass index (BMI) ≥ 30 kg/m2 (37.5% of total); (2) significantly increased inflammatory markers; (3) significantly greater left ventricular mass index; (4) significantly impaired hemodynamics; (5) significantly reduced bi-atrial and bi-ventricular myocardial strain parameters, despite normal ejection fraction. A strong inverse correlation between second trimester BMI and left ventricular (LV)-global longitudinal strain (GLS) (r = − 0.84) and between second trimester MHI and LV-GLS (r = − 0.81) was demonstrated in pregnant women aged ≥ 35 years. GH, GDM, PD, ECS, PPH and PROM were detected in 15%, 12.5%, 10%, 8.7%, 8.7% and 7.5% of women, respectively. Age (OR 2.04, 95% CI 1.46–2.84), second trimester BMI (OR 2.40, 95% CI 1.64–3.51) and second trimester LV-GLS (OR 0.07, 95%C I 0.01–0.34) were independently associated with outcome. Age ≥ 37 years, BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2 and LV-GLS less negative than − 18% were the best cut-off values for predicting AMO. A LV-GLS less negative than − 18% allows to identify, among older pregnant women, those with an increased risk of AMO. Both intrinsic myocardial dysfunction and extrinsic compressive mechanical phenomena might affect global myocardial deformation during gestation. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Diabetic Ketoacidosis Masquerading as Rupture Uterus; Aim: To report a case of a pregnant patient with unconsciousness who was presented with features of obstetric hemorrhage but was diagnosed with diabetes ketoacidosis. Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus can cause many complications. Of these, diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) is one. The clinical features of DKA include nausea, vomiting, mild abdominal discomfort, tachycardia, elevated random blood sugars, despite a normal or near normal HbA1c, and presence of urinary ketones. Case description: G2P1L1 with 28 weeks period of gestation who presented clinically similar to abruptio placenta, underwent cesarean section, but had coexisting DKA. Conclusion: When a patient presents with unconsciousness, the tendency of an obstetrician is to consider an obstetric diagnosis, whereas a coexisting metabolic condition which should not be neglected. © The Author(s).
Detecting abnormal placental microvascular flow in maternal and fetal diseases based on flow-compensated and non-compensated intravoxel incoherent motion imaging; Introduction: Intravoxel Incoherent Motion (IVIM) imaging has been used to assess placental microcirculatory flows. We proposed a joint analysis of flow-compensated (FC) and non-compensated (NC) diffusion MRI to estimate the fraction and velocity of ballistic microcirculatory flow (fb and vb), and evaluated the diagnostic performance of the new markers in maternal and fetal disorders. Methods: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM, n = 15) pregnancies and fetal growth restriction (FGR, n = 12), along with gestational age matched normal controls (n = 19 for GDM and 15 for FGR) underwent FC and NC-encoded IVIM scans at 1.5 T. fb and vb obtained from a FC-NC joint model, along with the conventional IVIM indices, were compared between patient groups for whole-placenta and maternal/fetal sides of the placenta. A linear support vector machine (SVM) was used to classify the GDM, FGR and controls. Results: vb of whole-placenta were significantly lower in both GDM (p = 0.017) and FGR (p = 0.043), compared with their controls, and the differences were more evident in the fetal side (p = 0.010 for GDM and p = 0.042 for FGR). fb and fFC showed group differences in the fetal side and DFC showed differences in whole-placenta for GDM patients. In the classification task, vb showed the highest diagnostic accuracy of 70.6% for GDM and 63.0% for FGR, and the combination of fb and vb further improved the detection accuracy to 73.5% and 66.7% for GDM and FGR, respectively. Discussion: vb showed superior performance in the diagnosis of GDM and FGR, indicating the potential of the joint FC-NC IVIM method for placenta examinations. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Maternal and Gestational Risk Factors of Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia; Background and Aim: The incidence of congenital diaphrag-matic hernias (CDHs) is high in the Maltese islands, but lit-tle is known about their association with maternal risk factors. A nationwide study in a country where abortion is still illegal allowed access to more data. This study was conducted to shed light on the possible risk factors in the development of CDH. Materials and Methods: This population-based, retrospective study assessed the data of CDH cases from 1993 to 2016, which were collected from the Directorate of Health Information and Research (Malta). χ2 test was done to examine the associations between the cases and controls. Results: Between 1993 and 2016, 55 cases of CDH were reported. The cases made up 0.0644% of the total births during that period. Advanced maternal age was more likely in CDH cases (P = .01). In 18.2% of the neonates with CDH, the birth weight was 1500 to 2499 g, while only 6.2% of the control group neonates had a birth weight in this range (P < .001). There was no statistically significant association between CDH (54.5%) and the neonates’ sex (50.9%) (P = .404) and CDH (3.6%) and plural births (1.3%) (P = .333). Conclusions: CDH was found to be associated with advanced maternal age and low birth weight. Also, CDH increases the risk of other congenital anomalies. © 2022, Himalaya Wellness Company. All rights reserved.
Obstetrical Monitoring; In most healthcare systems, women with diabetes in pregnancy are offered more intensive antenatal care, as this condition has adverse pregnancy outcomes. In particular, an association of preexisting diabetes with increased congenital defects and stillbirth rates has been identified. In contrast, poor glycemic control, even in gestational diabetes mellitus, has been correlated with increased risk for macrosomia and shoulder dystocia during delivery. Therefore, intensive obstetrical monitoring, including a multidisciplinary approach and more scheduled scans, are considered appropriate elements of diabetic pregnant women’s care. At a minimum, the care for pregnancies complicated by diabetes would include an early viability scan, followed by a nuchal translucency and an anomaly scan, along with fetal echocardiography by an expert in cases with preexisting diabetes. Individualized fetal surveillance with a combination of cardiotocography, ultrasound, biophysical profile, and fetal movements assessment is recommended during the third trimester. Despite the great progress made in the management of diabetic pregnant women during the past decades, there is still limited evidence on the optimal frequency and method of fetal monitoring. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2022.
Clinical Value of Echo-Tracking in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background Vascular endothelial function plays an essential role in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pathogenesis. Vascular elasticity is evaluated by the echo-tracking (ET) technique. In this study, we aimed to assess the clinical value of the ET technique in women with GDM and provide a basis for early evaluation and prevention of gestational diabetes. Methods Sixty-five patients with GDM and 65 gestational week-matched normal glucose tolerance pregnant women were enrolled in this study. The endothelial function parameters of pressure-strain elasticity coefficient (EP), the common carotid stiffness index (β), arterial compliance (AC), single-point pulsed-wave velocity (PWVβ), and augment index (AI) of bilateral common carotid arteries, were compared between the GDM and control groups by using ET technique. The correlations between plasma glucose levels and ET parameters were also analyzed. Results Our results indicated that EP, β, PWVβ, and AI were significantly higher in the GDM group (p<0.05), whereas AC was significantly lower in patients with GDM than in the control group (p<0.001). In addition, fasting plasma glucose and plasma glucose level after 2 h oral glucose tolerance test was correlated with ET parameters of EP, β, PWVβ, AI, and AC. Conclusions The application of ET technology to gestational diabetes women could provide a basis for early evaluation and prevention of gestational diabetes. It would detect early and accurate signs of diabetes in pregnant women and provide a timely and reasonable clinical treatment plan to reduce and delay the occurrence of complications. © 2022 Georg Thieme Verlag. All rights reserved.
Delivery, Intrapartum Management, and Puerperium; Gestational and pre-existing diabetes require specific management during parturition to prevent fetal acidemia and neonatal hypoglycemia. Moreover, regarding the timing of delivery, the increased risk of stillbirth and shoulder dystocia should be balanced against the risk of neonatal lung immaturity when delivered too early and the possibility of cesarean section, because of failed induction of labor. A cesarean section should be offered according to regular obstetric indications, except for cases of excessively macrosomic fetuses. Management of preterm labor is the same as for non-diabetic women, but the administration of betamimetics should be avoided. A multi-disciplinary approach by a maternal-fetal medicine specialist and an endocrinologist should be adopted during the intrapartum period. For cases with pre-existing diabetes, the delivery should take place in a tertiary-care center with continuous intrapartum fetal heart rate monitoring. Obstetric management should be accompanied by regular evaluation of maternal blood glucose levels to prevent adverse neonatal outcomes. During the puerperium, breastfeeding should be encouraged, and appropriate family planning and long-term screening should be offered to all women. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2022.
Prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome in Women After Maternal Complications of Pregnancy: An Observational Cohort Analysis; Introduction: Certain complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, intrauterine growth restriction, spontaneous preterm birth, and placental abruption, are established independent risk factors for premature cardiovascular disease in women. Metabolic syndrome, which is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, may be a suitable alternative to traditional cardiovascular risk calculators that underestimate risk in young women. This study aimed to investigate the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in women who experienced a complicated pregnancy 6 months earlier. Methods: This observational study investigated the prevalence of metabolic syndrome as defined by the International Diabetes Federation in all eligible participants (n = 247) attending a postpartum lifestyle intervention clinic from August 2018 to June 2021 at the Lyell McEwin Hospital in Adelaide, South Australia. Results: A total of 89 (36%) participants met the criteria for metabolic syndrome at a mean follow up time of 7 months postpartum. Almost 90% of the cohort were abdominally obese, and over two thirds of the total cohort met at least two of the criteria for metabolic syndrome. Conclusions: Women with a prior history of one of the common major pregnancy complications are at high risk of future cardiovascular and metabolic disease, with many showing either metabolic syndrome or multiple risk factors at only 7 months postpartum. The results indicate that follow-up within 1 year postpartum is an appropriate time to commence preventative strategies, as many women are already showing early signs of disease. Copyright © 2022 Aldridge, Pathirana, Wittwer, Sierp, Leemaqz, Roberts, Dekker and Arstall.
Perinatal Complications in Individuals in California with or Without SARS-CoV-2 Infection during Pregnancy; Importance: Additional research from population-based studies is needed to inform the treatment of SARS-CoV-2 infection during pregnancy and to provide health risk information to pregnant individuals. Objective: To assess the risk of perinatal complications associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection and to describe factors associated with hospitalizations. Design, Setting, and Participants: This population-based cohort study included 43886 pregnant individuals with longitudinal electronic health record data from preconception to delivery who delivered at Kaiser Permanente Northern California between March 1, 2020, and March 16, 2021. Individuals with diagnostic codes for COVID-19 that did not have a confirmatory polymerase chain reaction test for SARS-CoV-2 were excluded. Exposures: SARS-CoV-2 infection detected by polymerase chain reaction test (from 30 days before conception to 7 days after delivery) as a time varying exposure. Main Outcomes and Measures: Severe maternal morbidity including 21 conditions (eg, acute myocardial infarction, acute renal failure, acute respiratory distress syndrome, and sepsis) that occurred at any time during pregnancy or delivery; preterm birth; pregnancy hypertensive disorders; gestational diabetes; venous thromboembolism (VTE); stillbirth; cesarean delivery; and newborn birth weight and respiratory conditions. Standardized mean differences between individuals with and without SARS-CoV-2 were calculated. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to estimate the hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs for the association between SARS-CoV-2 infection and perinatal complications and hospitalization and to consider the timing of SARS-CoV-2 infection relative to outcomes. Results: In this study of 43 886 pregnant individuals (mean [SD] age, 30.7 [5.2] years), individuals with a SARS-CoV-2 infection (1332 [3.0%]) were more likely to be younger, Hispanic, multiparous individuals with a higher neighborhood deprivation index and obesity or chronic hypertension. After adjusting for demographic characteristics, comorbidities, and smoking status, individuals with SARS-CoV-2 infection had higher risk for severe maternal morbidity (HR, 2.45; 95% CI, 1.91-3.13), preterm birth (<37 weeks; HR, 2.08; 95% CI, 1.75-2.47), and VTE (HR, 3.08; 95% CI, 1.09-8.74) than individuals without SARS-CoV-2. SARS-CoV-2 infection was also associated with increased risk of medically indicated preterm birth (HR, 2.56; 95% CI, 2.06-3.19); spontaneous preterm birth (HR, 1.61; 95% CI, 1.22-2.13); and early (HR, 2.52; 95% CI, 1.49-4.24), moderate (HR, 2.18; 95% CI, 1.25-3.80), and late (HR, 1.95; 95% CI, 1.61-2.37) preterm birth. Among individuals with SARS-CoV-2 infection, 76 (5.7%) had a hospitalization; pregestational diabetes (HR, 7.03; 95% CI, 2.22-22.2) and Asian or Pacific Islander (HR, 2.33; 95% CI, 1.06-5.11) and Black (HR, 3.14; 95% CI, 1.24-7.93) race and ethnicity were associated with an increased risk of hospitalization. Conclusions and Relevance: In this cohort study, SARS-CoV-2 infection was associated with increased risk of severe maternal morbidity, preterm birth, and VTE. The study findings inform clinicians and patients about the risk of perinatal complications associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection in pregnancy and support vaccination of pregnant individuals and those planning conception.. © 2022 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Shedding Light on the Pathophysiology of Preeclampsia-Syndrome in the Era of Cardio-Obstetrics: Role of Inflammation and Endothelial Dysfunction; Background: Preeclampsia (PE) is a pregnancy complication with serious maternal and neonatal consequences worldwide. Our understanding of PE pathophysiology has significantly evolved over the last decades by recognizing that endothelial dysfunction and systemic inflammation, with an associated angiogenic imbalance, are key pieces of this incomplete puzzle. In the present era, where no single treatment to cure or treat this obstetric condition has been developed so far, PE prevention and early prediction are the most useful clinical approach to reduce the PE burden. Introduction: Although most PE episodes occur in healthy nulliparous women, the identification of specific clinical conditions that increase the risk of PE dramatically provides a critical opportunity to improve outcomes by acting on potentially reversible factors, and also contributes to better understand this pathophysiologic enigma. Methods: Pertinent studies were searched in PubMed/Medline and Google Scholar (updated August 2020) using common keywords applied in the field of preeclampsia, inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. Given the design of this work as a narrative review, no formal criteria for study selection or appraisal were utilized. Conclusion: In this review, we highlight major clinical contributors of PE and shed light on their potential link with endothelial dysfunction and inflammation. © 2022 Bentham Science Publishers.
Influence of maternal obesity on human trophoblast differentiation: The role of mitochondrial status; Maternal obesity is associated with complications of pregnancy and increases the infant's risk of developing obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. The placenta has an important role in determining the pregnancy outcome, and the syncytiotrophoblast (ST) is the main component of the placenta that supports the relationship between the mother and fetus. The differentiation of the cytotrophoblast (CT) into the ST is accompanied by changes in mitochondrial functions and dynamics. The objective of the present study was to investigate the effects of maternal obesity (without gestational diabetes) on the in vitro differentiation capacities of human CT isolated from term placenta by focusing on mitochondrial status. We found that, during human CT differentiation process, maternal obesity is associated with (i) a lower progesterone secretion, (ii) a transient impairment in the ST's fusion potential (via syncytin-2 and its receptor), (iii) a lower mitochondrial content, and (iv) weaker mRNA expression of oestrogen-related receptor-gamma (a key mitobiogenesis gene). Moreover, maternal obesity altered the time course of ATP and reactive oxygen species production throughout CT differentiation. The mitochondrial dysfunctions observed in isolated human CTs of obese women might explain the observed decrease in progesterone production. Our results demonstrated that obesity in pregnancy is associated with a functional impairment of the ST which might alter the foetal-maternal dialogue. © 2022 Society for Biology of Reproduction & the Institute of Animal Reproduction and Food Research of Polish Academy of Sciences in Olsztyn
A novel smartphone app to change risk behaviors of women after gestational diabetes: A randomized controlled trial; Aims Women after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are a risk group for cardiometabolic diseases but are hard to reach by conventional lifestyle programs. Therefore, we tested whether a novel, smartphone-delivered intervention, TRIANGLE, is accepted by women after GDM and alters cardiometabolic risk behaviors and outcomes. TRIANGLE targets gradual habit change of mind and emotion, physical activity, nutrition, and sleep. Methods We conducted a 6-month multicenter, randomized-controlled trial of TRIANGLE versus standard care with 66 women 3–18 months after GDM in Germany. The primary outcome was the proportion of women achieving ≥3 out of 5 Diabetes Prevention Program goals, i.e. physical activity ≥150 min/week (moderate to high intensity), fiber intake ≥15 g/1,000 kcal, fat intake <30% of total energy intake, saturated fat intake <10% of total energy intake, and weight reduction ≥5% if BMI ≥23 kg/m2 or weight maintenance if BMI <23 kg/m2. Intervention participants also rated the TRIANGLE app in the Mobile Application Rating Scale (uMARS). Results In the predefined, modified intention-to-treat analysis including 64 women, 6 out of 27 women in the intervention group [22%(10–40)] and 3 out of 27 women in the control group [11%(3–27)] reached the primary outcome (p = 0.47). In the predefined per-protocol intervention subgroup, the proportion was 4 out of 14 women [29%(11–55); p = 0.20 vs. control]. TRIANGLE app users were active on 42% of days and rated the app’s quality and perceived impact with 4.3±0.8 out of 5 uMARS points. Conclusions This first trial did not show the efficacy of the TRIANGLE intervention. However, the app was well accepted and considered helpful by most users. Therefore, this trial supports further development and testing of TRIANGLE and other app interventions for women after GDM. Additionally, it identifies necessary adaptations in trial design to better accommodate non-intensive lifestyle interventions for this target group. Trial registration Trial registration at drks.de (DRKS00012996). © 2022 Potzel et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Maternal and Fetal Effects of COVID-19 Virus on a Complicated Triplet Pregnancy: a Case Report; Background: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVLD-19), the global pandemic that has spread throughout the world, is caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Given the limited scientific evidence on the manifestations and potential impact of this virus on pregnancy, we decided to report this case. Case presentation: The patient was a 38 year-old Iranian woman with a triplet pregnancy and a history of primary infertility, as well as hypothyroidism and gestational diabetes. She was hospitalized at 29 weeks and 2 days gestational age due to elevated liver enzymes, and finally, based on a probable diagnosis of gestational cholestasis, she was treated with ursodeoxycholic acid. On the first day of hospitalization, sonography was performed, which showed that biophysical scores and amniotic fluid were normal in all three fetuses, with normal Doppler findings in two fetuses and increased umbilical artery resistance (pulsatility index [PI] > 95%) in one fetus. On day 4 of hospitalization, she developed fever, cough and myalgia, and her COVID-19 test was positive. Despite mild maternal symptoms, exacerbated placental insufficiency occurred in two of the fetuses leading to the rapid development of absent umbilical artery end-diastolic flow. Finally, 6 days later, the patient underwent cesarean section due to rapid exacerbation of placental insufficiency and declining biophysical score in two of the fetuses. Nasopharyngeal swab COVID-19 tests were negative for the first and third babies and positive for the second baby. The first and third babies died 3 and 13 days after birth, respectively, due to collapsed white lung and sepsis. The second baby was discharged in good general condition. The mother was discharged 3 days after cesarean section. She had no fever at the time of discharge and was also in good general condition. Conclusions: This was a complicated triplet pregnancy, in which, after maternal infection with COVID-19, despite mild maternal symptoms, exacerbated placental insufficiency occurred in two of the fetuses, and the third fetus had a positive COVID-19 test after birth. Therefore, in cases of pregnancy with COVID-19 infection, in addition to managing the mother, it seems that physicians would be wise to also give special attention to the possibility of acute placental insufficiency and subsequent fetal hypoxia, and also the probability of vertical transmission. © 2022 Goldstein and Associates. All rights reserved.
Association of gestational diabetes mellitus with overall and type specific cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases: systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: To quantify the risk of overall and type specific cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases as well as venous thromboembolism in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. Design: Systematic review and meta-analyses. Data sources: PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library from inception to 1 November 2021 and updated on 26 May 2022. Review methods: Observational studies reporting the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and incident cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases were eligible. Data, pooled by random effects models, are presented as risk ratios (95% confidence intervals). Certainty of evidence was appraised by the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluations. Results: 15 studies rated as moderate or serious risk of bias were included. Of 513 324 women with gestational diabetes mellitus, 9507 had cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease. Of more than eight million control women without gestational diabetes, 78 895 had cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease. Compared with women without gestational diabetes mellitus, women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus showed a 45% increased risk of overall cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases (risk ratio 1.45, 95% confidence interval 1.36 to 1.53), 72% for cardiovascular diseases (1.72, 1.40 to 2.11), and 40% for cerebrovascular diseases (1.40, 1.29 to 1.51). Women with gestational diabetes mellitus showed increased risks of incident coronary artery diseases (1.40, 1.18 to 1.65), myocardial infarction (1.74, 1.37 to 2.20), heart failure (1.62, 1.29 to 2.05), angina pectoris (2.27, 1.79 to 2.87), cardiovascular procedures (1.87, 1.34 to 2.62), stroke (1.45, 1.29 to 1.63), and ischaemic stroke (1.49, 1.29 to 1.71). The risk of venous thromboembolism was observed to increase by 28% in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (1.28, 1.13 to 1.46). Subgroup analyses of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease outcomes stratified by study characteristics and adjustments showed significant differences by region (P=0.078), study design (P=0.02), source of data (P=0.005), and study quality (P=0.04), adjustment for smoking (P=0.03), body mass index (P=0.01), and socioeconomic status (P=0.006), and comorbidities (P=0.05). The risk of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases was, however, attenuated but remained significant when restricted to women who did not develop subsequent overt diabetes (all gestational diabetes mellitus: 1.45, 1.33 to 1.59, gestational diabetes mellitus without subsequent diabetes: 1.09, 1.06 to 1.13). Certainty of evidence was judged as low or very low quality. Conclusions: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with increased risks of overall and type specific cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases that cannot be solely attributed to conventional cardiovascular risk factors or subsequent diabetes.  © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Pregnancy-associated spontaneous coronary artery dissection: Multidisciplinary management, challenges and literature review; A 30-year-old woman in her second pregnancy, which was complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus. She had an uneventful spontaneous vaginal delivery at 38 weeks+3 days of gestation. Day 1 postpartum, she developed sudden chest pain radiating to her jaw and neck. Her observations were normal, and ECG showed lateral ST elevation in keeping with acute myocardial infarction. The troponin-T level was elevated at 21 ng/L at 0 hour, and >10 000 ng/L at 12 hours, respectively. Coronary angiography confirmed spontaneous dissection of the proximal left anterior descending (LAD) and proximal circumflex coronary arteries. She became unstable during percutaneous coronary intervention and consequently had a successful coronary artery bypass surgery with left saphenous vein grafts to the first obtuse marginal artery and LAD. Echocardiogram revealed moderate to severe impairment of the left ventricular function postoperatively.  © BMJ Publishing Group Limited 2021. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis; This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to synthesize evidence on conventional cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors among women with previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM). The review protocol is registered with PROSPERO (CRD42019118149). PubMed, CINAHL, SCOPUS, and EMBASE databases were searched. Studies reporting on CVD risk factors in women with previous GDM compared to women without previous GDM were selected. A total of 139 studies were eligible, of which 93 were included in the meta-analysis. Women with previous GDM have significantly higher systolic blood pressure (2.47 mmHg 95% CI 1.74 to 3.40, n = 48, 50,118 participants) diastolic blood pressure (1.89 mmHg 95% CI 1.32 to 2.46, n = 48, 49,495 participants), BMI (1.54 kg/m2 95% CI 1.32 to 2.46, n = 78, 255,308 participants), total cholesterol (0.26 SMD 95% CI 0.15 to 0.37, n = 48, 38,561 participants), LDL cholesterol (0.19 SMD 95% CI 0.08 to 0.30, n = 44, 16,980 participants), triglycerides (0.56 SMD 95% CI 0.42 to 0.70, n = 46, 13,175 participants), glucose (0.69 SMD 95% CI 0.56 to 0.81, n = 55, 127,900 participants), insulin (0.41 SMD 95% CI 0.23 to 0.59, n = 32, 8881 participants) and significantly lower HDL cholesterol (−0.28 SMD 95% CI −0.39 to −0.16, n = 56, 35,882 participants), compared to women without previous GDM. The increased blood pressure, total cholesterol, triglycerides and glucose are seen as early as <1 year post-partum.Women with previous GDM have a higher risk of CVD based on significant increases in conventional risk factors. Some risk factors are seen as early as <1 year post-partum. Women with GDM may benefit from early screening to identify modifiable CVD risk factors. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Evaluation of prenatal changes in fetal cardiac morphology and function in maternal diabetes mellitus using a novel fetal speckle-tracking analysis: a prospective cohort study; Background: Due to metabolic changes in the second trimester and the increasing number of pregnant women with obesity and advanced maternal age, the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains high. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of GDM on fetal cardiac morphology and function, and to determine whether these changes increase with increasing estimated fetal weight (EFW). Methods: Fifty-eight women with GDM (GDM group) and 58 women with a healthy pregnancy (control group) were included in this prospective observational cohort study. Each group included subgroups of 31 pregnant women with a gestational age between 24+0 weeks and 27+6 weeks as well as 27 pregnant women with a gestational age between 28+0 weeks and 40+0 weeks. For all fetuses, a cine of 2–3 s in the four-chamber view was obtained, and online speckle-tracking analysis was performed using the GE Automatic Fetal Heart Assessment Tool (fetal HQ; General Electric Healthcare Ultrasound, Zipf, Austria) to measure the global sphericity index (GSI), global longitudinal strain (GLS), fractional area change (FAC), 24-segment sphericity index (SI), and 24-segment end-diastolic diameter of the left ventricle (LV) and right ventricle (RV). Data were analyzed using the independent t-test and Wilcoxon rank-sum test, as applicable. Results: The GDM group (mean HbA1c value was 5.3 ± 0.57 mmol/L) showed a lower GSI value than the control group (1.21 vs. 1.27, P = 0.000), which indicated a rounder shape of the heart. In addition, fetuses in the GDM group demonstrated significant impairment in cardiac function compared to those in the control group (LV-GLS: -18.26% vs. -22.70%, RV-GLS: -18.52% vs. -22.74%, LV-FAC: 35.30% vs. 42.36%, RV-FAC: 30.89% vs. 36.80%; P = 0.000 for all). Subgroup analyses according to gestational age (24+0–27+6 weeks and 28+0–40+0 weeks) showed that the statistical differences were retained between the GDM and control groups in each subgroup. Conclusions: Fetuses of women with GDM present with signs of biventricular systolic dysfunction according to deformation analysis using fetal HQ. Additionally, the heart had a rounder shape in the GDM group than in the control group. This study showed that fetal HQ can be used to assess fetal cardiac morphology and function easily and quickly, and the effects of GDM on fetal cardiac morphology and function appeared from the second trimester. Thus, whether earlier and stricter clinical intervention was necessary remained to be further studied. Furthermore, future studies will need to supplement the effects of blood glucose levels on GLS, FAC, GSI, and 24-segment SI. Additionally, the long-term follow-up after birth should also be improved to observe the influence of changes in the indicators on the prognosis. © 2021, The Author(s).
UHPLC-MS/MS-Based Metabolomics and Clinical Phenotypes Analysis Reveal Broad-Scale Perturbations in Early Pregnancy Related to Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disturbance during pregnancy, with adverse effects on both mother and fetus. The establishment of early diagnosis and risk assessment model is of great significance for preventing and reducing adverse outcomes of GDM. In this study, the broad-scale perturbations related to GDM were explored through the integration analysis of metabolic and clinical phenotypes. Maternal serum samples from the first trimester were collected for targeted metabolomics analysis by using ultra-high performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (UHPLC-MS/MS). Statistical analysis was conducted based on the levels of the 184 metabolites and 76 clinical indicators from GDM women (n =60) and matched healthy controls (n =90). Metabolomics analysis revealed the down-regulation of fatty acid oxidation in the first trimester of GDM women, which was supposed to be related to the low serum level of dehydroepiandrosterone.While the significantly altered clinical phenotypes were mainly related to the increased risk of cardiovascular disease, abnormal iron metabolism, and inflammation. A phenotype panel established from the significantly changed serum indicators can be used for the early prediction of GDM, with the area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve (ROC) 0.83. High serum uric acid and C-reaction protein levels were risk factors for GDM independent of body mass indexes, with ORs 4.76 (95% CI: 2.08-10.90) and 3.10 (95% CI: 1.38-6.96), respectively. Predictive phenotype panel of GDM, together with the risk factors of GDM, will provide novel perspectives for the early clinical warning and diagnosis of GDM.  © 2022 Ting Hu et al.
Obstetric complications as a risk factor for coronary artery disease; Gestational complications such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and prematurity influence on cardiovascular risk and long-term adverse outcomes. Objective: To identify obstetric complications as a risk factor for coronary artery disease. Methods: A search was carried out in sources, both in Spanish and English, and databases such as Pubmed, Dialnet, SciELO, Scopus, national and international journals of high scientific impact such as those from the American Heart Association, American College of Cardiology, Journals of the American College of Cardiology and European Society of Cardiology, etc. Keywords were defined to search for obstetric complications as a risk factor for coronary artery disease. Articles published before 2011-2021 period were excluded. Fifty articles were consulted and 19 were selected for the review. Results: The aforementioned documents refer to the fact that gestational diabetes mellitus implies twice the risk of heart disease, which is why it is considered an emerging cardiovascular risk factor; preeclampsia is associated with a twofold increased risk of coronary artery disease, stroke, death, and a fourfold increased risk of future heart failure; preterm delivery is associated with an increase in future adverse maternal cardiovascular outcomes. Conclusions: Gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia and preterm birth increase the risk of coronary artery disease. © 2022, Cuban Society of Cardiology, Cuban Institute of Cardiology and Cardiovascular Surgery. All rights reserved.
Trends in and Maternal Outcomes of Delivery Hospitalizations of Patients with an Asthma Diagnosis; OBJECTIVE:To characterize asthma prevalence and outcomes during U.S. delivery hospitalizations.METHODS:For this repeated cross-sectional analysis, deliveries to women aged 15-54 years with asthma were identified in the 2000-2018 National Inpatient Sample, which approximates a 20% stratified sample of all hospitalizations nationally. Temporal trends in asthma were analyzed using joinpoint regression to estimate the average annual percent change with 95% CIs. The association of asthma with other comorbid conditions was analyzed. The relationship between asthma and several adverse maternal outcomes was analyzed with unadjusted and adjusted logistic regression models, with unadjusted odds ratios and adjusted odds ratios (aORs) as measures of effect. Risk for and trends in a composite of rare, but severe, respiratory complications also were analyzed.RESULTS:An estimated 73,109,790 delivery hospitalizations from 2000 to 2018 were included in the analysis, of which 2,221,644 (3.0%) had a diagnosis of asthma. (Unweighted, the study sample included 15,213,024 deliveries, of which 462,276 [3.0%] had a diagnosis of asthma.) Asthma diagnoses rose from 1.2% in 2000 to 5.3% in 2018, representing an average annual percent change of 8.3% (95% CI 7.4-9.2%). Asthma was more common among women with obesity and chronic hypertension. In adjusted analyses, asthma was associated with severe maternal morbidity (aOR 1.50, 95% CI 1.45-1.55), preeclampsia and gestational hypertension (aOR 1.29, 95% CI 1.26-1.30), postpartum hemorrhage (aOR 1.21, 95% CI 1.19-1.24), cesarean delivery (aOR 1.16, 95% CI 1.15-1.18), gestational diabetes (aOR 1.20, 95% CI 1.18-1.21), venous thromboembolism (aOR 1.79, 95% CI 1.65-1.95), and preterm delivery (aOR 1.27, 95% CI 1.25-1.29). From 2000 to 2018, severe respiratory complications decreased from 72 per 10,000 deliveries with asthma to 14 per 10,000 deliveries with asthma (average annual percent change-9.4%, 95% CI-13.3% to-5.3%). This decreasing risk was offset on a population level by an increase in the risk of asthma.CONCLUSION:Asthma is increasing during deliveries, is associated with adverse maternal outcomes, and is associated with comorbid conditions. Severe respiratory complications are decreasing proportionately among deliveries with asthma, but are stable on a population basis. © 2022 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Serum lipid levels in relation to clinical outcomes in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: an observational cohort study; Background: Research on dyslipidemia during pregnancy in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has rarely been conducted in Asia. The present study aimed to evaluate maternal mid-trimester lipid profile in relation to GDM and clinical outcomes in these high-risk populations. Methods: The medical records of 632 pregnant women in the second trimester were retrospectively analyzed. Maternal fasting serum lipids were assayed for total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), apolipoprotein A1 (Apo A1) and Apo B concentrations during the second trimester. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) was calculated as log (TG/HDL). The clinical outcomes were collected by evaluating delivery mode, postpartum hemorrhage, prematurity, macrosomia, birth weight, body length and neonatal Apgar 5 min score. Results: Levels of TG and AIP were elevated while decreased HDL-C was observed in women with GDM compared with that of the control group. Significant differences were observed in gestational weeks at birth, cesarean section, postpartum hemorrhage, birth weight, body length, prematurity and macrosomia between the two groups. Compared with women with hyperlipidemia, the incidence of GDM and cesarean section was lower in normal lipid group. Women in the hyperlipidemia group had smaller gestational weeks at birth than those in the control group. According to the logistic regression analysis, each unit elevation in AIP increased the risk of GDM by 18.48 times (OR = 18.48, CI: 2.38–143.22). Besides, age (OR = 1.11, CI: 1.06–1.16) and pre-pregnancy BMI (OR = 1.15, CI: 1.07–1.24) were the risk factors of GDM. Conclusions: These findings suggested that reasonable lipid control in the second trimester might reduce the incidence of GDM and be a potential strategy for improving clinical outcomes in these high-risk women. © 2021, The Author(s).
Increasing and standardizing quality of care using computerized guidelines for clinical decision support; In recent decades there has been strong orientation toward greater use of evidence-based medicine approaches and information technology in the provision of personalized healthcare services. The chapter introduces the use of clinical practice guidelines to increase the accessibility of scientific evidence to healthcare professionals and patients. It describes application frameworks and the life cycle of the creation of computerized guidelines to facilitate clinical decision support. Examples are focused on development of computerized guidelines for preeclampsia and heart failure that support automatic inference and patient-specific advice delivered at the point of care. In the preeclampsia scenario, assessments were made regarding the feasibility of application of formalized clinical guidelines, improvement of physician compliance with guidelines, and whether clinicians considered the framework for guidelines application helpful. The heart failure scenario demonstrated the modified knowledge acquisition methodology that resulted in formalized guideline with 167 recommendations for heart failure application in home care. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Long-Term Maternal Complications; Overt diabetes mellitus during pregnancy is associated with substantial adverse outcomes both for maternal and neonatal health. Women with gestational diabetes face an increased risk for future development of dysglycemia and cardiovascular disease, both related to serious comorbidities and reduced life expectancy. Strategies for long-term follow-up combined with lifestyle modification and pharmacological interventions aim to regulate specific cardiovascular factors and improve maternal outcomes. This chapter explores the long-term maternal complications in women with a history of gestational diabetes, reviews the current guidelines and recommendations for screening and interpretation of glucose monitoring, and outlines postpartum care strategies to prevent or delay the development of type 2 diabetes. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2022.
Macrosomia is a risk factor for incident maternal chronic kidney disease; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and macrosomia are associated with several adverse outcomes including diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular diseases, however, the relationship between GDM/macrosomia with incident chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a matter of debate. The purpose of this study was to examine the association between the history of macrosomia with or without GDM and incident maternal CKD. Methods: The study population includes 2669 women aged 18–50 years without known diabetes mellitus and CKD from participants of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study. The study population was categorized into 3 groups; group 1: GDM/macrosomia and without diabetes mellitus (n = 204), group 2: newly diagnosed incident diabetes mellitus (NDM) in the presence or abcence of GDM/Macrosomia (n = 113), and, group 3: the reference group including women without prior history of GDM/macrosomia and free of NDM (n = 2352). CKD was defined as an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) < 60 ml/min/1.73 m2. Multivariable Cox proportional hazard regression adjusted for baseline values of age, body mass index, waist circumference, parity numbers, smoking, educational level, gestational hypertension, eGFR, systolic and diastolic blood pressures (SBP and DBP, respectively), anti-hypertensive medication, and family history of diabetes mellitus was applied for data analyses. Results: During a median follow-up of 11.9 years, 613 incident CKD cases were identified. The multivariable hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) on GDM/macrosomia group was [1.32 (1.02–1.72)]; the risk was more prominent among non-hypertensive women [1.41 (1.07–1.85); P for interaction: 0.046]. Moreover, the history of macrosomia alone also showed a significant risk [1.36 (1.04–1.78)]; however, history of GDM alone did not have a significant risk [0.92 (0.34–2.46)]. Age, current smoking, eGFR, and SBP remained as independent risk factors for incident CKD. Conclusions: A history of GDM/macrosomia or macrosomia alone, independent of subsequent diabetes mellitus was associated with significant risk for incident maternal CKD. Pregnancy may provide a unique situation to identify high-risk women at risk for CKD that could benefit from regular monitoring of kidney function and providing risk modifying strategies. © 2021, The Author(s).
Detection of Cardiac Functions of Fetus with Diabetic Metabolic Disease through PEG-PCLNano Micelle and Ultrasound Technique; The study was to probe into the application of ultrasound technique in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and research the progress of PEG-PCL nano micelle and ultrasound technique. Method: 210 patients with a singleton pregnancy fetus, who received the fetal echocardiography in Yuhang District First People's Hospital from March 2019 to March 2020, were selected as the subjects, including 101 fetuses who were confirmed as gestational diabetes mellitus(GDM), and 109 normal fetuses (control group). The ultrasound cardiogram technique was employed to detect the thickness of the fetus ventricle septum, mitral/tricuspid annular displacement, left/right TEI indexes, and so on. The mean value of three cardiac cycles was taken as the test results. Finally, SPSS17.0 software was applied to the analysis of data. The nano micelle was made from the amphiphilic block copolymers (PEG-PCL) using the dialysis method/solvent evaporation method. The nanoscale ultrasound contrast agent was prepared from Decafluoropentane which was imaging gas. The characterizations were studied using the optical microscope, and transmission electron microscopy (TEM). The temperature sensitivity and ultrasound sensitivity of the nano-ultrasound contrast agent were analyzed with the particle size as the evaluation index. The in-vitro ultrasound contrast experiment was conducted to study the contrast-enhanced effect. Results: The fetal Tei index of the case group was higher than that of the control group, of which P<0.05 had statistical significance. However, the thickness of the fetus ventricle septum, Em, Am, and Em/Am of mitral/tricuspid annular were not significantly different from those of the control group (P>0.05). The nano ultrasonic contrast agent prepared through the ultrasonic injection method had a uniform particle size and a hollow shell-core structure under an electron projection microscope. The particle size of the nano-ultrasound contrast agent varied with temperature, and its microbubbles were generated under ultrasonic conditions. As compared with the blank degassed water group, a real linear echo appeared inside the contrast agent group, with small and even echo spots. The back echo remained with no obvious attenuation and lasted for a longer period. However, the blank degassed group had no distinct echo intensity and spot. Conclusion: PEG-PCL nano-ultrasound contrast agent achieved an excellent imaging effect; there was no obvious change to heart function and structure of the fetus, when gestational diabetes pregnant had blood sugar perfectly controlled, however, the fetus’s heart function may change in the last trimester. © 2022 by the C.M.B. Association. All rights reserved.
EFFECT OF AEROBIC EXERCISE ON LIMB MOTOR FUNCTION IN DIABETIC PATIENTS; Introduction: Gestational Diabetes is a group of metabolic disorders that result in glucose intolerance during pregnancy. Among the range of treatments are diet, continuous use of medication, and psychological monitoring. Since it is a multidisciplinary treatment, a proper protocol is vital for a favorable outcome. In addition, there are questions about the benefits of physical activity as a complementary therapy. Objective: To verify the impact of adding exercise to the hospital protocol for patients with gestational diabetes, both on the risks of type 2 diabetes in pregnant women and on the obesity of their offspring. Methods: Sixty pregnant women diagnosed with Gestational Diabetes were randomly divided into control and intervention groups. Both groups received specific treatment and intervention, and the experimental group practiced controlled moderate-intensity physical activity (125-146bpm). Morning blood samples were collected from both groups to check fasting glucose and insulin levels, indicators of lipid metabolism, low and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein B. The Brog scale measured the fatigue level. In addition, the premature rupture of membranes, postpartum hemorrhage, neonatal asphyxia, macrosomia, and others was checked. Results: The peripheral blood total cholesterol levels were 5.93, 5. 38, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were 2.95 before versus 2.64 after, and apolipoprotein B levels were 1.84 versus 1.59 in the control group, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol content increased from 1.74 to 1.88, blood cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B levels after the intervention in the experimental group were lower than those in the control group, with an elevation of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Conclusion: Aerobic exercise proved to be more appropriate for patients with gestational diabetes in the later stages of pregnancy and may also be adapted for bedridden patients refractory to traditional drugs. Evidence Level II; Therapeutic Studies-Investigating the result. © 2022, Redprint Editora Ltda. All rights reserved.
Experience in managing severe and extremely severe COVID-19 in pregnant women; BACKGROUND: In the context of the COVID-19 pandemic caused by the SARS-CoV-2 virus, viral pneumonia is the leading clinical form of coronavirus infection and a significant cause of maternal mortality. AIM: The aim of this study was to assess the course of severe and extremely severe forms of COVID-19, its impact on pregnancy and fetus, as well as on maternal mortality. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this retrospective study, we evaluated 39 case histories of patients with severe and extremely severe COVID-19, which were divided into two groups. Group 1 included 22 pregnant women with a severe course of coronavirus infection and a favorable outcome. Group 2 comprised 17 pregnant women in whom complications caused by SARS-CoV-2 were fatal. RESULTS: More than 80% of patients with severe disease course had anaemia in pregnancy. The most significant clinical and anamnestic factors of adverse outcome were gestational diabetes mellitus (p = 0.02), preeclampsia (p = 0.05), and oligoamnios (p = 0.01). Obesity in group 2 was twice more common. The clinical manifestations of the disease in the both study groups were dominated by fever, shortness of breath, weakness and dry cough. In patients with a fatal outcome at the height of the disease, the levels of leukocytosis, urea and lactate dehydrogenase were higher than in those who recovered (p = 0.05). Besides, the levels of alanine transferase and aspartate transaminase were twice as high as in pregnant women who recovered later. Patients in the both study groups required oxygen support as respiratory failure progressed. The vast majority of patients with severe and extremely severe forms of coronavirus infection were in the third trimester of pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: Women in the third trimester of pregnancy are more susceptible to severe and extremely severe COVID-19 with an unfavorable outcome. Gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia and oligoamnios are significant comorbidities that predispose to severe course and poor outcome in pregnant women and puerperas with COVID-19. The characteristic clinical manifestations of the severe course of coronavirus infection are shortness of breath and fever against a backdrop of significant damage to the lung tissue. A pronounced increase in hepatic enzymes and placental insufficiency is a harbinger of an unfavorable outcome as a manifestation of multiple organ failure. © 2022 by the authors.
Pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes among women with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) an evaluation of over 9 million deliveries; Objective: Evaluate the associations between irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes, using a population database cohort. Methods: We conducted a retrospective analysis utilizing the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample database over 11 years from 2004 to 2014. A delivery cohort was created using ICD-9 codes. ICD-9 code 564.1 was used to extract the cases of IBS. Pregnant women with IBS (study group) were compared to pregnant women without IBS (control). A multivariate logistic regression model was used to adjust for statistically significant variables (p value <.05). Results: There were a total of 9,096,788 deliveries during the study period. Of those, 8962 pregnant women were found to have IBS. The prevalence of IBS increased from 47.96 to 172.68 per 100,000 women during the study period. Compared to the control group, women with IBS were more likely to be Caucasian, older, have higher incomes and private insurance plans (p <.0001, in all cases). In addition, they were more likely to be obese, smokers, hypertensive, IVF pregnancies, have multiple gestations, thyroid disorders, chronic interstitial cystitis, fibromyalgia and have psychiatric disorders (p <.0001 in all cases). Women with IBS were more likely to experience pregnancy-induced hypertension (aOR 1.11, 95% CI 1.02–1.21), preeclampsia (aOR 1.23, 95% CI 1.09–1.38), deep venous thrombosis (aOR 2.26, 95% CI 1.12–4.57), and gestational diabetes (aOR 1.1, 95% CI 1.002–1.22) compared to the non-IBS group. Congenital anomalies were encountered in 1.7% of the IBS group compared to 0.4% in the control group (aOR 2.57, 95% CI 2.13–3.09). Conclusion: When controlling for confounding effects, IBS is associated with an increased risk for preeclampsia, DVT and increased risk for congenital malformation. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
The association of interleukin-6, interleukin-27, and body roundness index with gestational diabetes mellitus; We aimed to investigate the relationship between GDM and IL-27, IL-6, and body roundness index (BRI), a new anthropometric measurement more sensitive than BMI in identifying obesity and predicting cardiometabolic outcomes. We enrolled 80 patients, 40 pregnant women with GDM and 40 healthy pregnant women at midgestation. The women’s anthropometric measurements were recorded and serum markers and IL-6, IL-27 were analysed. At the time of delivery maternal, neonatal results were recorded. Women with GDM had significantly higher pregestational, midgestational and prepartum BMI and midgestational BRI; HOMA-IR; HbA1c; and IL-6 values and lower HDL values (p <.05). There was no statistically significant difference in IL-27 values between the groups (p =.939). In multivariate logistic regression analysis, HbA1c, IL-6 (>4.886 pg/mL), and BRI (>6.708) were found as independent risk factors associated with GDM (p <.05). Mean BRI was significantly associated with obesity (p <.001) and BRI higher than 6.708 was found to have 67.5% sensitivity and 80% specificity in the prediction of GDM. Women with GDM had elevated IL-6 levels, but no relationship was detected between IL-27 and GDM. BRI is a new anthropometric index that strongly correlated with BMI and seems to be a reliable alternative to BMI for the evaluation of obesity in GDM patients.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat’s already known on this subject? Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common systemic disease in pregnancy. The risk of GDM was 3 times higher in obese pregnant women compared to normal weighted patients. IL-6 is an adipose-derived cytokine that was found to be associated with GDM. The body roundness index (BRI) is a new sensitive anthropometric index for detecting obesity and its secondary cardiometabolic results. What do the results of this study add? Our results showed that BRI was strongly correlated with obesity in GDM patients. HbA1c, IL-6 and BRI were found as independent risk factors associated with GDM. IL 27, a cytokine associated with inflammatory diseases, was not associated with GDM. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? BRI could be a reliable alternative to BMI for the evaluation of obesity in pregnant women and predicting cardiometabolic outcomes. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Inflammation Markers in Infants of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes; Aim Pentraxin-3, high sensitive CRP (HsCRP) and adropin were investigated in cord blood of infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (IDM) to evaluate the exposure of fetus to inflammation and whether there is any correlation with clinical findings. Methods Forty IDM and forty three infants whose mother did not have diabetes were included in this prospective study. Adropin, pentraxin-3 and HsCRP levels were measured in the cord blood samples. Echocardiographic measurements were performed in the first three days of life. Results Adropin and pentraxine-3 levels were significantly lower and HsCRP levels were significantly higher in IDM group. Echocardiographic measurements of myocardial hypertrophy were negatively correlated with adropin. Conclusion Alterations in these markers in IDM supports the hypothesis of in utero fetal exposure to inflammation caused by gestational diabetes mellitus. Potentially, cord blood adropin might be used as a predictor for complications of diabetes. © 2021 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Pregnancy complications can foreshadow future disease—long-term outcomes of a complicated pregnancy; During gestation, the maternal body should increase its activity to fulfil the demands of the developing fetus as pregnancy progresses. Each maternal organ adapts in a unique manner and at a different time during pregnancy. In an organ or system that was already vulnerable before pregnancy, the burden of pregnancy can trigger overt clinical manifestations. After delivery, symptoms usually reside; however, in time, because of the age-related metabolic and pro-atherogenic changes, they reappear. Therefore, it is believed that pregnancy acts as a medical stress test for mothers. Pregnancy complications such as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus foreshadow cardiovascular disease and/or diabetes later in life. Affected women are encouraged to modify their lifestyle after birth by adjusting their diet and exercise habits. Blood pressure and plasmatic glucose level checking are recommended so that early therapeutic intervention can reduce long-term morbidity. Currently, the knowledge of the long-term consequences in women who have had pregnancy-related syndromes is still incomplete. A past obstetric history may, however, be useful in determining the risk of diseases later in life and allow timely intervention. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Paraganglioma presenting as hypertension during pregnancy, proteinuria, thrombocytosis, and diabetes mellitus: a case report; Background: Paraganglioma is a very rare cause of pregnancy-induced hypertension. The objective of this case report is to present a case of paraganglioma presented during pregnancy and missed. Later, the diagnosis was made during the postpartum period because of persistence of hypertension. Case presentation: Here, we describe the case of a patient with paraganglioma who initially presented with pregnancy-induced hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus. She had persistence of hypertension and diabetes mellitus following delivery with proteinuria, thrombocytosis, and spells. Once her pelvic paraganglioma was removed, her blood pressure and blood sugar were normal without antihypertensives or hypoglycemic agents, respectively. Her proteinuria settled with near-normal platelet counts. Conclusion: Although neuroendocrine tumors are a rare cause of pregnancy-induced hypertension, it should be suspected in the appropriate clinical setting. Diabetes mellitus, proteinuria, and thrombocytosis can be a clinical feature in paraganglioma. © 2021, The Author(s).
Planned pregnancy in kidney transplantation. A calculated risk; Pregnancy is not contraindicated in kidney transplant women but entails risks of maternal and fetal complications. Three main conditions can influence the outcome of pregnancy in transplant women: preconception counseling, maternal medical management, and correct use of drugs to prevent fetal toxicity. Preconception counseling is needed to prevent the risks of an unplanned untimely pregnancy. Pregnancy should be planned ≥2 years after transplantation. The candidate for pregnancy should have normal blood pressure, stable serum creatinine <1.5 mg/dL, and protein-uria <500 mg/24 h. Maternal medical management is critical for early detection and treatment of complications such as hypertension, preeclampsia, thrombotic microangiopathy, graft dysfunction, gestational diabetes, and infection. These adverse outcomes are strongly related to the degree of kidney dysfunction. A major issue is represented by the potential fetotoxicity of drugs. Moderate doses of glucocorticoids, azathioprine, and mTOR inhibitors are relatively safe. Calcineurin inhibitors (CNIs) are not associated with teratogenicity but may increase the risk of low birth weight. Rituximab and eculizumab should be used in pregnancy only if the benefits outweigh the risk for the fetus. Renin–angiotensin system inhibitors, mycophenolate, bortezomib, and cyclophosphamide can lead to fetal toxicity and should not be prescribed to pregnant women. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy: dilemma in diagnosis and management; Objective: To determine the obstetrical outcomes of women delivered for the diagnosis of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP). Methods: Retrospective study of singleton pregnancies diagnosed with ICP between 1 May 2014 and 31 December 2017. Population was analyzed based on bile acids: normal (<10 µmol/L), mild (10 to 40 µmol/L), moderate-severe (>40 µmol/L), and not obtained. Receiver operating characteristic curves established critical values for aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) to predict elevated bile acids. Statistical analyses included χ2 for categorical variables and ANOVA for continuous variables. All tests used a 2-sided α level of significance of.05. Results: Bile acids were normal in 39 (45.9%) women, 30 (35.3%) had mild cholestasis, 10 (11.8%) had moderate-severe cholestasis and not obtained for six (7%) women. Gestational diabetes was more common in mild cholestasis (p =.03). There were no differences in demographics, clinical presentation, obstetric interventions and neonatal outcomes. Bile acids took 5–6 days to result. Rate of labor inductions was high in all groups. Postpartum complications occurred in four women in the normal group and in one woman in the mild cholestasis group. Five (12.8%) neonates in the normal group, six (20%) in the mild group, and one (10%) in the severe group were admitted to the NICU. There was no fetal asphyxia, no 5-minute Apgar score <7, and no perinatal deaths. An AST of 27.5 IU/L (p =.002) with sensitivity of 81% and specificity of 76%, and an ALT of 26.7 IU/L (p =.004) with sensitivity of 78% and specificity of 68% predicted elevated bile acids. Improving the sensitivity of AST and ALT to 95%, the ROC curve identified an AST of 62 IU/L with a specificity, positive and negative predictive values of 32, 58 and 86%, respectively; and an ALT of 106 IU/L with a specificity, positive and negative predictive values of 27, 57 and 83%, respectively. Conclusions: ICP should not be presumed in patients with pruritus. This practice may lead to early term delivery and associated complications. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
The effect of Cushing's syndrome on pregnancy complication rates: analysis of more than 9 million deliveries; Purpose: The purpose of this study to evaluate the risk of Cushing’s syndrome (CS) and maternal and fetal complications using the American Nationwide Inpatient Sample database. Materials and methods: This is a retrospective study using the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample database from 2004 to 2014. We compared pregnancies with CS versus non-CS regarding pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes using multivariate logistic regression. Results: We identified 9,096,788 pregnancies during the study period. Cushing’s syndrome complicated 135 pregnancies at a rate of 1–2 cases per 100,000 births. Cushing’s syndrome subjects were more likely to be older, obese, have private insurance, chronic hypertension, and pre-gestational diabetes (p<.001). The maternal mortality rate was 0.7 and 0.007% in Cushing’s syndrome and control groups, respectively, although due to small numbers of cases, this should be interpreted with caution. Preeclampsia was higher in CS compared to controls after controlling for confounding variables, aOR 2.20. Operative vaginal delivery and blood transfusion rates were higher in CS patients than controls after controlling for confounding factors, aOR 6.49 and 3.09, respectively. The rates of preterm delivery (8.9 versus 7.2%) and gestational diabetes (8.1 versus 5.8%) were not statistically different between CS and control groups. Conclusion: Cushing’s syndrome patients begin pregnancies often with maladies making them more at risk for complications including, preeclampsia, blood transfusion, and operative vaginal delivery. These patients might benefit from prevention methods for preeclampsia, and increased surveillance to decrease maternal morbidity and mortality. However, the nature of the database and its limitations, including the lack of information about CS activity and treatments received by patients, warrant careful interpretation of these results. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and the Risks of Overall and Type-Specific Cardiovascular Diseases: A Population-and Sibling-Matched Cohort Study; OBJECTIVE To evaluate associations between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and vari-ous incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) end points, considering the effects of the mediating role of type 2 diabetes and shared environmental/familial factors. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS This population-based cohort study included 10,02,486 parous women in Denmark during 1978–2016. We used Cox regression to 1) examine the associations of GDM with overall and type-specific CVDs using full-cohort and sibling-matched analysis, 2) quantify the impact of type 2 diabetes after GDM using mediation analysis, and 3) assess whether these associations were modified by prepreg-nancy obesity or maternal history of CVD. RESULTS Women with a history of GDM had a 40% increased overall CVD risk (hazard ratio [HR] 1.40, 95% CI 1.35–1.45). Sibling-matched analyses yielded similar results (HR 1.44, 95% CI 1.28–1.62). The proportion of association between GDM and overall CVD explained by subsequent type 2 diabetes was 23.3% (15.4–32.8%). We observed increased risks of specific CVDs, including 65% increased stroke risk and more than twofold risks for myocardial infarction, heart failure, and periph-eral artery disease. The elevated overall risks were more pronounced among women with GDM and prepregnancy obesity or maternal history of CVD. CONCLUSIONS A history of GDM was associated with increased risks of overall and specific CVDs. Increased risks were partly explained by subsequent type 2 diabetes, and the need to identify other pathways remains important. Continuous monitoring of women with a history of GDM, especially those with prepregnancy obesity or maternal history of CVD, may provide better opportunities to reduce their cardiovascular risk. © 2022, American Diabetes Association Inc.. All rights reserved.
Impact of pregnancy on the trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors in women with and without gestational diabetes; Aims: The elevated lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease in women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been attributed to adverse life-course trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors that arise before pregnancy and continue thereafter. We hypothesized that pregnancy may differentially affect these trajectories in women who develop GDM and those who do not. Materials and methods: With population-based administrative databases, we identified all nulliparous women in Ontario, Canada, who had singleton pregnancies between January 2011 and December 2016 and ≥2 measurements of the following analytes both before and after pregnancy: glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), glucose, lipids and transaminases. In total, 39 581 women (4373 with GDM) had 3.9 ± 3.4 tests before and 4.6 ± 5.4 tests after pregnancy. Results: Both before and after pregnancy, women who developed GDM had higher HbA1c, fasting glucose, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol and triglycerides than their peers, with lower high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol (all p <.0001). Before pregnancy, women who went on to GDM had higher annual increases than their peers did in HbA1c, fasting glucose and triglycerides (all p ≤.01); lesser annual decrease in LDL (p =.0003); and greater annual decrease in HDL (p =.0006). Compared with pre-pregnancy, the postpartum differences in annual rates of change in HbA1c and fasting glucose were 6.9- and 3.3-fold higher, respectively, in women with GDM. Conversely, the respective postpartum differences in annual rates of change in triglycerides, LDL and HDL were 1.2, 1.6 and 0.3 times lower than before pregnancy. Conclusion: After pregnancy, differences in pregravid trajectories of glycaemic measures are amplified between women with GDM and their peers. In contrast, pregravid differences in lipid measures persist but do not differentially worsen after pregnancy. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus in the first 19 weeks of pregnancy using machine learning techniques; Aim: Our objective was to develop a first 19 weeks risk prediction model with several potential gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predictors including hepatic and renal and coagulation function measures. Methods: A total of 490 pregnant women, 215 with GDM and 275 controls, participated in this case-control study. Forty-three blood examination indexes including blood routine, hepatic and renal function, and coagulation function were obtained. Support vector machine (SVM) and light gradient boosting machine (lightGBM) were applied to estimate possible associations with GDM and build the predict model. Cutoff points were estimated using receiver operating characteristic curve analysis. Results: It was observed that a cutoff of Prothrombin time (PAT-PT) and Activated partial thromboplastin time (PAT-APTT) could reliably predict GDM with sensitivity of 88.3% and specificity of 99.47% (AUC of 94.2%). If we only use hepatic and renal function examination, a cutoff of DBIL and FPG with sensitivity of 82.6% and specificity of 90.0% (AUC of 91.0%) was obvious and a negative correlation with PAT-PT (r=–0.430549) and patient activated partial thromboplastin time (PAT-APTT) (r=–0.725638). A negative correlation with direct bilirubin (DBIL) (r=–0.379882) and positive correlation with fasting plasma glucose (FPG) (r = 0.458332) neglect coagulation function examination. Conclusion: The results of this study point out the possible roles of PAT-PT and PAT-APTT as potential novel biomarkers for the prediction and earlier diagnosis of GDM. A first 19 weeks risk prediction model, which incorporates novel biomarkers, accurately identifies women at high risk of GDM, and relevant measures can be applied early to achieve the prevention and control effects. © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Study on the Effects of Individualized Nutritional Intervention on Pregnancy Outcome and Neonatal Immune Function in Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objective. To study the effects of individualized nutritional intervention on pregnancy outcome and neonatal immune function in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods. A retrospective analysis was conducted on 100 GDM patients from the obstetrics and gynecology department of our institute between February 2019 and February 2020. The patients were allocated into the control group given regular intervention and the experimental group given individualized nutritional intervention according to different intervention measures, with 50 cases in each group. The comparison was carried out for patients in the two groups with regard to their modality of delivery, neonatal health, their plasma glucose in fasting state, 2 h after eating, and before bedtime; glycohemoglobin at 8 months of pregnancy, at 9 months of pregnancy, during labor, and 1 month after delivery; their complications; and neonatal CD3+, CD4+, and CD8+ levels. Results. The experimental group outperformed the control group in terms of the spontaneous delivery rate, the number of healthy neonates, and neonatal CD3+, CD4+, and CD8+ levels (P<0.05). The plasma glucose in fasting state, 2 h after eating, and before bedtime; the glycohemoglobin at 8 months of pregnancy, at 9 months of pregnancy, during labor, and 1 month after delivery; and the incidence of complications of the experimental group were significantly lower than those of the control group (P<0.05). Conclusion. Individualized nutritional intervention increases the rate of spontaneous delivery in GDM patients, enhances neonatal immune function, stabilizes plasma glucose, and reduces complications.  © 2022 Xiaofeng Zhang et al.
Protocol for a randomized controlled trial of pre-pregnancy lifestyle intervention to reduce recurrence of gestational diabetes: Gestational Diabetes Prevention/Prevención de la Diabetes Gestacional; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with several maternal complications in pregnancy, including preeclampsia, preterm labor, need for induction of labor, and cesarean delivery as well as increased long-term risks of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Intrauterine exposure to GDM raises the risk for complications in offspring as well, including stillbirth, macrosomia, and birth trauma, and long-term risk of metabolic disease. One of the strongest risk factors for GDM is the occurrence of GDM in a prior pregnancy. Preliminary data from epidemiologic and bariatric surgery studies suggest that reducing body weight before pregnancy can prevent the development of GDM, but no adequately powered trial has tested the effects of a maternal lifestyle intervention before pregnancy to reduce body weight and prevent GDM recurrence. Methods: The principal aim of the Gestational Diabetes Prevention/Prevención de la Diabetes Gestacional is to determine whether a lifestyle intervention to reduce body weight before pregnancy can reduce GDM recurrence. This two-site trial targets recruitment of 252 women with overweight and obesity who have previous histories of GDM and who plan to have another pregnancy in the next 1–3 years. Women are randomized within site to a comprehensive pre-pregnancy lifestyle intervention to promote weight loss with ongoing treatment until conception or an educational control group. Participants are assessed preconceptionally (at study entry, after 4 months, and at brief quarterly visits until conception), during pregnancy (at 26 weeks’ gestation), and at 6 weeks postpartum. The primary outcome is GDM recurrence, and secondary outcomes include fasting glucose, biomarkers of cardiometabolic disease, prenatal and perinatal complications, and changes over time in weight, diet, physical activity, and psychosocial measures. Discussion: The Gestational Diabetes Prevention /Prevención de la Diabetes Gestacional is the first randomized controlled trial to evaluate the effects of a lifestyle intervention delivered before pregnancy to prevent GDM recurrence. If found effective, the proposed lifestyle intervention could lay the groundwork for shifting current treatment practices towards the interconception period and provide evidence-based preconception counseling to optimize reproductive outcomes and prevent GDM and associated health risks. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02763150. Registered on May 5, 2016 © 2021, The Author(s).
Berberine elevates cardiolipin in heart of offspring from mouse dams with high fat diet-induced gestational diabetes mellitus; Berberine (BBR) is an isoquinoline alkaloid from plants known to improve cardiac mitochondrial function in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) offspring but the mechanism is poorly understood. We examined the role of the mitochondrial phospholipid cardiolipin (CL) in mediating this cardiac improvement. C57BL/6 female mice were fed either a Lean-inducing low-fat diet or a GDM-inducing high-fat diet for 6 weeks prior to breeding. Lean and GDM-exposed male offspring were randomly assigned a low-fat, high-fat, or high-fat diet containing BBR at weaning for 12 weeks. The content of CL was elevated in the heart of GDM offspring fed a high fat diet containing BBR. The increase in total cardiac CL was due to significant increases in the most abundant and functionally important CL species, tetralinoleoyl-CL and this correlated with an increase in the expression of the CL remodeling enzyme tafazzin. Additionally, BBR treatment increased expression of cardiac enzymes involved in fatty acid uptake and oxidation and electron transport chain subunits in high fat diet fed GDM offspring. Thus, dietary BBR protection from cardiac dysfunction in GDM exposed offspring involves improvement in mitochondrial function mediated through increased synthesis of CL. © 2021, The Author(s).
Association of maternal vitamin B12 and folate levels in early pregnancy with gestational diabetes: a prospective UK cohort study (PRiDE study); Aims/hypothesis: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing worldwide in all ethnic groups. Low vitamin B12 and low/high folate levels may contribute to GDM risk, but there is conflicting evidence. Our aim is to assess the relationships of early pregnancy vitamin B12 and folate levels with the risk of GDM status at 26–28 weeks of gestation. Methods: This was a prospective, multi-centre, multi-ethnic cohort study (n = 4746) in the UK. Participants who were eligible to be selectively screened as per the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) criteria were included in the study. Results: GDM prevalence was 12.5% by NICE and 14.7% by International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria. Folate deficiency (1.3%) was rare but B12 insufficiency (42.3% at <220 pmol/l) and folate excess (36.5%) were common in early pregnancy. Early pregnancy median B12 levels were lower, and folate levels higher, in women who were diagnosed with GDM at 26–28 weeks. B12 was negatively associated with fasting plasma glucose (1 SD: −0.06 mmol/l; 95% CI −0.04, −0.08; p < 0.0001) and 2 h plasma glucose levels (−0.07 mmol/l; 95% CI −0.02, −0.12; p = 0.004). Higher B12 was associated with 14.4% lower RR of IADPSG-GDM (0.856; 95% CI 0.786, 0.933; p = 0.0004) after adjusting for key confounders (age, parity, smoking status, ethnicity, family history, household income and folate status). Approximately half of this association was mediated through BMI. Folate was positively associated with 2 h plasma glucose levels (0.08 mmol/l; 95% CI 0.04, 0.13; p = 0.0005) but its relationship with fasting plasma glucose was U-shaped (quadratic β: 0.011; p = 0.05). Higher folate was associated with 11% higher RR of IADPSG-GDM (adjusted RR 1.11; 95% CI 1.036, 1.182; p = 0.002) (age, parity, smoking status, ethnicity, family history, household income and B12 status). Although no interactions were observed for B12 and folate (as continuous variables) with glucose levels and GDM risk, a low B12–high folate combination was associated with higher blood glucose level and risk of IADPSG-GDM (adjusted RR 1.742; 95% CI 1.226, 2.437; p = 0.003). Conclusions/interpretation: B12 insufficiency and folate excess were common in early pregnancy. Low B12 and high folate levels in early pregnancy were associated with small but statistically significant changes in maternal blood glucose level and higher RR of GDM. Our findings warrant additional studies on the role of unmetabolised folic acid in glucose metabolism and investigating the effect of optimising early pregnancy or pre-conception B12 and folate levels on subsequent hyperglycaemia. Trial registration:: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03008824. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2021, The Author(s).
Reproductive history and blood cell DNA methylation later in life: the Young Finns Study; Background: Women with a history of complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes or an infant fetal growth restriction or preterm birth, are at higher risk for cardiovascular disease later in life. We aimed to examine differences in maternal DNA methylation following pregnancy complications. Methods: Data on women participating in the Young Finns study (n = 836) were linked to the national birth registry. DNA methylation in whole blood was assessed using the Infinium Methylation EPIC BeadChip. Epigenome-wide analysis was conducted on differential CpG methylation at 850 K sites. Reproductive history was also modeled as a predictor of four epigenetic age indices. Results: Fourteen significant differentially methylated sites were found associated with both history of pre-eclampsia and overall hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. No associations were found between reproductive history and any epigenetic age acceleration measure. Conclusions: Differences in epigenetic methylation profiles could represent pre-existing risk factors, or changes that occurred as a result of experiencing these complications. © 2021, The Author(s).
Developmental programming by maternal obesity: Lessons from animal models; The obesity epidemic has led to more women entering pregnancy overweight or obese. In addition to adverse short-term outcomes, maternal obesity and/or gestational diabetes predispose offspring to developing obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in adulthood through developmental programming. Human epidemiological studies, although vital in identifying associations, are often unable to address causality and mechanistic studies can be limited by the lack of accessibility of key metabolic tissues. Furthermore, multi-generational studies take many years to complete. Integration of findings from human studies with those from animal models has therefore been critical in moving forward this field that has been termed the ‘Developmental Origins of Health and Disease’. This review summarises the evidence from animal models and highlights how animal models provide valuable insight into the maternal factors responsible for developmental programming, potential critical developmental windows, sexual dimorphism, molecular mechanisms and age-related offspring outcomes throughout life. Moreover, we describe how animal models are vital to explore clinically relevant interventions to prevent adverse offspring outcomes in obese or glucose intolerant pregnancy, such as antioxidant supplementation, exercise and maternal metformin treatment. © 2021 The Authors. Diabetic Medicine published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Diabetes UK.
Management of Placental Transfusion to Neonates after Delivery; This review summarizes high-quality evidence supporting delayed umbilical cord clamping to promote placental transfusion to preterm and term neonates. In preterm neonates, delayed cord clamping may decrease mortality and the need for blood transfusions. Although robust data are lacking to guide cord management strategies in many clinical scenarios, emerging literature is reviewed on numerous topics including delivery mode, twin gestations, maternal comorbidities (eg, gestational diabetes, red blood cell alloimmunization, human immunodeficiency virus [HIV] infection, and severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 [SARS-CoV-2] infection) and neonatal complications (eg, fetal growth restriction, congenital heart disease, and the depressed neonate). Umbilical cord milking is an alternate method of rapid placental transfusion, but has been associated with severe intraventricular hemorrhage in extremely preterm neonates. Data on long-Term outcomes are discussed, as well as potential contraindications to delayed cord clamping. Overall, delayed cord clamping offers potential benefits to the estimated 140 million neonates born globally every year, emphasizing the importance of this simple and no-cost strategy. © 2022 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Explaining the obesity paradox in healthcare utilization among people with type 2 diabetes; Background: Several studies of diabetes suggest an obesity paradox: persons without diabetes have an increased risk of death due to obesity, whereas obesity decreases the risk of death for people with diabetes. A recent study finds the same obesity paradox with the number of healthcare visits. Whether empirical biases and confounding lead to this paradox is yet to be determined. Objective: To examine changes in the relationship between BMI and number of visits in diabetic vs nondiabetic populations, controlling for confounding risk factors. Methods: Using adults in the nationally representative Medical Expenditure Panel Survey (MEPS) from 2008 to 2016, N = 210,317, we examine the proposed relationship using six measures of healthcare visits with zero-inflated negative binomial regressions controlling for age, gender, race/ethnicity, income, education, region, health insurance, chronic conditions, and smoking. We excluded persons with type 1 diabetes and gestational diabetes. Results: We find an obesity paradox among people with diabetes for three measures. That is, relative to people without diabetes, normal weight people with diabetes have more emergency room visits, inpatient, and office-based physician visits than do the obese with diabetes. However, we do not find an obesity paradox in any of the six measures once we exclude smokers and persons ever diagnosed with cancer or cardiovascular disease. Conclusion: The obesity paradox does not exist at the utilization level and is due to the presence of statistical biases such as confounding and reverse causation. Physicians should continue to focus on efforts to prevent obesity in patients with diabetes. © 2021, This is a U.S. government work and not under copyright protection in the U.S.; foreign copyright protection may apply.
NAFTNet retrospective report on the treatment of anti-Ro/SSA mediated fetal heart block with dexamethasone; Background: Complete atrioventricular block (CAVB) is a complication of maternal antibody positivity and treatment of fetal disease is controversial in terms of efficacy and safety. We hypothesized that dexamethasone treatment for fetal anti-Ro/SSA antibody-mediated cardiac disease leads to better pregnancy outcomes than expectant management. Methods: A retrospective multi-center cohort study of anti-Ro/SSA antibody positive pregnancies with fetal conduction disease reported by participating North American Fetal Therapy Network (NAFTNet) centers between January 2010 and December 2018. The primary outcomes included: fetal death, oligohydramnios, growth restriction, preterm delivery, and new maternal comorbidities. Secondary outcomes included: pacemaker prior to 28 days, transplantation, and neonatal death in maternal/fetal dyads treated with dexamethasone versus not. Results: In 127 anti-Ro/SSA positive pregnancies, 98 were treated with dexamethasone and 29 were not. Of those treated, 61/96 (63.5%) met the primary outcome including 45/91 (49.4%) premature deliveries; 20 mothers developed comorbidities during treatment (fetal death 5, 10 growth restriction, 14 oligohydramnios, two new/worsening gestational diabetes). In the untreated group, 15/25 (60%) met the primary outcome including 11/22 (50%) premature deliveries and four mothers developing comorbidities during their pregnancy (fetal death 3, one growth restriction, one new onset maternal hypertension). Regarding secondary outcomes, 37/96 (43%) treated fetuses required a pacemaker or died by 28 days, while untreated 13/25 (52%) required pacemaker placement, died prior to 28 days or required listing for transplantation. Excluding terminations, survival without transplant was 17 (68%) in untreated and 85 (89%) in treated patients (p<.01). Conclusions: While the use of dexamethasone in anti-Ro/SSA positive pregnancies is associated with a high rate of poor pregnancy outcomes, there was an unexpected similarly high rate in untreated positive pregnancies. This suggests that the maternal disease itself is influencing pregnancy complications independent of dexamethasone. Our data, which show that treatment decreases neonatal morbidity and overall mortality without increasing overall pregnancy complications, warrant further study. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Early-pregnancy maternal heart rate is related to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); Objective: The study examined the association between resting heart rate (RHR) of early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Chinese population. Methods: As retrospective study, medical data of 15,092 pregnant women gave birth in 2019 was collected and analyzed. The pregnant women's age, educational level, pre-pregnancy body weight, height, parity, family history of diabetes, lipid profile, blood pressure and RHR were recorded during 11 ∼ 13+6 weeks. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to estimate the association between maternal characteristics and RHR and GDM. And we further evaluated the predictive roll of RHR in different sub-groups defined by their body mass index (BMI), age, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), total cholesterol and triglyceride. Results: 2313 women (15.33%) were diagnosed as GDM according to 75 g OGTT. According to the quartile value of RHR, the subjects were divided into four groups. Risk of GDM increased significantly as RHR increased. In the fully adjusted model, ORs(95%CI) for the lowest vs highest quartiles of heart rate were 1(as reference), 1.14(0.97 ∼ 1.33), 1.25(1.05 ∼ 1.40), 1.41(1.21 ∼ 1.62), respectively. In the subgroup's analysis, we found the relationship between RHR and risk of GDM was evident in women with low and normal BMI; with normal fasting plasma; and normal serum lipid level. Conclusion: The current study shows early-pregnancy maternal RHR is associated with potential risk of developing GDM. © 2021 The Authors
Elevated MST1 leads to apoptosis via depletion of YAP1 in cardiomyocytes exposed to high glucose; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for congenital heart defects. The article aimed to investigate the expression and roles of MST1, YAP1, Last1/2 and Survivin in modulating HG-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis and maternal diabetes-induced heart abnormality. Methods: Diabetes mellitus was induced in rats using streptozotocin. The protein expression and phosphorylation analysis in fetal heart tissue was assessed by western blot and immunohistochemical staining. Hoechst 33342 staining assay was performed to explore H9C2 apoptosis. The gene and protein expression in H9C2 cells was assessed by quantitative PCR and western blot. Knockdown of gene expression was assessed by RNA interference. Results: Our results revealed that increased MST1 protein levels in the heart tissues of the offspring of diabetic rats in vivo and in H9C2 cardiomyocytes under HG treatment in vitro, respectively. Knockdown and overexpression experiments showed that MST1 played a key role in mediating HG-induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes. Downregulation of YAP1 was associated with HG-induced, MST1-mediated cardiomyocyte apoptosis. Further study showed that MST1 downregulated the protein level of YAP1 through mediation of YAP1 phosphorylation on Ser127 and Ser397; this process also required LATS1/2 participation. MST1 overexpression increased the phosphorylation levels of LATS1/2, which were also shown to be increased in the heart tissues of diabetic offspring. We also found that YAP1 mediated the expression of Survivin during HG-induced apoptosis, and the Survivin-inhibitor YM155 partially inhibited the role of YAP1 in suppressing apoptosis induced by HG in cardiomyocytes. Conclusion: These findings reveal a regulatory mechanism of MST1/YAP1/Survivin signaling in modulating cardiomyocyte apoptosis in vitro and maternal diabetes-induced congenital heart defects in vivo. © 2021, The Author(s).
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Incident Heart Failure in the Women's Health Initiative; Importance: Some prior evidence suggests that adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) may be associated with heart failure (HF). Identifying unique factors associated with the risk of HF and studying HF subtypes are important next steps. Objective: To investigate the association of APOs with incident HF overall and stratified by HF subtype (preserved vs reduced ejection fraction) among postmenopausal women in the Women's Health Initiative (WHI). Design, Setting, and Participants: In 2017, an APO history survey was administered in the WHI study, a large multiethnic cohort of postmenopausal women. The associations of 5 APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy [HDP], low birth weight, high birth weight, and preterm delivery) with incident adjudicated HF were analyzed. In this cohort study, the association of each APO with HF was assessed using logistic regression models and with HF subtypes using multinomial regression, adjusting for age, sociodemographic characteristics, smoking, randomization status, reproductive history, and other APOs. Data analysis was performed from January 2020 to September 2021. Exposures: APOs (gestational diabetes, HDP, low birth weight, high birth weight, and preterm delivery). Main Outcomes and Measures: All confirmed cases of women hospitalized with HF and HF subtype were adjudicated by trained physicians using standardized methods. Results: Of 10292 women (median [IQR] age, 60 [55-64] years), 3185 (31.0%) reported 1 or more APO and 336 (3.3%) had a diagnosis of HF. Women with a history of any APO had a higher prevalence of hypertension, diabetes, coronary heart disease, or smoking. Of the APOs studied, only HDP was significantly associated with HF with a fully adjusted odds ratio (OR) of 1.75 (95% CI, 1.22-2.50), and with HF with preserved ejection fraction in fully adjusted models (OR, 2.06; 95% CI, 1.29-3.27). In mediation analyses, hypertension explained 24% (95% CI, 12%-73%), coronary heart disease 23% (95% CI, 11%-68%), and body mass index 20% (95% CI, 10%-64%) of the association between HDP and HF. Conclusions and Relevance: In this large cohort of postmenopausal women, HDP was independently associated with incident HF, particularly HF with preserved ejection fraction, and this association was mediated by subsequent hypertension, coronary heart disease, and obesity. These findings suggest that monitoring and modifying these factors early in women presenting with HDP may be associated with reduced long-term risk of HF.. © 2021 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Neonatal Myocardial Infarction in Association With Gestational Diabetes; Fetal and neonatal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a complication of gestational diabetes and usually follows a benign course. In this report, we present a rare case of a newborn of a diabetic mother with severe ventricular hypertrophy who developed myocardial infarction confirmed by elevated cardiac enzymes, electrocardiographic changes, and subendocardial ischemia on cardiac magnetic resonance imaging. Follow-up revealed complete functional myocardial recovery with normalisation of ventricular systolic and diastolic functions on serial echocardiograms. © 2021 Canadian Cardiovascular Society
DIETARY PATTERNS and THEIR ASSOCIATION with GLYCEMIC CONTROL and RISK of GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS in GAZA STRIP, PALESTINE: A CASE-CONTROL STUDY; Background: This study was conducted to determine the major dietary patterns and their association with risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); and to compare the level of glycemic control among women with and without GDM. Method: This is a case-control study was conducted in the primary healthcare centers, in the year 2021, among 210 pregnant women, with gestational age ≥ 24 weeks, aged 20-40 years (70 cases and 140 controls matched for age and geographical location), selected by a purposive sampling method. A validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire and the international physical activity questionnaire short-form were used. Furthermore, the demographic-socioeconomic and medical history data were collected using an interview-based questionnaire. The WHO criteria were used for the diagnosis of GDM. Additionally, the HbA1c was used as a marker of glycemic control. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS version 22. Results: The principle component analysis show two major dietary patterns (Healthy and unhealthy). After adjustment for confounding variables, women in the lowest tertile of the healthy dietary pattern had a lower odd for GDM [OR, CI 95%: 0.730 (0.596-.895); P-value 0.002]; whereas women in the lowest tertile of the unhealthy dietary pattern had a higher odd for GDM [OR, CI 95%: 3.41 (0.033-0.154); P-value 0.003]. Conclusion: The healthy dietary pattern may be associated with a lower risk of GDM; whereas the unhealthy dietary pattern may be associated with a high risk of GDM in Gaza Strip, Palestine. © 2021 Assiut University. All rights reserved.
Gestational Diabetes and Incident Heart Failure: A Cohort Study; OBJECTIVE To assess whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of heart failure (HF). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We conducted a population-based cohort study using information from the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care of Ontario (Canada) health care administrative databases. We identified all women in Ontario with a GDM diagnosis with a live birth singleton delivery between 1 July 2007 and 31 March 2018. Women with diabetes or HF before pregnancy were excluded. GDM was defined based on laboratory test results and diagnosis coding. The primary outcome was incident HF hospitalization over a period extending from the index pregnancy until 31 March 2019. The secondary outcome was prevalent peripartum cardiomyopathy at index pregnancy. Estimates of association were adjusted for relevant cardiometabolic risk factors. RESULTS Among 906,319 eligible women (mean age 30 years [SD 5.6], 50,193 with GDM [5.5%]), there were 763 HF events over a median follow-up period of 7 years. GDM was associated with a higher risk of incident HF (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 1.62 [95% CI 1.28, 2.05]) compared with no GDM. This association remained significant after accounting for chronic kidney disease, postpartum diabetes, hypertension, and coronary artery disease (aHR 1.39 [95% CI 1.09, 1.79]). GDM increased the odds of peripartum cardiomyopathy (adjusted odds ratio 1.83 [95% CI 1.45, 2.33]). CONCLUSIONS In a large observational study, GDM was associated with an increased risk of HF. Consequently, diabetes screening during pregnancy is suggested to identify women at risk for HF. © 2021 by the American Diabetes Association.
Chemical and Medicinal Impacts of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus on Heart Rate Variability Indices-A Case-Control Study; Background: Gestational diabetes [GDM] is one of the most common metabolic disorders associated with many adverse maternal and fetal complications including cardiovascular events. This study aimed to evaluate the function of the autonomic nervous system by heart rate variability [HRV] between pregnant women with GDM and healthy pregnant women. Methods: The study was a case-control observational study on 50 pregnant women with GDM and 51 healthy pregnant women. They were assigned to the study at 32-36 weeks of gestational age. Demographic and past medical history and lab findings were gathered. HRV was assessed by a time-domain analysis of 24-hour cardiac Holter monitoring including SDNN-SDANN-rMSSD and pNN50 variables. Results: The mean age of the participants was 28.69 [± 5.5]. Data analysis showed no significant difference in the age [p-value: 0.10], maternal hypothyroidism [p-value: 0.2], and PCO [p-value: 1/000] between two groups. There was no significant difference between SDNN [p-value: 0.21], SDANN [pvalue: 0.11], and rMSSD [p-value: 0.87] between two groups. pNN50 in GDM group decreased significantly [P-value = 0.0001]. Conclusion: A significant decrease in the pNN50 index in GDM group may be a marker of autonomic dysfunction. Reduced pNN50 could be explained by decreasing parasympathetic activity and sympathetic overcome in pregnancy, especially in pregnancy associated with diabetes, leading to instability of the autonomic nervous system.  © 2022 by SPC.
LncRNA OIP5-AS1 Signatures as a Biomarker of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and a Regulator on Trophoblast Cells; Objectives: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common disorder in pregnant women. Long noncoding RNA (lncRNA) is a fundamental mediator in the pathogenesis of GDM. The study aimed to detect the clinical importance of lncRNA OIP5-AS1 and its underlying regulation on trophoblast cells. Design: The expression of OIP5-AS1 and miR-137-3p was assessed by the quantitative real-time PCR technique. The prognostic effect of OIP5-AS1 was analyzed by the receiver operating characteristic curve. The influences of OIP5-AS1 on cells were indicated by cell counting kit-8, transwell experiments, and flow cytometry. Luciferase activity assay was used to identify the target relationships among OIP5-AS1, miR-137-3p, and EZH2. Participants: A total of 75 pregnant women with GDM who were treated in the Dongying People's Hospital were selected as the GDM group. Besides, 72 pregnant women with non-GDM who underwent physical examination in the same hospital were selected as the control group. Results: Decreased expression of OIP5-AS1 was confirmed in GDM patients, and the level of OIP5-AS1 could be used as a basis for evaluating GDM patients. Upregulation of OIP5-AS1 ameliorated the viability, migration, invasion, and apoptosis of HG-stimulated HTR-8/SVneo cells by sponging miR-137-3p. EZH2 was a direct target of miR-137-3p. Conclusions: OIP5-AS1 level decreased in women with GDM. OIP5-AS1 appeared to help separating GDM patients from healthy pregnant women. The OIP5-AS1/miR-137-3p/EZH2 pathway could exert its function on HG-induced HTR-8/SVneo models.  © 2021 Authors.
Gestational diabetes mellitus : prelude of risks not to be misunderstood; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a common complication in pregnant women. It is diagnosed between the 24th and 28th last menstrual period thanks to an oral glucose tolerance test with 75 g of glucose. Although blood glucose levels usually return to normal after childbirth, it can lead to some medium- and long-term complications, including cardiovascular, metabolic and renal complications. Early detection of various risk factors related to these complications would avoid some negative consequences for women with background of gestational diabetes.; Le diabète gestationnel est une complication fréquente chez la femme enceinte. Il est diagnostiqué entre la 24ème et la 28ème semaine d’aménorrhée grâce à la réalisation d’une hyperglycémie provoquée par voie orale avec 75 g de glucose. Même si la glycémie se normalise après l’accouchement dans la plupart des cas, un antécédent de diabète gestationnel peut entraîner différentes complications à moyen et long termes, notamment sur le plan cardiovasculaire, métabolique et rénal. Un dépistage précoce des différents facteurs de risque liés à ces complications permettrait d’éviter certaines conséquences néfastes pour les femmes après un diabète gestationnel.
A study protocol for the cardiac effects of a single dose of either oxytocin 2.5 IU or carbetocin 100 µg after caesarean delivery: a prospective randomized controlled multi-centre trial in Norway; Background: Both oxytocin and carbetocin are used to prevent uterine atony and post-partum haemorrhage after caesarean delivery in many countries, including Norway. Oxytocin causes dose-dependent ST-depression, troponin release, prolongation of QT-time and arrythmia, but little is known about myocardial effects of carbetocin. We have previously demonstrated comparable vasodilatory effects of oxytocin and carbetocin and are now undertaking a Phase 4 trial to investigate whether carbetocin causes similar changes to myocardial markers compared with oxytocin. Methods: Our randomized controlled trial will be conducted at three obstetrics units at Oslo University Hospital and Akershus University Hospital, Norway. Planned enrolment will be of 240 healthy, singleton pregnant women aged 18 to 50 years undergoing planned caesarean delivery. Based on pilot study data, each participant will receive a one-minute intravenous injection of either oxytocin 2.5 IU or carbetocin 100 µg during caesarean delivery. The prespecified primary outcome is the change from baseline in high-sensitive troponin I plasma concentrations at 6–10 hours after study drug administration. Secondary outcomes include uterine tone grade at 2.5 and five minutes after study drug administration, adverse events for up to 48 hours after study drug administration, estimated blood loss within eight hours of delivery, need for rescue treatment and direct/indirect costs. Enrolment and primary analysis are expected to be completed by the end of 2021. Discussion: Women undergoing caesarean delivery should be assessed for cardiovascular risk particularly as women with an obstetric history of pregnancy induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, placental abruption, and stillbirth are at increased risk of future cardiovascular disease. Any additional ischaemic myocardial risk from uterotonic agents will need to be balanced with the benefit of reducing the risk of postpartum haemorrhage. Any potential cardiotoxicity difference between oxytocin and carbetocin will help inform treatment decisions for pregnant women. Registration: Clinicaltrials.gov https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03899961 NCT03899961 (02/04/2019). Copyright: © 2022 Bekkenes M et al.
Persistent subclinical myocardial dysfunction among infants of diabetic mothers; Introduction: Offspring of diabetic mothers have five times higher risk of cardiovascular abnormalities than in normal pregnancies. These cardiac anomalies involve fetal cardiac morphological and functional changes. Here, we investigate subclinical cardiovascular abnormalities, including structural and functional changes among infants of diabetic mothers. Material and methods: A prospective cohort study was carried out from March 2017 to September 2020 at a South Indian tertiary care center. One hundred ninety-eight newborns delivered from non-diabetic mothers, well-controlled diabetic mothers (WCDM), and poorly controlled diabetic mothers (PCDM) were studied. Neonates and infantile echocardiographic imaging were performed at the first week of life, at 6-weeks, and 6-months of life. Cardiac structure and function were assessed using 2D, M-mode, Conventional Doppler, and Tissue Doppler imaging. Results: Out of the total (198) infants, 66 (33.3%) were from the non-diabetic (control) mothers, 60 (30.3%) from the WCDM, and 72 (36.4%) were from the PCDM groups. In both WCDM and PCDM groups, the mean gestational ages at birth were shorter than the control group (37.19 ± 0.82, 36.02 ± 2.15, and 37.91 ± 1.33 weeks respectively). There was a high incidence of neonatal hypoglycemia (p-value <0.001), NICU stay >7 days (p-value <0.018), and persistent fetal transitional cardiac shunt (p-value <0.03) among poorly controlled DM group in comparison to others. Tissue deformation imaging showed a significant reduction in left ventricular global strain and strain rate in the neonatal heart from poorly controlled diabetic mothers. Myocardial wall thickness among neonates of diabetic mothers was higher compared to controls. LV TEI was higher in PCDM groups in comparison with WCDM and control groups; (0.59 ± 0.11, 0.46 ± 0.35, and 0.37 ± 0.12 respectively, p-value =0.01). Similarly, RV TEI was high in the PCDM (0.56 ± 0.09) group compared to the WCDM group (0.33 ± 0.12) and control group (0.28 ± 0.10). Conclusions: Infants of diabetic mothers are at higher risk of developing cardiac abnormalities, including structural and functional defects. The highest increase in interventricular septal thickening found in poorly controlled diabetic mothers' neonates will disrupt both ventricles' functions, followed by WCDM and the control group. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
“Maternal diabetes mellitus and its impact on the risk of delivering a child with congenital heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis”; Aim: Maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM), type 1 or type 2, has been established as a potential risk factor for congenital heart disease (CHD). At the same time, the correlation between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and increased risk of CHD has not been yet fully elucidated. The objective of this systematic review and meta-analysis (PROSPERO number: CRD42020182390) was to analyze the existing evidence on PGDM and to attempt to fill, to the best of our ability, the remaining knowledge gap in the association of GDM with CHD. Materials and methods: Two authors have independently searched the Pubmed/Medline, Scopus, Cochrane, Web of Science, and Theses Global databases with keywords and Boolean operators. The search yielded 9333 relevant articles, which were later screened for eligibility. Original peer-reviewed (case-control or cohort) studies were included if they were published in English between 1997 and 2020. Thirteen studies on mothers with PGDM and seven studies on mothers with GDM were finally included in our meta-analysis to investigate the association of maternal diabetes with the risk of delivering a child with CHD. The selected studies were all assessed for their methodological quality using the Newcastle–Ottawa scale. Associations with p <.05 were considered statistically significant. Results: Our meta-analysis (I 2 > 75%, total population: n = 12,461,586) of 79,476 women with PGDM and 160,893 with GDM produced an odds ratio of 3.48 (2.36–4.61) and 1.55 (1.48–1.61), respectively. Additionally, we did not find any noticeable difference in the risk for CHD among diabetic women living in the USA and Europe. Nevertheless, it still needs to be clarified, whether or not the gestational diabetic population includes undiagnosed women with preexisting diabetes, which might account for the increased risk of delivering a child with CHD in women classified as suffering from GDM. Conclusion: While both GDM and PGDM seem to significantly increase the risk of CHD in comparison with the general population, PDGM appears to have a greater association with CHD, being correlated with a 3.5-fold increase in the risk of malformation. Preconceptional and gestational diabetes care are, therefore, essential to mitigate the adverse effect of hyperglycemia on fetal heart formation during pregnancy. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Chronic hypertension in pregnancy: are outcomes the same in patients on antihypertensives?*; Objective: To investigate differences in maternal and fetal outcomes among pregnant patients with chronic hypertension requiring antihypertensives for adequate control versus those who do not require antihypertensives. Study design: Single-site retrospective cohort study including pregnant patients with chronic hypertension from 2015-2018. Two groups included those who required antihypertensives versus those who did not. Primary outcome is composite morbidity: pregnancy loss after 20 weeks, IUGR, maternal death, maternal stroke or TIA, pulmonary edema, renal failure, hypertensive emergency, HELLP syndrome, placental abruption or delivery before 34 weeks. Secondary outcomes included development of severe features, indication for preterm labor less than 37 weeks, incidence of severe range blood pressures, and neonatal outcomes. Student t, chi square, and Kruskal-Wallis tests where appropriate. Logistic regression used to account for potential confounders. Results: Study cohort included 117 on antihypertensives and 114 not on antihypertensives. Use of antihypertensives was associated with the composite primary outcome (Odds ratio [OR], 3.88; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.66–9.78). Use of antihypertensive medications was also associated with increased risk of prenatal diagnosis of IUGR, delivery prior to 34 weeks, development of severe features, severe blood pressure during pregnancy, earlier mean gestational age at delivery, lower mean birth weight, and higher risk of NICU admission. Logistic regression analysis showed that the association between medication requirement and our composite primary outcome persisted even after adjustment for age, BMI, and presence of gestational diabetes. Conclusion: Our findings show an association between the requirement of antihypertensive medication use a significantly higher risk of composite primary outcome, prenatal diagnosis of IUGR, delivery prior to 34 weeks, and the development of severe features. © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Reduced mechanical function of the left atrial predicts adverse outcome in pregnant women with clustering of metabolic risk factors; Introduction: The left atrial (LA) strain and strain rate are sensitive indicators of LA function. However, they are not widely used for the evaluation of pregnant women with metabolic diseases. The aim of this study was to assess the LA strain and strain rate of pregnant women with clustering of metabolic risk factors and to explore its prognostic effect on adverse pregnancy outcomes. Materials and methods: Sixty-three pregnant women with a clustering of metabolic risk factors (CMR group), fifty-seven women with pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH group), fifty-seven women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM group), and fifty matched healthy pregnant women (control group) were retrospectively evaluated. LA function was evaluated with two-dimensional speckle-tracking imaging. Iatrogenic preterm delivery caused by severe preeclampsia, placental abruption, and fetal distress was regarded as the primary adverse outcome. Results: The CMR group showed the lowest LA strain during reservoir phase (LASr), strain during contraction phase (LASct) and peak strain rate during conduit phase (pLASRcd) among the three groups (P < 0.05). LA strain during conduit phase (LAScd) and peak strain rate during reservoir phase (pLASRr) in the CMR group were lower than those in the control and GDM groups (P < 0.05). Multivariable Cox regression analysis demonstrated systolic blood pressure (HR = 1.03, 95% CI 1.01–1.05, p = 0.001) and LASr (HR = 0.86, 95% CI 0.80–0.92, p < 0.0001) to be independent predictors of iatrogenic preterm delivery. An LASr cutoff value ≤ 38.35% predicted the occurrence of iatrogenic preterm delivery. Conclusions: LA mechanical function in pregnant women with metabolic aggregation is deteriorated. An LASr value of 38.35% or less may indicate the occurrence of adverse pregnancy outcomes. © 2021, The Author(s).
Type 2 diabetes after a pregnancy with gestational diabetes among first nations women in Australia: The PANDORA study; Aims: To determine among First Nations and Europid pregnant women the cumulative incidence and predictors of postpartum type 2 diabetes and prediabetes and describe postpartum cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk profiles. Methods: PANDORA is a prospective longitudinal cohort of women recruited in pregnancy. Ethnic-specific rates of postpartum type 2 diabetes and prediabetes were reported for women with diabetes in pregnancy (DIP), gestational diabetes (GDM) or normoglycaemia in pregnancy over a short follow-up of 2.5 years (n = 325). Pregnancy characteristics and CVD risk profiles according to glycaemic status, and factors associated with postpartum diabetes/prediabetes were examined in First Nations women. Results: The cumulative incidence of postpartum type 2 diabetes among women with DIP or GDM were higher for First Nations women (48%, 13/27, women with DIP, 13%, 11/82, GDM), compared to Europid women (nil DIP or GDM p < 0.001). Characteristics associated with type 2 diabetes/prediabetes among First Nations women with GDM/DIP included, older age, multiparity, family history of diabetes, higher glucose values, insulin use and body mass index (BMI). Conclusions: First Nations women experience a high incidence of postpartum type 2 diabetes after GDM/DIP, highlighting the need for culturally responsive policies at an individual and systems level, to prevent diabetes and its complications. © 2021 The Author(s)
A comparative study of cumulative stress patterns within 14days postpartum in healthy mothers and those with gestational diabetes: A prospective study; Although the number of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is on the rise, only few studies have examined the cumulative stress associated with breastfeeding after childbirth. GDM mothers are susceptible to stress due to insulin resistance, and their level of stress is associated with breastfeeding. This study aimed to identify patterns of stress change over time in GDM mothers and healthy mothers and to identify the factors influencing those patterns.The participants of this study were mothers within 14days after childbirth. The GDM group consisted of 32 mothers, and the healthy group comprised 30 mothers. Cumulative stress was measured in terms of heart rate variability, and linear mixed models were used to analyze changes over time.The cumulative stress of healthy mothers was about 8 points higher than that of mothers with GDM (t=-2.95, P=.005). The cumulative stress level was inversely associated with the mother's age (β=-1.20, P=.018), the mother's weight (β=-0.64, P=.008), and the baby's body mass index (β=-3.09, P=.038). Furthermore, an insufficient amount of breast milk was associated with higher stress (β=16.09, P=.007).GDM mothers and healthy mothers experienced different patterns of cumulative stress. Breastfeeding should be started quickly to promote health and stress reduction among mothers who are physically and psychologically vulnerable after childbirth.It is necessary to incorporate programs to promote breastfeeding considering stress levels at an appropriate time according to the mother's health condition. © 2021 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Looking at the Future through the Mother's Womb: Gestational Diabetes and Offspring Fertility; Altered nutrition or intrauterine exposure to various adverse conditions during fetal development or earlier in a mother's life can lead to epigenetic changes in fetal tissues, predisposing those tissues to diseases that manifest when offspring become adults. An example is a maternal obesity associated with gestational diabetes (GDM), where fetal exposure to a hyperglycemic, hyperinsulinemic, and/or hyperlipidemic gestational environment can provoke epigenetic changes that predispose offspring to various diseased conditions later in life. While it is now well established that offspring exposed to GDM have an increased risk of developing obesity, metabolic disorders, and/or cardiovascular disease in adult life, there are limited studies assessing the reproductive health of these offspring. This mini-review discusses the long-term effect of in utero exposure to GDM-associated adverse prenatal environment on the reproductive health of the offspring. Moreover, using evidence from various animal models and human epidemiological studies, this review offers molecular insight and understanding of how epigenetic reprogramming of genes culminates in reproductive dysfunction and the development of subfertility or infertility later in adult life. © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
Benefits of exercise in pregnancies with gestational diabetes; A significant proportion of pregnancies are complicated by diabetes mellitus. Most of them concern women with gestational diabetes mellitus, while proportionally are presented with preexisting DM 1 and DM 2. Metabolic derangements of the diabetic syndrome are likely to generate serious complications for both the mother and the fetus with a significant impact on their later health. Undoubtedly, all appropriate interventions that will contribute to the smoothest and most uncomplicated course of pregnancy are considered essential. Healthy diet adjustments, glucose monitoring and an appropriate insulin regimen, if needed, are considered effective tools for a safe gestation. Courses with aerobic, anaerobic stretching and relaxation exercises are presented with significant benefits in the therapeutic struggle for the general public. Extended research has been conducted assessing the role of exercise incorporation in a diabetic pregnancy. As evidence would support based on recent literature, exercise is an important mean in the prevention of carbohydrate intolerance during gestation and even more facilitates a smoother management of a diabetic pregnancy. Thus, exercise poses an essential role for maternal and neonatal health. © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Transient hyperglycemia and hypoxia induce memory effects in angiomir expression profiles of feto-placental endothelial cells; Gestational diabetes (GDM) and preeclampsia (PE) are associated with fetal hyperglycemia, fetal hypoxia, or both. These adverse conditions may compromise fetal and placental endothelial cells. In fact, GDM and PE affect feto-placental endothelial function and also program endothelial function and cardiovascular disease risk of the offspring in the long-term. MicroRNAs are short, non-coding RNAs that regulate protein translation and fine tune biological processes. A group of microRNAs termed angiomiRs is particularly involved in the regulation of endothelial function. We hypothesized that transient hyperglycemia and hypoxia may alter angiomiR expression in feto-placental endothelial cells (fpEC). Thus, we isolated primary fpEC after normal, uncomplicated pregnancy, and induced hyperglycemia (25 mM) and hypoxia (6.5%) for 72 h, followed by reversal to normal conditions for another 72 h. Current vs. transient effects on angiomiR profiles were analyzed by RT-qPCR and subjected to miRNA pathway analyses using DIANA miRPath, MIENTURNET and miRPathDB. Both current and transient hypoxia affected angiomiR profile stronger than current and transient hyperglycemia. Both stimuli altered more angiomiRs transiently, i.e., followed by 72 h culture at control conditions. Pathway analysis revealed that hypoxia significantly altered the pathway ‘Proteoglycans in cancer’. Transient hypoxia specifically affected miRNAs related to ‘adherens junction’. Our data reveal that hyperglycemia and hypoxia induce memory effects on angiomiR expression in fpEC. Such memory effects may contribute to long-term adaption and maladaption to hyperglycemia and hypoxia. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
COVID-19 Delta Variant-of-Concern: A Real Concern for Pregnant Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; The emergence of the COVID-19 Delta variant-of-concern (VOC), a novel variant of SARS-CoV-2, has threatened the total health systems throughout the world. This highly contagious strain is spreading at a higher exponential rate than any other variants of COVID-19 by infecting and subsequently killing hundreds of thousands of people globally. Among the most sensitive groups, pregnant women are at high risk of increased hospitalization, pneumonia, respiratory support, and admission to intensive care units during the Delta period. Pregnant people with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased chances of Delta VOC infection. GDM patients are nine and three times more likely to be infected by Delta VOC than those pregnant patients suffering from diabetes and cardiovascular diseases and hypertension, respectively. Additionally, they are more vulnerable to Delta VOC infection than wild-type and Alpha COVID-19 VOC ones. Thus, this review critically sheds light on the current scenario of the vulnerability of pregnant mothers, especially those with GDM, to Delta VOC infection. Copyright © 2021 Mamun and Khan.
Obstetrical outcomes and maternal morbidities associated with COVID-19 in pregnant women in France: A national retrospective cohort study; BackgroundAU : Pleaseconfirmthatallheadinglevelsarerepresentedcorrectly: To the best of our knowledge, no study has exhaustively evaluated the association between maternal morbidities and Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVIDAU -19):during Pleasenotethat the first wave wa COVID of the 19 ha pandemic in pregnant women. We investigated, in natural conceptions and assisted reproductive technique (ART) pregnancies, whether maternal morbidities were more frequent in pregnant women with COVID-19 diagnosis compared to pregnant women without COVID-19 diagnosis during the first wave of the COVID-19 pandemic. Methods and findings We conducted a retrospective analysis of prospectively collected data in a national cohort of all hospitalizations for births ≥22 weeks of gestation in France from January to June 2020 using the French national hospitalization database (PMSI). Pregnant women with COVID-19 were identified if they had been recorded in the database using the ICD-10 (International Classification of Disease) code for presence of a hospitalization for COVID-19. A total of 244,645 births were included, of which 874 (0.36%) in the COVID-19 group. Maternal morbidities and adverse obstetrical outcomes among those with or without COVID-19 were analyzed with a multivariable logistic regression model adjusted on patient characteristics. Among pregnant women, older age (31.1 (±5.9) years old versus 30.5 (±5.4) years old, respectively, p < 0.001), obesity (0.7% versus 0.3%, respectively, p < 0.001), multiple pregnancy (0.7% versus 0.4%, respectively, p < 0.001), and history of hypertension (0.9% versus 0.3%, respectively, p < 0.001) were more frequent with COVID-19 diagnosis. Active smoking (0.2% versus 0.4%, respectively, p < 0.001) and primiparity (0.3% versus 0.4%, respectively, p < 0.03) were less frequent with COVID-19 diagnosis. Frequency of ART conception was not different between those with and without COVID-19 diagnosis (p = 0.28). When compared to the non-COVID-19 group, women in the COVID-19 group had a higher frequency of admission to ICU (5.9% versus 0.1%, p < 0.001), mortality (0.2% versus 0.005%, p < 0.001), preeclampsia/eclampsia (4.8% versus 2.2%, p < 0.001), gestational hypertension (2.3% versus 1.3%, p < 0.03), postpartum hemorrhage (10.0% versus 5.7%, p < 0.001), preterm birth at <37 weeks of gestation (16.7% versus 7.1%, p < 0.001), <32 weeks of gestation (2.2% versus 0.8%, p < 0.001), <28 weeks of gestation (2.4% versus 0.8%, p < 0.001), induced preterm birth (5.4% versus 1.4%, p < 0.001), spontaneous preterm birth (11.3% versus 5.7%, p < 0.001), fetal distress (33.0% versus 26.0%, p < 0.001), and cesarean section (33.0% versus 20.2%, p < 0.001). Rates of pregnancy terminations ≥22 weeks of gestation, stillbirths, gestational diabetes, placenta praevia, and placenta abruption were not significantly different between the COVID-19 and non-COVID-19 groups. The number of venous thromboembolic events was too low to perform statistical analysis. A limitation of this study relies in the possibility that asymptomatic infected women were not systematically detected. Conclusions We observed an increased frequency of pregnant women with maternal morbidities and diagnosis of COVID-19 compared to pregnant women without COVID-19. It appears essential to be aware of this, notably in populations at known risk of developing a more severe iledforthoseusedthroughoutthetext:Pleaseverifythatallentriesarecorrect: form of infection or obstetrical morbidities and in order for obstetrical units to better inform pregnant women and provide the best care. Although causality cannot be determined from these associations, these results may be in line with recent recommendations in favor of vaccination for pregnant women. Copyright: © 2021 Epelboin et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Fetal cardiac Doppler changes in gestational diabetic pregnancies and its relationship with perinatal outcomes; Aim: To examine the structural and functional changes of the fetal heart in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to evaluate the power of fetal cardiac Doppler parameters in predicting adverse perinatal outcomes in this group of pregnancy. Methods: Within the study's scope, 36 cases in the A1 GDM group, 33 cases in the A2 GDM group, and 124 cases in the control group were evaluated. The relationship between structural and functional fetal cardiac parameters and perinatal outcomes was evaluated via fetal echocardiography. Results: Fetal left ventricular myocardial performance index (MPI) values were found to be statistically significantly higher when compared between the A1 GDM and A2 GDM groups and the control group (p = 0.000 and p = 0.000, respectively), while the E/A ratio was found to be significantly lower (p = 0.000 and p = 0.000, respectively). It was determined that the maternal blood HbA1c level showed a significant negative correlation with the fetal cardiac E/A ratio and a significant positive correlation with isovolumetric relaxation time and MPI (p = 0.000, p = 0.000, and p = 0.000, respectively). Adverse perinatal outcome rate was higher in the diabetic group (46.4%–22.6%). When the cases with GDM were examined in terms of perinatal outcomes, it was observed that there was a significant difference in HbA1c levels, E/A ratio, and MPI values between the cases in the group with adverse perinatal outcomes and the group with normal results (p = 0.001, p = 0.000, and p = 0.000, respectively). Conclusions: The strong relationship between abnormal cardiac function and adverse perinatal outcomes suggest that cardiac Doppler may be a valuable tool for fetal monitoring and management for the GDM patient group. © 2021 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Developmental effects of (Pre-)gestational diabetes on offspring: Systematic screening using omics approaches; Worldwide, gestational diabetes affects 2–25% of pregnancies. Due to related disturbances of the maternal metabolism during the periconceptional period and pregnancy, children bear an increased risk for future diseases. It is well known that an aberrant intrauterine environment caused by elevated maternal glucose levels is related to elevated risks for increased birth weights and metabolic disorders in later life, such as obesity or type 2 diabetes. The complexity of disturbances induced by maternal diabetes, with multiple underlying mechanisms, makes early diagnosis or prevention a challenging task. Omics technologies allowing holistic quantification of several classes of molecules from biological fluids, cells, or tissues are powerful tools to systematically investigate the effects of maternal diabetes on the offspring in an unbiased manner. Differentially abundant molecules or distinct molecular profiles may serve as diagnostic biomarkers, which may also support the development of preventive and therapeutic strategies. In this review, we summarize key findings from state-of-the-art Omics studies addressing the impact of maternal diabetes on offspring health. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Adipose tissue function in healthy pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and pre-eclampsia; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common disorder of pregnancy with short- and long-term consequences for mother and baby. Pre-eclampsia is of major concern to obstetricians due to its sudden onset and increased morbidity and mortality for mother and baby. The incidence of these conditions continues to increase due to widespread maternal obesity. Maternal obesity is a risk factor for GDM and pre-eclampsia, yet our understanding of the role of adipose tissue and adipocyte biology in their aetiology is very limited. In this article, available data on adipose tissue and adipocyte function in healthy and obese pregnancy and how these are altered in GDM and pre-eclampsia are reviewed. Using our understanding of adipose tissue and adipocyte biology in non-pregnant populations, a role for underlying adipocyte dysfunction in the pathological pathways of these conditions is discussed. © 2021, The Author(s).
The characteristics of intestinal flora in overweight pregnant women and the correlation with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To investigate the characteristics of intestinal flora in overweight pregnant women and the correlation with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: A total of 122 women were enrolled and divided into four groups according to their pre-pregnancy BMI and the presence of GDM: Group 1 (n = 71) with a BMI <24 kg/m2, without GDM; group 2 (n = 27) with a BMI <24 kg/m2, with GDM; group 3 (n = 17) with a BMI ≥24 kg/m2, without GDM; and group 4 (n = 7) with a BMI ≥24 kg/m2 with GDM. Feces were collected on the day that the oral glucose tolerance test was conducted. The V3-V4 variable region of 16S rRNA was sequenced using the Illumina Hiseq 2500 platform, and a bioinformatics analysis was conducted. Results: There were differences between the four groups in the composition of intestinal flora, and it was significantly different in group 4 than in the other three groups. Firmicutes accounted for 36.4% of the intestinal flora in this group, the lowest among the four groups, while Bacteroidetes accounted for 50.1%, the highest among the four groups, making ratio of these two bacteria approximately 3:5, while in the other three groups, this ratio was reversed. In women with a BMI <24 kg/m2, the insulin resistance index (homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR)) in pregnant women with GDM was higher than in those without (P3 = 0.026). Conclusion: The composition of the intestinal flora of pregnant women who were overweight or obese before pregnancy and suffered from GDM was significantly different than women who were not overweight or did not suffer from GDM. © 2021 The authors.
Early Assessment of Cardiac Function by Echocardiography in Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objective. To offer a baseline for clinical diagnosis, echocardiography was performed to evaluate the disparities in heart function comparing pregnant women with diabetes mellitus (GDM) and ordinary pregnant women. Methods. A prospective case-control study is being conducted on pregnant women with or without gestational diabetes. The sample size for both the intervention and control groups is the same: no diabetes diagnosis or previous forms, a single pregnancy, and no issues (such as preeclampsia or fetal growth restriction). The females were all subjected to routine echocardiograms to examine the morphology and function of their left and right hearts. Results. In the research, 51 women with GDM and 50 healthy controls volunteered. Women with GDM had a significantly higher heartrate (82±9 vs. 74±8), left ventricular (LV) relative wall thickness (0.39±0.06 vs. 0.31±0.07; P<0.001), LV early diastolic transmitral valve velocity (E) (0.79±0.14 vs. 0.72±0.13 m/s; P=0.031), and LV late diastolic implementing regulations valve velocity (0.6). Speckle-tracking analysis showed significant decrease in LV right ventricular (RV). A study indicated a reduced pulmonary acceleration time (59±9 vs. 68 ± 12 ms; P=0.001), RV E/A ratio (1.21±0.19 vs. 1.31±0.31; P=0.022), and a greater RV myocardial systolic annular velocity (0.17±0.03 vs. 0.12±0.03; P=0.023). Conclusions. Our results revealed that the heart function of diabetic pregnant women differed considerably from that of the control group, such as LV-RWT, LV diastolic transmitral valve speed, and LV late diastolic transmitral valve speed. Given these results, further research into the postpartum cardiovascular healing of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus is required. © 2022 Pin Wang et al.
Placental pathology associated with maternal age and maternal obesity in singleton pregnancy; Objective: Maternal age, maternal obesity and neonatal sex dimorphism are known to affect pregnancy and neonatal outcome. However, the effects of these factors on specific placental pathology are less well-documented. Study design: Clinical information, placental pathology and neonatal data from singleton delivery were collected at our hospital in March 2020 to October 2021 and correlation studies were performed. Results: A total 3,119 singleton placentas were examined between March 2020 and October 2021 in conjunction with clinical information and neonatal birth data. Advanced maternal age (>35) was significantly associated with a variety of pregnancy complications and placental pathology including preeclampsia/pregnancy induced hypertension (Pre/PIH), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM2), intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), and increased maternal body mass index (BMI) at delivery. Maternal obesity (BMI >30 at the time of delivery) was significantly associated with a variety of clinical features and placental pathology including PRE/PIH, GDM2 and decidual vasculopathy (mural arterial hypertrophy). No specific placental pathology was associated with neonatal sex except for more maternal inflammatory response (MIR, chronic deciduitis) in neonates of male sex. Conclusion: Maternal age and maternal obesity were associated with not only clinical complications of pregnancy and neonatal birth weight but also specific placental pathology. Understanding the effects of maternal and environmental factors will help improve pregnancy outcome. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Cardiovascular Risk Screening and Pregnancy Complications: A Comparison of Two Canadian Maternal Health Clinic Populations; Objective: This study compared pregnancy-related cardiovascular disease risk indicators between women who attended 2 different postpartum screening and education clinics: 1 at an urban tertiary care centre and 1 at a northern, rural community hospital. Risk differences associated with ethnicity were also examined. Methods: We conducted a retrospective record review that compared data from an urban clinic in Kingston, Ontario (n = 675) with those from a rural clinic in Prince Rupert, British Columbia (n = 65). Patients who had a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, idiopathic preterm birth, or placental abruption attended the clinics at 6 months postpartum. Demographic information, personal and family history, physical examination findings, and laboratory results were collected and used to generate cardiovascular risk estimates using validated scoring systems. These estimates were compared between clinic populations and between ethnic subsets. Results: Fifty-five percent of the Prince Rupert cohort were Indigenous, while 87% of the Kingston cohort were White (P < 0.001). A greater proportion of the Kingston cohort had experienced hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (P = 0.002), while a greater proportion of the Prince Rupert cohort had developed gestational diabetes (P=0.010). The Prince Rupert population had higher lifetime and 30-year cardiovascular disease risk scores (P = 0.008 and P = 0.005, respectively). Indigenous patients had more major cardiovascular risk factors as well as higher lifetime and 30-year cardiovascular risk scores (P = 0.001 and P = 0.008, respectively) than White and Asian patients. Conclusion: The increased cardiovascular disease risk in both rural and Indigenous women supports the need for better postpartum care, long-term follow-up, and early promotion of cardiovascular health in these populations. © 2021 The Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada/La Société des obstétriciens et gynécologues du Canada.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and the role of intercurrent type 2 diabetes on long-term risk of cardiovascular events; Recent studies have shown that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk for cardiovascular disease. GDM has also been shown to be a risk factor for type 2 diabetes (T2DM) after pregnancy. However, there is limited evidence regarding the role of intercurrent T2DM on the relationship between GDM and future CVD. Thus, we investigated the risks of incident cardiovascular events among women with GDM during pregnancy compared to women without GDM and whether the increased CVD risk is dependent on intercurrent development of T2DM. We conducted a population-based retrospective cohort study using the Korean National Health Insurance Service claims database. Outcomes were the first occurrence of any CVD (myocardial infarction, treatment with coronary revascularization, heart failure, and cerebrovascular disease). Cox proportional hazard models were used to assess the association between GDM and incident CVD events, using landmark analysis at 4 years. A total of 1,500,168 parous women were included in the analysis, of which 159,066 (10.60%) had GDM. At a median follow-up of 12.8 years, 13,222 incident cases of total CVD were observed. Multivariable-adjusted hazard ratio for total CVD among women with prior GDM, compared with those without GDM, was 1.08 (95% CI 1.02–1.14). Further classifying GDM by progression to T2DM in relation to total CVD risk indicated a positive association for GDM with progression to T2DM vs no GDM or T2DM (HR 1.74; 95% CI 1.40–2.15), and no statistically significant association for GDM only (HR 1.06; 95% CI 1.00–1.12). GDM with subsequent progression to T2DM were linked with an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases. These findings highlight the need for more vigilant postpartum screening for diabetes and the implementation of diabetes interventions in women with a history of GDM to reduce future CVD risk. © 2021, The Author(s).
First trimester metabolomics 1H-NMR study of the urinary profile predicts gestational diabetes mellitus development in obese women; Objective: Obesity is one of the main risk factors for the development gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Thus, we aim to identify changes in the urinary metabolomics profile of obese women at first trimester of pregnancy in order to predict later GDM diagnosis. Research design and methods: In this nested case-control study, urine samples collected in the first trimester of pregnancy obtained from obese women who developed GDM (n = 29) and obese women who did not develop diabetes (n = 25 NO GDM) were analyzed with Nuclear Magnetic Resonance spectroscopy combined with Multivariate Statistical Analysis. GDM diagnosis was obtained with one-step oral glucose load. Results: OPLS-DA significantly separated the GDM women from NO GDM women. Specifically, GDM women were characterized by a higher level of tryptophan, trigonelline, hippurate, and threonine, and lower levels of 1-methylnicotinamide, 3-hydroxykynurenine, glycocholate, isoleucine, kynurenine, and valine compared to NO GDM women. Conclusion: In a prevalently Caucasian population, the changes of some metabolites such as tryptophan, trigonelline, and branch-chained amino acids in the urinary profile of obese women in the first trimester are able to make unequivocal prediction of those which later test positive for GDM. This approach could be useful to diagnose much earlier obese women with GDM allowing lifestyle counselling and other interventions. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Small-for-gestational age placentas associate with an increased risk of adverse outcomes in pregnancies complicated by either type I or type II pre-gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: One-fifth of pregnancies with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (pre-DM) yield placentas <10th percentile small for gestational age (SGA), compared to a non-diabetic population. We hypothesized that SGA placentas of women with pre-DM, whether type I (T1DM) or type II (T2DM), exhibit distinct histopathological changes and pregnancy outcomes compared to pre-DM pregnancies with an AGA placenta. Methods: We conducted a retrospective, cohort study of placentas from pregnant women enrolled in the Diabetes in Pregnancy Program at Brown University between 2003 and 2011, by comparing pre-DM patients with SGA placentas to pre-DM patients with AGA placental weights. Results: The SGA placenta groups were associated with an increased risk for adverse clinical outcomes, compared to AGA placentas in pregnancies complicated by either T1DM or T2DM. Compared to their AGA pre-DM counterparts, T1DM, SGA placentas show increased peri-villous fibrin/fibrinoid deposition, thrombosis in fetal blood vessels, and meconium staining. Moreover, the histopathology of SGA placentas from T2DM is characterized by decidual vasculopathy, accelerated villous maturity, and erythroblastosis, compared to T2DM AGA placentas. The contrasting placental pathologies between the two pre-DM SGA phenotypes evolved independent of patient demographics and were unrelated to indicators of the glycemic control present at early gestational ages. Discussion: A sub-population of pre-DM women with either T1DM or T2DM diabetes that have an SGA placenta are at increased risk for adverse clinical outcomes in pregnancy, compared to pre-DM women with AGA placental weights. © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
The Diabetes-Cardiovascular Connection in Women: Understanding the Known Risks, Outcomes, and Implications for Care; Purpose of Review: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) complications constitute about 50–70% of mortality in people with diabetes. However, there remains a persistently greater relative increase in CVD morbidity and mortality in women with diabetes than in their male counterparts. This review presents recent evidence for the risks, outcomes, and management implications for women with diabetes. Recent Findings: Compared to men, women have higher BMI and more adverse cardiovascular risk profile at time of diabetes diagnosis with greater risk for coronary heart disease, stroke, vascular dementia, and heart failure. Pregnancy-specific risk factors of gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia are associated with future type 2 diabetes (T2D) and CVD. Women with T2D may experience greater benefits than men from GLP-1 receptor agonists. Summary: Women with diabetes are at greater relative risk for CVD complications than men, with poorer outcomes, superimposed on preexisting gender disparities in social determinants of health, lower likelihood of being offered cardioprotective interventions, and enrollment in trials. Further research and the utilization of SGLT-2 inhibitors, GLP-1 receptor agonists, and other CVD prevention strategies will help reduce morbidity and mortality. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders in patients with intracranial aneurysms: A case–control study; Background and purpose: The aim of this study was to define the prevalence of pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension (HT), chronic HT, and gestational diabetes during pregnancy in a defined population of patients with saccular intracranial aneurysms (sIAs). Methods: We included all patients with sIA, first admitted to the Neurosurgery Department of Kuopio University Hospital from its defined catchment population between 1990 and 2015, who had given birth for the first time in 1990 or later. The patients’ medical records were reviewed, and clinical data were linked with prescription drug usage, hospital diagnoses and causes of death, obtained from nationwide registries. The prevalences of pre-eclampsia, other hypertensive disorders and gestational diabetes in patients were compared with a matched control population (n = 324). In addition, the characteristics of sIA disease in patients with pre-eclampsia were compared to those of sIA patients without pre-eclampsia. Results: A total of 169 patients with sIA fulfilled the inclusion criteria. Of these, 22 (13%) had pre-eclampsia and 32 (19%) had other hypertensive disorders during pregnancy. In 324 matched controls who had given birth, the prevalence of pre-eclampsia was 5% (n = 15) and other hypertensive disorders were diagnosed in 10% (n = 34). There was no significant difference in prevalence of gestational diabetes (12% vs. 11%). Patients with sIA with pre-eclampsia more frequently had irregularly shaped aneurysms (p = 0·003). Conclusions: Pre-eclampsia was significantly more frequent in patients with sIA than in their population controls. Irregularly shaped aneurysms were more frequent in sIA patients with pre-eclampsia. Further studies are required to determine whether history of pre-eclampsia may indicate an elevated risk for sIA formation or rupture. © 2021 European Academy of Neurology.
Type 2 diabetes, prediabetes, and gestational diabetes mellitus; Globally, diabetes of all types has reached epidemic levels, and the number of cases is expected to continue to rise as a result of unhealthful lifestyles, environmental factors, and genetics. The treatment of type 2 diabetes (the majority of cases) encompasses an individualized treatment plan that includes education, blood glucose management, cardiovascular disease risk reduction, and continued screening for microvascular complications to prevent or delay chronic complications of diabetes. Exercise and physical activity are essential to longevity and health in individuals with type 2 diabetes or prediabetes (a state of glucose intolerance) and critical in the prevention and management of diabetes that develops during pregnancy (gestational). All individuals can benefit from meeting the recommended guidelines for weekly amounts and modes of physical activity for their age groups, regardless of the type of diabetes. Special considerations may be necessary when an individual has any diabetes-related health issues, such as nephropathy, neuropathy, retinopathy, cardiovascular disease, or pregnancy complications, but in most cases, physical activity can be safely undertaken with appropriate precautions. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Elective cesarean delivery and long-term cardiovascular morbidity in the offspring–a population-based cohort analysis; Objective: To evaluate the impact of cesarean delivery (CD) on offspring risk for long-term cardiovascular morbidity. Study design: A population-based cohort analysis was performed, including all singleton term deliveries occurring between 1991 and 2014 at a single tertiary medical center. A comparison was performed between children delivered via CD and those delivered vaginally. Fetuses with cardiac or other congenital malformations were excluded, as were cases of urgent CD and pregnancies involving preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, placenta previa, labor induction, fetal growth restriction, preterm PROM, and instrumental deliveries. Hospitalizations of the offspring up to 18 years of age involving cardiovascular morbidity were compared between the two study groups. A Kaplan–Meier survival curve compared cumulative cardiovascular morbidity incidence and a Cox regression model controlled for confounders. Results: Of the 132,054 term deliveries who met the inclusion criteria; 8.9% were CDs (n = 11,746) and 91.1% (n = 120,308) were vaginal deliveries. Cardiovascular hospitalization incidence per 1000 person follow up years was 0.742 in the CD group and 0.054 in the comparison group (HR = 1.3, 95%CI 1.051–1.710, p =.018). The Kaplan–Meier survival curve demonstrated a significantly higher cumulative incidence of cardiovascular morbidity following CD (log rank p =.018). In the Cox proportional hazards model, CD was noted as an independent risk factor for offspring long-term pediatric cardiovascular morbidity (adjusted HR = 1.295, CI 1.005–1.668, p =.04) when controlling for maternal age, obesity, ethnicity, gestational age, newborn gender, low birthweight, maternal preexisting cardiovascular disease, and deliveries occurring after 2008. Conclusion: Singletons delivered by CD at term have an increased risk of long-term cardiovascular morbidity. © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Diagnostic Approaches and Maternal-Offspring Complications; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common complication during pregnancy and is defined as any degree of glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. GDM is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term offspring and maternal complications. For GDM screening and diagnosis, a two-step approach (1-hour 50 g glucose challenge test followed by 3-hour 100 g oral glucose tolerance test) has been widely used. After the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study implemented a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test in all pregnant women, a one-step approach was recommended as an option for the diagnosis of GDM after 2010. The one-step approach has more than doubled the incidence of GDM, but its clinical benefit in reducing adverse pregnancy outcomes remains controversial. Long-term complications of mothers with GDM include type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease, and complications of their offspring include childhood obesity and glucose intolerance. The diagnostic criteria of GDM should properly classify women at risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term complications. The present review summarizes the strengths and weaknesses of the one-step and two-step approaches for the diagnosis of GDM based on recent randomized controlled trials and observational studies. We also describe the long-term maternal and offspring complications of GDM. Copyright © 2022 Korean Diabetes Association
Impaired vagal adaptation to an exercise task in women with gestational diabetes mellitus versus women with uncomplicated pregnancies; Purpose: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk for maternal and fetal complications. Patients with GDM have an increased cardiovascular risk in later life. The aim of this study was to investigate cardiac autonomic nervous system (ANS) function at rest and during exercise in women with GDM vs. women with uncomplicated pregnancies. Methods: Thirty-six normotensive pregnant women (21 with GDM and 15 age- and parity-matched women with an uncomplicated pregnancy) were enrolled in this case–control study. Continuous beat-by-beat blood pressure (BP) measurements were recorded during rest, intermittent handgrip exercise, and recovery (via photoplethysmography, Finapres®). Heart rate variability (HRV) (Kubios®) was used for the assessment of autonomic nervous system function. Results: The groups were similar in age, gestational week, and handgrip strength. At rest, no differences in HRV indices [root mean square of successive differences (RMSSD), standard deviation Poincaré plot 1, and 2 (SD1, SD2), SD2/SD1 ratio] were detected between women with GDM and women with an uncomplicated pregnancy. However, during exercise, a different pattern in the HRV responses was detected: in the control group, RMSSD and SD1 (indices of parasympathetic function) significantly decreased (p < 0.001) during handgrip exercise and returned to baseline during recovery. In contrast, in GDM, the above HRV indices remained unaltered throughout the protocol. Conclusion: Normotensive women with GDM present impaired parasympathetic system ability to adapt to an exercise stimulus, as suggested by the blunted sensitivity in RMSSD and SD1. This finding suggests early alterations in ANS may exist in women with GDM, even when no differences are detected in resting conditions. © 2021, Hellenic Endocrine Society.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and early prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus using machine learning methods; Background/Aims: To develop an early prediction model for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using machine learning and to evaluate whether the inclusion of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD)-associated variables increases the performance of model. Methods: This prospective cohort study evaluated pregnant women for NAFLD using ultrasound at 10–14 weeks and screened them for GDM at 24–28 weeks of gestation. The clinical variables before 14 weeks were used to develop prediction models for GDM (setting 1, conventional risk factors; setting 2, addition of new risk factors in recent guidelines; setting 3, addition of routine clinical variables; setting 4, addition of NALFD-associated variables, including the presence of NAFLD and laboratory results; and setting 5, top 11 variables identified from a stepwise variable selection method). The predictive models were constructed using machine learning methods, including logistic regression, random forest, support vector machine, and deep neural networks. Results: Among 1,443 women, 86 (6.0%) were diagnosed with GDM. The highest performing prediction model among settings 1–4 was setting 4, which included both clinical and NAFLD-associated variables (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve [AUC] 0.563–0.697 in settings 1–3 vs. 0.740–0.781 in setting 4). Setting 5, with top 11 variables (which included NAFLD and hepatic steatosis index), showed similar predictive power to setting 4 (AUC 0.719– 0.819 in setting 5, P=not significant between settings 4 and 5). Conclusions: We developed an early prediction model for GDM using machine learning. The inclusion of NAFLD-associated variables significantly improved the performance of GDM prediction. (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02276144) (Clin Mol Hepatol 2022;28:105-116). © 2022 by Korean Association for the Study of the Liver.
Gestational diabetes mellitus - A metabolic and reproductive disorder; Maternal health associated with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) has been gaining significant research attention due to its severe risk and adverse health effects. GDM is the leading health disease in pregnant women. It is the most common metabolic disease and it can affect up to 25% of women during pregnancy. Pregnancy is a sensitive period that impacts both pregnant women and their unborn children's long-term health. It is a well-known fact that the leading causes of disease and mortality worldwide are diabetes mellitus and cancer, and specifically, women with diabetes mellitus are at a higher risk of developing breast cancer (BC). Women who have diabetes are equally vulnerable to reproductive diseases. Reproductive dysfunctions with diabetes are mainly attributed to coexisting polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), obesity, and hyperinsulinemia, etc. Moreover, India has long been recognized as the world's diabetic capital, and it is widely acknowledged that particularly pregnant and lactating women are among the most affected by diabetes. In India, one-third (33%) of women with GDM had a history of maternal diabetes. Nevertheless, the latest research suggests that gestational diabetes is also a risk factor for cardiometabolic diseases of the mother and offspring. Therefore, in the 21st century, GDM imposes a major challenge for healthcare professionals. We intend to explore the role of diabetes on female reproductive function throughout various stages of life in the perspective of the changing prognosis, prevalence, and prevention of GDM. © 2021
Variations in Awareness of Association Between Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Cardiovascular Risk by Specialty; Introduction: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death among women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), including pre-eclampsia (PE), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pre-term birth (PTB) are associated with future maternal CVD risk. However, data on awareness of the association between APOs and long-term CVD risk among physicians in different specialties are lacking. This study assessed awareness of this association and whether this knowledge varies by specialty. Methods: An anonymous web-based voluntary survey was sent to physicians in internal medicine (IM), family medicine (FM), obstetrics-gynecology (Ob-Gyn) and cardiology. The questions aimed to assess a physician’s knowledge regarding identification of APOs and their association with future CVD risk and knowledge of CVD risk factor screening in women with APOs and future CVD risk. Results: The survey was completed by 53 physicians, of whom 21% were in IM, 26% in FM, 23% in Ob-Gyn and 30% in cardiology. Based on the responses, cardiologists screened most frequently for APOs, with 56% always screening a female patient and 31% often screening. Only half of the IM and FM physicians acknowledged awareness of the association between APOs and CVD risk. Respondents in all specialties recognized PE and GDM as APOs linked to long-term maternal CVD risk, but failed to associate PTB as an APO. The majority of physicians in IM, FM and cardiology also lacked the knowledge of how often to appropriately screen for CVD risk factors associated with APOs. Conclusion: Awareness of the association between APO and future maternal CVD risk varies by specialty. A significant percentage of the physicians who responded to the survey did not routinely ask about APOs when assessing CVD risk and failed to identify PTB as a risk factor for APOs. Education on this topic and targeted efforts to improve screening for APOs are needed within all specialties to help reduce CVD morbidity and mortality. © 2021, The Author(s).
Pheochromocytoma in pregnancy: a case report; A case of large 11cm phaeochromocytoma at 35 weeks with preceding diagnoses of pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes (GDM), which confounded initial management. © NZMA
Stillbirth in women with diabetes: a retrospective analysis of fetal autopsy reports; Introduction: Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with an increased rate of stillbirth. There are a wide variety of factors that have been implicated including placental insufficiency, hypoxia, hyperinsulinemia and impaired cardiac function. Furthermore, there is evidence that diabetic pregnancies have an increased rate of fetal cardiomyopathy as compared to non-diabetic pregnancies. Prior studies have indicated that this association can also be an etiology for diabetic stillbirth. The purpose of this study was to determine if diabetic pregnancies have an increased risk of fetal cardiomyopathy identified on fetal autopsy as compared to non-diabetic women with a stillbirth in a cohort of pregnancies that had evaluation with a fetal autopsy. Materials and methods: Retrospective cohort study of women with a stillbirth who consented to fetal autopsy at an academic medical center from 2011 to 2017. Stillbirth was defined as an intrauterine fetal demise at ≥20 weeks’ gestation. Women with diabetes defined as pre-gestational diabetes type 1, pre-gestational diabetes type 2, and gestational diabetes were compared to women without diabetes. Primary outcome was fetal cardiomyopathy. Other etiologies for stillbirth were also evaluated and classified according to the Stillbirth Collaborative Research Network (SCRN) initial causes of fetal death. Fisher exact test, χ2 test, and Mann Whitney U tests were performed as appropriate, with p <.05 considered significant. Generalized linear models were performed for fetal organ weights controlling for gestational age of delivery, maternal chronic hypertension, delivery body mass index, and birthweight. Results: A total of 78 women elected to have fetal autopsy examinations during the study period. Of these, 75 had complete information available for review. A total of 60 women did not have diabetes and 15 women had diabetes. Of pregnancies complicated by diabetes, 11 had insulin dependent diabetes and 4 had non-insulin dependent diabetes. Fetal cardiomyopathy was diagnosed on autopsy for 7 (46.7%) of pregnancies with diabetes and 2 (3.3% of pregnancies without diabetes (RR 14.00 [95% CI 3.23–60.65], p <.001). These associations were still significant even when analyzing only those pregnancies without fetal congenital heart disease (7 [46.7%] diabetic pregnancies with cardiomyopathy versus 1 [2.0%] nondiabetic pregnancy with cardiomyopathy, RR 23.80 [95% CI 3.17–178.46], p <.001). There was no difference between diabetic and non-diabetic pregnancies in regards to other causes for stillbirth. Stillbirths in pregnancies with diabetes also had larger fetal heart, liver, and adrenal weights on fetal autopsy. Conclusion: Women with diabetes have 14 times the risk of fetal cardiomyopathy identified at fetal autopsy as compared to women without diabetes. As the prediction and prevention of diabetic stillbirth is limited, information on potential causes of stillbirth may help future research identify those pregnancies at the greatest risk for adverse outcome. © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Exercise-Diet Therapy Combined with Insulin Aspart Injection for the Treatment of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Study on Clinical Effect and Its Impact; Objective. To explore the clinical effect and impact of exercise-diet therapy combined with Insulin Aspart Injection on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods. The objects of study were patients with pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and 62 patients with GDM who were diagnosed by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and insulin release test from February 2017 to February 2019. According to the severity of the disease, enrolled patients were informed to have appropriate exercise and diet control or Insulin Aspart Injection on this basis until the completion of delivery. By using 50 pregnant women with normal glucose as the control, the fasting plasma glucose (FPG), 1-hour postprandial glucose (1hPG), 2-hour postprandial glucose (2hPG), nocturnal glucose, and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels were compared between the PGDM group and the GDM group before and after treatment; besides, further comparison was made in terms of glucose compliance rate, islet B-cell secretory function, and insulin resistance after treatment. The pregnant women were examined by B-ultrasound at 24 and 26 weeks of gestation to check if the fetus had abnormalities in the central nervous system and the heart. Further B-ultrasound examination was performed at 32 and 37 weeks of gestation to check the problems such as polyhydramnios and stillbirth. In addition, a comparative analysis was carried out in terms of the adverse pregnancy outcomes and complications, associated with the comparison of the results after treatment with control group. Results. After treatment, the levels of FPG, 1hPG, 2hPG, nocturnal glucose, and HbA1c were decreased in the PGDM group and GDM group than those before treatment, especially in the GDM group, with significant difference still when compared with the control group (P<0.05). Statistical analysis revealed that the blood glucose compliance rate in the GDM group was higher than that in the PGDM group, showing a better therapeutic effect. Fasting insulin (FINS) and homeostasis model assessment index for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) in the GDM group were significantly higher than those in control group, but lower than those in the PGDM group (P<0.01), while the level of HOMA-β was lower in the GDM group than that in the control group and higher than that in PGDM (P<0.01). Further ultrasound examination revealed the presence of fetal cardiac abnormality, polyhydramnios, stillbirth, and problems, showing a higher incidence in the PGDM group but almost nonexistence in the control group. In addition, the incidence of hypertension, macrosomia, premature rupture of membranes, postpartum hemorrhage, and infection were obviously higher in the PGDM group than those in the GDM group and control group (P<0.05). Conclusion. Exercise-diet therapy combined with Insulin Aspart Injection can effectively control the blood glucose level of pregnant patients with GDM, improve the pregnancy outcome to a certain extent, and ensure the health of pregnant women and fetus, which is worthy of clinical application.  © 2022 Amei Mu et al.
Childbirth and motherhood in women with motor disability due to a rare condition: an exploratory study; Background: Rare diseases may result in motor impairment, which in turn may affect parenthood. Our purpose was to evaluate perinatal outcomes, parenting needs, mother-infant interactions and infant development in a set of volunteer women with motor impairment due to a rare disease. In a parenting support institution, we recruited a consecutive series of 22 volunteer pregnant women or young mothers, recorded perinatal outcomes, and followed mother-infant interaction and relationship and infant development up to 14 months postpartum. Cases with intellectual or psychic disability were not included. Results: There were 11 genetic diseases (2 Spinal Muscular Atrophy, 1 Charcot-Marie-Tooth, 1 autosomal dominants myopathy, 1 mitochondrial disease, 2 Elhers-Danlos, 1 Friedreich ataxia, 1 spinocerebellar ataxia, 1 tetrahydrobiopterine deficiency,1 Ectrodactyly), and 11 rare non-genetic conditions (2 spine tumors, 2 strokes, 1 juvenile chronic arthritis, 3 birth injuries, 1 inflammatory myopathy, 1 congenital amputation, and 1 traumatic amputation). These resulted in 10 impairments of four limbs, 4 impairments of both lower limbs, 7 unilateral impairments, and one distal tremor. Social deprivation Epices score, Cutrona social support scale, Edinburg Postnatal Depression scale, and Spielberger State/Trait Anxiety Inventory were unremarkable. Perinatal outcome: 4 gestational diabetes, 1 pre-eclampsia, 9 caesareans, 6 assisted and 7 spontaneous vaginal deliveries, 20 term live-births and 2 premature deliveries (35–36 weeks). Twelve women declared they were self-sufficient for daily activities; six declared they were self-sufficient to provide basic care to their baby. Distribution of the Brunet-Lezine child development score was normal. The parent-infant relationship global assessment scale (PIR-GAS) was well adapted in 2 cases, adapted in 8, perturbed in 7, significantly perturbed in 2, and distressed in 3 (mean 71.8; 95% CI 49.6–93.9). This was unrelated to any somatic or emotional characteristics of the participants. Coding interactive behavior revealed that infant engagement was lower and infant avoidance greater than in controls (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Infant development was normal, but mother-infant interactions were altered in half of the participants independently from the degree of motor impairment, underscoring the need for parenting support, even for parents who are self-sufficient in daily activities. © 2021, The Author(s).
The cardiovascular, metabolic, fetal and neonatal effects of CPAP use in pregnant women: a systematic review; Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is the standard treatment for obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), but its outcomes for the pregnant are still undefined. This study aims to review current CPAP intervention during pregnancy, discuss published trials, and propose relevant issues that have yet to be addressed satisfactorily about the cardiovascular, metabolic, fetal, and neonatal effects of CPAP treatment during gestation. Two authors independently conducted a systematic review until March 28th, 2021 on PubMed, BVS, and Cochrane Library, using PRISMA guidelines, and risk of bias. Discrepancies were reconciled by a third reviewer. Of 59 identified citations, eight original trials have submitted a total of 90 pregnant women to polysomnography and CPAP therapy. Four studies performed in samples with hypertension or preeclampsia presented blood pressure decrease or maintained the antihypertensive drug dose in the CPAP group. After CPAP utilization, one trial registered cardiac output and stroke volume increase with heart rate and peripheral vascular resistance decrease, which were correlated with birth weight increment. Others documented a higher Apgar in the CPAP group and more fetal movements during CPAP use. There was a reduction in serum uric acid and tumor necrosis factor-alpha in the CPAP groups whose blood pressure decreased. However, two weeks of CPAP use in women with gestational diabetes and OSA did not improve glucose levels but raised the insulin secretion in those adherents to CPAP. Despite these positive results without adverse effects, randomized controlled trials with standardized follow-up in larger populations are required to determine CPAP therapy recommendations in pregnancy. © 2022 Brazilian Association of Sleep and Latin American Federation of Sleep Societies. All rights reserved.
Management of cardiovascular risk factors during pregnancy; Cardiovascular (CV) risk factors are rising among women of reproductive age. Obesity, hyperlipidaemia, diabetes, and hypertension are associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and increased CV disease (CVD) risk following pregnancy. Pre-conception counselling and longitudinal postpartum follow-up with ongoing CV risk factor screening are critical for early CVD prevention, though significant racial/ethnic disparities in access to care result in significant gaps. This review summarises the recommended management of CV risk factors during and after pregnancy. For obesity, prevention of excessive weight gain is critical. Except in rare cases, lipid-lowering therapies for women with hyperlipidaemia should be stopped before pregnancy. Women with diabetes in pregnancy should maintain tight glucose control, with hemolgobin A1c (HbA1c) <6.5% to prevent congenital abnormalities. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are associated with high maternal and neonatal morbidity and require long-term follow-up to prevent future CVD. Finally, this review highlights the lack of clinical trials informing optimal treatment strategies of CV risk factors during and after pregnancy. Further research is needed to better understand how to improve long-term CV health among this high-risk population. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2022. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Type 2 diabetes control and complications and their relation to serum magnesium level; Introduction: Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a growing health problem nationally and worldwide. Magnesium is an important mineral that is essential for a wide range of metabolic reactions. Here, our primary goal was to determine the prevalence of hypomagnesemia and its relationship to glycemic control, cardiovascular markers, and T2D-related complications. Material and methods: A cross-sectional study was performed from September 2015 to March 2017 including adult patients with T2D who attended the Endocrine and Diabetes Center, Taif, Saudi Arabia. Those with known hypomagnesemia, patients with type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes, patients with end-stage renal disease, and those on magnesium supplementations were excluded. Those with a serum magnesium level < 0.7 mmol/l were considered to have hypomagnesemia. Otherwise, patients were considered to have a normal serum Mg level. Results: A total of 285 patients with a mean age of 59.4 ±12.7 years were enrolled. The majority of patients were female, with long-standing T2D, with a mean body mass index in the obesity category, and most of them had comorbid conditions. Twenty-eight percent of the screened T2D patients had hypomagnesemia and this group were more likely to have a bachelor degree (p = 0.034), to be on metformin, statin, and glargine insulin (all p < 0.05), have worse glycemic control (p < 0.05), and a higher pulse rate (p = 0.039), but were less likely to be on diet control (p = 0.034) when compared to those with a normal Mg level. Conclusions: Almost one-third of the screened T2D patients have hypomagnesemia. Hypomagnesemia was associated with the treatment modalities, worse glycemic control, and with peripheral artery disease. Copyright © 2022 Termedia & Banach.
The risk and added values of the atherosclerotic cardiovascular risk enhancers on prediction of cardiovascular events: Tehran lipid and glucose study; Background: In 2013 American College of Cardiology and the American Heart Association released a guideline on the management of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) including a composite of death from CVD, non-fatal myocardial infarction, or non-fatal stroke (hard CVD). This guideline recommended a risk score that was calculated using pooled cohort equations (ASCVD-PCE). The guideline was updated in 2018/2019 and further risk discussion was suggested for deciding whether to continue or initiate statin therapy among non-diabetic individuals with ASCVD-PCE score ranged 5–20%. They recommended a risk discussion with considering risk enhancing factors (ASCVD-REFs) including family history of premature CVD, chronic kidney disease, triglycerides ≥ 175 mg/dl, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) ≥ 160 mg/dl, metabolic syndrome (Mets), and for women premature menopause, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). In the current study, we aimed to examine the predictability of recommended ASCVD-REFs on incident hard CVD in non-diabetic individuals with LDL-C 70-189 mg/dl, with ASCVD-PCE risk 5–20% during 10 and 15-year follow-up. Methods: Among a total of 3546 non-diabetic individuals aged 40-75 years, after excluding those with ASCVD-PCE score < 5% and ≥ 20% (n = 2342), 1204 individuals (women = 332) were included. The univariable and multivariable (further adjusted for ASCVD-PCE) Cox regression analysis were used to evaluate the association of each potential ASCVD-REFs with hard CVD. Additionnaly, the role of different components of Mets and a history of gestational diabetes (GDM)/macrosomia was also examined. The predictive ability of each significant ASCVD-REFs, then was evaluated by the discrimination accuracy and risk reclassification index. Results: During the 10-year follow-up, 73 hard CVD events occurred. Although in univariable analysis, high blood pressure (BP) component of Mets, GDM/macrosomia, and HDP remained as significant ASCVD-REFs, in the multivariable analysis, only the history of HDP (5.35 (1.22–23.38)) and GDM/macrosomia (3.18 (1.05–9.65)) showed independent risks. During the 15-year follow-up, Mets (1.47 (1.05–2.06)) and its components of high waist circumference (1.40 (1.0–1.95)) and high BP (1.52 (1.07–2.15)) significantly increased the risk. These ASCVD-REFs did not improve discrimination or predictive ability. Conclusions: In a decade follow-up, only conditions specific for women and in longer follow-up, the presence of Mets perse, and its components of high WC and high BP were shown as significant ASCVD-REFs. © 2021, The Author(s).
Diabetes and Alzheimer’s disease: association or cause; Diabetes is a chronic metabolic disease characterized by hyperglycaemia. It is categorized into three types: type-I diabetes (T1D), type-II diabetes (T2D) and gestational diabetes (GD). Alzheimer’s disease (AD), a neurodegenerative disorder, is slowly gaining the attention of scientists due to its undeniable connectivity to diabetes. Multiple epidemiological studies have found a direct correlation between T2D and AD, with patients suffering from T2D developing AD-like symptoms at an advanced age. With a multitude of similar cellular and molecular mechanisms existing between the two diseases, AD can be categorized as ‘Type-3 diabetes’. © 2022. Current Science. All Rights Reserved.
Biochemical profiling study in umbilical cord blood in mothers with metabolic disorders; Background: During pregnancy metabolic disorders that affect differently the fetus, are known. These could be early or late disorders Objectives: To analyze different biochemical parameters in umbilical cord blood (UCB) of healthy and pathological newborns from mothers with metabolic disorders. Materials and methods: Samples from UCB (121) were analyzed of newborn from mothers with metabolic disorders who attended at Obstetrics Division. Patients were consecutive, prospective and transversally studied. Newborn were classified as healthy (n = 65) and pathological (n = 56). The maternal metabolic disorders were gestational or non-gestational diabetes, glucose intolerance, insulin resistance and/or obesity).The disorders of the pathological newborns were intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and/or fetal distress. Glucose (Glu), urea, creatinine, uric acid (UA), total bilirubin (TB), total proteins (TP), albumin (Alb), transaminases (ALT/AST), alkaline-phosphatase (ALP), gammaglutamyltranspeptidase (GGT), creatinkinasa (CK), lactatedehydrogenase, amylase (amy), pseudocholinesterase, iron, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium (Mg), sodium, potassium, chlorine, cholesterol (Chol), HDL-Chol, LDL-Chol, triglycerides (TG), high sensitivity C reactive protein (hsCRP) were determined by recommended methods. T-Student’s and Mann Withney tests were applied, p <.05. Results: Pathological neonates (n: 56) showed a significant decrease in maternal gestation weeks (GW) and in newborn weight (NW) with respect to healthy newborns (n: 65) from mothers with metabolic disorders (p <.0001). Pathological neonates from mothers with metabolic pathologies (n: 56) showed significant increases in Chol, TG, TB (p <.01), LDL-Chol, UA, Mg, hsCRP, ALP levels (p <.05) and significant decreases in TP, Alb (p <.0001) and Glu, ALT, CK, GGT, amy (p <.05) in UCB with respect to healthy newborns Conclusions: In pathological newborn, the decrease in GW and NW would be related to IUGR that accompany these metabolic disorders. The increases observed of the analyzed parameters would be related to cellular destruction associated to maternal pathology and decreases of the parameters to IUGR with hepatic immaturity. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Evaluation of right side foetal myocardial performance index in pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus; The aim of our study is to investigate the myocardial performance index (MPI) of the right side of the foetal heart in pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus and to compare it with non-diabetic pregnancies. This prospective cross-sectional study was conducted between August 2018 and March 2019 at Kanuni Sultan Suleyman Research and Training Hospital. Women with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus at 24–34 weeks of gestation were included in the study and non-diabetic pregnant women were included as the control group. MPI of the right side of the foetal heart were evaluated and compared between the groups. A total of 65 pregestational or gestational diabetic patients and 65 non-diabetic patients were included in the study. Isovolumetric contraction time and isovolumetric relaxation time values were significantly longer in the diabetic group (p <.001). Ejection time values were significantly shorter in the diabetic group (p <.001). MPI values were significantly higher in the diabetic group than the non-diabetic group (p <.001). In conclusion, MPI of the right side of the foetal heart is significantly higher in pregestational and gestational diabetes than in the non-diabetic group.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? Gestational diabetes mellitus causes foetal cardiomyopathy and foetal diastolic dysfunction. Myocardial performance index (MPI) is a non-invasive, Doppler-derived myocardial performance assessment that is independent of both heart rate and ventricular anatomy. What do the results of this study add? MPI of the right side of the foetal heart was significantly higher in pregestational and gestational diabetes than in the non-diabetic group. There was no difference in right ventricular MPI between pregestational and gestational groups in diabetic pregnancies, and between insulin using and not insulin using groups. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Our study results are promising. MPI of the right side of the foetal heart is significantly higher in pregestational and gestational diabetes than in the non-diabetic group. Prospective cohort studies evaluating serial MPI and evaluating by postpartum foetal echocardiography are needed to evaluate possible adverse effects of diabetes on foetal cardiac functions. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Intrapartal cardiotocographic patterns and hypoxia-related perinatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims: In previous reports, cardiotocographic (CTG) fetal heart rate (FHR) monitoring has shown only limited benefits in decreasing adverse perinatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of the present study was to evaluate whether an association exists between the recently reported ZigZag pattern (FHR baseline amplitude changes of > 25 bpm with a duration of 2–30 min) and asphyxia-related neonatal outcomes in GDM pregnancies. Methods: Intrapartal CTGs were recorded in a one-year cohort of 5150 singleton childbirths. The following CTG changes were evaluated: ZigZag pattern, saltatory pattern, late decelerations, episodes of tachycardia and bradycardia, reduced variability, and uterine tachysystole. The cohort was divided into three groups: women with GDM, women with normal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and women with no OGTT performed. Umbilical artery (UA) blood gases, Apgar scores, neonatal respiratory distress, and neonatal encephalopathy were used as outcome variables. Results: GDM was diagnosed in 624 (12.1%), OGTT was normal in 4115 (79.9%), and OGTT was not performed in 411 (8.0%) women. Hypoxia-related ZigZag patterns (OR 1.94, 95% CI 1.64–2.34) and late decelerations (OR 1.65, 95% CI 1.27–2.13) of FHR, as well as a greater risk of fetal asphyxia (UA pH < 7.10 and/or UA BE < -12.0 meq/L and/or Apgar scores < 7 at 5-min) (OR 6.64, 95% CI 1.84–12.03) were observed in those with GDM compared with those without GDM. Conclusions: GDM is associated with intrapartal ZigZag pattern and late decelerations, cord blood acidemia and low 5-min Apgar scores at birth indicating increased occurrence of fetal hypoxia in GDM pregnancies. © 2021, The Author(s).
Non-Invasive Detection of Fetal Vascular Endothelial Function in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objectives: Endothelial dysfunction in the fetuses of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with their subsequent cardiovascular events. Prenatal assessment of endothelial function in fetuses exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemic environment remains challenging. The aim of this study was to assess the fetal vascular endothelial function in GDM patients using color M-mode derived aortic propagation velocity (APV) and evaluate the correlation of APV with endothelial function biomarkers. Methods: This observational cross-sectional study included 31 gestational diabetic mothers and 30 healthy pregnant mothers from August 2019 to January 2020. Clinical data were compared between the groups. Fetal APV was measured using color M-mode echocardiography at late gestation. Concentrations of endothelial biomarkers including von Willebrand Factor (vWF), vascular endothelial-cadherin and endothelin-1 in umbilical cord serum were assessed. Measurements between diabetic group and controls were compared. Results: vWF was the only endothelial functional marker that differed between the two groups. Fetuses in the GDM group had significantly lower APV levels and higher vWF levels compared with the healthy controls (P < 0.05). There was a moderate but significant correlation between APV and vWF (r =−0.58, P < 0.001). There were no associations between APV and ventricular wall thickness or umbilical artery pulsatility index. Conclusions: Color M-mode propagation velocity of aorta is a non-invasive, practical method that correlates well with GDM and fetal endothelial function. This novel metric could contribute to recognizing early vascular functional alterations and hence represents a potential strategy for early risk factor surveillance and risk modification. Copyright © 2021 Chen, Huang, Liu, Zeng, Tang, Lei, Wang, Jiang, Shentu and Wang.
Evaluation of ultrasound measurements of abdominal fat for the prediction of gestational diabetes in the first and second trimesters of pregnancy; Objective: To evaluate whether ultrasound abdominal fat measurements in the first and second trimesters can predict adverse gestational outcomes, particularly gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and identify early patients at higher risk for complications. Methods: A prospective cohort study of 126 pregnant women at 11–14 and 20–24 weeks of gestation with normal fasting glucose levels during early pregnancy. From 126 participants with complete data, 13.5% were diagnosed with GDM, based on the cutoffs established for the peripherical blood glucose. Subcutaneous, visceral, and maximum preperitoneal abdominal fat were measured using ultrasound techniques. GDM status was determined by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with 75 g glucose overload, and the following values were considered abnormal: fasting glucose ≥92 mg/dl and/or 1 h after overload ≥180 mg/dl and/or 2 h after overload ≥153 mg/dl. The receiver operator characteristic (ROC) curve was used to determine the optimal threshold to predict GDM. Results: Maximum preperitoneal fat measurement was predictive of GDM, and subcutaneous and visceral abdominal fat measurements did not show significant differences in the prediction of GDM. According to the ROC curve, a threshold of 45.25 mm of preperitoneal fat was identified as the optimal cutoff point, with 87% sensitivity and 41% specificity to predict GDM. The raw and adjusted odds ratios for age and pre-pregnancy body mass index were 0.730 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.561–0.900) and 0.777 (95% CI, 0.623–0.931), respectively. Conclusion: The use of a 45.25 mm threshold for maximum preperitoneal fat, measured by ultrasound to predict the risk of GDM, appears to be a feasible, inexpensive, and practical alternative to incorporate into clinical practice during the first trimester of pregnancy. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Maternal obesity increases the risk and severity of NAFLD in offspring; Background & Aims: Maternal obesity has been linked to the development of cardiovascular disease and diabetes in offspring, but its relationship to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is unclear. Methods: Through the nationwide ESPRESSO cohort study we identified all individuals ≤25 years of age in Sweden with biopsy-verified NAFLD diagnosed between 1992 and 2016 (n = 165). These were matched by age, sex, and calendar year with up to 5 controls (n = 717). Through linkage with the nationwide Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR) we retrieved data on maternal early-pregnancy BMI, and possible confounders, in order to calculate adjusted odds ratios (aORs) for NAFLD in offspring. Results: Maternal BMI was associated with NAFLD in offspring: underweight (aOR 0.84; 95% CI 0.14-5.15), normal weight (reference, aOR 1), overweight (aOR 1.51; 0.95-2.40), and obese (aOR 3.26; 1.72-6.19) women. Severe NAFLD (biopsy-proven fibrosis or cirrhosis) was also more common in offspring of overweight (aOR 1.94; 95% CI 0.96-3.90) and obese (aOR 3.67; 95% CI 1.61-8.38) mothers. Associations were similar after adjusting for maternal pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. Socio-economic parameters (smoking, mother born outside the Nordic countries and less than 10 years of basic education) were also associated with NAFLD in offspring but did not materially alter the effect size of maternal BMI in a multivariable model. Conclusions: This nationwide study found a strong association between maternal overweight/obesity and future NAFLD in offspring. Adjusting for socio-economic and metabolic parameters in the mother did not affect this finding, suggesting that maternal obesity is an independent risk factor for NAFLD in offspring. Lay summary: In a study of all young persons in Sweden with a liver biopsy consistent with fatty liver, the authors found that compared to matched controls, the risk of fatty liver was much higher in those with obese mothers. This was independent of available confounders and suggests that the high prevalence of obesity in younger persons might lead to a higher risk of fatty liver in their offspring. © 2021 The Author(s)
Value of PAPP-A combined with BMI in predicting the prognosis of gestational diabetes mellitus: an observational study; The aim of this study was to investigate the potential of pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) and clinical data in predicting gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Clinical data of 318 pregnant women with GDM and 200 healthy pregnant women were retrospectively analysed. The age, BMI and caesarean section in GDM were significantly higher than in normal group. Serum and placental levels of PAPP-A were significantly lower in GDM than in normal group. Pearson’s correlation analysis showed that serum levels of PAPP-A were negatively correlated with BMI and blood glucose level. Binary logistic regression analysis displayed that PAPP-A were the potential factors influencing GDM. The area under the ROC curve (AUC) for PAPP-A combined with BMI in predicting GDM was 0.941, significantly higher than that of the single one. The potential of PAPP-A in the first trimester is limited in predicting GDM. PAPP-A combined with BMI is highly conductive for predicting GDM.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? GDM not only increases the risk of perinatal morbidity, but also results in an increased risk of long-term sequelae for both mother and child including diabetes, cardiovascular disease obesity. Previous data indicate that besides glycemic control in the second trimester, interventions initiated early in pregnancy can reduce the rate of GDM in pregnant women. The expression of PAPP-A in serum of GDM pregnant women was decreased in the first trimester. Whereas, whether PAPP-A can be as an early predictor of GDM is not clear. What do the results of this study add? The present study shows that PAPP-A MoM was less than 0.6757 in the first trimester of pregnancy is more prone to GDM. The potential of PAPP-A in the first trimester is limited in predicting GDM. PAPP-A combined with BMI is highly conductive for predicting GDM. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Early GDM prediction is crucial for prevention and management of GDM, to cope with the rising prevalence of GDM and reduce later life chronic disease of both mother and child. Based on the level of PAPP-A MoM and BMI, interventions such as lifestyle changes initiated early in pregnancy shouldbeenabledin pregnant women. © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Instituting a Curriculum for Cardio-Obstetrics Subspecialty Fellowship Training; Maternal mortality is rising in the United States, and cardiovascular disease is the leading cause. Adverse pregnancy outcomes such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes heighten the risk of cardiovascular complications during pregnancy and the peripartum period and are associated with long-term cardiovascular risks. The field of cardio-obstetrics is a subspecialty within adult cardiology that focuses on the management of women with or at high risk for heart disease who are considering pregnancy or have become pregnant. There is growing recognition of the need for more specialists with dedicated expertise in cardio-obstetrics to improve the cardiovascular care of this high-risk patient population. Current recommendations for cardiovascular fellowship training programs accredited by the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education involve establishing core competency in the knowledge of managing heart disease in pregnancy. However, little granular detail is available of what such training should entail, which can lead to knowledge gaps. Additionally, dedicated advanced subspecialty training in this area is not commonly offered. Multidisciplinary collaborative teams have been shown to improve outcomes in cardiac patients during pregnancy, and cardiovascular fellows-in-training interested in cardio-obstetrics should have the opportunity to participate in and contribute to a pregnancy heart team. In this document, we describe a proposed specialized cardio-obstetrics training pathway that could serve to adequately prepare trainees to competently and comprehensively care for women with cardiovascular disease before, during, and after pregnancy. © 2022 The Author(s).
Home management by remote self-monitoring in intermediate- and high-risk pregnancies: A retrospective study of 400 consecutive women; Introduction: Home management in general is considered to improve patient well-being, patient involvement and cost-effectiveness, for obstetric patients as well. But concerns regarding inclusion of intermediate- and high-risk pregnant women are an issue and a limitation for clinical implementation. This retrospective study evaluated the outcome and safety of extended remote self-monitoring of maternal and fetal health in intermediate- and high-risk pregnancies. Material and methods: The study reports on 400 singleton pregnancies complicated by preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM), fetal growth restriction, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, high-risk of preeclampsia, or a history of previous fetal or neonatal loss. Remote self-monitoring was performed by pregnant women and included C-reactive protein, non-stress test by cardiotocography, temperature, blood pressure, heart rate, and a questionnaire concerning maternal and fetal wellbeing. Data were transferred to the hospital using a mobile device platform and evaluated by healthcare professionals. In case of non-reassuring registrations, the pregnant women were invited for assessment at the hospital. Primary outcome was perinatal death. Secondary outcomes were other maternal and perinatal complications. Results: No severe maternal complications were observed. Nine fetal or neonatal deaths occurred, all secondary to malformations, severe fetal growth restriction, extreme prematurity or lung hypoplasia in cases of PPROM before 24 weeks. Even in the latter group, fetal and neonatal survival was 78% (18/23) and rose to 97% (60/62) when PPROM occurred after a gestational age 23+6 weeks. None of the fetal or neonatal deaths were attributable to the home-management setting. Conclusions: Home-monitoring including remote self-monitoring of fetal and maternal well-being in intermediate- and high-risk pregnancies seems to be a safe alternative to inpatient or frequent outpatient care, which sets the stage for a new way of thinking of hospital care. The implementation process included staff training workshops and development of patient enrollment practice with clarification of expectations and responsibilities, which can be crucial to the results. © 2021 The Authors. Acta Obstetricia et Gynecologica Scandinavica published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Nordic Federation of Societies of Obstetrics and Gynecology (NFOG).
The impact of gestational diabetes in pregnancy on the cardiovascular system of children at one year of age; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication in pregnancy. The effect of GDM on the cardiovascular system after birth is still unclear. Between August 2015 and December 2018, 205 pregnant women were included in the prospective controlled observational study. Patients with GDM were assigned to the study group (n = 99), whereas (n = 107) healthy women served as controls. Postnatal follow up of their offspring was performed at 12 months of age. All included children (n = 125) underwent a specific standardized protocol including anthropometric data, such as weight, height, body mass index (BMI), blood pressure (BP) recordings and ultrasound measurements of the abdominal aortic intima‐media‐thickness (IMT). Furthermore, at least 10 min 3‐channel electrocardiogram recording was done to evaluate the autonomic nervous system (ANS) by phase rectified signal averaging. There were no significant differences in anthropometric data between the groups, neither in the blood pressure nor in the intima‐media‐thickness of the aorta abdominals. However, in the study group, significantly lower average acceleration capacity (AAC) (study group −20.10 ± 3.04 ms, control group −18.87 ± 4.00 ms, p = 0.02) was found, indicating ANS activation at one year of age. Further studies are required to determine if these results are persistent and if these findings have long‐term effects. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Fetal cardiac geometry and function in pregnancies with well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus using Fetal HQ; Objective: To determine whether abnormal cardiac shape and ventricular global, transverse, and longitudinal contractility are present in fetuses of women with well-controlled GDM. Methods: A prospective observational study was performed on 80 fetuses of women with well-controlled GDM and 90 control fetuses. Using Fetal HQ, a new speckle-tracking technique, cardiac shape, global contractility, transverse contractility, and longitudinal contractility were calculated. The number and percentage of fetuses with z score values below 5th or above 95th were computed. Results: Compared with controls, there were no significant differences in the frequency of cardiac geometric abnormalities in GDM fetuses. Despite good glycemic control, 60.0% of fetuses in the well-controlled GDM group had one or more types of global, longitudinal, and transverse contractility abnormalities of one or both ventricles, but more frequent on the right ventricle (RV, 50%). The most frequent abnormality of the RV occurred in the transverse contractility (35%), followed by abnormalities of global contractility (25%), and longitudinal contractility (21.3%), compared with controls. The left ventricle (LV) analysis demonstrated that the percentage of study fetuses with only transverse contractility abnormality (18.8%) was significantly higher. Conclusions: Despite good glycemic control, abnormal ventricular contractility was present in fetuses of women with GDM, but more frequent in the RV. For both the RV and LV, transverse ventricular contractility abnormality were more prevalent than abnormal global and longitudinal contractility. Fetuses of women with GDM should be evaluated for ventricular contractility abnormality and have more follow-ups despite good glycemic control. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Epidemiological Characteristics and Influencing Factors of Low Birth Weight Infants in Hebei Province; Background: Low birth weight infants often have chronic intrauterine hypoxia, their perinatal mortality rate is high, and the long-term physical development is backward and the risk of neurodevelopmental abnormalities is also high. Objective: To analyze the epidemiological characteristics of low birth weight infants and related factors affecting low birth weight infants in Hebei Province. Methods: The maternal and child monitoring information management system of Hebei Province was used to collect data of pregnant women at 37 weeks and above from 22 monitoring sites including 7 provincial and municipal hospitals and 15 county-level hospitals in Hebei Province from 2013 to 2017. Survey indicators included maternal age, birth year, birth season, urban-rural and rural grade distribution of birth hospitals, number of birth checkups, pregnancy times, parity times, fetal gender, the combination with gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, heart disease and kidney disease, placental abruption, placenta previa, prolonged pregnancy and other related factors. Multivariate Logistic regression was used to analyze the influencing factors of low birth weight infants. Results: Among 250 304 full-term newborns, 3 482 cases were low birth weight, with an incidence of 1.39%. There were statistically significant differences in the incidence of low birth weight infants among pregnant women of different ages, birth years, birth seasons, birth regions, urban-rural and rural grade distribution of birth hospitals(P<0.05). The incidence of low birth weight was the highest(1.65%)among pregnant women with childbearing aged ≥40 years, and the lowest(1.29%)among women aged 30 to 34. The incidence of low birth weight infants was highest in 2015(1.56%)and lowest in 2017(1.29%). The incidence of low birth weight infants was highest in spring(1.47%)and lowest in autumn(1.29%). The city of Cangzhou had the highest incidence of low birth weight(1.82%), while Xingtai had the lowest incidence(0.82%).The incidence of low birth weight infants in provincial and municipal hospitals(1.71%)was higher than that in township hospitals(1.13%). The incidence of low birth weight infants was highest in tertiary hospitals(1.94%)and lowest in primary hospitals(0.98%). There were statistically significant differences in age distribution, number of antenatal examinations, the number of pregnancy and parity, fetal sex, proportion of gestational hypertension, proportion of heart disease, proportion of kidney disease, proportion of placental abruption, proportion of placenta previa and proportion of prolonged pregnancy between the low birth weight group and non-low birth weight group(P<0.01). There was no significant difference in education level and proportion of gestational diabetes mellitus(P>0.05). Multivariate Logistic regression analysis showed that lower education level of pregnant women, fewer times of birth check-up, female fetus, delivery in provincial and municipal hospitals, gestational hypertension, heart disease, placental abruption, placenta previa were independent risk factors for low birth weight(P<0.05). Multiple pregnancies, gestational diabetes mellitus and prolonged pregnancy were independent protective factors for low birth weight infants(P<0.05). Conclusion: The incidence of low birth weight infants varies significantly in time, region and population. Individualized preventive measures should be taken for different regions and populations, such as timely pregnancy and standardized prenatal examination, early detection of potential high-risk factors, timely prevention and treatment to reduce the incidence of low birth weight infants. Copyright © 2021 by the Chinese General Practice.
Effectivness of specific mobile health applications (mHealth-apps) in gestational diabtetes mellitus: a systematic review; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) emerges worldwide and is closely associated with short- and long-term health issues in women and their offspring, such as pregnancy and birth complications respectively comorbidities, Type 2 Diabetes (T2D), metabolic syndrome as well as cardiovascular diseases. Against this background, mobile health applications (mHealth-Apps) do open up new possibilities to improve the management of GDM. Therefore, we analyzed the clinical effectiveness of specific mHealth-Apps on clinical health-related short and long-term outcomes in mother and child. Methods: A systematic literature search in Medline (PubMed), Cochrane Library, Embase, CINAHL and Web of Science Core Collection databases as well as Google Scholar was performed. We selected studies published 2008 to 2020 analyzing women diagnosed with GDM using specific mHealth-Apps. Controlled clinical trials (CCT) and randomized controlled trials (RCT) were included. Study quality was assessed using the Effective Public Health Practice Project (EPHPP) tool. Results: In total, n = 6 publications (n = 5 RCTs, n = 1 CCT; and n = 4 moderate, n = 2 weak quality), analyzing n = 408 GDM patients in the intervention and n = 405 in the control groups, were included. Compared to control groups, fasting blood glucose, 2-h postprandial blood glucose, off target blood glucose measurements, delivery mode (more vaginal deliveries and fewer (emergency) caesarean sections) and patient compliance showed improving trends. Conclusion: mHealth-Apps might improve health-related outcomes, particularly glycemic control, in the management of GDM. Further studies need to be done in more detail. © 2021, The Author(s).
Maternal and fetal outcomes of urolithiasis: A retrospective cohort study; Objectives: Although urolithiasis is relatively common in the general population, there is limited information on this condition available in the pregnant population. The objectives of this study are to identify the incidence of urolithiasis in pregnancy, as well as to compare maternal and fetal outcomes associated with urolithiasis in pregnancy. Methods: Using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample database from the United States, a population-based retrospective cohort study consisting of pregnant women who delivered between 1999 and 2015 was conducted. ICD-9-CM code 592.X was used to identify pregnant women with urolithiasis within the cohort, with pregnant women without urolithiasis forming the comparison group. Unconditional logistic regression models were used to estimate the associations between urolithiasis in pregnancy and maternal and neonatal outcomes, while adjusting for baseline maternal characteristics. Results: A cohort of 13,792,544 pregnant women was identified, of which 11,528 had a urolithiasis-related admission during pregnancy, for an overall incidence of 8.3 per 10,000 pregnancies. Women with urolithiasis had a greater risk of developing preeclampsia/eclampsia, OR 1.35(95% CI 1.24–1.47), gestational diabetes, 1.29(1.20–1.30), abruptio placenta, 1.41(1.22–1.64), placenta previa, 1.55(1.27–1.90), pyelonephritis, 88.87(81.69–96.69), venous thromboembolism, 1.65(1.23–2.22), and more likely to deliver by cesarean, 1.20(1.15–1.25). As well, maternal death was more common among these women, 2.85(1.07–7.60). Congenital anomalies, 2.84(2.43–3.31) and prematurity, 1.92(1.82–2.03) were more commonly found among babies born to women with urolithiasis. Conclusion: Although the mechanism is unclear, women with urolithiasis in pregnancy have an increased risk of adverse pregnancy and newborn outcomes. © 2021 Elsevier Masson SAS
Associations of diet with cardiometabolic and inflammatory profiles in pregnant women at risk for metabolic complications; Dietary intakes play an important role in the development of metabolic complications during pregnancy. While reported observational studies reveal an inverse association of healthy diets with weight gain, gestational diabetes, and hypertensive complications during pregnancy, there is a paucity of studies conducted among women of specific ethnicities vulnerable to higher risks of pregnancy complications. This is a secondary cross sectional analysis using baseline data from a previously reported clinical trial. We aim to identify associations of maternal habitual dietary intakes with cardiometabolic risks and inflammatory profiles in primarily African American (AA) and Hispanic women in the first half of pregnancy. Fifty-two women met the study criteria and anthropometric, clinical, and dietary data were obtained at baseline. Linear regression analysis was used to determine associations after covariate adjustments. Among the maternal dietary nutrient intakes, total fats were positively associated with maternal body weight, BMI, and serum CRP (β ± SE: 0.25 ± 0.13, 0.28 ± 0.18, and 0.29 ± 0.14, respectively, all p < 0.05), and saturated fats were positively associated with glycated hemoglobin (0.32 ± 0.12). Dietary fiber intake showed a consistent inverse association with body weight (−0.26 ± 0.13), BMI (−0.19 ± 0.15), glycated hemoglobin (−0.22 ± 0.16), as well as serum CRP (−0.19 ± 0.14). Among the maternal food group intakes, dairy intake was inversely associated with systolic blood pressure (−0.18 ± 0.15) and serum IL-6 (−0.22 ± 0.17), and vegetable intake showed an inverse association with serum CRP (−0.17 ± 0.12) all in adjusted analyses (all p < 0.05). Thus, maternal diet modifications, especially decreasing fats and increasing fiber and dairy may help address obesity and inflammation leading to pregnancy complications in AA and Hispanic women. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Long-term cardio-metabolic effects after gestational diabetes: a review; Women with GDM are at high risk of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). A relationship with GDM and future development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been also recognized. Pregnancy and postpartum period in women with GDM give us the opportunity to identify the underlying, often unrecognized, CVD risk factors. Ideally, the postpartum follow-up of this women should be done by a multidisciplinary team to evaluate their cardio-metabolic risk and to counseling regarding lifestyle modification (healthy diet and regular physical activity) and breastfeeding that can reduce their risk. Longer follow-up of these women should be individualized, focusing attention on women at medium-high cardio-metabolic risk. The link between GDM and T2DM-CVD offers us a great opportunity for the diseases prevention. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes of births to women with psoriasis: a population-based cohort of 13 million births; Purpose: Psoriasis is a common auto-immune disease affecting the skin and joints for which the current literature remains limited and contradictory in the context of pregnancy. The purpose of our study was to evaluate the association between psoriasis in pregnancy and maternal and newborn outcomes. Methods: A population based retrospective cohort study was conducted using the 1999–2015 United States’ Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample. ICD-9 codes were used to identify delivery admissions to women with or without psoriasis, as well as maternal and fetal outcomes. Adjusting for baseline characteristics, multivariate logistic regression models were performed to estimate the effects of psoriasis on maternal and newborn outcomes. Results: The cohort consisted of 3737 women with psoriasis, among a total of 13,792,544 pregnancy admissions in US hospitals between the years 1999 and 2015, for a period prevalence of 27.1 cases per 100,000 pregnant women. Psoriasis was associated with preeclampsia, OR 1.4 (95% CI 1.2–1.6), gestational diabetes, 1.27 (1.13–1.42), myocardial infarction, 13.4 (3.3–54.6), chorioamnionitis, 1.3 (1.0–1.6), delivery by cesarean section, 1.2 (1.1–1.3), anemia, 1.74 (1.18–2.57), and requiring blood transfusions, 1.4 (1.0–1.8). Their newborns were at higher risk of being born preterm, 1.2 (1.1–1.4), congenital anomalies, 1.7 (1.2–2.4), and intra-uterine growth restriction, 1.5 (1.2–1.7). Conclusion: Women with psoriasis and their newborns appear more prone to adverse outcomes of pregnancy. It would be prudent for these women to be followed closely during pregnancy by their obstetrical caregiver and dermatologist. Further investigation is warranted regarding the management of psoriasis during pregnancy. © 2021 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Social Nervous Exercise Intervention and Its Association with Fasting Blood Glucose on Diabetes Mellitus Gestational; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been identified as a major complication of pregnancies and has remained a major cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality, in both mother and child. Exercise can be used as a strategy to reduce hyperglycemia experienced during GDM. Regular exercise is important for a healthy pregnancy and can lower the risk of developing GDM. For women with GDM. Exercise is safe and can affect the pregnancy outcomes beneficially. The role of exercise about increases skeletal muscle glucose uptake and minimizing hyperglycemia. Social nervous (SaSo) exercise is a moderate-intensity exercise intervention that plays a role in controlling blood glucose through autonomic nervous stimulation so that it has an effect on glucose homeostasis. Social nervous exercise can stimulate the parasympathetic or myelinated vagus nerves. The social nerve or the social nervous system is the vagus nerve nc-X which is supported by cranial nerves, namely, nerves V, VII, IX, and XI centered in the nucleus ambiguous. AIM: The aim of the study is to determine the impact of a social nervous (SaSo) exercise training program consisting of warm-up, core (prayer movements), and cooling exercises on glucose homeostasis parameters in pregnant women diagnosed with GDM. METHODS: Thirty-seven pregnant women diagnosed with GDM at 24–28 weeks of gestation were allocated into two groups, thats the experimental group (n=19) with the SaSo program being regularly monitored and the control group (n=18) receiving only standard antenatal care for GDM. The Saso program started from the time diabetes was diagnosed until 6 weeks of intervention. Interventions were performed twice per week and sessions lasted 40–45 min. RESULTS: The baseline results for the experimental and control groups were homogeneous, without differences in the baseline variables (p > 0.05). Social nervous exercise the experimental group significantly reduced fasting blood glucose levels (p < 0.001) compared to the control group. CONCLUSIONS: A social nervous exercise program has a beneficial effect on fasting blood glucose levels in late pregnancy. © 2022 Effatul Afifah, Detty Siti Nurdiati, Hamam Hadi, Zaena Muttaqien Sofro, Ahmad Hamim Sadewa.
Neurodevelopmental outcomes of infants of diabetic mothers; With the increase of the incidence of pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus, the number of infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) are increasing year by year. IDMs may be associated with poor perinatal outcomes and may have a negative impact on neurodevelopment, but there are relatively few studies on the neurodevelopmental outcomes of IDMs. This article reviews the relevant literature and summarizes the neurodevelopmental outcomes of IDMs from the aspects of sensory and perception, motor, language, intellectual development, neuropsychiatric disorders, neurological examination and drug effect, so as to provide reference for clinical work. © 2021 Xiangya Hospital of CSU. All rights reserved.
Effects of Moderate-Intensity Aerobic Exercise on Blood Glucose Levels and Pregnancy Outcomes in Patients With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Introduction: To investigate the effects of structured moderate-intensity aerobic exercise on blood glucose, insulin, and pregnancy outcomes in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: One hundred one patients with GDM were randomly divided into a control group (50 cases) and an experimental group (51 cases) in a class 3 first-level general hospital. GDM patients in the control group received a personalized diabetes diet intervention, online education, and routine prenatal care. The experimental group added 6 weeks of moderate-intensity aerobic exercise in addition to the identical conditions given to the control group. The differences of fasting and 2-h postprandial blood glucose, insulin use, and adverse pregnancy outcomes were evaluated between the experimental and control group after intervention. Results: Outcomes were available from 89 participants. Compared with before intervention, there were statistically significant differences in fasting blood glucose and 2-h blood glucose after three meals in both groups (P < 0.05). There were statistically significant differences in the average fasting blood glucose, the average 2-h postprandial blood glucose, the insulin dosage, and the utilization rate between the experimental and control group after the intervention (P < 0.05). Parameters in the experimental group were all lower than in the control group. Compared with the control group, the incidence of adverse pregnancy outcomes in the experimental group after intervention was not statistically significant (P > 0.05). Conclusion: Moderate-intensity aerobic exercise can help improve blood glucose control and insulin use in patients with GDM. In the future, long-term follow-up can be conducted for maternal and neonatal infants to evaluate the impact of exercise intervention on the risk of type 2 diabetes. Clinical Trial Registration: The trial was approved by the registration of the Chinese Clinical Trial Registry. Registration number: ChiCTR1900027929. © 2021, The Author(s).
Increased circulating endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) in prepubertal children born prematurely: a possible link between prematurity and cardiovascular risk; Background: Endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) ensure vascular integrity and neovascularization. No studies have investigated EPCs in preterm-born children beyond infancy. Methods: One hundred and thirty-six prepubertal children were enrolled: 63 preterm and 73 born at term (controls). Circulating CD34(+)/VEGFR-2(+)/CD45(−) and CD34(+)/VEGFR-2(+)/CD45dim EPCs were measured in preterm-born children compared to controls. Body mass index (BMI), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), neck circumference, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP and DBP, respectively), fasting glucose, insulin, lipid profile, common carotid and abdominal aortic intima-media thickness (cIMT and aIMT, respectively), endothelium-dependent brachial artery flow-mediated dilation (FMD), and echocardiographic parameters were also assessed. Results: Circulating CD34(+)/VEGFR-2(+)/CD45(−) and CD34(+)/VEGFR-2(+)/CD45dim EPCs were significantly higher in preterm-born children compared to controls (p < 0.001 and p < 0.001, respectively). In total study population and in the preterm-born group, EPCs were significantly lower in children born to mothers with gestational diabetes compared to non-diabetic mothers. Prematurity was associated with higher WHR, neck circumference, SBP, DBP, cIMT, aIMT, mean pressure, and velocity of pulmonary artery; the peak velocity of the brachial artery was significantly lower in children born prematurely. In multiple regression analysis, preterm birth and maternal gestational diabetes were recognized as independent predictors of EPCs. Conclusions: Circulating EPCs were increased in prepubertal preterm-born children in comparison with peers born full-term. Maternal gestational diabetes was associated with a decrease in EPCs. Impact: Mounting evidence supports the adverse effect of prematurity on cardiovascular health. However, the underlying mechanisms that could lead to endothelial dysfunction in preterm-born individuals are not fully understood.Endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) ensure vascular integrity, normal endothelial function and neovascularization.No studies have investigated the EPCs counts in peripheral blood beyond infancy in children born prematurely.Circulating EPCs were significantly higher in preterm-born prepubertal children compared to controls, thus indicating that prematurity is possibly associated with endothelial damage.In total study population and in the preterm-born group, maternal gestational diabetes was associated with decreased EPCs concentrations. © 2020, International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc.
A risk prediction model of gestational diabetes mellitus before 16 gestational weeks in Chinese pregnant women; Aims: To develop a GDM risk stratification model in Chinese pregnant women using machine learning algorithm, for judgment of the risk of GDM before 16 gestation weeks. Methods: A retrospective study of 17005 pregnant women with 1965 women developed GDM. Maternal clinical routine examination indicators, disease history and other clinical characteristics of pregnant women were obtained before 16 gestation weeks. Maternal clinical parameters were analyzed, selected and divided into 6 groups. The prediction models were constructed using LR (logistic regression) and RF (random forest), and were evaluated using areas under the receiver-operating characteristic curve (AUC). The cut-off value of the predicted probability of GDM was calculated by interquartile range. The performance of models was internal validated. Results: We developed a GDM risk stratification prediction model in Chinese pregnant women before 16 gestation weeks, with the AUC 0.746 and 15 parameters included. The model presented reliable ability to predictively stratify GDM risk of population. And the ≥ 7.77% predicted risk cut-off showed a strong ability to rule out GDM in women who predicted negative before 16 gestational weeks. Conclusions: Our study provide a simple and effective screening method for clinical GDM risk stratification in Chinese pregnant women before 16 gestation weeks. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of gestational diabetes mellitus and mental health among BAME populations; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy and is associated with an increased risk of mental health (MH) disorders including antenatal and postnatal depression (PND), anxiety and post-traumatic-stress-disorder (PTSD). We hypothesized GDM and MH disorders will disproportionately affect individuals from Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic backgrounds. Methods: A systematic methodology was developed, and a protocol was published in PROSPERO (CRD42020210863) and a systematic review of publications between 1st January 1990 and 30th January 2021 was conducted. Multiple electronic databases were explored using keywords and MeSH terms. The finalised dataset was analysed using statistical methods such as random-effect models, subgroup analysis and sensitivity analysis. These were used to determine odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) to establish prevalence using variables of PND, anxiety, PTSD and stress to name a few. Findings: Sixty studies were finalised from the 20,040 data pool. Forty-six studies were included systematically with 14 used to meta-analyze GDM and MH outcomes. A second meta-analysis was conducted using 7 studies to determine GDM risk among Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic women with pre-existing MH disorders. The results indicate an increased risk with pooled adjusted OR for both reflected at 1.23, 95% CI of 1.00–1.50 and 1.29, 95% CI of 1.11–1.50 respectively. Interpretation: The available studies suggest a MH sequalae with GDM as well as a sequalae of GDM with MH among Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic populations. Our findings warrant further future exploration to better manage these patients. Funding: Not applicable © 2021 The Author(s)
Prognostic factors associated with small for gestational age babies in a tertiary care hospital of Western Nepal: A cross-sectional study; Background: Small for gestational age (SGA) is common among newborns in low-income countries like Nepal and has higher immediate mortality and morbidities. Objectives: To study the prevalence and prognostic factors of SGA babies in Western Nepal. Methods: A cross-sectional study (November 2016-October 2017) was conducted in a tertiary care hospital in Western Nepal. Socio-demographic, lifestyle factors including diet, and exposures including smoking and household air pollution in mothers who delivered newborns appropriate for gestational age (AGA), SGA and large for gestational age (LGA) were recorded. Logistic regression was carried out to find the odds ratio of prognostic factors after adjusting for potential confounders. Results: Out of 4000 delivered babies, 77% (n = 3078) were AGA, 20.3% (n = 813) were SGA and 2.7% (n = 109) were LGA. The proportion of female-SGA was greater in comparison to male-SGA (n = 427, 52.5% vs n = 386, 47.5%). SGA babies were born to mothers who had term, preterm, and postterm delivery in the following proportions 70.1%, 19.3%, and 10.6%, respectively. The average weight gain (mean ± SD) by mothers in AGA pregnancies was 10.3 ± 2.4 kg, whereas in SGA were 9.3 ± 2.4 kg. In addition to low socioeconomic status (OR 1.9, 95% CI 1.1, 3.2), other prognostic factors associated with SGA were lifestyle factors such as low maternal sleep duration (OR 5.1, CI 3.6, 7.4) and monthly or less frequent meat intake (OR 5.0, CI 3.2, 7.8). Besides smoking (OR 8.8, CI 2.1, 36.3), the other major environmental factor associated with SGA was exposure to household air pollution (OR 5.4, 4.1, 6.9) during pregnancy. Similarly, some of the adverse health conditions associated with a significantly higher risk of SGA were anemia, oligohydramnios, and gestational diabetes. Conclusions: SGA is common in Western Nepal and associated with several modifiable prognostic factors. © 2021 The Authors. Health Science Reports published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Sleep-Disordered Breathing and Pregnancy-Related Cardiovascular Disease; Sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) is a serious medical condition characterized by intermittent episodes of airflow limitation, intermittent hypoxia, and sleep disturbance triggering a pattern of autonomic dysfunction associated with hypertension, diabetes, and other adverse health conditions. SDB incidence is two to three times higher during pregnancy and is associated with an increased risk of cardiometabolic complications, including pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. Treatments to protect breathing during sleep are available, pointing to SDB as a potential therapeutic target to reduce maternal cardiometabolic morbidity. However, in clinical practice, the majority of SDB cases in pregnancy are undiagnosed, indicating a need to improve screening for SDB risk factors and referral for diagnostic testing. Furthermore, definitive clinical trials are needed to determine the extent to which SDB intervention reduces the risk of adverse cardiovascular and neonatal outcomes in pregnancy. This review article discusses an accumulation of research pointing to SDB as a prevalent risk factor for gestational cardiometabolic disease, as well as a potential therapeutic target to reduce cardiometabolic morbidity. © Copyright 2021, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers 2021.
Risk of intracranial hemorrhage associated with pregnancy in women with cerebral arteriovenous malformations; Background Prior studies on rupture risk of brain arteriovenous malformations (AVMs) in women undergoing pregnancy and delivery have reported conflicting findings, but also have not accounted for AVM morphology and heterogeneity. Here, we assess the association between pregnancy and the risk of intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) in women with AVMs using a cohort-crossover design in which each woman serves as her own control. Methods Women who underwent pregnancy and delivery were identified using DRG codes from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project State Inpatient Databases for California (2005-2011), Florida (2005-2014), and New York (2005-2014). The presence of AVM and ICH was determined using ICD 9 codes. Pregnancy was defined as the 40 weeks prior to delivery, and postpartum as 12 weeks after. We defined a non-exposure control period as a 52-week period prior to pregnancy. The relative risks of ICH during pregnancy were compared against the non-exposure period using conditional Poisson regression. Results Among 4 022 811 women identified with an eligible delivery hospitalization (median age, 28 years; 7.3% with gestational diabetes; 4.5% with preeclampsia/eclampsia), 568 (0.014%) had an AVM. The rates of ICH during pregnancy and puerperium were 6355.4 (95% CI 4279.4 to 8431.5) and 14.4 (95% CI 13.3 to 15.6) per 100 000 person-years for women with and without AVM, respectively. In cohort-crossover analysis, in women with AVMs the risk of ICH increased 3.27-fold (RR, 95% CI 1.67 to 6.43) during pregnancy and puerperium compared with a non-pregnant period. Conclusions Among women with AVM, pregnancy and puerperium were associated with a greater than 3-fold risk of ICH. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Efficacy of myoinositol in treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus in Asian Indian women: A pilot randomized clinical trial; Objective: To compare efficacy of myoinositol as an adjuvant to dietary modification for treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus in Asian Indian women compared to controls. Study Design: Setting: This pilot randomized open label trial was conducted in a single antenatal clinic in India. Subjects: One hundred women with singleton pregnancy and gestational diabetes diagnosed between 14–28 weeks’ gestation were included. Overt diabetes, twin pregnancy, pre-existing renal disease, heart disease and other chronic medical disorders were exclusions. Intervention: Participants were randomized in two groups (1:1 ratio) by opaque envelope method. Individualized nutrition counseling with dietary modification and routine antenatal care was provided to all. Fifty women received myoinositol 1000 mg twice daily; 50 controls did not receive myoinositol. Fasting and postprandial glucose levels were assessed after two weeks. Women not achieving glycemic targets (fasting glucose <95 and postprandial glucose <120 mg/dL) were given pharmacologic therapy. Contributory factors in women requiring additional pharmacologic therapy, maternal and fetal outcomes were noted. Statistical analysis: Between group comparisons reported relative risk and mean difference. To assess predictive factors for need for pharmacologic therapy, univariate and multivariable logistic regression analysis were used. Results: Baseline characteristics were comparable in both groups. Except one woman in the myoinositol group, all women provided glycaemia data throughout their pregnancy. Glycemic control was achieved in 44/ 49 (89.8 %) women in myoinositol group which was significantly higher than 34/50 (68 %) in the controls ((relative risk 0.31, 95 % confidence interval 0.13 to 0.80, p = 0.008). Mean duration of myoinositol treatment was 17.6 weeks (standard deviation 5.3). Additional treatment with metformin/insulin was needed in all women failing to achieve glycaemic control. The mean (range) dose of insulin was 25.3 units in myoinositol group compared to 14.27 units in controls (p = 0.058). Secondary outcomes were similar in two groups except baby weight which was higher in controls (p = 0.018). Conclusions: Oral supplementation with myoinositol in dose of 1 gm twice-daily, when started soon after the diagnosis of GDM, is effective in achieving glycemic control and decreasing the need for additional pharmacological therapy in Asian Indian women. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Non-Coding RNAs and Extracellular Vehicles: Their Role in the Pathogenesis of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition in the second or third trimester of pregnancy. GDM has a considerable impact on health outcomes of the mother and offspring during pregnancy, delivery, and beyond. Although the exact mechanism regarding GDM remains unclear, numerous studies have suggested that non-coding RNAs, including long non-coding (lnc)RNAs, microRNAs, and circular RNAs, were involved in the pathogenesis of GDM in which they played vital regulatory roles. Additionally, several studies have revealed that extracellular vehicles also participated in the pathogenesis of GDM, highlighting their important role in this disease. Considering the lack of effective biomarkers for the early identification of and specific treatment for GDM, non-coding RNAs and extracellular vehicles may be promising biomarkers and even targets for GDM therapies. This review provides an update on our understanding of the role of non-coding RNAs and extracellular vehicles in GDM. As our understanding of the function of lncRNAs and extracellular vehicles improves, the future appears promising for their use as potential biomarkers and treatment targets for GDM in clinical practice. © Copyright © 2021 Zhang, Wang, Huang and Gao.
Differences in hemodynamic, hormonal and heart rate variability parameters in complication-free pregnancies compared to individuals with gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia: An observational retrospective analysis; To investigate differences in hemodynamic, hormonal and heart rate variability parameters in women following complication-free pregnancies (healthy), preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) after giving childbirth. Data of 60 women (healthy: n = 29, age 32.7 ± 4.5 years, BMI 24.2 ± 4.3 kg/m2; preeclampsia: n = 16, age 35.3 ± 4.4 years, 28.5 ± 6.4 kg/m2; GDM, n = 15, age 32.3 ± 6.0 years, BMI 26.4 ± 6.2 kg/m2) were included. Two visits were conducted 16 and 48 weeks after giving childbirth. Hair samples were taken for analysis of cortisol and testosterone. ECG and blood pressure were recorded at each visit. Data were analyzed via RM-ANOVA and post-hoc testing (p ≤ 0.05). Heart rate increased from visit 1 to visit 2, whereas SDNN decreased (both p = 0.03). RMSSD showed an increased trend for groups (p = 0.06). Testosterone in the GDM group was significantly higher compared to the other groups (p = 0.002). Cortisol levels were significantly higher following post-hoc testing GDM was different compared to healthy individuals (p = 0.02). Hemodynamic changes from week 16 to week 48 did not differ between groups (p > 0.05). No differences between individuals with preeclampsia and healthy individuals were found for all hemodynamic parameters (p > 0.05). The study showed higher levels of chronic stress indicators in GDM measured via heart rate variability and cortisol compared to women with a history of preeclampsia and healthy women. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The safety of a vegan diet during pregnancy; There is an increasing number of people who go vegetarian. Some young parents also switch to this diet. The safety of vegetarian diets, especially vegan diets, is very important, especially during pregnancy. Unfortunately, reference publications do not provide coherent data on the safety of vegetarian diets during pregnancy. On the one hand, the vegan diet has advantages because it reduces the risk of heart disease and gestational diabetes. On the other hand, vegetarians/vegans should be aware of potential deficiencies of some nutrients (iron, zinc, vitamin B12, vitamin D, omega-3 fatty acids, calcium, iodine) and the clinical consequences for the fetus. For example, iron deficiency may affect cognitive abilities, behavior, intelligence and increase the risk of preterm birth and low birth weight of infants. Plant food contains non-haem iron with variable absorption. Therefore, the vegan diet should include nutrients increasing the bioavailability of iron, e.g. ascorbic acid, carotene and retinol. Due to the fact that animal food is the main source of vitamin B12, vegans are at a very high risk of vitamin B12 deficiency, which will affect the infant’s weight at birth. Low level of vitamin D, which is prevalent in animal food, is the most common deficiency among vegans and lacto-ovo vegetarians. This vitamin prevents gestational diabetes, reduces insulin resistance and guarantees normal function of the musculoskeletal system. Zinc deficiency during pregnancy may lead to preterm birth, neural tube defects or even miscarriage. In view of the clinical consequences of potential deficiencies of nutrients, the vegetarian/vegan diet should be well balanced. © 2021 Polska Akademia Nauk. All rights reserved.
Early pregnancy metabolites predict gestational diabetes mellitus: implications for fetal programming; Background: Aberrant fetal programming in gestational diabetes mellitus seems to increase the risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. The inability to accurately identify gestational diabetes mellitus in the first trimester of pregnancy has thwarted ascertaining whether early therapeutic interventions reduce the predisposition to these prevalent medical disorders. Objective: A metabolomics study was conducted to determine whether advanced analytical methods could identify accurate predictors of gestational diabetes mellitus in early pregnancy. Study Design: This nested observational case-control study was composed of 92 gravidas (46 in the gestational diabetes mellitus group and 46 in the control group) in early pregnancy, who were matched by maternal age, body mass index, and gestational age at urine collection. Gestational diabetes mellitus was diagnosed according to community standards. A comprehensive metabolomics platform measured 626 endogenous metabolites in randomly collected urine. Consensus multivariate criteria or the most important by 1 method identified low–molecular weight metabolites independently associated with gestational diabetes mellitus, and a classification tree selected a subset most predictive of gestational diabetes mellitus. Results: Urine for both groups was collected at a mean gestational age of 12 weeks (range, 6–19 weeks’ gestation). Consensus multivariate analysis identified 11 metabolites independently linked to gestational diabetes mellitus. Classification tree analysis selected a 7-metabolite subset that predicted gestational diabetes mellitus with an accuracy of 96.7%, independent of maternal age, body mass index, and time of urine collection. Conclusion: Validation of this high-accuracy model by a larger study is now needed to support future studies to determine whether therapeutic interventions in the first trimester of pregnancy for gestational diabetes mellitus reduce short- and long-term morbidity. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Supplemental Berberine in a High-Fat Diet Reduces Adiposity and Cardiac Dysfunction in Offspring of Mouse Dams with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background: There are few evidence-based strategies to attenuate the risk of metabolic syndrome in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Berberine (BBR) is an isoquinoline alkaloid extracted from Chinese herbs and exhibits glucose lowering properties. Objectives: We hypothesized that dietary BBR would improve health outcomes in the mouse offspring of GDM dams. Methods: Wild-type C57BL/6 female mice were fed either a Lean-inducing low-fat diet (L-LF,10% kcal fat, 35% kcal sucrose) or a GDM-inducing high-fat diet (GDM-HF, 45% kcal fat, 17.5% sucrose) for 6 wk prior to breeding with wild-type C57BL/6 male mice throughout pregnancy and the suckling period. The resulting Lean and GDM-exposed male and female offspring were randomly assigned an LF (10% kcal fat, 35% kcal sucrose), HF (45% kcal fat, 17.5% sucrose), or high-fat berberine (HFB) (45% kcal fat, 17.5% sucrose diet) containing BBR (160 mg/kg/d, HFB) at weaning for 12 wk. The main outcome was to evaluate the effects of BBR on obesity, pancreatic islet function, and cardiac contractility in GDM-exposed HF-fed offspring. Significance between measurements was determined using a 2 (gestational exposure) × 3 (diet) factorial design by a 2- way ANOVA using Tukey post-hoc analysis. Results: In the GDM-HF group, body weights were significantly increased (16%) compared with those in baseline (L-LF) animals (P < 0.05). Compared with the L-LF animals, the GDM-HF group had a reduction in pancreatic insulin glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (74%) and increased cardiac isovolumetric contraction time (IVCT; ∼150%) (P < 0.05). Compared with GDM-HF animals, the GDM-HFB group with the dietary addition of BBR had significantly reduced body weight (16%), increased glucose-stimulated insulin secretion from pancreatic islets (254%), and reduced systolic heart function (46% IVCT) (P < 0.05). Conclusions: In a mouse model of GDM, dietary BBR treatment provided protection from obesity and the development of pancreatic islet and cardiac dysfunction.  © 2021 The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
The relationship between gestational diabetes metabolic control and fetal autonomic regulation, movement and birth weight; (1) Background: Maternal metabolic control in gestational diabetes is suggested to influence fetal autonomic control and movement activity, which may have fetal outcome implications. We aimed to analyze the relationship between maternal metabolic control, fetal autonomic heart rate regulation, activity and birth weight. (2) Methods: Prospective noninterventional longitudinal cohort monitoring study accompanying 19 patients with specialist clinical care for gestational diabetes. Monthly fetal magnetocardiography with electro-physiologically-based beat-to-beat heart rate record-ing for analysis of heart rate variability (HRV) and the ‘fetal movement index’ (FMI) was performed. Data were compared to 167 healthy pregnant women retrieved from our pre-existing study database. (3) Results: Fetal vagal tone was increased with gestational diabetes compared to controls, whereas sympathetic tone and FMI did not differ. Within the diabetic population, sympathetic activation was associated with higher maternal blood-glucose levels. Maternal blood-glucose levels correlated positively with birth weight z scores. FMI showed no correlation with birth weight but attenuated the positive correlation between maternal blood-glucose levels and birth weight. (4) Conclusion: Fetal autonomic control is altered by gestational diabetes and maternal blood-glucose level, even if metabolic adjustment and outcome is comparable to healthy controls. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Nanoparticles in pregnancy: the next frontier in reproductive therapeutics; BACKGROUND: Nanotechnology involves the engineering of structures on a molecular level. Nanomedicine and nano-delivery systems have been designed to deliver therapeutic agents to a target site or organ in a controlled manner, maximizing efficacy while minimizing off-target effects of the therapeutic agent administered. In both reproductive medicine and obstetrics, developing innovative therapeutics is often tempered by fears of damage to the gamete, embryo or developing foetus or of negatively impacting a woman's reproductive potential. Thus, nanomedicine delivery systems may provide alternative targeted intervention strategies, treating the source of the disease and minimizing long-term consequences for the mother and/or her foetus. OBJECTIVE AND RATIONALE: This review summarizes the current state of nanomedicine technology in reproductive medicine and obstetrics, including safety, potential applications, future directions and the hurdles for translation. SEARCH METHODS: A comprehensive electronic literature search of PubMed and Web of Science databases was performed to identify studies published in English up until February 2020. Relevant keywords were used to obtain information regarding use of nanoparticle technology in fertility and gene therapy, early pregnancy complications (ectopic pregnancy and gestational trophoblastic disease) and obstetric complications (preeclampsia, foetal growth restriction, preterm birth and gestational diabetes) and for selective treatment of the mother or foetus. Safety of specific nanoparticles to the gamete, embryo and foetus was also investigated. OUTCOMES: Pre-clinical research in the development of nanoparticle therapeutic delivery is being undertaken in many fields of reproductive medicine. Non-hormonal-targeted nanoparticle therapy for fibroids and endometriosis may provide fertility-sparing medical management. Delivery of interventions via nanotechnology provides opportunities for gene manipulation and delivery in mammalian gametes. Targeting cytotoxic treatments to early pregnancy tissue provides an alternative approach to manage ectopic pregnancies and gestational trophoblastic disease. In pregnancy, nanotherapeutic delivery offers options to stably deliver silencing RNA and microRNA inhibitors to the placenta to regulate gene expression, opening doors to novel genetic treatments for preeclampsia and foetal growth restriction. Restricting delivery of teratogenic drugs to the maternal compartment (such as warfarin) may reduce risks to the foetus. Alternatively, targeted delivery of drugs to the foetus (such as those to treat foetal arrythmias) may minimize side effects for the mother. WIDER IMPLICATIONS: We expect that further development of targeted therapies using nanoparticles in a reproductive setting has promise to eventually allow safe and directed treatments for conditions impacting the health and reproductive capacity of women and for the management of pregnancy and serious pregnancy complications.  © The Author(s) 2020.
The current and potential therapeutic use of metformin—the good old drug; Metformin, one of the oldest oral antidiabetic agents and still recommended by almost all current guidelines as the first-line treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), has become the medication with steadily increasing potential therapeutic indications. A broad spectrum of experimental and clinical studies showed that metformin has a pleiotropic activity and favorable effect in different pathological conditions, including prediabetes, type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Moreover, there are numerous studies, meta-analyses and population studies indicating that metformin is safe and well tolerated and may be associated with cardioprotective and nephroprotective effect. Recently, it has also been reported in some studies, but not all, that metformin, besides improvement of glucose homeostasis, may possibly reduce the risk of cancer development, inhibit the incidence of neurodegenerative disease and prolong the lifespan. This paper presents some arguments supporting the initiation of metformin in patients with newly diagnosed T2DM, especially those without cardiovascular risk factors or without established cardiovascular disease or advanced kidney insufficiency at the time of new guidelines favoring new drugs with pleotropic effects complimentary to glucose control. Moreover, it focuses on the potential beneficial effects of metformin in patients with T2DM and coexisting chronic diseases. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Postpartum complications increased in women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Background: Women with polycystic ovary syndrome are at a higher risk of cardiometabolic and psychiatric comorbidities and preconception and antepartum complications, but the impact of polycystic ovary syndrome during the postpartum period is unknown. Objective: This study aimed to investigate the risk of postpartum cardiovascular disease complications and perinatal and postpartum depression. Study Design: This was a retrospective cohort study conducted using a United States insurance claims database. Women with and without polycystic ovary syndrome aged 18 to 50 years enrolled continuously in a single health plan during the preconception, antepartum, and postpartum periods between 2000 and 2016 were included. The primary outcome was postpartum cardiovascular disease and depression (perinatal and postpartum). Multivariable logistic regression was used to adjust for covariates including age, geographic location, preterm delivery, assisted reproductive technology use, multiple births, prepregnancy depression, prepregnancy diabetes, prepregnancy hypertension, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, obesity, history of hyperlipidemia, smoking, and race. Results: We identified 42,391 unique women with polycystic ovary syndrome and 795,480 women without polycystic ovary syndrome. In multivariable models, women with polycystic ovary syndrome had significantly higher odds of cardiovascular disease complications, including postpartum preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio, 1.30; 95% confidence interval, 1.17–1.45), eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio, 1.45; 95% confidence interval, 1.14–1.86) cardiomyopathy (adjusted odds ratio, 1.26; 95% confidence interval, 1.03–1.54), hypertensive heart disease (adjusted odds ratio, 1.32: 95% confidence interval, 1.07–1.64), thrombotic disease (adjusted odds ratio, 1.50; 95% confidence interval, 1.20–1.87), congestive heart failure (adjusted odds ratio, 1.35; 95% confidence interval, 1.13–1.61), and cerebrovascular accidents (adjusted odds ratio, 1.21; 95% confidence interval, 1.14–1.29), than those without polycystic ovary syndrome, as well as both perinatal (adjusted odds ratio, 1.27; 95% confidence interval, 1.22–1.33) and postpartum depression (adjusted odds ratio, 1.46; 95% confidence interval, 1.36–1.57). Nonobese women with polycystic ovary syndrome had higher odds of postpartum eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio 1.72; 95% confidence interval, 1.31–2.26), peripartum cardiomyopathy (adjusted odds ratio, 1.43; 95% confidence interval, 1.14–1.79), and cerebrovascular accidents (adjusted odds ratio, 1.28; 95% confidence interval, 1.19–1.38) than nonobese women without polycystic ovary syndrome. In the group of women without prepregnancy depression, the odds of perinatal depression (adjusted odds ratio, 1.32; 95% confidence interval, 1.26–1.39) and postpartum depression (adjusted odds ratio, 1.50; 95% confidence interval, 1.39–1.62) were higher in women with polycystic ovary syndrome than those without polycystic ovary syndrome. Conclusion: In a large United States cohort, our study found that women with polycystic ovary syndrome are at increased risk of both cardiovascular and psychiatric complications during the postpartum period. Polycystic ovary syndrome should be recognized as an at-risk condition; our findings underscore the need for routine screening and early interventions for these major comorbidities. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Clinical Outcomes in High-Risk Pregnancies Due to Advanced Maternal Age; Although the influence of advanced maternal age (AMA) and delayed childbearing on adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes has been studied extensively, no universal consensus on the definition of AMA exists. This terminology currently refers to the later years of a woman's reproductive life span and generally applies to women age ≥35 years. AMA increases the risk of pregnancy complications, including ectopic pregnancy, spontaneous abortion, fetal chromosomal abnormalities, congenital anomalies, placenta previa and abruption, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and cesarean delivery. Such complications could be the cause of preterm birth and increase the risk of perinatal mortality. For women who have a chronic illness, pregnancy may lead to additional risk that demands increased monitoring or surveillance. The management of pregnant women of AMA requires understanding the relationship between age and preexisting comorbidities. The outcomes from pregnancy in AMA may have a negative impact on women's health as they age because of both the changes from the pregnancy itself and the increased risk of pregnancy-related complications. Postpartum depression affects women of AMA at higher rates. Links between preeclampsia and the risk of future development of cardiovascular disease require follow-up surveillance. The association between hypertensive pregnancy disorders and cognitive and brain functions needs further investigation of sex-specific risk factors across the life span. Educating providers and women of AMA is crucial to facilitate clinical decision making and such education should consider cultural influences, risk perception, and women's health literacy, as well as providers' biases and system issues. © Copyright 2021, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers 2021.
Associations of gestational cardiovascular health with pregnancy outcomes: the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study; Background: The American Heart Association's formal characterization of cardiovascular health combines several metrics in a health-oriented, rather than disease-oriented, framework. Although cardiovascular health assessment during pregnancy has been recommended, its significance for pregnancy outcomes is unknown. Objective: The purpose of this study was to examine the association of gestational cardiovascular health—formally characterized by a combination of 5 metrics—with adverse maternal and newborn outcomes. Study Design: We analyzed data from the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study, including 2304 mother-newborn dyads from 6 countries. Maternal cardiovascular health was defined by the combination of the following 5 metrics measured at a mean of 28 (24–32) weeks’ gestation: body mass index, blood pressure, lipids, glucose, and smoking. Levels of each metric were categorized using pregnancy guidelines, and the total cardiovascular health was scored (0–10 points, where 10 was the most favorable). Cord blood was collected at delivery, newborn anthropometrics were measured within 72 hours, and medical records were abstracted for obstetrical outcomes. Modified Poisson and multinomial logistic regression were used to test the associations of gestational cardiovascular health with pregnancy outcomes, adjusted for center and maternal and newborn characteristics. Results: The average age of women at study exam was 29.6 years old, and they delivered at a mean gestational age of 39.8 weeks. The mean total gestational cardiovascular health score was 8.6 (of 10); 36.3% had all ideal metrics and 7.5% had 2+ poor metrics. In fully adjusted models, each 1 point higher (more favorable) cardiovascular health score was associated with lower risks for preeclampsia (relative risk, 0.67 [95% confidence interval, 0.61–0.73]), unplanned primary cesarean delivery (0.88 [0.82–0.95]), newborn birthweight >90th percentile (0.81 [0.75–0.87]), sum of skinfolds >90th percentile (0.84 [0.77–0.92]), and insulin sensitivity <10th percentile (0.83 [0.77–0.90]). Cardiovascular health categories demonstrated graded associations with outcomes; for example, relative risks (95% confidence intervals) for preeclampsia were 3.13 (1.39–7.06), 5.34 (2.44–11.70), and 9.30 (3.95–21.86) for women with ≥1 intermediate, 1 poor, or ≥2 poor (vs all ideal) metrics, respectively. Conclusion: More favorable cardiovascular health at 24 to 32 weeks’ gestation was associated with lower risks for several adverse pregnancy outcomes in a multinational cohort. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
The 1-Hour Plasma Glucose: Common Link Across the Glycemic Spectrum; Evidence from populations at risk for type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes substantiates the 1-hour plasma glucose as a sensitive alternative marker for identifying high-risk individuals when ß-cell function is relatively more functional. An elevated 1-hour plasma glucose could therefore diagnose dysglycemia and risk for complications across the glycemic spectrum. Reducing the 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test to 1-hour would reduce the burden on patients, likely reduce costs, and enhance its accessibility in practice. © Copyright © 2021 Bergman.
Racial and ethnic disparities in chronic health conditions among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: This study aims to examine and determine the role of race/ethnicity in chronic conditions in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during any of their previous pregnancies. Methods: We used the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) from 2007-2016 to identify women who self-reported prior GDM and chronic disease diagnoses such as cardiovascular disease, hypertension, depression, and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We used bivariate analysis using the chi-square test (χ2) and multiple logistic regressions to perform statistical test for associations, taking into consideration design and sample weight. Results: Among participants with prior GDM diagnoses, black women had a 74.4% prevalence of chronic disease, followed by Whites, 58.5% Hispanics, 58.0%, and Asians, 51.9% (P=0.009). Black women with prior GDM diagnoses had 2.4 odds of having chronic conditions compared to Whites (adjusted odds ratio [AOR]=2.40, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.28-4.50). In addition, they had higher odds of being former smokers (AOR=1.73, 95% CI=1.01-2.96), current smokers (AOR=1.96, 95% CI=1.06-3.61), having a body mass index (BMI) of 25-29.9 (AOR=2.55, 95% CI=1.10-5.87), or a BMI ≥30 (AOR=4.09, 95% CI = 2.05-8.17) compared to their White counterparts. Hispanic women had lower odds of being diagnosed with GDM and associated chronic diseases. Conclusion: Black women with GDM were disproportionally affected and at higher risk to be diagnosed with chronic conditions. Smoking and obesity were strongly associated with chronic disease diagnoses. Our findings also suggest a 'Hispanic Paradox', requiring further study. These findings inform primary care clinicians and Obstetricians, and Gynecologists of at-risk patients who could benefit from lifestyle modification recommendations and counseling. © 2021 The Author(s). This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.
Risk Factors for Failure in First-Time Hearing Screening Tests among High-Risk Neonates in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit; Objective: The aim of the study was to investigate into the risk factors for failure in the first-time screening test among high-risk neonates in neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) in order to further clarify the etiology of neonatal hearing impairment, thus providing insights into early prevention and intervention. Methods: We performed automated auditory brainstem response (AABR), distortion product otoacoustic emission (DPOAE), and acoustic immittance (AI) on 2,194 high-risk neonates admitted into the NICU of Shanghai Children's Medical Center from January 2015 to December 2019, and the risk factors, including premature birth, hyperbilirubinemia, and infant respiratory distress syndrome, were analyzed retrospectively by the univariate χ2 test and multivariate stepwise logistic regression analysis. Results: The pass rates of AABR, DPOAE, and AI were 70.21, 78.44, and 93.12%, respectively, in 2,194 cases of high-risk neonates screened, which are significantly lower than those of healthy controls. The most common diagnoses included artificial feeding, preterm birth, C-section, low birth weight (LBW), neonatal hyperbilirubinemia (NHB), neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (NRDS), congenital heart disease (CHD), gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-induced hypertension syndrome, advanced maternal age (AMA), twins, and in vitro fertilization. Stepwise logistic regression analysis indicated that the AABR pass rate was negatively correlated with LBW (p = 0.002), NHB (p < 0.001), NRDS (p = 0.007), artificial or mixed feeding (p = 0.018), and CHD (p = 0.005). The pass rate of DPOAE was negatively correlated with artificial or mixed feeding (p = 0.041), NHB (p < 0.001), LBW (p = 0.007), very LBW (VLBW) (p = 0.008), and C-section (p < 0.001). The pass rate of AI was negatively correlated with revised AMA (≥40 year) (p < 0.001), NHB (p = 0.043), C-section (p = 0.005), and artificial/mixed feeding (p = 0.036). Conclusion: The hearing screening pass rates of high-risk neonates in the NICU were lower than those of normal neonates, among which the rate of AABR was significantly lower than that of DPOAE. NRDS, NHB, LBW, revised AMA, CHD, C-section, and artificial feeding are potential risk factors of hearing impairment. The combination of different hearing screening tests is necessary for accurate diagnosis of congenital hearing disorders.  © 2021 S. Karger AG, Basel.
A study on research trends for gestational diabetes mellitus and breastfeeding: Focusing on text network analysis and topic modeling; Purpose: The aim of this study was to identify core keywords and topic groups in the 'Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and Breastfeeding' field of research for better understanding research trends in the past 20 years. Methods: This was a text-mining and topic modeling study composed of four steps: 1) collecting abstracts, 2) extracting and cleaning semantic morphemes, 3) building a co-occurrence matrix, and 4) analyzing network features and clustering topic groups. Results: A total of 635 papers published between 2001 and 2020 were found in databases (Web of Science, CINAHL, RISS, DBPIA, RISS, KISS). Among them, 3,639 words extracted from 366 articles selected according to the conditions were analyzed by text network analysis and topic modeling. The most important keywords were 'exposure', 'fetus', 'hypoglycemia', 'prevention' and 'program'. Six topic groups were identified through topic modeling. The main topics of the study were 'cardiovascular disease' and 'obesity'. Through the topic modeling analysis, six themes were derived: 'cardiovascular disease', 'obesity', 'complication prevention strategy', 'support of breastfeeding', 'educational program' and 'management of GDM'. Conclusion: This study showed that over the past 20 years many studies have been conducted on complications such as cardiovascular diseases and obesity related to gestational diabetes and breastfeeding. In order to prevent complications of gestational diabetes and promote breastfeeding, various nursing interventions, including gestational diabetes management and educational programs for GDM pregnancies, should be developed in nursing fields. Copyright © 2021 Korean Academic Society of Nursing Education.
Proteinuria and venous thromboembolism in pregnancy: a population-based cohort study; Background. Pregnancy-associated venous thromboembolism (VTE) is associated with high morbidity and mortality. Identification of risk factors of VTE may lead to improved maternal and foetal outcomes. Proteinuria confers a pro-thrombotic state, however, its association with VTE in pregnancy remains unknown. We set out to assess the association of proteinuria and VTE during pregnancy. Methods. We conducted a population-based, retrospective cohort study of all pregnant women (≥16 years of age) with a proteinuria measure within 20 weeks of conception (n = 306 244; mean age 29.8 years) from Ontario, Canada. Proteinuria was defined by any of the following: urine albumin:creatinine ratio ≥3 mg/mmol, urine protein:creatinine ratio ≥5 mg/mmol or urine dipstick proteinuria ≥1. The main outcome measure was a diagnosis of VTE up to 24-weeks post-partum. Results. A positive proteinuria measurement occurred in 8508 (2.78%) women and was more common with a history of kidney disease, gestational or non-gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension. VTE events occurred in 625 (0.20%) individuals, with a higher risk among women with positive proteinuria [32 events (0.38%)] compared with women without proteinuria [593 events (0.20%); inverse probability-weighted risk ratio 1.79 (95% confidence interval 1.25–2.57)]. The association was consistent using a more specific VTE definition, in the post-partum period, in high-risk subgroups (hypertension or diabetes) and when the sample was restricted to women with preserved kidney function. Conclusions. The presence of proteinuria in the first 20 weeks of pregnancy is associated with a significantly higher risk of VTE. © The Author(s) 2021.
Effects of Telemetric Interventions on Maternal and Fetal or Neonatal Outcomes in Gestational Diabetes: Systematic Meta-Review; Background: In 2019, 1 of 6 births was affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) globally. GDM results in adverse maternal, fetal, and neonatal outcomes in the short and long term, such as pregnancy and birth complications, type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. In the context of “transgenerational programming,” diabetes mellitus during pregnancy can contribute to “programming” errors and long-term consequences for the child. Therefore, early therapy strategies are required to improve the clinical management of GDM. The interest in digital therapy approaches, such as telemetry, has increased because they are promising, innovative, and sustainable. Objective: This study aimed to assess the current evidence regarding the clinical effectiveness of telemetric interventions in the management of GDM, addressing maternal glycemic control, scheduled and unscheduled visits, satisfaction, diabetes self-efficacy, compliance, maternal complications in pregnancy and childbirth, as well as fetal and neonatal outcomes. Methods: Medline via PubMed, Web of Science Core Collection, Embase, Cochrane Library, and CINAHL databases were systematically searched from January 2008 to April 2020. We included randomized controlled trials, systematic reviews, meta-analyses, and clinical trials in English and German. Study quality was assessed using “A MeaSurement Tool to Assess systematic Reviews” and “Effective Public Health Practice Project.” Results: Our search identified 1116 unique studies. Finally, we included 11 suitable studies (including a total of 563 patients and 2779 patient cases): 4 systematic reviews or meta-analyses (1 of high quality and 3 of moderate quality), 6 randomized controlled trials (2 of high quality and 4 of moderate quality), and 1 low-quality nonrandomized controlled trial. We classified 4 “asynchronous interventions” and 3 “asynchronous and real-time interventions.” Our findings indicate that telemetric therapy clearly improves glycemic control and effectively reduces glycated hemoglobin A1c levels. Furthermore, in 1 study, telemetry proved to be a significant predictor for a better glycemic control (hazard ratio=1.71, 95% CI 1.11-2.65; P=.02), significantly fewer insulin titrations were required (P=.04), and glycemic control was achieved earlier. Telemetric therapy significantly reduced scheduled and unscheduled clinic visits effectively, and women were highly satisfied with the treatment (P<.05). From fetal and neonatal short-term outcomes, some improving tendencies in favor of telemetry were determined. No long-term outcomes were detected. Conclusions: Telemetric interventions clearly improved glycemic control, notably glycated hemoglobin A1c levels, and reduced scheduled and unscheduled clinic visits effectively, which reinforces this digital approach in the treatment of GDM. ©Claudia Eberle, Stefanie Stichling.
Core outcomes in gestational diabetes for treatment trials: The Gestational Metabolic Group treatment set; Aims: With the rising number of outcomes being reported following gestational diabetes (GDM), the outcomes in existing studies vary widely making it challenging to compare and contrast the effectiveness of different interventions for GDM. The purpose of this study was to develop a core outcome and measurement set (COS) for GDM treatment trials. Materials & Methods: A Delphi study with structured consultation with stakeholders and discussion within a specialist Gestational Metabolic Group (GEM) were combined with a comprehensive systematic search across different databases (PubMed, Cochrane Library, and Embase). Several Delphi rounds over 2 years were conducted culminating in this report. Results: The process resulted in a targeted set of outcomes constituting a “GEM treatment set” aligned with expert opinion. The final COS also included a measurement set for the 11 important clinical outcomes from three major domains: maternal metabolic, fetal, and pregnancy related. Conclusions: Based on the results of this study, it is recommended that future clinical trials on GDM report outcomes uniformly keeping to the recommended COS outcomes. © 2020 The Authors. Obesity Science & Practice published by World Obesity and The Obesity Society and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Are newly introduced criteria for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus associated with improved pregnancy outcomes and/or increased interventions in New South Wales, Australia? A population-based data linkage study; Introduction The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing in Australia, influenced by changed diagnostic criteria. We aimed to identify whether the diagnostic change was associated with improved outcomes and/or increased obstetric interventions using state-wide data in New South Wales (NSW), Australia. Research design and methods Perinatal and hospital data were linked for singleton births, 33-41 weeks' gestation, 2006-2015, NSW. An adjusted Poisson model was used to split pregnancies from 2011 onwards into those that would have been diagnosed under the old criteria (a € previous GDM') and newly diagnosed cases (a € additional GDM'). We compared actual rates of total and early (<39 weeks) planned births, cesareans, and maternal and neonatal adverse outcomes for GDM-diagnosed pregnancies using three predicted scenarios, where the a € additional GDM' group was assumed to have the same rates as: the a € previous GDM' group <2011 (scenario A); the a € non-GDM' group <2011 (scenario B); or the a € non-GDM' group ≥2011 (scenario C). Results GDM incidence more than doubled over the study period, with an inflection point observed at 2011. For those diagnosed with GDM since 2011, the actual incidence of interventions (planned births and cesareans) and macrosomia was consistent with scenario A, which meant higher intervention rates, but lower rates of macrosomia, than those with no GDM. Incidence of neonatal hypoglycemia was lower than scenario A and closer to the other scenarios. There was a reduction in perinatal deaths among those with GDM, lower than that predicted by all scenarios, indicating an improvement for all with GDM, not only women newly diagnosed. Incidence of maternal and neonatal morbidity indicators was within the confidence bounds for all three predicted scenarios. Conclusions Our study suggests that the widely adopted new diagnostic criteria for GDM are associated with increased obstetric intervention rates and lower rates of macrosomic babies, but with no clear impacts on maternal or neonatal morbidity.  ©
Three-dimensional echocardiography and cardiac strain imaging in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with premature cardiovascular disease and adverse cardiovascular outcome in the mother. Subclinical cardiac functional changes in the left ventricle have been reported during pregnancy in women with GDM using conventional echocardiography, but results are inconsistent. The aims of the current study were to assess whether GDM is associated with biventricular systolic dysfunction in the mother and whether these cardiac changes can be detected using the novel echocardiographic modalities of strain imaging and three-dimensional (3D) echocardiography. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study in women with GDM and controls examined at 26–40 weeks of gestation. All women underwent echocardiography, and 3D volumes of the left and right ventricles and left atrium were collected. Ejection fraction and left ventricular mass were measured using 3D echocardiography. Left ventricular mass was indexed to body surface area. Speckle-tracking echocardiography was used to assess global longitudinal strain of the left and right ventricles and strain of the left atrium. Results: The study population included 123 women with GDM and 246 controls. Women with GDM, compared to controls, were older (35.1 ± 5.2 vs 32.4 ± 5.5 years; P < 0.001), had higher body mass index (30.6 (interquartile range (IQR), 26.2–35.2) vs 27.5 (IQR, 24.7–30.7) kg/m2; P < 0.001) and had higher systolic blood pressure (119.9 ± 11.2 vs 116.4 ± 12.0 mmHg; P = 0.007). In all women with GDM, there was good glycemic control. In women with GDM, compared to controls, there was lower global longitudinal strain of the left ventricle (−19.3% (IQR, −21.4 to −17.6%) vs −20.1% (IQR, −22.1 to −18.7%); P = 0.002) and right ventricle (−22.2% (IQR, −26.1 to −19.8%) vs −24.1% (IQR, −27.0 to −21.9%); P < 0.001). There was no significant difference between the groups in ejection fraction, left ventricular mass, diastolic function assessed by left atrial strain, or 3D functional indices. Conclusions: Women with GDM, compared to women with uncomplicated pregnancy, have lower left and right ventricular myocardial deformation. Volumetric assessment using 3D echocardiography does not provide additional information about maternal cardiac function. Strain imaging is a sensitive echocardiographic modality to detect early cardiac functional changes in women with GDM. Further studies are needed to assess the pattern of deterioration of cardiac function with advancing age in women with a history of GDM. © 2021 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology. © 2021 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Maternal Vitamin B12 Status During Pregnancy and Its Association With Outcomes of Pregnancy and Health of the Offspring: A Systematic Review and Implications for Policy in India; Background: Vitamins B12 and folate participate in the one-carbon metabolism cycle and hence regulate fetal growth. Though vitamin B12 deficiency is widely prevalent, the current public health policy in India is to supplement only iron and folic acid for the prevention of anaemia. Prompted by our research findings of the importance of maternal vitamin B12 status for a healthy pregnancy, birth and offspring health outcomes, we evaluated available literature evidence using a systematic review approach, to inform policy. Methods: A systematic search was performed for relevant Indian studies in the MEDLINE/PubMed and IndMed databases. We selected studies reporting maternal vitamin B12 status (dietary intake or blood concentrations), and/or metabolic markers of vitamin B12 deficiency (homocysteine, methylmalonic acid) or haematological indices during pregnancy and their associations with outcomes of pregnancy, infancy or in later life. Intervention trials of vitamin B12 during pregnancy were also included. Quality of evidence was assessed on the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) system. We followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) statement. Results: Of the 635 articles identified, 46 studies met the inclusion criteria (cohort studies-26, case-control studies-13, RCT’s -7). There is a high prevalence of vitamin B12 deficiency in Indian women during pregnancy (40-70%) (3 studies). Observational studies support associations (adjusted for potential sociodemographic confounders, maternal body size, postnatal factors) of lower maternal B12, higher homocysteine or an imbalance between vitamin B12-folate status with a higher risk of NTDs (6 studies), pregnancy complications (recurrent pregnancy losses, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia) (9 studies), lower birth weight (10 studies) and adverse longer-term health outcomes in the offspring (cognitive functions, adiposity, insulin resistance) (11 studies). Vitamin B12 supplementation (7 RCT’s) in pregnancy showed a beneficial effect on offspring neurocognitive development and an effect on birth weight was inconclusive. There is a high quality evidence to support the role of low maternal vitamin B12 in higher risk for NTD and low birth weight and moderate-quality evidence for higher risk of gestational diabetes and later life adverse health outcomes (cognitive functions, risk for diabetes) in offspring. Conclusion: In the Indian population low maternal vitaminB12 status, is associated with adverse maternal and child health outcomes. The level of evidence supports adding vitamin B12 to existing nutritional programs in India for extended benefits on outcomes in pregnancy and offspring health besides control of anaemia. Systematic Review Registration: [website], identifier [registration number] © Copyright © 2021 Behere, Deshmukh, Otiv, Gupte and Yajnik.
Prevention of neonatal hypoglycemia with oral glucose gel for high-risk newborns; Background: Neonatal hypoglycemia (glucose <47) is the most common metabolic problem in newborns (incidence 5%-15%) and can cause adverse outcomes, even in the absence of noticeable symp-toms. Oral glucose gel (OGG) is safe and effective for treatment of neonatal hypoglycemia. In order to reduce interventions such as intravenous (IV) dextrose administration and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) transfer, in October 2017, we implemented a protocol in our Level 1 rural community hospital to identify newborns with asymptomatic hypoglycemia based on risk factors and treat them with OGG. Risk factors include large or small size for gestational age, maternal gestational diabetes, preterm and late preterm birth, and newborns requiring resuscitation. Methods: Chart review was performed for all infants born at our hospital from October 1, 2016 through September 30, 2018. Data for year 1—the period before protocol implementation (October 2016-September 2017)—was compared to post implementation data from year 2 (October 2017-September 2018). Results: There was a significant risk reduction in newborns requiring interventions due to hypoglycemia after protocol implementation (P= 0.029, Student t test). In year one, 7 of 310 total newborns required IV dextrose or NICU transfer related to neonatal hypoglycemia. In year two, 108 out of 250 total newborns were tested for asymptomatic hypoglycemia based on risk factors identified in the protocol. Of those tested, 31 newborns demonstrated hypoglycemia and received OGG. None of the 250 newborns required further associated interventions. Conclusion: Protocol-based hypoglycemia testing based on risk factors with subsequent OGG administration was effective in reducing the need for IV dextrose and NICU transfer from our Level 1 rural community hospital. © 2021, State Medical Society of Wisconsin. All rights reserved.
Gestational diabetes mellitus : what after delivery ?; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) occurs in an increasing number of pregnancies. Due to its disappearance after delivery, GDM can be underestimated despite description of many risks for mothers and offsprings later in life. These women are at higher risk for metabolic abnormalities and cardiovascular disease. Overweight/obesity, metabolic disturbances, cardiovascular complications and lower cognitive abilities are more frequent in offsprings. These two populations need an early and adequate prevention of metabolic and cardiovascular disorder from a public health point of view. Lifestyle (healthy diet and exercise) is the best advice to promote in these families. For these women with previous DG, breast-feeding as long as possible and metformin may also be part of the management. © 2021 Editions Medecine et Hygiene. All rights reserved.
Creating a novel strategy to reduce unnecessary laboratory testing based on healthcare cost analysis in high-risk pregnancies and delivery ward; Introduction: Inappropriate request for laboratory tests is a challenging problem and an important cause for additional healthcare costs. Indeed, it may have further ambiguity for the clinicians. This study aimed to design an education-based program to reduce unnecessary laboratory testing orders and the associated costs. Materials and methods: In this interventional prospective study that took place in an educational hospital, the type and frequency of selected laboratory testing requested by gynecology, and obstetrics residents in the patients with gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, preterm labor, and premature preterm rupture of the membrane as well as cesarean section and normal vaginal delivery were analyzed periodically in a 1-year interval. At the same time, continuous educational supports and monitoring were performed. The results were compared before and after interventions. Results: The educational intervention regardless of the etiologies of the admission, decreased the requested laboratory testing significantly (p < 0.001), except for CBC. Indeed, no near misses or delays in treatment were observed. Cost analysis showed a 31.3% reduction of expenses per inpatient day due to the decrease in the number of daily laboratory testing ordered. Conclusions: Appropriate education and continuous monitoring of the residents could reduce the unrequired laboratory testing as well as healthcare costs. © 2021 The Authors. Journal of Clinical Laboratory Analysis published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome: Impact on Adult and Fetal Health; Women with the polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) may have an increased risk for complications in pregnancy including miscarriage, gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, higher rates of cesarean delivery, and abnormalities in fetal growth. In addition, PCOS has been associated with the development of type II diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, obstructive sleep apnea, endometrial cancer, depression and anxiety, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. In understanding that PCOS is a disease impacting more than just a woman's fertility, prevention and early identification of risk factors for affiliated conditions is essential. © 2021 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Fetal Heart Rate Decelerations in Women with Sleep-Disordered Breathing; Emerging literature has shown that women with sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) have increased risk for gestational hypertension/preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Case reports suggest an association between maternal apnea and fetal heart rate deceleration but data are lacking on how maternal sleep impacts fetal health. Since decelerations may be associated with adverse outcomes, we sought to determine whether fetal heart rate decelerations were associated with SDB. A cohort study of third trimester pregnant women with a singleton fetus was conducted. Participants underwent a home sleep test with continuous portable electronic fetal monitoring. SDB was defined as a respiratory disturbance index (RDI)≥10 events/hour. The temporality between a respiratory event and fetal heart rate decelerations was determined to be present if a deceleration occurred < 30 s after a respiratory event. Forty women were included with mean (±SD) age, BMI, and gestational age of 32.0±5.5 years, 37.1±8.0 kg/m2, and 34.6±2.4 weeks respectively. Overall, n=23 (57.5%) women had SDB. Thirty-seven late decelerations were observed in 18 women; of these, 84% were temporally associated with a respiratory event. Nine of the 18 women (50%) had SDB. Ten prolonged decelerations were observed in 6 women of which nine (90%) were temporally associated with a respiratory event. Five of the six women (83%) had an RDI≥10. These initial data suggest that, in this population, the majority of both late and prolonged fetal heart rate decelerations occur with a maternal respiratory event. Since respiratory events are characteristic of maternal SDB, this raises the possibility that SDB may influence fetal well-being. © 2021, This is a U.S. government work and not under copyright protection in the U.S.; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Increased risk of multiple pregnancy complications following large-scale power outages during Hurricane Sandy in New York State; Background: Large-scale power outages (PO) are increasing in the context of climate change. Although some research has been conducted into the adverse health impacts of POs, significant gaps remain regarding whether POs would affect the health of pregnant women. We investigated the association between ED visits due to pregnancy complications and the occurence, intensity, and duration of large-scale POs in eight Sandy-affected counties in New York State (NYS). Methods: In this cross-sectional study, daily ED visits for pregnancy complications and large-scale PO data in eight counties in NYS from October to December in 2005–2014 were collected. Using time-series analysis, we estimated the relative increase in ED visits for pregnancy complications during POs compared with non-PO periods at lag 0–7 days. Short-term health impacts of PO intensity and PO duration were investigated. Estimations were also stratified by sociodemographic characteristics and disease subtypes including threatened or spontaneous abortion, threatened or early labor, hypertension complications, infections of genitourinary tract, renal diseases, gestational diabetes mellitus, mental illnesses, and cardiovascular diseases during pregnancy. Results: From October to December in 2005–2014, there were 307,739 ED visits for pregnancy complications in the eight counties. We found significant increases in ED visits for overall pregnancy complications (16.6%, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 10.3%, 23.2%) during the Hurricane-PO period at lag 0–7 days. The ED visits increased by 8.8% per level increase in PO intensity and 1.4% per day increase in PO duration. Specifically, threatened/early delivery and gestational diabetes mellitus during the PO period increased by 26.7% (95% CI: 8.2%, 48.4%) and 111.8% (95% CI: 16.7%, 284.4%), respectively. Young adult, Black, Hispanic, and uninsured individuals were at higher risk of complications. Conclusions: POs may adversely impact pregnancy, especially for certain pregnancy complications and among low sociodemographic women. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Cardiovascular health after menopause transition, pregnancy disorders, and other gynaecologic conditions: A consensus document from European cardiologists, gynaecologists, and endocrinologists; Women undergo important changes in sex hormones throughout their lifetime that can impact cardiovascular disease risk. Whereas the traditional cardiovascular risk factors dominate in older age, there are several female-specific risk factors and inflammatory risk variables that influence a woman's risk at younger and middle age. Hypertensive pregnancy disorders and gestational diabetes are associated with a higher risk in younger women. Menopause transition has an additional adverse effect to ageing that may demand specific attention to ensure optimal cardiovascular risk profile and quality of life. In this position paper, we provide an update of gynaecological and obstetric conditions that interact with cardiovascular risk in women. Practice points for clinical use are given according to the latest standards from various related disciplines (Figure 1).  © 2021 The Author(s) 2021.
Live Birth Following Uterine Transplantation From a Nulliparous Deceased Donor; Background. Nulliparous uterine grafts have never been used in uterus transplantation (UTx), possibly due to presumed infertility. Our objective was to verify the feasibility of nulliparous uterine graft transplantation. Methods. The Czech Uterus Transplant Trial (registered under ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier NCT03277430) is a 2-arm trial comparing the efficacy of deceased donor (DD) versus live-donor uterus transplant (10 patients in both arms). A 25-year-old patient suffering from inborn absolute uterine factor infertility underwent a DD uterus transplant. The donor was a 20-year-old nulliparous brain-dead donor. Results. The transplant procedure was uneventful. The posttransplant period was complicated by (1) recurrent episodes of acute cellular rejection, (2) neutropenia necessitating the administration of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor, (3) vaginal anastomotic stenosis treated with the insertion of a self-expanding stent, (4) the concurrence of Clostridium difficile colitis and acute appendicitis, and (5) temporary renal function impairment of a combined cause. Two years after the UTx, after the fourth embryo transfer, the patient became pregnant. Apart from gestational diabetes mellitus, the pregnancy was uneventful. Due to preterm contractions, delivery was achieved via caesarean section at gestational age 34 + 6 years. The postoperative course was uneventful for both the mother and the newborn. Conclusions. Herein, we report the first live birth after a DD UTx in Europe. This report provides a proof of concept that nulliparous uteri may present a suitable source of uterine grafts for UTx. Stenting may serve as a feasible treatment method for vaginal anastomotic stenosis. Copyright © 2020 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Cinnamaldehyde mitigates placental vascular dysfunction of gestational diabetes and protects from the associated fetal hypoxia by modulating placental angiogenesis, metabolic activity and oxidative stress; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major pregnancy-related disorder with an increasing prevalence worldwide. GDM is associated with altered placental vascular functions and has severe consequences for fetal growth. There is no commonly accepted medication for GDM due to safety considerations. Actions of the currently limited therapeutic options focus exclusively on lowering the blood glucose level without paying attention to the altered placental vascular reactivity and remodelling. We used the fat-sucrose diet/streptozotocin (FSD/STZ) rat model of GDM to explore the efficacy of cinnamaldehyde (Ci; 20 mg/kg/day), a promising antidiabetic agent for GDM, and glyburide/metformin-HCl (Gly/Met; 0.6 + 100 mg/kg/day), as a reference drug for treatment of GDM, on the placenta structure and function at term pregnancy after their oral intake one week before mating onward. Through genome-wide transcriptome, biochemical, metabolome, metal analysis and histopathology we obtained an integrated understanding of their effects. GDM resulted in maternal and fetal hyperglycemia, fetal hyperinsulinemia and placental dysfunction with subsequent fetal anemia, hepatic iron deficiency and high serum erythropoietin level, reflecting fetal hypoxia. Differentially-regulated genes were overrepresented for pathways of angiogenesis, metabolic transporters and oxidative stress. Despite Ci and Gly/Met effectively alleviated the maternal and fetal glycemia, only Ci offered substantial protection from GDM-associated placental vasculopathy and prevented the fetal hypoxia. This was explained by Ci's impact on the molecular regulation of placental angiogenesis, metabolic activity and redox signaling. In conclusion, Ci provides a dual impact for the treatment of GDM at both maternal and fetal levels through its antidiabetic effect and the direct placental vasoprotective action. Lack of Gly/Met effectiveness to restore it's impaired functionality demonstrates the vital role of the placenta in developing efficient medications for GDM. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Gestational Diabetes History and Glucose Tolerance After Pregnancy Associated With Coronary Artery Calcium in Women During Midlife The CARDIA Study; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GD) leads to earlier onset and heightened risk of type 2 diabetes, a strong risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, it is unclear whether attaining normoglycemia can ameliorate the excess CVD risk associated with GD history. This study sought to evaluate GD history and glucose tolerance after pregnancy associated with coronary artery calcification (CAC) in women, a manifestation of atherosclerotic CVD and a predictor of CVD clinical events. METHODS: Data were obtained from the CARDIA study (Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults), a US multicenter, community-based prospective cohort of young Black (50%) and White adults aged 18 to 30 years at baseline (1985-1986). The sample included 1133 women without diabetes at baseline, who had ≥1 singleton births (n=2066) during followup, glucose tolerance testing at baseline and up to 5 times during 25 years (1986-2011), GD status, and CAC measurements obtained from 1 or more follow up examinations at years 15, 20, and 25 (2001-2011). CAC was measured by noncontrast cardiac computed tomography; dichotomized as Any CAC (score>0) or No CAC (score=0). Complementary log-log models for interval-censored data estimated adjusted hazard ratios of CAC and 95% confidence intervals for GD history and subsequent glucose tolerance groups (normoglycemia, prediabetes, or incident diabetes) on average 14.7 years after the last birth adjusted for prepregnancy and follow-up covariates. RESULTS: Of 1133 women, 139 (12.3%) reported GD and were 47.6 years of age (4.8 SD) at follow-up. CAC was present in 25% (34/139) of women with GD and 15% (149/994) of women with no GD. In comparison with no GD/normoglycemia, adjusted hazard ratios (95% CIs) were 1.54 (1.06-2.24) for no GD/prediabetes and 2.17 (1.30-3.62) for no GD/incident diabetes, and 2.34 (1.34-4.09), 2.13 (1.09-4.17), and 2.02 (0.98-4.19) for GD/normoglycemia, GD/prediabetes, and GD/incident diabetes, respectively (overall P=0.003). CONCLUSIONS: Women without previous GD showed a graded increase in the risk of CAC associated with worsening glucose tolerance. Women with a history of GD had a 2-fold higher risk of CAC across all subsequent levels of glucose tolerance. Midlife atherosclerotic CVD risk among women with previous GD is not diminished by attaining normoglycemia. © 2021 American Heart Association, Inc.
Is GDF-15 level associated with gestational diabetes mellitus and adverse perinatal outcomes?; Objective: Growth differentiation factor-15 (GDF-15), the new member of transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta family, is released as a response of oxidative stress, inflammation and tissue injury. We aimed to determine GDF-15 levels in patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) and the relation between GDF-15 and adverse perinatal outcomes. Materials and methods: Forty pregnant women with GDM (receiving diet and insulin therapy) and forty healthy pregnant women as control group participated in this current study. GDF- 15 levels were analyzed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assess kit. Results: The median serum GDF-15 level was measured higher in patients with GDM, and it was statistically meaningful (p: 0.000). Logistic regression analysis indicated that with the increase of GDF-15 level, the risk of GDM diseases increases as well. (P: 0.001, OR = 1.009; 95% CI = 1.003–1.014). There were no differences between GDF-15 levels and perinatal outcomes. Conclusion: We concluded that higher GDF-15 levels are related to GDM in the third trimester. The optimal GDF-15 cut-off value was measured as 326 pg/ml for the diagnosis of GDM with 70% sensitivity and 60% specificity in our study. Further studies are needed to show the significance of GDF-15 as a biomarker for the disease. © 2021
Combined past preeclampsia and gestational diabetes is associated with a very high frequency of coronary microvascular dysfunction; Background: A history of preeclampsia (pPE) and gestational diabetes (pGDM) are female-specific risk markers for atherosclerosis and future cardiovascular risk. In addition to increasing the risk of established risk factors for atherosclerosis, such as hypertension or diabetes, evidence suggests that pregnancy-related complications can also directly accelerate atherosclerosis by inducing endothelial dysfunction. A combination of both conditions is seen in a subset of patients with pregnancy, though it is not known whether this combination increases the overall risk for cardiovascular events. Aims: Present study aimed to find the impact of combined pPE/pGDM on the prevalence of coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD). Methods: A total of 24 patients with combined pPE/pGDM, 19 patients with isolated pPE and 63 patients with pGDM were included to the present study and a further 36 healthy women with no previous pregnancy-related complications served as controls. Coronary flow reserve was measured using echocardiography and CMD was defined as a coronary flow reserve ≤2.5. Results: Patients with combined pPE/pGDM had a high prevalence of CMD (91%), which was significantly higher than controls (5.6%, p < 0.001) and patients with pGDM (55%, p = 0.01). A history of pPE on top of pGDM was associated with an increased risk of CMD (HR:6.28, 95%CI:1.69–23.37, p = 0.006) after multivariate adjustment, but pGDM did not increase the odds for CMD in those with pPE. Conclusions: Combined pPE/pDM is associated with a very high prevalence of CMD, which may indicate an increased risk for future cardiovascular events. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Cardiovascular Disease Risk: Unique Opportunities for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention in Women: A Scientific Statement From the American Heart Association; This statement summarizes evidence that adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm delivery, gestational diabetes, small-for-gestational-age delivery, placental abruption, and pregnancy loss increase a woman's risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors and of developing subsequent CVD (including fatal and nonfatal coronary heart disease, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, and heart failure). This statement highlights the importance of recognizing APOs when CVD risk is evaluated in women, although their value in reclassifying risk may not be established. A history of APOs is a prompt for more vigorous primordial prevention of CVD risk factors and primary prevention of CVD. Adopting a heart-healthy diet and increasing physical activity among women with APOs, starting in the postpartum setting and continuing across the life span, are important lifestyle interventions to decrease CVD risk. Lactation and breastfeeding may lower a woman's later cardiometabolic risk. Black and Asian women experience a higher proportion APOs, with more severe clinical presentation and worse outcomes, than White women. More studies on APOs and CVD in non-White women are needed to better understand and address these health disparities. Future studies of aspirin, statins, and metformin may better inform our recommendations for pharmacotherapy in primary CVD prevention among women who have had an APO. Several opportunities exist for health care systems to improve transitions of care for women with APOs and to implement strategies to reduce their long-term CVD risk. One proposed strategy includes incorporation of the concept of a fourth trimester into clinical recommendations and health care policy. © 2021 American Heart Association, Inc.
Risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in women with prior hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims/hypothesis: The association between a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and subsequent type 2 diabetes (referred to throughout as diabetes) remains inconclusive. We reviewed the most recent evidence to quantify the association of previous HDP with incident diabetes. Methods: A systematic search of MEDLINE, Embase and CINAHL was performed up to 17 February 2020 to identify observational studies of the association between HDP (pre-eclampsia or gestational hypertension) and incident diabetes. Studies of women with pre-pregnancy diabetes were excluded. Two independent reviewers screened citations and abstracted results. Study quality was assessed in duplicate using the Newcastle–Ottawa Scale. Random-effects models were used to pool effect estimates. Heterogeneity was assessed using the I2 statistic. Results: After screening 4617 citations, 16 cohort studies with a total of 3,095,457 participants were included (unspecified HDP n = 5, pre-eclampsia only n = 4, gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia n = 7). Risks of subsequent diabetes were significantly higher in women with a history of any HDP (HDP: adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 2.24, 95% CI 1.95, 2.58; gestational hypertension: aHR 2.19 [95% CI 1.69, 2.84]; pre-eclampsia: aHR 2.56 [95% CI 2.02, 3.24]; preterm pre-eclampsia: aHR 3.05 [95% CI 2.05, 4.56]). The association between HDP and diabetes persisted in studies that adjusted for gestational diabetes mellitus (aHR 2.01 [95% CI 1.77, 2.28]). Conclusions/interpretation: HDP are independently associated with a higher risk of diabetes. Further study is needed to determine how HDP contribute to diabetes risk prediction to develop evidence-based screening and prevention strategies. [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. © 2021, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Gestational diabetes and risk assessment of adverse perinatal outcomes and newborns early motoric development; Background and Objectives: The aim of this study was to analyze the presencf gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on maternal and fetal perinatal parameters, as well tvaluate the influencf GDM on neonataarly motoric development. Materials and Methods: In this prospectivtudy, wvaluated 203 eligible participants that were admitted tbstetrics department for a labor. GDM was assessed by evaluation of maternal parameters, fetal parameters, as well its impact on infants early motoric development (Alberta Infant Motor Scale—AIMS). Results: Presencf GDM was significantly positively associated with: Pre-pregnancy weight, obesity degree, weight at delivery, gestational weight gain (GWG), body mass index (BMI) at delivery, GWG and increased pre-pregnancy BMI, glucose levels in mother’s venous blood after the delivery, positivamily history for cardiovascular disease, pregnancy-related hypertension, congenital thrombophilia, drug use in pregnancy, largor gestational age (LGA), modf delivery (Cesarean section and instrumental delivery). Likewise, GDM association was detected for tested ultrasound parameters (biparietal diameter (BPD), head circumference (HC), abdominal circumference (AC), femoral length (FL)), length at birth, birth weight, newborn’s head circumference, newborn’s chest circumference, AIMupination and pronation at three months, AIMupination, pronation, sitting and standing at six months. Only Amniotic Fluid Index and AIMupination at three months of infant’s agemained significantly associated in multivariategression model. Conclusion: The presencf significant positive association of numerous tested parameters in outudy on perinatautcomes and early motoric development, points to the necessity of establishing appropriate clinical decision-makintrategies for all pregnant woman at risk and emphasize the importancf providing adequate glycaemia controptions and furtheegulaollow ups during the pregnancy. © 2021 by the authors.
Ease impact of age on stress related complications in pregnancy; Age brings a lot of complications like high blood pressure, diabetes and high cholesterol and due to reduced physical activity among women, these risks are higher. When women tend to postpone the pregnancy due to various social, cultural, personal and economic reasons, the risk of complications during childbirth also increases. Though there may be a number of reasons for each woman to postpone the pregnancy, the outcomes will represent a risk for the woman as well as the health of the baby. Stress is a major cause of disorders and complications like diabetes, hypertension, stroke etc. in normal people. Pregnant women undergo a lot of stress during the pregnancy duration and it also affects the fetes. As the age progresses, the stress related complications like high blood pressure, diabetes and high cholesterol increase the risk of complications during the pregnancy and delivery leading to other complications like birth defects. The paper discusses a model for connecting the age and stress related risks during pregnancy and for predicting the risk prone age which can create complications like ceasarian sections, hypertension and gestational diabetes. The results show that as the age of the mother increases, the pregnancy and delivery become more complicated. © 2021. The Author(s). All Rights Reserved.
Maternal medicine in the COVID era; The coronavirus disease-19 (COVID-19) pandemic has directly and indirectly impacted pregnant women with co-morbidities or antenatal medical complications, through vulnerability to the severe effects of COVID-19 and service reconfiguration. Women with diabetes or hypertension in pregnancy are at higher risk of admission to intensive care, need for invasive ventilation and death from COVID-19. Suggested service modifications specific to maternal medicine services include home measurement of blood glucose or blood pressure, the use of risk calculators, adaptations to screening criteria for gestational diabetes and monitoring of obstetric cholestasis. Neither the added risk of COVID-19 on pregnant women with medical comorbidities nor the impact of maternal medicine service modifications has yet been established. © 2021
Stem cells: An exciting avenue for diabetes mellitus; Diabetes is a group of chronic metabolic diseases in which blood sugar levels are increased. There are different types of diabetes i.e., type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, and other specific type monogenic diabetes). The prevalence of diabetes is increasing globally with more socioeconomic consequences; therefore, high blood sugar creates the symptoms of frequent urination, increased thirst, and increased hunger. Untreated, diabetes causes many complications; acute complications include diabetic ketoacidosis, serious complications include heart disease, stroke, kidney failure, foot ulcers, and retinopathy. In diabetic condition the pancreas do not produce enough amount of insulin, or the pancreatic cells do not respond properly to the insulin produced by the body. There are many pharmacological treatments available for the management of hyperglycemia, but recently there are advance treatments available like stem cells therapy, gene therapy, diabetes vaccine etc. Stem cell therapy is one of the emerging treatments for diabetes. Stem cells help in pancreatic regeneration, also increase the functioning of β-cells, angiogenesis, and immunomodulation and hence maintain normal blood sugar level in diabetics. © 2021 Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Obesity can offset the cardiometabolic benefits of gestational exercise; Pregnancy exercise can prevent excessive gestational weight gain (EGWG), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertension (GH), but inter-individual variability has not been explored. We aimed to analyze the prevalence––and potential sociodemographic and medical predictors of––non-responsiveness to gestational exercise, and the association of non-responsiveness with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Among 688 women who completed a supervised light-to-moderate intensity exercise program (three ~1-h sessions/week including aerobic, resistance, and pelvic floor muscle training) until near-term, those who showed EGWG, GDM or GH were considered ‘non-responders’. A low prevalence of non-responders was observed for GDM (3.6%) and GH (3.4%), but not for EGWG (24.2%). Pre-pregnancy obesity was the strongest predictor of non-responsiveness for GH (odds ratio 8.40 [95% confidence interval 3.10–22.78] and EGWG (5.37 [2.78–10.39]), whereas having a highest education level attenuated the risk of being non-responder for GDM (0.10 [0.02–0.49]). Non-responsiveness for EGWG was associated with a higher risk of prolonged labor length, instrumental/cesarean delivery, and macrosomia, and of lower Apgar scores. No association with negative delivery outcomes was found for GDM/GH. In summary, women with pre-pregnancy obesity might require from additional interventions beyond light-to-moderate intensity gestational exercise (e.g., diet and/or higher exercise loads) to ensure cardiometabolic benefits. © 2020, Springer Nature Limited.
Barriers to, and Facilitators of, Lifestyle Changes to Prevent Gestational Diabetes: An Interpretive Description of South Asian Women and Health-Care Providers Living and Working in Southern Ontario, Canada; Objectives: People of South Asian ancestry are the fastest growing non-Caucasian ethnic group in Canada and are at high risk for developing type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease. Pregnant South Asian women have a 2-fold increased risk of developing gestational diabetes, which increases their risk of type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease. The specific objectives of this study were to explore the perceptions of health behaviours (diet and physical activity) during pregnancy in the South Asian community. Methods: We used interpretive description to further understand the cultural and contextual factors that influence the knowledge, attitudes and practices of diet and physical activity of South Asian women of childbearing age and those who provide health care to this group. Results: Two major themes that emerged from the perspectives of 10 South Asian pregnant women included: (1) importance of considering an individual's locus of control; and (2) support (emotional and information exchange) from family, friends and health-care providers. Two major themes identified by the 11 health-care providers were: (1) cultural awareness in caring for South Asian women during pregnancy; and (2) clinic management, logistics and resources. A common theme for both South Asian pregnant women and health-care providers was the importance of considering the cultural landscape in relation to how knowledge is obtained, shared and valued. Conclusion: A better understanding of these cultural underpinnings may support the development of interventions tailored for pregnant South Asian women and their health-care providers. © 2020 Canadian Diabetes Association
Hyperglycemia at 1h-OGTT in Pregnancy: A Reliable Predictor of Metabolic Outcomes?; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a high risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Identifying among GDM women those who are at high risk may help prevent T2DM and, possibly CVD. Several studies have shown that in women with GDM, hyperglycemia at 1 h during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) (1-h PG) is not only associated with an increase in adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes but is also an independent predictor of T2DM. Interestingly, also in pregnant women who did not meet the criteria for a GDM diagnosis, 1-h PG was an independent predictor of postpartum impaired insulin sensitivity and beta-cell dysfunction. Moreover, maternal 1- and 2-h PG levels have been found to be independently associated with insulin resistance and impaired insulin secretion also during childhood. There is evidence that hyperglycemia at 1h PG during pregnancy may identify women at high risk of future CVD, due to its association with an unfavorable CV risk profile, inflammation, arterial stiffness and endothelial dysfunction. Overall, hyperglycemia at 1h during an OGTT in pregnancy may be a valuable prediction tool for identifying women at a high risk of future T2DM, who may then benefit from therapeutic strategies aimed at preventing cardiovascular outcomes. © Copyright © 2021 Succurro, Fraticelli, Franzago, Fiorentino, Andreozzi, Vitacolonna and Sesti.
Maternal cardiac function at 19–23 weeks' gestation in prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives: To examine differences in maternal cardiovascular indices at 19–23 weeks' gestation between pregnancies that develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and those without GDM, and to determine whether such cardiovascular changes are the consequence of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history or GDM per se. Methods: This was a prospective observational study in women attending for a routine hospital visit at 19 + 1 to 23 + 3 weeks' gestation. This visit included recording of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history, and maternal echocardiography for assessment of E/A ratio, E/e′ ratio, myocardial performance index, global longitudinal systolic strain, left ventricular ejection fraction, peripheral vascular resistance, left ventricular cardiac output and left ventricular mass indexed for body surface area. The measurements of the maternal cardiac indices were standardized to remove the effects of maternal characteristics and elements from the medical history, and the adjusted values in the GDM group were compared to those in the non-GDM group. Likelihood ratios were derived for those indices that were altered significantly in GDM, and these were used to modify the prior risk derived from maternal demographic characteristics and medical history. The area under the receiver-operating-characteristics curve and the detection rate of GDM, at 10%, 20% and 40% false-positive rates, in screening by a combination of maternal factors with cardiovascular indices were determined. Results: The study population of 2853 pregnancies contained 199 (7.0%) that developed GDM. In pregnancies that developed GDM, there were significant differences from the non-GDM group in E/A ratio, E/e′ ratio, myocardial performance index and global longitudinal systolic strain. After adjustment for maternal demographic characteristics and factors from the medical history known to affect cardiac indices, the only cardiovascular indices that were significantly different between the GDM and non-GDM groups were peripheral vascular resistance and myocardial performance index, both of which were marginally increased in the GDM group. The performance of screening for GDM by maternal demographic characteristics and medical history was not improved by the addition of cardiovascular indices. Conclusions: Women with GDM have subtle functional and hemodynamic cardiac changes prior to the development of GDM. These cardiac changes are mostly related to the adverse risk-factor profile of these women. Maternal cardiac assessment at 20 weeks does not offer additional predictive information for GDM development in pregnancy to that calculated based on demographic characteristics and medical history. © 2021 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology. © 2021 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Nutritional modulation of leptin expression and leptin action in obesity and obesity-associated complications; In obesity, an elevated accumulation and dysregulation of adipose tissue, due to an imbalance between energy intake and energy expenditure, usually coexists with the loss of responsiveness to leptin in central nervous system, and subsequently with hyperleptinemia. Leptin, a peptide hormone mainly produced by white adipose tissue, regulates energy homeostasis by stimulating energy expenditure and inhibiting food intake. Human obesity is characterized by increased plasma leptin levels, which have been related with different obesity-associated complications, such as chronic inflammatory state (risk factor for diabetes, cardiovascular and autoimmune diseases), as well as infertility and different types of cancer. Besides, leptin is also produced by placenta, and high leptin levels during pregnancy may be related with some pathological conditions such as gestational diabetes. This review focuses on the current insights and emerging concepts on potentially valuable nutrients and food components that may modulate leptin metabolism. Notably, several dietary food components, such as phenols, peptides, and vitamins, are able to decrease inflammation and improve leptin sensitivity by up- or down-regulation of leptin signaling molecules. On the other hand, some food components, such as saturated fatty acids may worsen chronic inflammation increasing the risk for pathological complications. Future research into nutritional mechanisms that restore leptin metabolism and signals of energy homeostasis may inspire new treatment options for obesity-related disorders. © 2020
Associations of body composition and physical fitness with gestational diabetes and cardiovascular health in pregnancy: Results from the HealthyMoms trial; The aim of this study was to examine associations of body composition (fat mass index, % fat mass, fat-free mass index, body mass index) and physical fitness (cardiorespiratory fitness and handgrip strength) with gestational diabetes and cardiovascular health in early pregnancy. This cross-sectional study utilized baseline data (n = 303) collected in early pregnancy from the HealthyMoms trial. Body composition was measured using air-displacement plethysmography, cardiorespiratory fitness was assessed by means of the 6-min walk test and handgrip strength using a dynamometer. Logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios (ORs) for gestational diabetes as well as high (defined as 1 SD above the mean) blood pressure, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and metabolic syndrome score (MetS score) per 1 SD increase in body composition and fitness variables. Fat mass index, % fat mass and body mass index were all strongly associated with gestational diabetes (ORs: 1.72–2.14, P ≤ 0.003), HOMA-IR (ORs: 3.01–3.80, P < 0.001), blood pressure (ORs: 1.81–2.05, P < 0.001) and MetS score (ORs: 3.29–3.71, P < 0.001). Associations with fat-free mass index were considerably weaker (ORs: 1.26–1.82, P = 0.001–0.15) and were strongly attenuated after adjustments for fat mass index (ORs: 0.88–1.54, P = 0.039–0.68). Finally, greater cardiorespiratory fitness was associated with lower risk of high HOMA-IR and MetS score (ORs: 0.57–0.63, P ≤ 0.004) although these associations were attenuated when accounting for fat mass index (ORs: 1.08-1.11, P ≥ 0.61). In conclusion, accurately measured fat mass index or % fat mass were strongly associated with gestational diabetes risk and markers of cardiovascular health although associations were not stronger than the corresponding ones for body mass index. Fat-free mass index had only weak associations with gestational diabetes and cardiovascular health which support that the focus during clinical care would be on excess fat mass and not fat-free mass. © 2021, The Author(s).
Influence of birth weight on fetal cardiac indices at 35–37 weeks' gestation; Objective: Echocardiographic studies have reported that fetuses with low birth weight, compared to those with normal birth weight, have globular hearts and reduced cardiac function. Dichotomizing continuous variables, such as birth weight, may be helpful in describing pathology in small studies but can prevent us from identifying physiological responses in relation to change in size. The aim of this study was to explore associations between fetal cardiac morphology and function and birth weight, as a continuous variable, as well as uterine artery (UtA) pulsatility index (PI), as an indirect measure of placental perfusion, and the cerebroplacental ratio (CPR), as an indirect measure of fetal oxygenation. Methods: This was a prospective study of 1498 women with singleton pregnancy undergoing routine ultrasound examination at 35 + 0 to 36 + 6 weeks' gestation. Pregnancies complicated by pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, pregnancy-induced hypertension or pre-eclampsia were excluded from the analysis. Conventional and more advanced echocardiographic modalities, such as speckle tracking, were used to assess fetal cardiac function in the right and left ventricles. The morphology of the fetal heart was assessed by calculating the right and left sphericity indices. In addition, the PI of the UtA, umbilical artery (UA) and fetal middle cerebral artery (MCA) was determined and the CPR was calculated by dividing MCA-PI by UA-PI. Multiple linear regression models were used to assess determinants of fetal echocardiographic parameters. Results: The study population included 146 (9.7%) small-for-gestational-age (SGA) fetuses with birth weight < 10th percentile and 68 (4.5%) with fetal growth restriction (FGR). In the SGA and FGR groups, compared to the non-SGA and non-FGR fetuses, respectively, there was a more globular right ventricle and reduced left and right ventricular systolic function, and, from the left ventricular diastolic functional indices, the E/A ratio was increased. There was a linear association of right ventricular sphericity index, indices of left and right ventricular systolic function and E/A ratio with birth-weight Z-score. There were no significant associations between cardiac morphological and functional indices and UtA-PI Z-score or CPR Z-score. Conclusions: This screening study at 35–37 weeks' gestation has demonstrated that birth weight is a determinant of fetal cardiac morphology and function but UtA-PI and CPR, as indirect measures of placental perfusion and fetal oxygenation, are not. This suggests that the differences in fetal cardiac indices between small and appropriately grown fetuses may be part of a normal physiological response to change in fetal size rather than part of a pathological adaptation to abnormal placental perfusion and fetal oxygenation. © 2020 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology. © 2020 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology
Environmental exposure during pregnancy: Influence on prenatal development and early life: A comprehensive review; Preconception and prenatal exposure to environmental contaminants may affect future health. Pregnancy and early life are critical sensitive windows of susceptibility. The aim of this review was to summarize current evidence on the toxic effects of environment exposure during pregnancy, the neonatal period, and childhood. Alcohol use is related to foetal alcohol spectrum disorders, foetal alcohol syndrome being its most extreme form. Smoking is associated with placental abnormalities, preterm birth, stillbirth, or impaired growth and development, as well as with intellectual impairment, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases later in life. Negative birth outcomes have been linked to the use of drugs of abuse. Pregnant and lactating women are exposed to endocrine-disrupting chemicals and heavy metals present in foodstuffs, which may alter hormones in the body. Prenatal exposure to these compounds has been associated with pre-eclampsia and intrauterine growth restriction, preterm birth, and thyroid function. Metals can accumulate in the placenta, causing foetal growth restriction. Evidence on the effects of air pollutants on pregnancy is constantly growing, for example, preterm birth, foetal growth restriction, increased uterine vascular resistance, impaired placental vascularization, increased gestational diabetes, and reduced telomere length. The advantages of breastfeeding outweigh any risks from contaminants. However, it is important to assess health outcomes of toxic exposures via breastfeeding. Initial studies suggest an association between pre-eclampsia and environmental noise, particularly with early-onset pre-eclampsia. There is rising evidence of the negative effects of environmental contaminants following exposure during pregnancy and breastfeeding, which should be considered a major public health issue.  © 2021
Effect of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus on Neonatal Myocardial Function; Background and Aims: Infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have impaired myocardial performance and are at risk of pulmonary hypertension. We aimed to assess myocardial deformation and left ventricular (LV) rotational mechanics in this population. Methods: We studied 40 infants of mothers with GDM and 40 control infants. Three echocardiograms were carried out over the first 3 days after birth. Results: GDM infants had a lower gestation at birth and a thicker septal wall, a higher LV eccentricity index (indicating septal bowing), and a lower PAATi (indicating higher pulmonary vascular resistance) (all p < 0.05). GDM infants had lower LV strain, systolic and early diastolic strain rates, lower right ventricular (RV) strain, and early diastolic strain rates over the study period (all p < 0.05). By day 3, GDM infants had higher twist, torsion, and higher LV twist and untwist rates (all p < 0.05). GDM status was an independent predictor of LV and RV function and pulmonary vascular resistance (p < 0.01). Conclusion: Infants of mothers with GDM demonstrate important changes in myocardial function in addition to pulmonary vascular resistance that do not resolve by hospital discharge. The observed LV twist increase in GDM infants may be a compensatory mechanism for the lower longitudinal function in this cohort. © 2021
Evaluation of fetal cardiac function in pregnancies with well-controlled gestational diabetes; Objective: To evaluate fetal ventricular diastolic function in pregnancies of women with gestational diabetes (GD), to determine whether minimal anomalies of glucose metabolism may influence fetal cardiac function. Study design: Fetal ventricular filling time was measured by transabdominal ultrasound in singleton pregnancies between 34 and 37 weeks of gestation. We used a measurement which consists in the ratio between the diastolic time and the whole cardiac cycle time. Results: The study included 35 women with a GD and 217 non-diabetic. Right ventricular filling time (RVFT) was significantly lower in the GD group (mean of RVFT = 39.2 ± 4.4 vs 43.6 ± 4.6; p < 0.01). Likewise, left ventricular filling time (LVFT) was shorter in the GD group compared to the non-GD group, though the difference was not significant (mean of LVFT = 43.6 ± 4.6 vs 44.6 ± 5.5; p = 0.33). Conclusions: Fetal right cardiac function is altered also in pregnancies where gestational diabetes is well controlled. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH, DE part of Springer Nature.
Long-term effects of gestational diabetes on bone mineral density and fracture risk: Analysis of the Norfolk cohort of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC-Norfolk) population-based study; Objectives: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnancy complication. This study aims to investigate the association between a history of GDM and bone mineral density (BMD), fractures, and falls in later life. Study design: We used data from the Norfolk cohort of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC-Norfolk) where BMD at calcaneum was measured at second health check (1997–2000) using broadband ultrasound attenuation (BUA) and velocity of sound (VOS) in 7,515 women. Fractures and falls were documented from hospital admissions data via linkage with ENCORE (East Norfolk Commission Record) and history of GDM from health questionnaires at baseline. We examined the relationship between GDM and BUA/VOS using linear regression. Cox regression was used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) for incident fractures and falls, controlling for age, BMI, smoking status, physical activity, area deprivation, self-reported stroke, use of diuretics, calcium and vitamin D supplements, social class and education, statin and total blood cholesterol, prevalent diabetes, hormone therapy and menopausal status. Results: History of GDM (n = 183) was not statistically significantly associated with BUA/VOS in fully adjusted linear regression models with unstandardised beta coefficients (standard error): -0.37 (1.40) and -5.41 (3.48). GDM was significantly (p < 0.05) associated with risk of hip and all fractures, fully adjusted HRs(95 %CI) 2.46(1.54−3.92) and 1.60(1.09−2.35), respectively. Median follow-up from first live birth to date of admission was 53 and 52 years, respectively. Conclusion: There was an association between history of GDM and risk of any fracture as well as hip fracture specifically. Further research is required to confirm this. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Mitochondrial transfer improves cardiomyocyte bioenergetics and viability in male rats exposed to pregestational diabetes; Offspring born to diabetic or obese mothers have a higher lifetime risk of heart disease. Previously, we found that rat offspring exposed to late-gestational diabetes mellitus (LGDM) and maternal high-fat (HF) diet develop mitochondrial dysfunction, impaired cardiomyocyte bioener-getics, and cardiac dysfunction at birth and again during aging. Here, we compared echocardiog-raphy, cardiomyocyte bioenergetics, oxidative damage, and mitochondria-mediated cell death among control, pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM)-exposed, HF-diet-exposed, and combina-tion-exposed newborn offspring. We hypothesized that PGDM exposure, similar to LGDM, causes mitochondrial dysfunction to play a central, pathogenic role in neonatal cardiomyopathy. We found that PGDM-exposed offspring, similar to LGDM-exposed offspring, have cardiac dysfunction at birth, but their isolated cardiomyocytes have seemingly less bioenergetics impairment. This finding was due to confounding by impaired viability related to poorer ATP generation, more lipid perox-idation, and faster apoptosis under metabolic stress. To mechanistically isolate and test the role of mitochondria, we transferred mitochondria from normal rat myocardium to control and exposed neonatal rat cardiomyocytes. As expected, transfer provides a respiratory boost to cardiomyocytes from all groups. They also reduce apoptosis in PGDM-exposed males, but not in females. Findings highlight sex-specific differences in mitochondria-mediated mechanisms of developmentally programmed heart disease and underscore potential caveats of therapeutic mitochondrial transfer. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Assessment of a short-course yoga practice on cardiometabolic risks, fetomaternal outcomes and psychophysical health in gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction and Aim: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is defined as diabetes diagnosed in the second and third trimesters of pregnancy, has emerged as a global public health concern. It has been associated with short-term and long-term adverse health outcomes for both mothers and their new-borns. Women with GDM are known to have decreased quality of life and increased risks of caesarean section, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and type 2 diabetes. In babies, GDM has been found to be associated with macrosomia or larger than normal gestational-aged infants, neonatal hypoglycemia, and type 2 diabetes mellitus later in life. Though yoga is known to improve the quality of life of diabetic patients, its role in the management of GDM has not been adequately assessed. Therefore, the present study was conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of Yoga on cardiometabolic parameters, psychophysical health and maternal and fetal outcomes in GDM patients at JIPMER hospital, Puducherry. Methods: Fifteen pregnant women diagnosed to have GDM, admitted to Obstetrics Ward of JIPMER Hospital were recruited for the study. The intervention package of a thirty minutes Yoga module consisting of Sukshma Vyayama (2 min), Tadasana (1 min), Utthitapadasana (1 min), Savasana in the left lateral posture (3 min), Nadisodhana or Anuloma-viloma pranayama (5 min), Chandranadi pranayama (5 min), Sheetali pranayama (5 min) and Bhramari pranayama (5 min) and Relaxation (3 min) was administered along with hospital routine treatment for 10 days during 35th/36th week (depending on the gestational week of admission to hospital), or until delivery. Cardiometabolic parameters including heart rate (HR), blood pressure (BP), rate pressure product (RPP) and glycemic status assessed by random blood sugar (RBS) were investigated. JIPMER hospital tool for the maternal and fetal outcome variables were used to assess the feto-maternal parameters. Perceived Stress Score (PSS) and Quality of Life Score (QoL) were used to assess the psychophysical health of the GDM patients. All the parameters were assessed before and after yoga intervention. Paired t test was used for statistical analysis of data. P value of <0.05 were considered to indicate significant statistical difference. Results: Statistically significant decrease in HR, BP, RPP, RBS, PSS, and increase in QoL, and improvement of fetomaternal outcomes (based on the normative data available in the department) were observed in GDM patients after yoga intervention for a period of seven to ten days during their hospital stay. Conclusion: A short-course yoga practice for 7-10 days is adequate to reduce cardiometabolic risks, psychological stress, and improve quality of life and feto-maternal outcomes in GDM patients. Antenatal mother with GDM can use yoga as an adjunct therapy in the later part of pregnancy to prevent or reduce the complications and to improve the maternal and fetal outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2021, Indian Association of Biomedical Scientists. All rights reserved.
Effects of aerobic training and dietary approaches to stop hypertension diets on insulin response and resistance in women with gestational diabetes; Background and Objectives: Gestational diabetes is one of the most common diseases in pregnancy with transient effects on fetuses and mothers. The aim of this study was to assess effects of aerobic training and dietary approaches to stop hypertension diets on insulin response and resistance in women with gestational diabetes. Materials & Methods: In this quasi-experimental study, 30 obese women with gestational diabetes at 24-28 weeks of gestation with an age range of 30-40 years were selected using random sampling and randomly grouped into three tensample groups of dietary approaches to stop hypertension diets, aerobic training, and dietary approaches to stop hypertension diets and aerobic training. In aerobic training group, the eight-week training protocol started at 30% of the stored heart rate for 30 min and finished at 70% of the heart rate for 45 min. For macronutrients, dietary approaches to stop hypertension diets were similar to normal diets but rich in fruits (4-6) unit, vegetables (3-6) unit, whole grains (6- 13) unit, low-fat dairy products (2-4) unit and (1) unit of nuts, fats and oils (2-3) unit as well as meats, poultries and fishes (2) unit and contained small quantities of saturated fats with 2400 mg of sodium per day. Blood sampling was carried out to assess biochemical variables after 12 h of fasting at the beginning and end of eight weeks. Fasting blood sugar, 2-h blood sugar and insulin were assessed in fasting blood samples. Data were analyzed using Shapirville test, Leven test, correlated T, analysis of variance and Bonferroni. Significance levels were reported for the statistical methods when p < 0.05. Results: Results showed that eight weeks of aerobic training with dietary approaches to stop hypertension diets decreased fasting blood sugar levels (p = 0.001), 2-h blood sugar (p = 0.001) and insulin resistance (p = 0.02) and increased insulin levels (p = 0.002) in women with gestational diabetes (p < 0.05). Conclusion: It seems that aerobic training in combination with dietary approaches to stop hypertension diets is effective in improving blood sugar control and blood insulin levels in women with gestational diabetes. © 2021, National Nutrition and Food Technology Research Institute. All rights reserved.
Core Outcome Sets Relevant to Maternity Service Users: A Scoping Review; Introduction: Variation in outcomes reported in maternity-related clinical trials and practice stifles data synthesis and contributes to ineffective or harmful treatments and interventions. Variation can be addressed using core outcome sets (COSs), minimum agreed sets of outcomes that should be measured and reported in all clinical trials in a specific area of health or health care. This scoping review identified studies that developed maternity-related COSs; evaluated the extent, scope, quality, and consistency of outcomes across similar COSs; and identified current gaps in evidence. Methods: A multifaceted search of 2 COS registers (Core Outcome Measures in Effectiveness Trials, Core Outcomes in Women's and Newborn Health), the International Consortium for Health Outcomes Measurement website, electronic databases (MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL), and hand search was conducted. Published, English-language studies describing maternal and neonatal COSs for any health condition and published from inception to January 2020 were included. COS development process was evaluated against recently published COS Standards for Development: scope, stakeholder involvement, and consensus process. Results: Thirty-two articles relating to 26 COSs were included (maternal: 18 articles that addressed 17 COSs; neonatal: 14 articles that addressed 9 COSs) and covered a range of obstetric and neonatal conditions. COSs were published between 2006 and 2020, 58% since 2017. Maternal COSs included more outcomes (median, 17; range, 50) than neonatal COSs (median, 8; range, 20). Overlap in COSs was seen for maternity care and gestational diabetes. Overlap in outcomes was seen across similar COSs, which were mostly inconsistent or poorly defined. No included COS met all minimum standards for development. Two COSs extended recommendations for how and when to measure outcomes. Discussion: Growth in COS development in the last 3 years signifies increasing commitment to address variation and improve data synthesis. Although the quality of the development process has improved in the last 3 years, there is a need for improvement. This article presents an urgent need to minimize overlap in outcomes and standardize outcome measurement, case definitions, and timing of measurement between COSs. © 2021 by the American College of Nurse-Midwives
Gestational diabetes mellitus: Screening and diagnostic criteria in early pregnancy; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GSD) is the most common complication of pregnancy. As one of the causes of perinatal and neonatal diseases, GSD presents a high risk of chronic metabolic and cardiovascular diseases to both the mother and her baby. Currently, the diagnosis of GSD is based on venous plasma glucose levels at the end of the second trimester of pregnancy and at the beginning of the third trimester. But it should be noted that medical interventions to correct hyperglycemia in these periods are not effective enough and are frequently late to prevent adverse pregnancy outcomes in the mother and fetus. Early detection of GSD and, consequently, timely correction of carbohydrate metabolism disorders contribute to the optimization of perinatal outcomes. That is why the problem of diagnosing carbohydrate metabolism disorders in early pregnancy is particularly relevant. This paper reviews the data currently available in the literature on GSD screening and early diagnosis. Conclusion. Further investigations are needed for the prediction and early diagnosis of GSD to determine the most appropriate strategy for the clinical management of women with carbohydrate metabolism disorders. © A group of authors, 2021.
Diabetes in pregnancy 100 years after the discovery of insulin: Hot topics and open questions to be addressed in the coming years; By making it possible for women with diabetes to achieve their family planning goals, the discovery of insulin ushered in the field of diabetes in pregnancy. The ensuing century has witnessed tremendous advances, with clinical focus on preconception planning and maternal glycemic control making successful pregnancy an achievable goal. Currently, the global epidemic of overweight/obesity has led to maternal hyperglycemia now affecting one in every six pregnancies worldwide, prompting intense research interest. Topics of particular interest include (i) the optimal approach to diagnosing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); (ii) the emergence of GDM as a chronic metabolic disorder identifying future risk of non-communicable disease; (iii) the transgenerational impact of maternal glycemia as per the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease; and (iv) the application of new technology for optimizing clinical management. These topics have raised exciting questions such as (i) whether the treatment of diabetes in pregnancy can impact growth/development in childhood, (ii) whether GDM can be prevented, and (iii) whether the diagnosis of GDM could facilitate the prevention of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Indeed, this field may be on the precipice of a golden era of new concepts and evidence to optimize the health of mother and child. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Safety review of hydroxyprogesterone caproate in women with a history of spontaneous preterm birth; 17-alpha-hydroxyprogesterone caproate (17P) has been in use for prevention of recurrent preterm birth since 2003 when the Meis trial was published. A requirement for Food and Drug Administration approval of 17P was a confirmatory trial, called “PROLONG”, which was recently completed, but did not replicate the efficacy demonstrated in the Meis trial. This review analyzes the safety data from each trial, as well as integrated data from the two trials. The relative risks (95% CI) with 17P versus placebo in the integrated dataset were 0.66 (0.25–1.78) for miscarriage, 1.83 (0.68–4.91) for stillbirth, and 0.86 (0.53–1.41) for all fetal and neonatal death. The rate of gestational diabetes in the integrated dataset was 3.6% for 17P vs. 3.8% for placebo. Similar findings with low and comparable rates between 17P and placebo were also found for other adverse events. The integrated safety data demonstrate a favorable safety profile that was comparable to placebo. © 2020, The Author(s).
Fetal Cardiac Functional Abnormalities Assessed by Echocardiography in Mothers Suffering Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Abnormal cardiovascular changes especially hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is potentially expected in the fetuses of the diabetic pregnancy women. However, there is still little consensus on quantitative cardiac abnormalities in infants with diabetic mothers. The present study comprehensively analyzed the studies on functional changes in heart in infants of diabetic mothers with a greater focus on occurrence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. All comparative studies evaluating and comparing quantitatively the changes in cardiac parameters using echocardiography in fetuses with and without diabetic mothers were eligible for assessment. The included studies were identified through electronically reviewing the manuscripts databases of MEDLINE, EMBASE, Web of knowledge, and Google Scholar from inception to May 2020. The meta-analysis included 11 comparative with overall 849 fetuses for gestational diabetic mothers and 1247 for healthy mothers. Assessing cardiac diameters by fetal echocardiography showed significantly lower mitral E/A ratio, lower tricuspid E/A ratio, higher interventricular septal thickness, higher myocardial performance index, higher isovolumic relaxation time, and higher isovolumic contraction time in fetuses of gestational diabetes mellitus group as compared to healthy group adjusting for gestational diabetes mellitus. The presence of gestational diabetes mellitus can potentially affect the fetal cardiac parameters especially as hypertrophic cardiomyopathy leading both cardiac systolic and diastolic dysfunction. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Comparison of fetal cardiac function between pregnancies with diabetes mellitus and normal controls; Objectives: The purpose of this study was to compare fetal cardiac function (systolic, diastolic and global) in patients with maternal diabetes mellitus during 35-37 weeks of gestation and to evaluate the association between cardiac function and adverse perinatal outcomes. Materials and Methods: In this prospective observational cross-sectional study, 138 pregnant women with diabetes and 149 healthy pregnant women underwent fetal echocardiography to evaluate fetal cardiac function. The perinatal outcomes were evaluated after delivery. Results: This study found that the mean modified myocardial performance index (mod-MPI) was significantly raised in fetuses of diabetic mothers (0.53 ± 0.06 vs. 0.49 ± 0.05, p < 0.001) while the mean E/A ratio ratio and cardiac output (CO) were similar in the diabetes and control groups. A subgroup analysis showed that mitral E/A and tricuspid E/A ratios, Mod-MPI, right, left, and combined CO were similar in women with gestational diabetes (GDM) with diet control and those with GDM or pre-gestational diabetes (PDM) with insulin usage. The neonatal outcomes (Apgar score at 1 min, Apgar score at 5 min, Apgar score ≤ 6 at 5-min, cesarean delivery due to fetal non-reassuring, neonatal intensive care unit admission, stillbirth, and perinatal death) were similar in the two groups. No correlation was observed between the fetal cardiac function and adverse perinatal outcomes. Conclusion: Mod-MPI in the diabetic group was the only fetal cardiac function that was significantly higher than in the healthy pregnant women. No significant correlation was observed between fetal cardiac function and adverse perinatal outcomes. © 2021 Royal Thai College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists. All right reserved.
A smartphone app (TRIANGLE) to change cardiometabolic risk behaviors in women following gestational diabetes mellitus: Intervention mapping approach; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common complication during pregnancy and is associated with an increased risk for the development of cardiometabolic diseases. Behavioral interventions can reduce this risk, but current solutions insufficiently address the requirements for such a program. The systematic development of a scalable mobile health (mHealth) promotion program for mothers during the first years post-GDM may contribute to solving this problem. Objective: The aim of this project was to systematically plan and develop a theory- and evidence-based mHealth intervention to change cardiometabolic risk behaviors in women during the first 5 years post-GDM that meets women’s expected standards of commercial health apps. Methods: The intervention mapping steps 1 to 4 structured the systematic planning and development of the mHealth program described in this paper. Steps 1 and 2 led to a theory- and evidence-based logic model of change for cardiometabolic health. Based on this model, the prevention program was designed (step 3) and produced (step 4) in cooperation with industrial partners to ensure a high technological standard of the resulting smartphone app for the iPhone (Apple Inc). Step 4 included a user study with women during the first 5 years post-GDM once a beta version of the app (“TRIANGLE”) was available. The user study comprised 2 test rounds of 1 week (n=5) and 4 weeks (n=6), respectively. The tests included validated questionnaires on user acceptance, user logs, and think-alouds with semistructured interviews. Results: The novel TRIANGLE app is among the first self-paced smartphone apps for individual habit change in the 3 lifestyle areas of physical activity, nutrition, and psychosocial well-being. The 3 core features—a challenge system, human coaching, and a library—address 11 behavioral determinants with 39 behavior change methods to support lifestyle changes. Participants in the user study showed a high acceptance, high perceived quality, and high perceived impact of the TRIANGLE app on their health behaviors. Participants tested the app regularly, used it intuitively, and suggested improvements. We then adapted the TRIANGLE app according to the insights from the user study before the full TRIANGLE program production. Conclusions: The intervention mapping approach was feasible to plan and develop an innovative and scalable smartphone solution for women during the first 5 years post-GDM. The resulting TRIANGLE intervention has the potential to support behavior change for cardiometabolic disease prevention. However, the app needs further refinement and testing in clinical trials. Intervention mapping steps 5 (implementation plan) and 6 (evaluation plan) may support the integration of the TRIANGLE intervention into routine care. © Anne Lotte Potzel, Christina Gar, Jochen Seissler, Andreas Lechner.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac morphology and function: cohort comparison of second- and third-trimester fetuses; Objectives: To assess differences in cardiac morphology and function in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to controls, and to assess whether, in women with GDM, fetal cardiac changes are accentuated with advancing gestational age. Methods: We studied 112 women with GDM and 224 women with uncomplicated pregnancy at 24–40 weeks' gestation. In all fetuses, a standard four-chamber oblique view was obtained and offline speckle-tracking analysis was performed to measure right and left endocardial global longitudinal strain (GLS) and tricuspid and mitral annular plane systolic excursion. Global sphericity index was also calculated. Echocardiographic parameters were compared between GDM fetuses and controls at two gestational time periods of 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks and 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks. Results: At 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks, we phenotyped 43 fetuses from mothers with GDM and 71 from uncomplicated pregnancies, and, at 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks, we phenotyped 69 fetuses from mothers with GDM and 153 from women with uncomplicated pregnancy. In fetuses of mothers with GDM, compared to controls, right ventricular functional indices were consistently lower both at 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks and at 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks. Right ventricular GLS was reduced in the GDM group at 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks (adjusted mean difference, 0.7%; 95% CI, 0.3–1.1%) and at 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks (adjusted mean difference, 0.9%; 95% CI, 0.6–1.1%). Fetal left ventricular global longitudinal function was similar in GDM pregnancies compared with controls, with the exception of the contractility of the left ventricular basal segment, which was reduced. Global sphericity index was reduced in GDM pregnancies only at 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks (adjusted mean difference, −0.4; 95% CI, −0.7 to 0.1). Conclusions: The offspring of women with GDM are at high risk for development of cardiovascular disease in childhood and early adulthood. Our study demonstrates that GDM is associated with a reduction mainly in fetal right ventricular function, compared to controls, and this response is not exaggerated with increasing gestational age. Further studies are needed to determine whether fetuses with the observed alterations in cardiac function are those at highest risk for subsequent development of cardiovascular disease. © 2020 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology. © 2020 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology
Diabetes in pregnancy-Gestational diabetes mellitus; Diabetes mellitus associated with intolerance of carbohydrate may occur in pregnancy due to insulin resistance and the environment of diabetogenic stress leading to the compensatory increase in the insulin secretion by the action of the placental hormones. The hyperglycemic episodes which are detected first during pregnancy lead to diagnosis of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM). The risk factors for GDM include excessive gestational weight gain, obesity, advanced maternal age, family and personal history of GDM, intrauterine environment (low or high birth weight), and other diseases of insulin resistance. The consequences of GDM comprise increased risk of hypertensive states, hyperinsulinemia and lipid abnormalities that may proceed to the incidence of cardiovascular diseases and occurrence of metabolic diseases. There is also an increased risk of congenital abnormalities, macrosomia, stillbirth, infection and the other complications in the foetus. Patient education about the effectual medical nutrition therapy and the self-monitoring of the blood glucose levels is crucial. A in-depth comprehensive study of the associated physiological factors, pathological mechanisms and the genetic associations would further help in the identification, diagnostic screening and thus effective management of the patient by virtue of pharmacological and lifestyle modification strategies to achieve euglycemia and thus put an end to this cycle of transmission. The aim of this article is to critically and thoroughly review GDM in an elaborative and comprehensive manner, its management during labour, postnatal period and pre-existing diabetic conditions along with effective follow-up practices along with providing an insight into the recent pharmacotherapeutic approaches. © 2021 Nova Science Publishers, Inc.
Evaluation of fetal cardiac functions in the setting of maternal diabetes: Application of the global spherical index, global strain and fractional area change by the speckle tracking technique; Objective: To evaluate ventricular contractility and profile heart deformations in fetuses of hyperglycemic mothers using the Speckle tracking imaging (STI). The fractional area change (FAC), global longitudinal strain (GLS) and global sphericity index (GSI) of the 4-chamber view (4-CV) were computed. Study Design: Dynamic 4-CV images of 60 fetuses exposed to maternal diabetes (MD) and 60 controls were retrospectively collected between 19 and 37 weeks of gestation. Speckle-tracking analysis was used to compute and compare GSI, GLS and FAC of the right ventricle (RV) and the left ventricle (LV) between the groups. By definition, GSI was the ratio of the epicardial basal–apical length in end-diastole (BAL) to the overall transverse length of RV and LV in end-diastole (TL). The FAC was calculated by dividing the difference between end-diastolic area and end-systolic area by the end-diastolic area. Similarly, the GLS of the RV and LV was obtained by dividing the difference between the endocardial length in end-systole and endocardial length in end-diastole to the endocardial length in end-diastole. Data for conventional echocardiographic parameters, standard biological measurements of fetus and maternal baseline characteristics were also recorded and compared between the groups. Linear regression analysis was performed to assess the association between age, BMI and the inter-ventricular septum thickness (IVST). Results: Gestational age at the time of examination did not differ significantly between the control and gestational diabetes group (p = 0.74). In fetuses exposed to MD, the thickness of the IVS was higher while the FAC of RV, GLS of RV and the GSI were all significantly lower. The FAC and global strain of LV generally decreased with progress in gestation but the difference between the two groups was not statistically significant. Conventional echocardiography in fetuses exposed to MD revealed a lower mitral E/A ratio and a larger myocardial performance index (MPI) of the RV and LV. Although the annular plane systolic excursion (MAPSE), tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) and septal annular plane systolic excursion (SAPSE) were also lower in this group, the difference was not statistically significant compared to fetuses of the control group. No regression relationship between age, BMI and IVST were noticed in any group. Conclusion: This study found that diastolic dysfunction among fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers is accompanied by global cardiac deformation and functional decrease of the RV in systole in the second and third trimester. The GSI, global strain and FAC acquired by SRI can be used as convenient and reliable quantitative parameters in the assessment of cardiac function in fetuses exposed to gestational diabetes. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Assessment of fetal cardiac diastolic function of gestational diabetes mellitus using dual-gate Doppler; AbstractGestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), as a common complication of pregnancy, has an increasing trend globally. GDM leads to maternal complications and fetal complications. Fetal cardiac diastolic dysfunction is strongly associated with GDM. This study aims to assess the ventricular diastolic function of fetuses exposed to GDM by looking into the diagnostic parameters using both conventional method and Dual-gate Doppler method (DD). And to investigate the potential of DD method in early detection of fetal cardiac diastolic dysfunction.56 women diagnosed with GDM and 55 non-GDM pregnant women were enrolled in their 24 to 30 weeks of gestation. Conventional method and DD method were applied to measure mitral and tricuspid inflow velocities E-waves, A-waves on pulsed-wave Doppler, and mitral and tricuspid annular velocities e′-waves, a'-waves on Tissue Doppler imaging. E/A, e'/a' and E/e′ ratio was calculated. The difference between GDM and control groups was statistically tested and analysed using one-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test, Student t test, Mann-Whitney U test and Kruskal-Wallis test and Bland-Altman plot analysis.Intraobserver intraclass correlation coefficients of E/A, e'/a', and E/e' value of both mitral and tricuspid valve are all greater than 0.80, while interobserver intraclass correlation coefficients are between 0.71 and 0.88. Right (6.35 vs 6.79; P = .001) ventricular function showed significantly lower E/e' ratios in the GDM group compared with control fetuses by conventional method. Both left (6.16 vs 6.59; P = .036) and right (6.28 vs 6.75; P = .01) ventricular function showed significantly lower E/e' ratios in the GDM group compared with control fetuses by DD method.Exposure to high level of maternal blood glucose leads to impaired diastolic function in the fetuses. Fetal right ventricular function is a potential key point to study to enable an early detection for fetal diastolic dysfunction since the alteration and damage are more likely to happen in right ventricular. Measurement of E/e' ratio using DD method is considered as a promising method in fetal cardiac diastolic function assessment. Well or poorly control of the GDM does not have significant influence on the fetal diastolic function thus an early detection of GDM and GDM induced fetal cardiac dysfunction is necessary. © 2021 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Progresses of prenatal ultrasonography for predicting adverse pregnancy outcomes caused by gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has an increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. The incidence rate of macrosomia, chronic intrauterine hypoxia, fetal heart dysfunction and malformation of GDM fetuses were much higher than that of non-diabetic pregnancy. The progresses of prenatal ultrasonography for predicting adverse pregnancy outcomes caused by GDM were reviewed in this article. Copyright © 2021 by the Press of Chinese Journal of Medical Imaging and Technology.
Studies to improve perinatal health through diet and lifestyle among south asian women living in canada: A brief history and future research directions; South Asians (i.e., people who originate from India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Nepal, and Bang-ladesh) have higher cardiovascular disease rates than other populations, and these differences per-sist in their offspring. Nutrition is a critical lifestyle‐related factor that influences fetal development, and infant and child health in early life. In high‐income countries such as Canada, nutrition‐related health risks arise primarily from overnutrition, most strikingly for obesity and associated non‐com-municable diseases. Evidence for developmental programming during fetal life underscores the critical influence of maternal diet on fetal growth and development, backed by several birth cohort studies including the Pune Maternal Nutrition Study, the South Asian Birth Cohort Study, and the Born in Bradford Study. Gestational diabetes mellitus is a strong risk factor for type 2 diabetes, future atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease in the mother and increases the risk of type 2 diabetes in her offspring. Non‐pharmacological trials to prevent gestational diabetes are few, often not randomized, and are heterogeneous with respect to design, and outcomes have not converged upon a single optimal prevention strategy. The aim of this review is to provide an understanding of the current knowledge around perinatal nutrition and gestational diabetes among the high‐risk South Asian population as well as summarize our research activities investigating the role of cul-turally‐tailored nutrition advice to South Asian women living in high‐income settings such as Can-ada. In this paper, we describe these qualitative and quantitative studies, both completed and un-derway. We conclude with a description of the design of a randomized trial of a culturally tailored personalized nutrition intervention to reduce gestational glycaemia in South Asian women living in Canada and its implications. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Diminished substrate-mediated cardiac mitochondrial respiration and elevated autophagy in adult male offspring of gestational diabetic rats; Heart diseases are common in the offspring of diabetic mother (ODM). Defects in mitochondrial metabolism and autophagy may, in part, be responsible for the adverse structural and functional alterations in the heart. The principal objective of this study was to investigate cardiac mitochondrial respiration and autophagy in male and female offspring of diabetic pregnancy at two different developmental stages of life, weaning and adult. Male and female offspring of rats with streptozotocin-induced gestational diabetes were used for the study and compared with offspring of control (non-diabetic) mother (OCM) rats. High-resolution respirometry was used to measure substrate-mediated respiration in mitochondria isolated from ventricular tissues of ODM and OCM. Expression of proteins associated with autophagy and oxidative stress was examined by western blot analysis. Mitochondrial complex I and complex II respiration was significantly reduced in adult male ODM while it was unaltered or less affected in weaning male, adult and weaning female ODM. Elevated autophagy was observed in adult male but not in adult female ODM. Expression of oxidative stress markers was observed to be similar in all the groups. Altered cardiac mitochondrial respiration and autophagy were observed in adult male ODM compared to OCM, while the male and female offspring at weaning stage were less affected. The results of the study show that maternal hyperglycemia affects mitochondrial respiration and autophagy in the ODM heart, which may potentially be responsible for the cardiovascular complications observed in adult life. © 2021 International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
Nutritional and developmental programming effects of insulin; The discovery of insulin in 1921 was a major breakthrough in medicine and for therapy in patients with diabetes. The dramatic rise in the prevalence of overweight and obesity has been tightly linked to an increased prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which poses major health concerns. Babies born to GDM mothers are more likely to develop obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. Evidence accumulated during the past two decades has revealed that high levels insulin, such as those observed during GDM, can have a widespread effect on the development and function of a variety of organs. This review summarises our current knowledge on the role of insulin in the placenta, cardiovascular system and brain during critical periods of development, as well as how it can contribute to lifelong metabolic regulation. We also discuss possible intervention strategies to ameliorate and hopefully reverse the developmental defects associated with obesity and GDM. © 2021 British Society for Neuroendocrinology
Effection of left ventricular remodeling on systolic synchronization in patients with severe preeclampsia by full-volume imaging technology; Objective: To evaluate the effects of left ventricular remodeling on systolic synchronization in patients with severe preeclampsia(SPE) by full-volume imaging technology. Methods: One hundred and nine patients with SPE were randomly selected as SPE group in the First Hospital of Shanxi Medical University from December 2016 to December 2019, which were further divided into systolic synchrony(SS) group (n=35) and systolic dyssynchrony(SD) group(n=74). And 34 healthy pregnant women during the same period were selected as normal pregnancy(NP) group. The clinical datas were collected. Parameters including left ventricular end diastolic volume(LVEDV), left ventricular end systolic volume(LVESV), left ventricular ejection fraction(LVEF), spherical index(SpI), left ventricular mass index(LVMI) and systolic dyssynchrony index(SDI) were obtained by full-volume imaging technology. The effects of left ventricular remodeling on systolic synchronization in patients with SPE were analyzed by bivariate correlation, multiple linear stepwise regression analysis and binary Logistic regression analysis, respectively. Results: ①Bivariate correlation analysis showed that LVEDV, LVESV, SpI and LVMI were positively correlated with SDI(r=0.335, 0.361, 0.635, 0.680; all P<0.01). ②After adjustment for age, body mass index, systolic blood pressure, course of hypertension, antihypertensive and antispasmodic treatments, gestational diabetes mellitus, subclinical hypothyroidism, LVEF, multiple linear regression analysis showed that SpI and LVMI were independent predictors of SDI (β=0.228, 0.319; all P<0.01). ③Binary Logistic regression analysis showed that SpI and LVMI were independently correlated with left ventricular systolic dyssynchrony [OR(95%CI)=1.288(1.039-1.598), 1.102(1.019-1.192); all P<0.05]. Conclusions: Left ventricular remodeling in patients with SPE leads to the decrease of left ventricular systolic synchronization, which can reflect subclinical myocardial dysfunction early. Full volume imaging technology can accurately evaluate left ventricular systolic synchronization in patients with SPE. © 2021 Chinese Medical Association
Extracellular vesicles and their role in gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complex disorder that is defined by glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy. The incidence of GDM is increasing worldwide. Pregnancies complicated with GDM have higher rates of maternal and fetal morbidity with short- and long-term consequences, including increased rates of cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes for both the mother and offspring. The pathophysiology of GDM still remains unclear and there has been interest in the role of small extracellular vesicles (sEVs) in the maternal metabolic adaptations that occur in pregnancy and GDM. Small EVs are nanosized particles that contain bioactive content, including miRNAs and proteins, which are released by cells to provide cell-to-cell communication. Pregnancy induces an increase in total and placental-secreted sEVs across gestation, with a further increase in sEV number and changes in the protein and miRNA composition of these sEVs in GDM. Research has suggested that these sEVs have an impact on maternal adaptations during pregnancy, including targeting the pancreas, skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. Consequently, this review will focus on the differences in total and placental sEVs in GDM compared to normal pregnancy, the role of sEVs in the pathophysiology of GDM and their clinical application as potential GDM biomarkers. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Ethnic differences in mortality and hospital admission rates between Māori, Pacific, and European New Zealanders with type 2 diabetes between 1994 and 2018: a retrospective, population-based, longitudinal cohort study; Background: Type 2 diabetes affects Indigenous and non-European populations disproportionately, including in New Zealand, where long-term temporal trends in cause-specific clinical outcomes between Māori, Pacific, and European people remain unclear. We aimed to compare the rates of mortality and hospital admission between Māori, Pacific, and European patients with type 2 diabetes in Auckland, New Zealand, over a period of 24 years. Methods: In this retrospective, population-based, longitudinal cohort study, we identified a cohort of patients (aged 35–84 years) with type 2 diabetes enrolled between Jan 1, 1994, and July 31, 2018, to the primary care audit programme, the Diabetes Care Support Service (DCSS) in Auckland, New Zealand. Patients with type 1 diabetes, prediabetes, and gestational diabetes were excluded. We linked data from the DCSS with national death registration, hospital admission, pharmaceutical claim, and socioeconomic status databases. Patients were followed up until death or July 31, 2018 (date of last enrolment to the DCSS). Incident clinical events (all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality, cancer mortality, cardiovascular hospital admission, cancer hospital admission, and end-stage renal disease hospital admission) were identified. Event rates were stratified by ethnic group, age group, sex, socioeconomic status, and time period (<1998, 1999–2013, 2004–08, 2009–13, and 2014–18). Incidence rate ratios (IRRs) and absolute risk differences were adjusted for sex, age, smoking status, obesity, socioeconomic status, and time period by use of age-period-cohort modelling. Findings: Between Jan 1, 1994, and July 31, 2018, 45 072 patients with type 2 diabetes (21 936 [48·7%] female; mean age 56·7 years [SD 13·8]) were enrolled in the DCSS and followed up for a median of 9·7 years (IQR 5·8–13·6). 16 755 (37·2%) were European, 7093 (15·7%) were Māori, and 12 044 (26·7%) were Pacific patients. Despite a similar temporal trend (decreasing mortality and increasing hospital admissions) across the three ethnic groups, Māori and Pacific patients had consistently higher hospital admission rates than European patients. Māori but not Pacific patients had higher adjusted IRRs for all-cause mortality (1·96 [95% CI 1·80–2·14]), cardiovascular mortality (1·93 [1·63–2·29]) and cancer mortality (1·64 [1·40–1·93]) rates compared with European patients. Interpretation: Compared with European patients, poorer health outcomes have persisted among Māori and Pacific people with type 2 diabetes for more than 20 years. New policies supporting prevention and more intensive management of type 2 diabetes are urgently needed. Research into the biological and societal mechanisms underlying these disparities, and the associated differences between Māori and Pacific patients is also needed. Funding: Counties Manukau Health and Middlemore Foundation. © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an Open Access article under the CC BY-NC-ND 4.0 license
Maternal death related to COVID-19: A systematic review and meta-analysis focused on maternal co-morbidities and clinical characteristics; Background: Besides reducing the quality of obstetric care, the direct impact of COVID-19 on pregnancy and postpartum is uncertain. Objective: To evaluate the characteristics of pregnant women who died due to COVID-19. Search strategy: Cochrane Library, Embase, MEDLINE, Scopus, and Google Scholar were searched from inception to February 2021. Selection criteria: Studies that compared deceased and survived pregnant women with COVID-19. Data collection and analysis: Relevant data were extracted and tabulated. The primary outcome was maternal co-morbidity. Main results: Thirteen studies with 154 deceased patients were included. Obesity doubled the risk of death (relative risk [RR] 2.48, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.41–4.36, I2 = 0%). No differences were found for gestational diabetes (RR 5.71; 95% CI 0.77–42.44, I2 = 94%) or asthma (RR 2.05, 95% CI 0.81–5.15, I2 = 0%). Overall, at least one severe co-morbidity showed a twofold increased risk of death (RR 2.26, 95% CI 1.77–2.89, I2 = 76%). Admission to intensive care was related to a fivefold increased risk of death (RR 5.09, 95% CI 2.00–12.98, I2 = 56%), with no difference in need for respiratory support (RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.23–1.48, I2 = 95%) or mechanical ventilation (RR 4.34, 95% CI 0.96–19.60, I2 = 58%). Conclusion: COVID-19 with at least one co-morbidity increases risk of intensive care and mortality. © 2021 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics
Prevalence and the influencing factors for critical situation of 6 579 pregnant women with hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy; Objective: Hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy is a kind of disease that seriously endangers the health of pregnant women and fetuses with high incidence. This study aims to analyze the prevalence of pregnant women with hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy and the influential factors for critical pregnant women, and to provide basis for intervention measures. Methods: In an institution-based cross-sectional study, 100 683 pregnant women, who gave birth in all maternal and child health hospitals of Hunan Province from January 1, 2012 to December 31, 2019, were collected, and 6 579 pregnant women with hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy were monitored. All data were analyzed through SAS9.4 software. The basic situation, clinical data, outcome, and complications of pregnant women were analyzed, and the risk factors for critical pregnant women with hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy were analyzed. Results: The prevalence rate of hypertensive disorder complicating pregnancy was increased from 4.3% in 2012 to 7.1% in 2019, and the proportion of hypertensive disorder complicating pregnant women with complications in the hypertensive disorder complicating pregnant women was increased from 28.1% in 2012 to 83.7% in 2019. Elderly pregnant women accounted for 22.2%, married women accounted for 99.9%, women with university degree accounted for 49.5%, one pregnancy accounted for 38%, and zero delivery accounted for 63.5%. In the past, 18.4% of pregnant women had more than one cesarean section, accounting for 18.4%. About 99.0% of pregnant women had 5−10 antenatal check-ups, 72.6% had complications, and 93.8% were terminated when they were discharged. The first 3 complications were anemia in 2 355 cases (29.3%), gestational diabetes in 1 886 cases (23.4%), and subclinical hypothyroidism in 947 cases (11.8%). Logistic regression analysis showed that uterine rupture, placental abruption, placenta previa, anemia, and heart disease were independent risk factors for critical pregnant women. Conclusion: The prevalence of hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy is on the rise. Pregnancy examination should be enhanced to identify the complications such as hypothyroidism, gestational diabetes, and anemia. Prevention and treatment measures should be actively taken for uterine rupture, placental abruption, placenta previa, anemia, and heart disease. © Journal of Central South University (Medical Science). All rights reserved.
Changes in miR 21 and 23b expression in postnatal hypertrophic heart derived from gestational diabetes precede dilated cardiomyopathy; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of fetal congenital ventricular hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM). We explored the effects and mechanisms of the postnatal progression of fetal hypertrophic failure in rat pups with STZ-induced Gestational Diabetes (GD). The hearts of rat pups (newborn [NB], 8, 15, 25 and 35 days postnatal) were obtained. Histological characteristics and expression of collagen were evaluated. In-gel-gelatin zymography for MMP-9 activation was performed. Adrenergic receptors (α2AR and β3AR), myosins (Myc6 and Myc7), Bcl-2 and Bax mRNA expression were quantified by qRT-PCR. Fetal hypertrophy of the left ventricular lateral wall (LVLW) in rat pups with DG persists until day 8, although this process appears to be reversed during the postnatal stage. The temporal continuity of the study demonstrated a thinning of the ventricular wall, similar to dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM). This ventricular remodeling process is associated with the expression of β3 adrenergic receptors and miR-21, -23b. The Bax/Bcl2 ratio was significantly reduced only at early ages. In addition, the increase in interstitial space in all ages, as well as the predominance of early ages expression of Col2 and increased expression of Col3, MMP-9 and Cx43 in late ages, is the result of an active extracellular remodeling in the hearts of rat pups with GD. © 2021, Indian Academy of Sciences.
Does Universal Screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Improve Neonatal Outcomes in a Socially Vulnerable Population: A Prospective Study in French Guiana; Aims/Introduction: French Guiana has a high prevalence of metabolic diseases, which are risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus. Despite routine screening for gestational diabetes, treatment is still challenging because of health inequalities and different cultural representations of disease and pregnancy. This study was conducted to assess the role of early and universal GDM screening on obstetrical and neonatal complications in a socially deprived population. Materials and Methods: A prospective study was conducted, in the level III maternity in French Guiana. Of 2136 deliveries, 223 had gestational diabetes mellitus, 110 of whom were followed-up for 6 month to detail their social and laboratory parameters. Results: The prevalence of gestational diabetes in French Guiana (Cayenne Hospital) was estimated at 10.3%. The study population was very precarious with 70% of patients on welfare (universal health coverage or state medical assistance). The following obstetrical complications were observed: cesarean delivery (32%), history of miscarriage (26%) and preeclampsia (7.4%). Nevertheless, neonatal complications were rarely present and included hypoglycemia (2.8%) and macrosomia (2.8%). Conclusion: In French Guiana, gestational diabetes mellitus is very common. However, in a context of widespread poverty and diverse cultural representations, universal screening and monitoring limited the risk of macrosomia. © Copyright © 2021 Leonco, Kallel, Nacher, Thelusme, Dueymes, Mhiri, Lalanne-Mistrih and Sabbah.
Clinical effectiveness of different technologies for diabetes in pregnancy: Systematic literature review; Background: Hyperglycemia in pregnancy occurs worldwide and is closely associated with health issues in women and their offspring, such as pregnancy and birth complications, respectively, as well as comorbidities, such as metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. To optimize the management of diabetic pregnancies, sustainable strategies are urgently needed. Investigation of constantly evolving technologies for diabetes that help to manage pregnancy and health is required. Objective: We aimed to conduct a systematic review to assess the clinical effectiveness of technologies for diabetes in pregnancy. Methods: Relevant databases including MEDLINE (PubMed), Cochrane Library, Embase, CINAHL, and Web of Science Core Collection were searched in September 2020 for clinical studies (2008-2020). Findings were organized by type of diabetes, type of technology, and outcomes (glycemic control, pregnancy- and birth-related outcomes, and neonatal outcomes). Study quality was assessed using Effective Public Health Practice Project criteria. Results: We identified 15 randomized controlled trials, 3 randomized crossover trials, 2 cohort studies, and 2 controlled clinical trials. Overall, 9 studies focused on type 1 diabetes, 0 studies focused on gestational diabetes, and 3 studies focused on both type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes. We found that 9 studies were strong quality, 11 were moderate quality, and 2 were weak quality. Technologies for diabetes seemed to have particularly positive effects on glycemic control in all types of diabetes, shown by some strong and moderate quality studies. Positive trends in pregnancy-related, birth-related, and neonatal outcomes were observed. Conclusions: Technologies have the potential to effectively improve the management of diabetes during pregnancy. Further research on the clinical effectiveness of these technologies is needed, especially in pregnant women with type 2 diabetes. © Claudia Eberle, Maxine Loehnert, Stefanie Stichling. Originally published in the Journal of Medical Internet Research (https://www.jmir.org), 28.04.2021. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work, first published in the Journal of Medical Internet Research, is properly cited. The complete bibliographic information, a link to the original publication on https://www.jmir.org/, as well as this copyright and license information must be included.
Diseases and conditions that impact maternal and fetal health and the potential for nanomedicine therapies; Maternal mortality rates in the United States have steadily increased since 1987 to the current rate of over 16 deaths per 100,000 live births. Whereas most of these deaths are related to an underlying condition, such as cardiovascular disease, many pregnant women die from diseases that emerge as a consequence of pregnancy. Both pre-existing and emergent diseases and conditions are difficult to treat in pregnant women because of the potential harmful effects of the treatment on the developing fetus. Often the health of the woman and the health of the baby are at odds and must be weighed against each other when medical treatment is needed, frequently leading to iatrogenic preterm birth. However, the use of engineered nanomedicines has the potential to fill the treatment gap for pregnant women. This review describes several conditions that may afflict pregnant women and fetuses and introduces how engineered nanomedicines may be used to treat these illnesses. Although the field of maternal-fetal nanomedicine is in its infancy, with additional research and development, engineered nanotherapeutics may greatly improve outcomes for pregnant women and their offspring in the future. © 2020
Adaptation of the cardiovascular system of infants born by mothers with diabetes mellitus; It is known, that diabetes mellitus has a significant impact on the growth and development of the fetus. Hyperglycemia during pregnancy increases significantly the incidence of congenital malformations, perinatal morbidity and neonatal mortality. Over the past decades has been a steady increase in the prevalence of diabetes mellitus both in the general population and among pregnant women. In this regard, the study of the influence of diabetes mellitus in the mother on the condition of the fetus and newborn is today a relevant problem of obstetric-gynecological, neonatological and pediatric services. Hyperglycemia during pregnancy has the greatest effect on the fetal cardiovascular system. Diabetes mellitus of the mother causes an increase in the frequency of congenital heart defects in the newborn, myocardial hypertrophy, as well as various functional disorders of the cardiovascular system. This review mainly discusses the pathogenetic aspects and molecular mechanisms of the effect of hyperglycemia on the development of the fetal heart, provides an assessment of clinical, echocardiographic and some laboratory changes in the functioning of the cardiovascular system in newborns from mothers with diabetes mellitus, and also systematizes data on the relationship between maternal diabetes and the risks of cardiovascular disease in their children in the long term. © 2021 Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus, Medical Series. All rights reserved.
The Association of Lactation Duration with Visceral and Pericardial Fat Volumes in Parous Women: The CARDIA Study; Background: Lactation is associated with lower risks for cardiovascular disease in women. Organ-related adiposity, which plays significant roles in the development of cardiometabolic diseases, could help explain this observation. We evaluated the association of lactation duration with visceral (VAT) and pericardial (PAT) fat volumes in women. Methods: Data were obtained from 910 women enrolled in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study (1985-1986) without diabetes prior to pregnancy who had ≥1 birth during 25 years of follow-up and had VAT and PAT measured from computed tomographic scans in 2010-2011. Cumulative lactation duration across all births since baseline was calculated from self-reports collected at periodic exams. Results: At baseline, the average age of women (48% black, 52% white) was 24 ± 3.7 years. After controlling for baseline age, race, smoking status, body mass index, fasting glucose, family history of diabetes, fat intake, total cholesterol, physical activity, and follow-up covariates (parity, gestational diabetes), the mean fat volumes across categories of lactation [none (n = 221), 1-5 months (n = 306), 6-11 months (n = 210), and ≥12 months (n = 173)] were 122.0, 113.7 105.0, and 110.1 cm3 for VAT and 52.2, 46.7, 44.5, and 43.4 cm3 for PAT, respectively. Changes in body weight from the first post-baseline birth to the end of follow-up mediated 21% and 18% of the associations of lactation with VAT and PAT, respectively. Conclusions: In this prospective study, longer cumulative lactation duration was associated with lower VAT and PAT volumes, with weight gain partially mediating these associations.  © 2021 The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
Protein and genetic expression of CDKN1C and IGF2 and clinical features related to human umbilical cord length; Umbilical cord (UC) abnormalities are related to neurological outcome and death; specific molecular factors that might be involved are, as yet, unknown; however, protein-coding genes insulin-like growth factor 2 (IGF2) and cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1C (CDKN1C) have been identified as potential candidates. An analytical observational study was carried out. Newborn UCs were collected, along with their clinical and morphological features. Immunohistochemical analysis was made on paraffin-embedded sections and quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) was performed in fresh UC tissue for the assessment of gene expression. A total of 100 newborns were included. A significant association was found between long UC and prematurity [odds ratio (OR) 9] and long UC and respiratory distress (OR 4.04). Gestational diabetes (OR 8.55) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (OR 4.71) were found to be related to short UCs. The frequency for abnormal UC length was higher than expected. UC length was positively correlated with maternal, newborn and placental weight. No statistical association was found between IGF2 and CDKN1C (p57) expression and UC length; however, there was a tendency for higher CDKN1C expression in short UCs, while, on the contrary, higher IGF2 expression for long UCs. UC length was observed to be associated with maternal and newborn complications. Protein expression, messenger RNA (mRNA) activity and the activity of said genes seem to be related to UC length.  © 2020 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Analysis of Evolution and Ethnic Diversity at Glucose-Associated SNPs of Circadian Clock-Related Loci with Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and Melatonin receptor 1B; Diabetes shows high heritability and, worldwide, causes significant health problems including cardiovascular disease and stroke. There is significant variation in the frequency of diabetes between different populations. Both Cryptochromes and Melatonin have a major role to regulate the circadian clock. Circadian clock failure causes metabolic dysfunctions including diabetes and obesity. Variations in the Cryptochrome 1, the Cryptochrome 2, and the Melatonin receptor 1B (MTNR1B) genes show associations with fasting glucose, and are also related to circadian clock. Here, we analyzed evidence for genetic selection and ethnic diversity at circadian clock- and glucose-related gene loci associated with Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and MTNR1B. We carried out a 3-step genetic method to investigate genetic selection at the Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and MTNR1B on four populations from the 1000 Genomes Project and HapMap. First we used F-statistics to quantify genetic population differences and find ethnic diversity. Then we applied a long-range haplotype test to detect significant extreme long haplotypes, and then the integrated haplotype score (iHS) to find genetic selection at Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and MTNR1B. We observed genetic population differences and ethnic diversity at one glucose-associated Cryptochrome 1 single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) (rs8192440), one glucose-associated Cryptochrome 2 SNP (rs11605924), and one glucose-associated MTNR1B SNP (rs10830963) by F-statistics. Both Cryptochrome 1 and MTNR1B also showed selection by the iHS. These observations show new evidence for evolution at Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2 and MTNR1B. Further investigation should continue to examine the evolution of circadian clock- and glucose-related genes. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC part of Springer Nature.
Exosomes and Obesity-Related Insulin Resistance; Exosomes are extracellular vesicles, delivering signal molecules from donor cells to recipient cells. The cargo of exosomes, including proteins, DNA and RNA, can target the recipient tissues and organs, which have an important role in disease development. Insulin resistance is a kind of pathological state, which is important in the pathogeneses of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), gestational diabetes mellitus and Alzheimer’s disease. Furthermore, obesity is a kind of inducement of insulin resistance. In this review, we summarized recent research advances on exosomes and insulin resistance, especially focusing on obesity-related insulin resistance. These studies suggest that exosomes have great importance in the development of insulin resistance in obesity and have great potential for use in the diagnosis and therapy of insulin resistance. © Copyright © 2021 Lei, Lin, Xu, Shan, Guo, Li, Zheng, Wang, Xu and Yuan.
The possibility of using bioelectrical impedance analysis in pregnant and postpartum women; Pregnancy is a time of significant changes occurring in the composition of a woman’s body in order to provide support for the growth and development of the foetus. Bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) is used to assess the body composition and hydration status. This technique represents a non-invasive, reliable, and fast clinical approach, which is well tolerated by patients. A segmental impedance measurement might be advantageous in pregnant women, particularly in late pregnancy. The purpose of this paper is to provide a review of different applications of BIA in pregnant and postpartum women. It seems that BIA has a better prognostic potential for gestational and postpartum outcomes than body mass index. The BIA method can be successfully used to study the effect of excessive gestational weight gain in pregnancy on the development of obstetric complications. Studying the mother’s body composition and correlating it with her energy balance could facilitate the development of dietary recommendations for women. Evaluation of the body composition can provide important clues for diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women with a low risk of this disease. BIA is also used as one of the additional tests in assessing the risk of developing gestational hypertension and preeclampsia. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Cardiomyopathy and cardiac function in fetuses and newborns of diabetic mothers; Objective: To evaluate cardiac function and structural changes in children of diabetic mothers in the fetal and neonatal period using Doppler-echocardiographic data. Method: A prospective, descriptive observational study conducted in a private and tertiary care service for high-risk pregnant women. It included 48 children of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) considered clinically compensated during pregnancy, with a single fetus and absence of malformations. Myocardial thickness, shortening fraction, left ventricular (LVMPI) and right ventricular (RVMPI) myocardial performance index, and mitral and tricuspid valve E/A ratio were evaluated in 96 echocardiographic exams with Doppler. Results: The hypertrophic cardiomyopathy was 29% vs 6% p = 0.006 in the prenatal and postnatal periods respectively. The shortening fraction was 0% vs 6% p = 0.242 in the fetuses and newborns respectively. The myocardial performance index of the right ventricle was 12% vs 54% p ≤ 0.001, and on the left ventricle 27% vs 60% p = 0.001 in the prenatal and postnatal periods respectively. The ratio of mitral valve E/A waves was 6% vs 50% p ≤ 0.001 and the ratio of tricuspid valve E/A waves was 0% vs 27% p ≤ 0.001 in the fetuses and newborns respectively. Conclusion: A decrease in the rate of myocardial hypertrophy and changes in cardiac function parameters were observed in the fetal and neonatal periods. © 2020 Sociedade Brasileira de Pediatria
Preeclampsia across pregnancies and associated risk factors: Findings from a high-risk US birth Cohort; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia increases women’s risks for maternal morbidity and future cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to identify opportunities for prevention by examining the association between cardiometabolic risk factors and preeclampsia across 2 pregnancies among women in a high-risk US birth cohort. METHODS AND RESULTS: Our sample included 618 women in the Boston Birth Cohort with index and subsequent pregnancy data collected using standard protocols. We conducted log-binomial univariate regression models to examine the association between preeclampsia in the subsequent pregnancy (defined as incident or recurrent preeclampsia) and cardiometabolic risk factors (ie, obesity, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, low birth weight, and gestational diabetes mellitus) diagnosed before and during the index pregnancy, and between index and subsequent pregnancies. At the subsequent pregnancy, 7% (36/540) had incident preeclampsia and 42% (33/78) had recurrent preeclampsia. Compared with women without obesity, women with obesity had greater risk of incident preeclampsia (unadjusted risk ratio [RR], 2.2 [95% CI, 1.1-4.5]) and recurrent preeclampsia (unadjusted RR, 3.1 [95% CI, 1.5-6.7]). Preindex pregnancy chronic hypertension and diabetes mellitus were associated with incident, but not recurrent, preeclampsia (hypertension unadjusted RR, 7.9 [95% CI, 4.1-15.3]; diabetes mellitus unadjusted RR, 5.2 [95% CI, 2.5-11.1]. Women with new interpregnancy hypertension versus those without had a higher risk of incident and recurrent preeclampsia (incident preeclampsia unadjusted RR, 6.1 [95% CI, 2.9-13]); recurrent preeclampsia unadjusted RR, 2.4 [95% CI, 1.5-3.9]). CONCLUSIONS: In this diverse sample of high-risk US women, we identified modifiable and treatable risk factors, including obesity and hypertension for the prevention of preeclampsia. © 2021 The Authors.
Pregnancy outcomes in women with vitiligo: A Taiwanese nationwide cohort study; Vitiligo is perceived as an autoimmune skin disease. Previous studies showed conflicting data about vitiligo and pregnancy outcomes. To delineate the associations between vitiligo and the pregnancy outcomes, we used the National Health Insurance Research Database of Taiwan to conduct a retrospective cohort study from January 1, 2000 to December 31, 2015. This study population was composed of 1,096 women with vitiligo and 4,384 women without vitiligo, who were all matched according to age, comorbidity, and index year. Compared with the non-vitiligo controls, women with vitiligo had a higher risk of abortion (aHR 1.158, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.095-1.258, P < .001). Perinatal events, such as preterm delivery, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, stillbirth, and intrauterine growth retardation, were not different between both groups (aHR 1.065, 95% CI 0.817-1.157, P = .413). To determine if systemic treatment before conception decreases the risk of abortion, we assessed the medical history of pregnant women with vitiligo 1 year before pregnancy. Patients who were treated with oral medications had a lower risk of abortion than those who were not (aHR: 0.675, 95% CI: 0.482-0.809, P < .001). Our study indicates that there is a higher risk of abortion in pregnant women with vitiligo and the control of disease activity with systemic treatment before conception could improve pregnancy outcomes.  © 2021 Hung et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with Behçet’s disease: population-based registry linkage study in Taiwan; Objectives: To estimate the risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with Behçet’s disease (BD) Methods: Data collected by the Taiwan National Health Insurance Administration between 2001 and 2012 was used for our study. A total of 2,350,339 pregnancies from the Taiwan National Health Insurance database and birth registry were identified. Maternal history of BD in women was ascertained. A comparison was made to determine whether BD increased the risk of health issues associated with pregnancy and fetal outcomes. Using an adjusted generalized estimating equation model, we estimated the odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for fetal–neonatal and maternal outcomes. Results: There were 99 pregnancies in women with BD and 2,350,240 pregnancies in women without BD. The OR and 95% CI of puerperal cerebrovascular disorders were 12.08 (1.7–85.9), and those of gestational diabetes were 1.89 (1.1–3.25). Both were higher than the values in general pregnant women after adjusting for age, infant sex, urban residence, income, occupation, birth year, and Charlson Comorbidity Index. However, there were no adverse fetal outcomes in pregnant women with BD. Conclusions: Patients with BD have no significant risks of multiple complications except for puerperal cerebrovascular disease and gestational diabetes during pregnancy. Close monitoring of blood sugar is suggested. Furthermore, neonatal outcomes were not influenced by BD.• Patients with Behçet’s disease are at a risk of puerperal cerebrovascular disease and gestational diabetes during pregnancy.• The odds ratio and 95% confidence interval for puerperal cerebrovascular disorders were 12.08 (1.7–85.9), and those for gestational diabetes were 1.89 (1.1–3.25).• Pregnant patients with Behçet’s disease have no risks of neonatal outcomes. © 2021, International League of Associations for Rheumatology (ILAR).
Low physical activity levels 1 year after pregnancy complications; Objectives: Women with previous preeclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GH), or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Physical activity (PA) is an important CVD risk modifier. We aimed to assess PA levels, using a validated objective method, and other modifiable CVD risk factors in women with these previous pregnancy complications. Study design: One year postpartum we assessed PA levels for 1 week in women with previous PE (n = 68), GH (n = 26), GDM (n = 23), and normotensive pregnancies (n = 65), using the ActiGraph-wGT3X-BT™ accelerometer. Outcome measures: We assessed adherence to American PA guidelines (≥150 min/week of moderate or ≥75 min/week of vigorous intensity PA), and time spent in moderate and vigorous PA. We also assessed steps/day, blood pressure and anthropometric indices. Results: Recommended PA levels were achieved in only 50%, 39%, and 35% following PE, GH, and GDM, respectively, not significantly different from controls (52%). Differences in moderate and vigorous PA levels and steps/day between the groups were non-significant, except from lower vigorous PA in women with previous GDM. Elevated blood pressure (systolic BP ≥ 120 mmHg and/or diastolic BP ≥ 80 mmHg) was more common after PE and GH. Overweight rates were significantly higher in PE, GH, and GDM groups compared to controls. Conclusions: Less than half of women achieved recommended PA levels 1 year postpartum. This did not differ significantly between women with previous PE, GH, or GDM compared to controls. Measures to increase PA in postpartum women are warranted, especially in women with pregnancy complications associated with high risk of premature CVD. © 2021 The Author(s)
Women's cardiovascular risk before and after menopause: A red alert for heart attack!; Cardiovascular disease is now the leading cause of death in women, 16 times more frequent than breast cancer, and with more and more young women at risk. Young women are exposed to serial loss of chance, related to sex, with specific female hormonal cardiovascular risk factors (CVRF): contraception, pregnancy and menopause; and to gender: atypic symptoms, underestimation, poor risk-factor control, undertreatment and lack of follow-up, and specific atheromatous disease. Prevalence and impact of risk factors differ between males and females. At a given age, women show more CVRFs than men. This is due to negative lifestyle changes, with increasing smoking, stress, obesity and sedentary lifestyles. Some CVRFs such as hypertension, smoking, stress and diabetes have more severe arterial impact in women than men. Psychosocial factors are emerging risk factors, especially in younger women. Specific hormonal risk is linked to contraception, endometriosis, polycystic ovary syndrome, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, miscarriage, age at menarche, hysterectomy and menopause. Moreover, classic CV risk scores are not adapted to women. An aggressive approach to CVRF management is essential for primary prevention of CV disease, using specific guidelines. Health professionals should conduct earlier personalized screening for women at risk and should encourage appropriate lifestyle changes. The gyneco-cardiology healthcare pathway is a real opportunity to improve cardiovascular prevention in women. © 2020
Occupational exposure to noise in relation to pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders and diabetes; Objectives Exposure to environmental noise has been associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases and diabetes, but evidence for occupational noise is limited and conflicting, especially related to pregnancy outcomes. This study aimed to evaluate the association of occupational noise exposure with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes. Methods Our population-based cohort study utilized data on 1 109 516 singletons born to working mothers in Sweden between 1994–2014 from the Medical Birth Register and the Longitudinal Integration Database for Health Insurance and Labor Market Studies. Noise exposure came from a job exposure matrix (JEM) in five categories <70, 70–74, 75–80, 80–85, >85 dB(A). Relative risks (RR), adjusted for confounders and other job exposures, were calculated by modified Poisson regressions for the full sample and a subsample of first-time mothers reporting full-time work. Results Exposure to 80–85 dB(A) of noise was associated with an increased risk of all HDP [RR 1.12, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.05–1.18] and preeclampsia alone (RR 1.14, 95% CI 1.07–1.22) in the full sample. Results were similar for first-pregnancy, full-time workers. Exposure to >85 dB(A) of noise was also associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes (RR 1.57, 95% CI 1.10–2.24) in the analysis restricted to first-time mothers working full-time. Conclusion In this study, exposure to noise was associated with an increased risk for HDP and gestational diabetes, particularly in first-time mothers who work full-time. Further research is needed to confirm findings and identify the role of hearing protection on this association so prevention policies can be implemented. © 2021, Nordic Association of Occupational Safety and Health. All rights reserved.
Early pregnancy atherogenic profile in a first pregnancy and hypertension risk 2 to 7 years after delivery; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular risk in young adulthood is an important determinant of lifetime cardiovascular disease risk. Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) have increased cardiovascular risk, but the relationship of other factors is unknown. METHODS AND RESULTS: Among 4471 primiparous women, we related first-trimester atherogenic markers to risk of APO (hyper-tensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, small for gestational age), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertension (130/80 mm Hg or antihypertensive use) 2 to 7 years after delivery. Women with an APO/GDM (n=1102) had more atherogenic characteristics (obesity [34.2 versus 19.5%], higher blood pressure [systolic blood pressure 112.2 versus 108.4, diastolic blood pressure 69.2 versus 66.6 mm Hg], glucose [5.0 versus 4.8 mmol/L], insulin [77.6 versus 60.1 pmol/L], triglycerides [1.4 versus 1.3 mmol/L], and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein [5.6 versus 4.0 nmol/L], and lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol [1.8 versus 1.9 mmol/L]; P<0.05) than women without an APO/GDM. They were also more likely to develop hypertension after delivery (32.8% versus 18.1%, P<0.05). Accounting for confounders and factors routinely assessed antepartum, higher glucose (relative risk [RR] 1.03 [95% CI, 1.00–1.06] per 0.6 mmol/L), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (RR, 1.06 [95% CI, 1.02–1.11] per 2-fold higher), and triglycerides (RR, 1.27 [95% CI, 1.14–1.41] per 2-fold higher) were associated with later hypertension. Higher physical activity was protective (RR, 0.93 [95% CI, 0.87-0.99] per 3 h/week). When evaluated as latent profiles, the nonobese group with higher lipids, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and insulin values (6.9% of the cohort) had increased risk of an APO/GDM and later hypertension. Among these factors, 7% to 15% of excess RR was related to APO/GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Individual and combined first-trimester atherogenic characteristics are associated with APO/GDM occurrence and hypertension 2 to 7 years later. © 2021 The Authors. Published on behalf of the American Heart Association, Inc., by Wiley. T.
Identification of a novel association for the WWOX/HIF1A axis with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); Background. Although the WW-domain-containing oxidoreductase (WWOX)/Hypoxia-inducible factor 1 (HIF1) pathway is a well-known regulator of cellular glucose and energy metabolism in pathophysiological processes, its role in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), remains elusive. We undertook this study to determine the effect of WWOX/HIF1A signaling on the expression of glucose metabolism genes in GDM patients. Methods. Leukocytes were obtained from 135 pregnant women with (n = 98) or without (n = 37) GDM and, in turn, 3 months (n = 8) and 1 year (n = 12) postpartum. Quantitative RT-PCR was performed to determine gene expression profiles of the WWOX/HIF1A-related genes, including those involved in glucose transport (SLC2A1, SLC2A4), glycolytic pathway (HK2, PKM2, PFK, LDHA), Wnt pathway (DVL2, CTNNB1), and inflammatory response (NFKB1). Results. GDM patients displayed a significant downregulation of WWOX with simultaneous upregulation of HIF1A which resulted in approximately six times reduction in WWOX/HIF1A ratio. As a consequence, HIF1A induced genes (SLC2A1, HK2, PFK, PKM) were found to be overexpressed in GDM compared to normal pregnancy and negative correlate with WWOX/HIF1A ratio. The postpartum WWOX expression was higher than during GDM, but its level was comparable to that observed in normal pregnancy. Conclusions. The obtained results suggest a significant contribution of the WWOX gene to glucose metabolism in patients with gestational diabetes. Decreased WWOX expression in GDM compared to normal pregnancy, and in particular reduction of WWOX/HIF1A ratio, indicate that WWOX modulates HIF1α activity in normal tissues as described in the tumor. The effect of HIF1α excessive activation is to increase the expression of genes encoding proteins directly involved in the glycolysis which may lead to pathological changes in glucose metabolism observed in gestational diabetes. © 2021 PeerJ Inc.. All rights reserved.
SMARThealth Pregnancy: Feasibility and Acceptability of a Complex Intervention for High-Risk Pregnant Women in Rural India: Protocol for a Pilot Cluster Randomised Controlled Trial; Introduction: India is in the process of a major epidemiological transition towards non-communicable diseases. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women in India. Predisposing independent risk factors include pregnancy-related conditions, e.g., hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes (GDM) - also associated with significant perinatal mortality and morbidity. Early identification, referral and management of pregnant women at increased risk of future CVD may offer opportunities for prevention. In rural India, Community Health Workers (CHWs) provide most antenatal and postnatal care. Innovative solutions are required to address integrated care for rural women during transitions between antenatal, postnatal and general health services. The George Institute's SMARThealth Programme has shown that CHWs in rural India screening non-pregnant adults for cardiovascular risk, using a decision support system, is feasible. Building on this, we developed a targeted training programme for CHWs and a complex system-level intervention that uses mobile clinical decision support for CHWs and primary care doctors to screen high-risk pregnant women. In addition to addressing HDP and GDM, the intervention also screens for anaemia in pregnancy. Methods/Design: A pilot study will be undertaken in two diverse rural districts of India: Jhajjar (Haryana) and Guntur (Andhra Pradesh). Two Primary Health Centre clusters will be randomised to intervention or control groups at each study site. The primary objective of this pilot study is to explore the feasibility and acceptability of the SMARThealth Pregnancy intervention. Secondary objectives are to estimate: (a) prevalence rates of moderate to severe anaemia, HDPs and GDM at the study sites; (b) referral and follow-up rates, and (c) mean haemoglobin and blood pressure values at the routine 6 week postnatal visit. A process evaluation will be conducted to explore the acceptability of the SMARThealth Pregnancy intervention for pregnant women and healthcare workers using qualitative methods. Discussion: It is anticipated that the findings of this pilot study will help determine the feasibility and acceptability of the SMARThealth Pregnancy intervention, and highlight how the intervention might be further developed for evaluation in a larger, cluster randomised controlled trial. Clinical Trial Registration: www.ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier: NCT03968952. Copyright © 2021 Nagraj, Kennedy, Jha, Norton, Hinton, Billot, Rajan, Arora, Praveen and Hirst.
Management of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Once a woman is diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), two strategies are considered for management; life-style modifications and pharmacological therapy. The management of GDM aims to maintain a normoglycemic state and to prevent excessive weight gain in order to reduce maternal and fetal complications. Lifestyle modifications include nutritional therapy and exercise. Calorie restriction with a low glycemic index diet is recommended to avoid postprandial hyperglycemia and to reduce insulin resistance. Blood glucose levels, HbA1c levels, and ketonuria are monitored to analyze the efficacy of conservative management. Pharmacological treatment is initiated if conservative strategies fail to provide expected glucose levels during follow-ups. Insulin has been the first choice for the treatment of diabetes during pregnancy. Recently, metformin has been used more commonly in diabetic pregnant women in cases when insulin cannot be prescribed, after its safety has been proven. However, a high percentage of women, which may be up to 46% may require additional insulin to maintain expected blood glucose levels. The evidence on the long-term safety of other oral anti-diabetics has been lacking yet. Women with diet-controlled GDM can wait for spontaneous labor expectantly in case there are no obstetric indications for birth. However, in women with GDM under insulin therapy or with poor glycemic control, elective induction at term is recommended by authorities. The women who have GDM during pregnancy should be counseled about their increased risks of impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders, cardiovascular diseases, and metabolic syndrome. © 2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Management of ureteric stone in pregnancy: a review; Background: Urolithiasis in pregnancy is a major health concern and is one of the most common causes for non-obstetrical abdominal pain and subsequent hospital admission during pregnancy. The incidence of urinary calculi during pregnancy varies in the range of 1/200 to 1/2000. Acute ureteric colic in pregnancy is associated with significant potential risks to both mother and fetus. Significant anatomic and functional changes occur in pregnancy which not only lead to stone formation but also create diagnostic dilemma. The diagnosis of ureteric calculi can be incorrect in about 28% of pregnant patients. Main body: Management of ureteric stone during pregnancy is remaining to be a challenge for the treating urologist. Because of the inability to use good imaging options for the diagnosis confirmation and more invasive approach for the treatment, management continues to be difficult. The main threats are preterm labor with delivery and premature rupture of membranes. Other pregnancy complications are obstructive uropathy, gestational diabetes mellitus, recurrent abortions and pre-eclampsia. Management of diagnosed ureteric stone is unique in the pregnant population and requires multi-disciplinary care. It should be individualized for each patient and moves preferably from conservative to invasive approaches sequentially. With continued advancements in endourological techniques, few definitive treatment options are also available for such patients. Conclusion: There are several lacunae related with the diagnostic imaging, medical expulsive therapy, reliability of ureteral stent/percutaneous nephrostomy insertions and safety of ureteroscopy during pregnancy. Herein, we review the management of ureteric stone during pregnancy, the various diagnostic modalities and treatment options with their advantages and disadvantages. We also proposed our management algorithm to deal with such clinical scenario in this particular population. © 2020, The Author(s).
Disparities in Cardiovascular Care and Outcomes for Women From Racial/Ethnic Minority Backgrounds; Purpose of review: Racial, ethnic, and gender disparities in cardiovascular care are well-documented. This review aims to highlight the disparities and impact on a group particularly vulnerable to disparities, women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds. Recent findings: Women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds remain underrepresented in major cardiovascular trials, limiting the generalizability of cardiovascular research to this population. Certain cardiovascular risk factors are more prevalent in women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds, including traditional risk factors such as hypertension, obesity, and diabetes. Female-specific risk factors including gestational diabetes and preeclampsia as well as non-traditional psychosocial risk factors like depressive and anxiety disorders, increased child care, and familial and home care responsibility have been shown to increase risk for cardiovascular disease events in women more so than in men, and disproportionately affect women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds. Despite this, minimal interventions to address differential risk have been proposed. Furthermore, disparities in treatment and outcomes that disadvantage minority women persist. The limited improvement in outcomes over time, especially among non-Hispanic Black women, is an area that requires further research and active interventions. Summary: Understanding the lack of representation in cardiovascular trials, differential cardiovascular risk, and disparities in treatment and outcomes among women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds highlights opportunities for improving cardiovascular care among this particularly vulnerable population. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Erratum regarding missing Declaration of Competing Interest statements in previously published articles (Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews (2019) 13(3) (1705–1715), (S1871402119301316), (10.1016/j.dsx.2019.03.024)); Declaration of Competing Interest statements were not included in published version of the following articles that appeared in previous issues of Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews. Hence, the authors of the below articles were contacted after publication to request a Declaration of Interest statement: 1. “Change in insulin resistance, beta cell function, glucagon-like peptide-1 and calcitonin levels two weeks after bariatric surgery” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (3): 2142–2147] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.05.0022. “Association of glycemic status and interferon-Î³ production with leukocytes and platelet indices alterations in type2 diabetes” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (3): 1963–1969] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.04.0463. “Association of demographic and socioeconomic characteristics with body mass index of outpatient diabetic adults attending a tertiary health facility in Enugu, Nigeria” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (2): 1071–1076] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.01.0264. “Measurement of the serum levels of serum troponins I and T, albumin and C-Reactive protein in chronic hemodialysis patients and their relationship with left ventricular hypertrophy and heart failure” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (1): 522–525] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.11.0295. “Augmentation of IL-6 production contributes to development of gestational diabetes mellitus: An Indian study” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (2): 895–899] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.12.0236. “Prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in India: A systematic review (1994â€“2018)” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2020; 14 (5): 897–906] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2020.05.0407. “Strategies to ameliorate endothelial dysfunction associated with metabolic syndrome, where are we?” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (3): 2164–2169] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.05.0058. “Prevalence and predictors of metabolic syndrome in drug naÃ¯ve bipolar patients” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (1): 12–17] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.08.0139. “Diabetes and diabetes care among non-obese South Asian Americans: Findings from a population-based study” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (1): 96–102] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.08.02510. “Assessment of iodine supplementation program on thyroid function in Sudan” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (1): 678–680] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.11.03611. “Hypertension and diabetes mellitus as a predictive risk factors for stroke” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 12 (4): 577–584] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.03.00912. “Determining frequency and pattern of infections associated with diabetes based educational hospitals in Ahvaz city; Iran” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (4): 2441–2444] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.06.01213. “C-peptide concentrations in patients with type 2 diabetes treated with insulin” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (6): 3099–3104] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.11.01014. “Prevalence of metabolic syndrome in Gwalior region of Central India: A comparative study using NCEP ATP III, IDF and Harmonized criteria” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (1): 816–821] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.12.00315. “Prevalence of overweight and obesity in the adult indigenous population in Brazil: A systematic review with meta-analysis” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (3): 1705–1715] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.03.024 © 2020
Prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus using the latest world health organization diagnostic criteria among Omani women in Muscat, Oman; Objectives: In 2013, the World Health Organization (WHO) recommended new criteria for diagnosing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Our study aimed to compare the incidence of GDM and its complications among Omani pregnant women using the new diagnostic criteria compared to previous criteria published in 1999. Methods: This retrospective cohort study was conducted between January and December 2016 at the Bawshar Specialized Polyclinic in Muscat, Oman. A total of 613 Omani women were included in the study. Baseline maternal characteristics such as age, body mass index, parity, and socioeconomic status were recorded in addition to maternal and neonatal outcomes. Results: Based on the current diagnostic criteria, the incidence of GDM was 48.5% (n = 297); however, this dropped to 26.4% (n = 162) when applying the old criteria. Moreover, rates of maternal complications including polyhydramnios (5.6% vs. 4.6%), pregnancy-induced hypertension (3.2% vs. 1.5%), and preterm delivery (3.2% vs. 1.5%) were slightly higher among women with GDM diagnosed using the latest criteria. However, these differences were not statistically significant. Neonatal complications were also slightly more frequent among the first group, without any significant differences. Conclusions: The incidence of GDM among Omani women rose dramatically when utilizing the latest WHO diagnostic criteria, owing to a lower fasting blood glucose cut-off value. In addition, a comparison of the frequencies of maternal and neonatal complications supports the validity of the new criteria. These findings should be taken into consideration by decision-makers in Oman when planning antenatal and postnatal services. © (Publisher name) (Publishing Year). All Rights Reserved.
Occurrence and related factors of preterm birth in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region during 2017-2019; 目的： 了解广西壮族自治区早产发生率，探索早产发生的相关因素及其联合作用。 方法： 以2017年1月1日至2019年12月31日中国危重孕产妇医院监测系统广西壮族自治区监测点分娩活产儿的产妇为对象。收集对象一般特征（年龄和婚姻状况）、妊娠情况（产次、既往剖宫产次数、产前检查次数和本次妊娠胎儿数）和患病情况（前置胎盘、胎盘早剥、高血压、糖尿病、贫血和心脏疾病）等资料，分别依据世界卫生组织（WHO）和中国对早产的定义计算早产发生率，采用logistic回归模型探索早产相关因素及其联合作用。 结果： 依据WHO和中国定义，2017—2019年广西累积早产发生率分别为7.45%（16 819/225 727）和7.34%（16 559/225 727）；高龄[以≤34岁为参照，35~39和≥40岁的OR(95%CI）分别为1.36（1.30~1.42）和1.61（1.50~1.74）]、未婚（含离异或丧偶）[OR(95%CI)：1.28（1.17~1.40）]、初产妇[OR(95%CI)：1.34（1.29~1.40）]、既往剖宫产[以无既往剖宫产为参照，1次和≥2次的OR(95%CI）分别为1.30（1.24~1.36）和1.85（1.65~2.08）]、产检<8次[OR(95%CI)：2.72（2.62~2.81）]、多胎妊娠[OR(95%CI)：15.00（14.01~16.06）]、前置胎盘[OR(95%CI)：6.90（6.35~7.50）]、胎盘早剥[OR(95%CI)：8.18（7.36~9.10）]、妊娠期高血压[OR(95%CI)：2.29（2.17~2.42）]、妊娠期糖尿病[OR(95%CI)：1.43（1.37~1.49）]、贫血[OR(95%CI)：1.10（1.07~1.14）]和心脏病[OR 95%CI：2.98（2.43~3.65）]等均与早产正相关；暴露于1、2、3、4、5、6和≥7个早产相关因素的孕妇早产风险分别是无暴露孕妇的1.51、2.29、4.49、9.69、20.87、46.88和192.11倍（均P<0.001）。 结论： 早产与产妇的一般特征、妊娠情况和患病情况等因素相关，早产相关因素联合作用明显增加早产风险。.; Objective: To investigate the incidence of preterm birth in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region and explore the related factors and their combined effects. Methods: The study subjects were women giving birth to live babies at the monitoring points of critical maternal hospital monitoring system in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region from January 1, 2017 to December 31, 2019. The data of general characteristics (age and marital status), pregnancies (parity, number of previous cesarean delivery, the number of prenatal check and number of fetuses in this pregnancy) and disease conditions (placenta previa, placental abruption, hypertension, diabetes, anemia, and heart disease) were collected, and the incidence of preterm birth were calculated according to the definition of preterm birth set by WHO and China, respectively. Logistic regression model was used to explore the factors associated with premature birth and their combined effects. Results: According to definitions of WHO and China, the cumulative incidence of preterm birth in Guangxi from 2017 to 2019 was 7.45% (16 819/225 727) and 7.34% (16 559/225 727), respectively. Advanced age [≤34 years old as reference, OR (95%CI) of 35-39 and ≥40 years old were 1.36 (1.30-1.42) and 1.61 (1.50-1.74), respectively], unmarried (including divorced or widowed) [OR (95%CI): 1.28 (1.17-1.40)], primiparae [OR (95%CI): 1.34 (1.29-1.40)], previous cesarean section [no previous cesarean section as reference, OR (95%CI) of 1 and ≥2 times of previous cesarean section were 1.30 (1.24-1.36) and 1.85 (1.65-2.08), respectively], antenatal examination<8 [OR (95%CI): 2.72 (2.62-2.81)], multiple pregnancies [OR (95%CI): 15.00 (14.01-16.06)], placenta previa [OR (95%CI): 6.90 (6.35-7.50)], placental abruption [OR (95%CI): 8.18 (7.36-9.10)], gestational hypertension [OR (95%CI): 2.29 (2.17-2.42)], gestational diabetes mellitus [OR (95%CI): 1.43 (1.37-1.49)], anemia [OR (95%CI): 1.10 (1.07-1.14)], and heart diseases [OR (95%CI): 2.98(2.43-3.65)] were all positively correlated with preterm birth. The risk of preterm birth in pregnant women exposed to 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and ≥7 preterm birth related factors was 1.51, 2.29, 4.49, 9.69, 20.87, 46.88 and 192.11 times that of non-exposed women, respectively (all P values<0.001). Conclusion: Preterm birth is associated with maternal general characteristics, pregnancy and disease status, and the combined effect of preterm birth related factors significantly increases the risk of preterm birth.
Reproductive risk factors for angiographic obstructive coronary artery disease among postmenopausal women; Objective: Reproductive factors are female-specific coronary artery disease (CAD) risk factors. However, the importance of reproductive factors in angiographic obstructive CAD in postmenopausal women remains uncertain. This study aimed to compare reproductive factors between postmenopausal women with no apparent CAD, nonobstructive CAD, and obstructive CAD and identify reproductive risk factors for obstructive CAD. Methods: In this hospital-based cross-sectional study, 1,474 postmenopausal women, admitted with chest pain and referred for invasive coronary angiography were enrolled between April 2013 and October 2018. Results: Adjusted odds ratio (95% CI) for obstructive CAD were 1.81 (1.03-3.17) for multigravidity (three or more pregnancies), 1.77 (1.14-2.76) for early menopause (≤40 y old), and 1.72 (1.26-2.35) for short reproductive life span (≤30 y). Each additional year in age at menopause or reproductive life span was associated with a 4% reduction in obstructive CAD risk in postmenopausal women (odds ratio, 0.96; 95% CI, 0.94-0.99; P = 0.011). The other reproductive factors, including parity, age at first birth, spontaneous abortion, induced abortion, stillbirth, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, and age at menarche, were not correlated with obstructive CAD risk in postmenopausal women. Conclusions: Multigravidity (three or more pregnancies), early menopause, and a shorter reproductive life span were independent risk factors of angiographic obstructive CAD among postmenopausal women, which suggested that pregnancy and ovarian function may be important for the early identification and prevention of increased risk of female angiographic obstructive CAD. © 2020 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
The Role of Lifestyle Intervention in the Prevention and Treatment of Gestational Diabetes; Obesity during pregnancy is associated with the development of adverse outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). GDM is highly associated with obesity and independently increases the risk of both complications during pregnancy and future impaired glycemic control and risk factors for cardiovascular disease for both the mother and child. Despite extensive research evaluating the effectiveness of lifestyle interventions incorporating diet and/or exercise, there remains a lack of definitive consensus on their overall efficacy alone or in combination for both the prevention and treatment of GDM. Combination of diet and physical activity/exercise interventions for GDM prevention demonstrates limited success, whereas exercise-only interventions report of risk reductions ranging from 3 to 49%. Similarly, combination therapy of diet and exercise is the first-line treatment of GDM, with positive effects on maternal weight gain and the prevalence of infants born large-for-gestational age. Yet, there is inconclusive evidence on the effects of diet or exercise as standalone therapies for GDM treatment. In clinical care, women with GDM should be treated with a multidisciplinary approach, starting with lifestyle modification and escalating to pharmacotherapy if needed. Several key knowledge gaps remain, including how lifestyle interventions can be optimized during pregnancy, and whether intervention during preconception is effective for preventing the rising prevalence of GDM.  © 2021. Thieme. All rights reserved.
Association of maternal prepregnancy diabetes and gestational diabetes mellitus with congenital anomalies of the newborn; To examine the association of maternal prepregnancy diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and 12 subtypes of congenital anomalies of the newborn. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We included 29,211,974 live births with maternal age ranging from 18 to 49 years old documented in the National Vital Statistics System in the U.S. from 2011 to 2018. Information on prepregnancy diabetes, GDM, and congenital anomalies was retrieved from birth certificates. Log-binomial regression was used to estimate risk ratios (RRs) and 95% CIs for congenital anomalies overall and by subtypes. RESULTS Of the 29,211,974 live births, there were 90,061 infants who had congenital anomalies identified at birth. The adjusted RRs of congenital anomalies at birth were 2.44 (95% CI 2.33–2.55) for prepregnancy diabetes and 1.28 (95% CI 1.24–1.31) for GDM. The associations were generally consistent across subgroups by maternal age, race/ethnicity, prepregnancy obesity status, and infant sex. For specific subtypes of congenital anomalies, maternal prepregnancy diabetes or GDM was associated with an increased risk of most subtypes. For example, the adjusted RRs of cyanotic congenital heart disease were 4.61 (95% CI 4.28–4.96) for prepregnancy diabetes and 1.50 (95% CI 1.43–1.58) for GDM; the adjusted RRs of hypospadias were 1.88 (95% CI 1.67–2.12) for prepregnancy diabetes and 1.29 (95% CI 1.21–1.36) for GDM. CONCLUSIONS Prepregnancy diabetes and, to a lesser extent, GDM were associated with several subtypes of congenital anomalies of the newborn. These findings suggest potential benefits of preconception counseling in women with preexisting diabetes or at risk for GDM for the prevention of congenital anomalies. © 2020 by the American Diabetes Association.
Plasma and urinary inositol isomer profiles measured by UHPLC-MS/MS reveal differences in scyllo-inositol levels between non-pregnant and pregnant women; Previous studies support that myo- and d-chiro-inositol isomers are promising bioactives for the treatment of women with polycystic ovary syndrome and for lowering the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women, whereas scyllo-inositol may have some benefits for neurological disorders (e.g., Alzheimer’s disease). Though potentially useful to better understand inositol isomer metabolism and study their role in health and disease, routine analysis of inositol isomers in plasma and urine with a single analytical method is not yet feasible due to the lack of a suitable analytical assay. To address this, we developed and validated a robust ultra-high-performance-liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (UHPLC-MS/MS) method for the quantification of inositol isomers in plasma and urine. This method resolves seven inositol isomers with accurate quantification of total chiro- (d and l enantiomers), myo-, and scyllo-inositols and is semi-quantitative for neo-inositol. For urine and plasma myo-inositol, the method repeatability and intermediate reproducibility were below 6% and 8%, respectively. Then, for both chiro- and scyllo-inositols, repeatability and intermediate reproducibility were below 10% and 14%, respectively. A pilot study was carried out to quantify and compare the pattern of inositol isomers in urine and plasma of non-pregnant and pregnant women and showed for the first time that urinary myo- and scyllo-inositol concentrations were significantly higher for women in the third trimester of pregnancy compared with non-pregnant women. These findings warrant further research to understand the biological significance of the observed differences in inositol profiles and suggest a potential role of scyllo-inositol. Graphical abstract[Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Safety evaluation of syzygium jambolanum on the development of zebrafish embryos; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus, a hyperglycaemic condition that develops at the time of pregnancy, causes approximately 7% of complications during pregnancies world wide. Syzygium jambolanum has been proved clinically for the management of diabetes mellitus and is being prescribed for the management of diabetes in pregnant women. Objectives: This study has been designed to evaluate the safety of Syzygium jambolanum mother tincture on the development of zebrafish embryos. Materials and Methods: Zebrafish embryos were exposed to 1%, 5% and 10% of Syzygium jambolanum mother tincture with the same concentration of alcohol. Observations like mortality, hatching at 24, 48 and 72 hr post fertilization and yolk sac edema, length, eye width, pericardial edema and heart rate were recorded at 72 hr post fertilization. The locomotor activity was recorded at 7 day post fertilization. Results: Results showed that mortality in zebrafish embryos with the treatment of Syzygium jambolanum mother tincture at 10% could be due to alcohol as similar results were observed with 10% alcohol also. Moreover, changes observed in heart beat in embryos with the treatment of alcohol at different concentration were reduced by the Syzygium jambolanum indicating its possible protective role in cardiac parameters. Conclusion: Results suggest the safety of Syzygium jambolanum mother tincture at low concentrations (1% and 5%) on development of zebrafish embryos. The embryo toxicity induced by 10% concentration of Syzygium jambolanum may be attributed to the ethanol. Further developmental toxicity studies on animals need to be carried out to validate the results obtained followed by clinical validation. © 2021, Association of Pharmaceutical Teachers of India. All rights reserved.
The Health Effects of Vitamin D and Probiotic Co-Supplementation: A Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials; Evidence of synergic health effects of co-supplementation with vitamin D and probiotics is emerging. Following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses PRISMA statement, scientific databases and the grey literature were searched, and a narrative review and risk of bias assessment were conducted. Seven randomized controlled trials were included, which had low risk of bias. Six studies were double-blind, and once single-blind, extended over 6-12 weeks, and included 50-105 participants. Conditions explored included schizophrenia, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease, polycystic ovarian syndrome, osteopenia, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), and infantile colic. Supplementation frequency was daily or bi-monthly, with mainly vitamin D3, and Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium, and Streptococcus. Comparators were placebo, vitamin D, lower vitamin D dose, and probiotics and lower vitamin D dose. The co-supplementation yielded greater health benefits than its comparators did in all studies except in one assessing IBS. Beneficial effects included decreased disease severity, improved mental health, metabolic parameters, mainly insulin sensitivity, dyslipidemia, inflammation, and antioxidative capacity, and lower use of healthcare. Co-supplementation of vitamin D and probiotics generated greater health benefits than its comparators did. More studies in other diseases and various populations are needed to confirm these findings and to elucidate the optimal form, composition, and frequency of this co-supplementation.
Sex Differences in Cardiovascular Disease and Unique Pregnancy-Associated Risk Factors in Women; Purpose of review: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of mortality in women. Beyond conventional cardiovascular risk factors, women additionally face sex-specific cardiovascular disease risk factors, which include a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Adverse pregnancy outcomes include the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and small-for-gestational age delivery. Here, we review sex differences in cardiovascular disease with an emphasis on pregnancy-associated risk factors and discuss implications for the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease in women. Recent findings: Adverse pregnancy outcomes, especially the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, have been linked to diverse cardiovascular conditions, accelerated cardiovascular aging, and multimorbidity. Chronic hypertension appears to be a key mediator of accelerated cardiovascular disease risk in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Recent genetic analyses suggest a shared genetic predisposition between adverse cardiometabolic traits and development of hypertension in pregnancy. Mechanisms linking gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, small-for-gestational age delivery, and infertility to cardiovascular disease are less well understood. Summary: The mechanisms linking adverse pregnancy outcomes to future cardiovascular disease remain incompletely understood. Further research is needed to better understand this relationship and the implications of adverse pregnancy outcomes for cardiovascular disease prevention. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Association analysis in young and middle-aged mothers—relation between expression of cardiovascular disease associated micrornas and abnormal clinical findings; The principal goal of the study was to map common postpartal alterations in gene expression of microRNAs associated with diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases induced by most frequently occurring pregnancy-related complications (gestational hypertension, preeclamp-sia, fetal growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm prelabor rupture of membranes, or spontaneous preterm birth). In addition, the association analyses between individual abnormal clinical findings (overweight/obesity, central obesity, hypertension, on blood pressure treatment, history of infertility treatment, actual hormonal contraceptive use, the presence of trombophilic gene mutations, actual smoking status, increased serum levels of total cholesterol, HDL (high density lipoprotein) cholesterol, LDL (low density lipoprotein) cholesterol, triglycerides, lipoprotein A, CRP (C-reactive protein), and uric acid, and increased plasma levels of homocysteine) and microRNA expression levels were performed in mothers with respect/regardless to previous course of gestation. The prior exposure to gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm prelabor rupture of membranes, or spontaneous preterm birth caused that a significant proportion of mothers (52.42% at 90.0% specificity) had substantially altered microRNA expression profile, which might originate lifelong cardiovascular risk. 26 out of 29 tested microRNAs were up-regulated in mothers with a history of such complicated pregnancies. MicroRNA expression profiles were also able to differentiate between mothers with normal and abnormal clinical findings (BMI (body mass index), waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, on blood pressure treatment, history of infertility treatment, and the presence of trombophilic gene mutations) irrespective of previous course of gestation. The treatment of hypertension even intensified upregulation of some microRNAs (miR-24-3p, and miR-342-3p) already present in women after complicated pregnan-cies. Newly, the presence of overweight/obesity (miR-155-5p), systolic hypertension (miR-92a-3p, and miR-210-3p), treatment for infertility (miR-155-5p), and treatment for hypertension (miR-210-3p) induced upregulation of several microRNAs. In general, mothers after complicated pregnancies are at increased risk of development of cardiovascular complications. Especially those mothers indicated to have postpartally altered microRNA expression profiles might be considered as a highly risky group that would benefit from dispensarization and implementation of primary prevention strategies. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Erratum to: Oral health: keeping your mouth clean and health (Journal of Midwifery & Women's Health, (2011), 56, 2, (187-188), 10.1111/j.1542-2011.2010.00058.x); Why do I need to keep my teeth and gums clean? Keeping your teeth and gums clean is an important part of staying healthy. If you do not brush and floss your teeth regularly, a sticky film called plaque builds up on your teeth. Plaque has bacteria in it that can cause gum disease and cavities (little holes in your teeth). What is gum disease? Gum disease is an infection in the parts of your mouth that hold your teeth in place. Gum disease is also called periodontal disease. The beginning stage of gum disease is called gingivitis. People with gingivitis have swollen and red gums that may bleed easily when they brush their teeth. If gingivitis is not treated and gum disease gets worse, you can lose teeth and bone in your mouth. Having gum disease can cause problems in other parts of your body. You have a greater chance of having a stroke, heart problems, or a heart attack if you have gum disease. If you have diabetes and gum disease, it may be harder to control your blood sugar. What are the signs that I might have gum disease? It is possible to have gum disease and not have any signs. This is why it is important to have regular dental checkups. You should see a dentist as soon as possible if you have any of these signs because they could mean you have gum disease: • Your gums bleed when you brush your teeth. • Your gums are red, swollen, or painful. • You have gums that have pulled away from your teeth. • You have bad breath or a bad taste in your mouth that doesn’t go away. • Your teeth are loose or are moving apart from each other. • The way your teeth fit together when you bite has changed. How does pregnancy affect my gums and teeth? Hormone changes during pregnancy can cause gingivitis. This pregnancy gingivitis usually goes away after your baby is born. Pregnant women may also be more likely to have cavities. It is important for all pregnant women to brush their teeth with a fluoride toothpaste twice a day and floss once a day. When you vomit (throw up) frommorning sickness, stomach acids get on your teeth. After you vomit, rinsing your mouth out and waiting to brush your teeth can help keep the acids from hurting your teeth. You can rinse your mouth with water or with 1 cup of water that has 1 teaspoon of baking soda mixed in it. Wait about 30 minutes after rinsing your mouth to brush your teeth. How does gum disease affect pregnancy? Having gum disease can affect your baby and you. Gum disease may increase the chance that your baby will be born small and/or born early. Your chance of having blood pressure problems and gestational diabetes may also be higher if you have gum disease. Can I have dental care while I am pregnant? Seeing your dentist is safe during pregnancy. It is also important for the health of you and your baby. Teeth cleaning, dental x-rays, and most dental treatments can all be done when you are pregnant. • Make sure your dentist knows that you are pregnant. If medications for infection or pain are needed, your dentist can prescribe ones that are safe for you and your baby. • Tell your dentist about any changes in your mouth, teeth, or gums you have noticed since you became pregnant. • It is safe to have numbing medicine if you need to have a cavity filled or other dental treatment while you are pregnant. • X-rays that are just to check on your teeth are often avoided in pregnancy. If you have a problem with your teeth or mouth, it is fine to have an x-ray. Your body should be covered with a lead apron to protect you and your baby. (Table presented.) Flesch-Kincaid Grade Level: 6.0 ApprovedDecember 2020. This handout replaces “Dental Care in Pregnancy” published in Volume 59,Number 1, January/February 2014 and “Oral Health: Keeping Your Mouth Clean and Healthy” published in Volume 56, Number 2, March/April 2011. © 2021 by the American College of Nurse‐Midwives.
Association of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes with Risk of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in Postmenopausal Women; Importance: Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) may have unique risk factors in women. Most women have a history of pregnancy; common adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) appear to be associated with ASCVD, but prior studies have limitations. Objective: To assess whether APOs are associated with increased ASCVD risk independently of traditional risk factors. Design, Setting, and Participants: The APO history among participants in the Women's Health Initiative, a large multiethnic cohort of postmenopausal women, was assessed. The associations of 5 self-reported APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, low birth weight [ie, birth weight less than 2.49 kg], high birth weight [ie, birth weight greater than 4.08 kg], and preterm delivery by 3 weeks or more) with ASCVD were analyzed, adjusting for traditional ASCVD risk factors. Data were collected and analyzed in 2017. Exposures: APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, low birth weight, high birth weight, and preterm delivery). Main Outcomes and Measures: Adjudicated ASCVD. Results: A total of 48113 Women's Health Initiative participants responded to the survey; the median (interquartile range) age at time of enrollment was 60.0 (55.0-64.0) years. A total of 13482 participants (28.8%) reported 1 or more APOs. Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease was more frequent in women who reported an APO compared with those without APOs (1028 of 13 482 [7.6%] vs 1758 of 30 522 [5.8%]). Each APO, analyzed separately, was significantly associated with ASCVD, and gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, low birth weight, and preterm delivery remained significant after adjustment for traditional ASCVD risk factors. When all APOs were analyzed together, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio, 1.27; 95% CI, 1.15-1.40) and low birth weight (odds ratio, 1.12; 95% CI, 1.00-1.26) remained independently associated with ASCVD. All findings were materially unchanged by additional adjustment for parity, body mass index, and socioeconomic factors. Conclusions and Relevance: In this large multiethnic cohort of women, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and low birth weight were independently associated with ASCVD after adjustment for risk factors and other APOs. © 2020 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Maternal and Perinatal Outcome of Maternal Obesity at RSCM in 2014-2019; Obesity is a pandemic found in many countries. It is estimated that, in 2025, more than 21% of women in the world will suffer from obesity and its number keeps increasing yearly. Obesity in pregnancy is one of the important challenges in obstetric services given the prevalence and potential adverse effects on the mother and fetus. Obese women have a higher risk of developing gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, venous thromboembolism, postpartum hemorrhage, cesarean delivery, and maternal death. The aim of this research is to determine the prevalence of maternal and perinatal complication in various obesity grades. This research was an observational descriptive study using the cross-sectional design. The inclusion criterion is obese pregnant women whose delivery was done in Dr. Cipto Mangunkusumo National General Hospital (RSCM) from 2014 to 2019. The exclusion criterion in this study is the incomplete medical record. A total of 111 subjects were included in the study. Obesity grades in this study were based on World Health Organization (WHO) obesity, divided into 3 classifications which are obese I (30-34.9 kg/m2), obese II (35-39.9 kg/m2), and obese III (≥40 kg/m2). Maternal outcomes in this study were birth method, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and premature rupture of membrane (PROM). Perinatal outcomes in this study were preterm birth, birth weight, APGAR score, and postdelivery neonatal care. In this study, obese patients had a mean age of 31.23 years, mean gravida 2, parity 1, and abortion 0. Most of these patients used an intrauterine device (IUD) for family planning (74.8%). There were no differences in age, parity status, and family planning methods in each group of patients with different body mass index (p>0.05). Maternal characteristics are the majority of deliveries performed cesarean delivery (86.5%), cases of diabetes mellitus are more common in obese I patients (50%), preeclampsia is more prevalent in obese grade II patients (34,4%), and premature rupture of membranes (PROM) is more common in patients with obese II (52,4%). However, there was no difference in the prevalence of maternal outcomes between groups. There was a median gestational age of 37 weeks in all obesity grades, the highest percentage of preterm births owned by obese II patients (32,6%), the mean birth weight of babies tends to increase along with the weighting of the body mass index group, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) treatment rooms were mostly occupied from mother with obese II groups (18%). There was no difference in the first-minute and fifth-minute APGAR scores between study groups (p>0.05). There were no differences in perinatal outcomes between groups. There were no significant differences in maternal and perinatal outcomes prevalence between different obesity grades. However, the rate of maternal and perinatal complications in obese women is higher than the normal population, thus requiring sophisticated prevention and approach toward handling the pregnancy.  © 2021 Junita Indarti et al.
Cardiovascular Care for Pregnant Women With Cardiovascular Disease; Background: Cardio-obstetrics refers to a team-based approach to maternal care that includes multidisciplinary collaboration among maternal fetal medicine, cardiology, and others. Objectives: This study sought to describe clinical characteristics, maternal and fetal outcomes, and cardiovascular readmissions in a cohort of pregnant women with underlying cardiovascular disease (CVD) followed by a cardio-obstetrics team. Methods: We identified patients evaluated by our cardio-obstetrics team from January 1, 2010, through December 31, 2019, at a quaternary care hospital in New York City. Information was collected regarding demographics, comorbidities, underlying CVD, medications, maternal and fetal outcomes, and cardiovascular readmissions. Each patient was assigned a Cardiac Disease in Pregnancy (CARPREG) II score based on her clinical characteristics and underlying CVD. Results: During the study period, 306 pregnant women (median age 29 years, 52.9% Hispanic or Latino) with CVD were seen. Most women (74.2%) were insured through Medicaid. The most common forms of CVD included arrhythmia (n = 88, 28.8%), congenital heart disease (n = 72, 23.5%), and cardiomyopathy (n = 72, 23.5%). The median CARPREG II score was 3; 130 patients (42.5%) had a CARPREG II score ≥4. Gestational diabetes occurred in 11.4%, gestational hypertension in 9.5%, and preeclampsia in 12.1% of women. Intensive care unit admission was required for 27 patients (8.8%) during delivery. Median gestational age for delivery was 38 weeks (interquartile range: 37 to 39). Live birth occurred in 98% of pregnancies. One maternal death occurred within a year of delivery in a woman with Eisenmenger syndrome. Following delivery, 30-day readmission rate was 2% and the rate of readmission from 30 to 90 days postpartum was 4.6%. Median follow-up was 2.6 years. Conclusions: In a population of primarily Medicaid-insured pregnant women managed by a cardio-obstetrics team, maternal outcomes were encouraging and readmission rates following delivery were low. Prospective studies are needed to evaluate the impact of cardio-obstetric models of care on maternal outcomes. © 2020 American College of Cardiology Foundation
Gender bias in cardiovascular disease prevention, detection, and management, with specific reference to coronary artery disease; Even though cardiovascular disease (CVD) kills more women than men each year and remains a leading cause of death in women, it is a common misconception that women are less likely to develop CVD. Considerable sex difference exists between men and women with regard to prevention, investigations, and management of CVD. Coronary artery disease (CAD) is a major contributor to CVD morbidity and mortality and hence is specifically addressed in this article. With an explosive increase in the incidence of conventional risk factors for coronary artery disease in India, there has been an alarming increase in women's coronary events as much as men. A false sense of gender-based protection by estrogen leads to less aggressive and late prevention or management strategies that contribute to women's CAD. Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is an important contributor to future development of CAD and is also an indicator for earlier interventions for prevention. Due to physical inactivity and central obesity, MetS is more prevalent in women, especially postmenopausal. With estrogen loss, menopause marks a critical cardiovascular biological transition, with a significantly increased CVD risk in women aged >55 years. Certain female-specific risk factors, such as history of polycystic ovarian syndrome, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and gestational diabetes, also seem to play an essential role in the development of CVD in later life. Certain vascular and biological factors, such as smaller coronary vessel size, higher prevalence of small vessel disease, and lesser development of collateral flow, also play an important role. This review article is an attempt to provide important information on gender differences in CVD with specific emphasis on CAD. © 2021 Wolters Kluwer Medknow Publications. All rights reserved.
Kickboxing a cardiomyopathy: Mitochondrial sequencing provides answer for young athlete and her family; Mitochondrial diseases are rare, often go undiagnosed and can lead to devastating cascades of multisystem organ dysfunction. This report of a young woman with hearing loss and gestational diabetes illustrates a novel presentation of a cardiomyopathy caused by a previously described mutation in a mitochondrial gene, MT-TL1. She initially had biventricular heart dysfunction and ventricular arrhythmia that ultimately recovered with beta blockade and time. She continues to participate in sport without decline. It is important to keep mitochondrial diseases in the differential diagnosis and understand the testing and management strategies in order to provide the best patient care.  © BMJ Publishing Group Limited 2020. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Outcomes of pregnancies in patients with Gaucher Disease: The experience of a center of excellence on rare metabolic Disease-Gaucher Disease, in Greece; Objective: Pregnancy is reported to exacerbate manifestations in women with Gaucher Disease (GD). The objective of our study was to examine the outcome of pregnancies of Caucasian women with GD in a Greek Center of Excellence on GD. Study design: Fifteen GD women were enrolled. All data were collected by questionnaire: fertility, normal pregnancies, spontaneous-elective-therapeutic abortions, maternal -neonatal status, birth weight and chromosomal abnormalities. Results: Forty-one pregnancies were reported among 15 women: mean conception age (±SD) 27.7 ± 5.8years (range 17–42years). Thirty-seven conceptions were spontaneous, 4 were after in vitro fertilization (IVF). Twenty three out of the 41 (56.1 %) pregnancies were normal. Eleven out of the 41 (26.8 %) pregnancies resulted in spontaneous abortions, 3 out of 41 (7.3 %) in elective and 3 out of 41 (7.3 %) in therapeutic abortions. Therapeutic abortions were due to worsening of GD manifestations, fetal chromosomal abnormalities and GD type 2 embryo. Nine out of 15 women had maternal complications: gestational diabetes, splenomegaly, hepatomegaly, thrombocytopenia, osteoporosis and postpartum hemorrhage. Twenty three out of the 41 pregnancies resulted in live births. Nine out of the 23 (39.1 %) deliveries were caesarian sections and 14 out of 23 (60.9 %) were vaginal. The total number of neonates was 24 (14 females / 10 males). Mean gestational age on delivery (± SD) was 35.9 ± 3.1 weeks (range 26−38 w). Average female birth weight (±SD) was 2671.4 ± 851.6 g (range 900−4100 grams) and male was 3333 ± 996.4 g (range 1930−4700 grams). Nine out of 24 (37.5 %) neonates had low birth weight. Average low birth weight (±SD) was 1931.1 ± 420.52 g (range 900−2300 grams). Twenty out of the 24 (83.3 %) neonates were healthy. Four out of 24 neonates had neonatal complications: two neonates had GD type 1, one had GD type 3 and one neonate died two days after delivery (it was born at 26 weeks). Four neonates were hospitalized in incubators at the intensive neonatal care unit due to low birth weight. Thirty-nine women did not receive enzyme replacement therapy for GD during pregnancy, while, in two pregnancies, treatment was discontinued during the first trimester and re-administered after that. Mean first menarche age (±SD) was 13.6 ± 0.7 years. Thirteen out of 15 women were menopausal, mean menopausal age (± SD) 466 ± 2.6 years. Conclusion: Most of GD women experience uncomplicated pregnancies and deliver normal, healthy infants, although the rate of complications and the rate of abortions is high in this population. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Congenital Heart Disesase: A Retrospective Analysis from a Tertiary Referral Centre in Portugal; Background: Congenital heart disease is the leading cause of mortality among all congenital malformations. Objectives: To evaluate the incidence of congenital heart diseases in a central maternity hospital in Portugal from January 2003 to December 2018 and to determine survival in the first year of life. Methods: Retrospective analysis of newborns diagnosed with congenital heart diseases within 72 hours after birth. Malformations were divided according to pathophysiology. Cumulative survival analysis was performed by the Kaplan-Meier test. Stastical significance was set at p <0.05. Results: A total of 297 newborns with cardiac malformation was recorded among 47,198 live births (incidence of 6:1000), 16% associated with extra-cardiac disease. The most frequent congenital heart diseases were left-to-right shunt lesions (n = 216), followed by cyanotic (n = 41), acyanotic obstructive (n = 31) and miscellaneous (n = 9). Seventy (24%) patients had prenatal diagnosis, 88% of them cyanotic defects, and a positive association was found between prenatal diagnosis and mortality (p <0.001). Coarctation of the aorta was associated with gestational diabetes (p = 0.014). Atrial septal defect was more common in females (p = 0.02). Mortality rate due to heart disease was 3.4%. Patients with cyanotic disease, 99%, 97%, 97%, respectively, for patients with left-to-right shunt lesions, and 97%, 97%,97% for those with obstructive lesion cases. Conclusion: The incidence of congenital heart disease was 6:1000, mostly left-to-right shunt lesions. Heart disease accounted for only half of deaths, and cyanotic diseases have a high nonspecific mortality rate. © 2021, Sociedade Brasileira de Cardiologia. All rights reserved.
First trimester PAPP-A serum levels and long-term metabolic outcome of mothers and their offspring; Low maternal serum levels of pregnancy associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) are known to be associated with the development of pregnancy-related complications like small for gestational age infants, intrauterine fetal demise, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. The study aims to find possible long-term correlations with the development of metabolic and cardiovascular complications in the mothers and their progeny in later life. This is a retrospective cohort study conducted on consecutive unselected women screened for chromosomal anomalies in the first trimester of pregnancy between 2004 and 2010. PAPP-A values as well as clinical data collected at childbirth were considered. A maternal and neonatal follow-up was performed through a telephone interview with the mother during 2015. The body-mass-index and the presence of cardiovascular diseases, dyslipidaemia and diabetes mellitus were evaluated. The analysis included 988 patients. The median time of follow-up was 7 years (IQR 6–9). Lower first trimester maternal blood PAPP-A quartiles were associated with small stature of the offspring (z-score 1st-2nd quartile 0.37 IQR −0.42 and 1.17 vs 3rd-4th quartile 0.67 IQR −0.17 and 1.36, p < 0.05). Furthermore, low first trimester PAPP-A in pregnancy without other gestations following the index one, in Kaplan-Meier analysis was associated to a significant increase of hypoglycemic agents use at 7 and 10 years (respectively 1.12% CI.95 0–2.38% and 5.45% CI.95 0–10.82%) compared to the control group of high first trimester PAPP-A values (0% CI.95 0–0%) (p < 0.05). Low PAPP-A serum levels in the first trimester of pregnancy are associated with short stature in offspring and de-novo development of maternal diabetes mellitus in later life. © 2020, The Author(s).
Increased Fetal Cardiovascular Disease Risk: Potential Synergy Between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Maternal Hypercholesterolemia; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) remain a major cause of death worldwide. Evidence suggests that the risk for CVD can increase at the fetal stages due to maternal metabolic diseases, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and maternal supraphysiological hypercholes-terolemia (MSPH). GDM is a hyperglycemic, inflammatory, and insulin-resistant state that increases plasma levels of free fatty acids and triglycerides, impairs endothelial vascular tone regulation, and due to the increased nutrient transport, exposes the fetus to the altered metabolic conditions of the mother. MSPH involves increased levels of cholesterol (mainly as low-density lipoprotein cholesterol) which also causes endothelial dysfunction and alters nutrient transport to the fetus. De-spite that an association has already been established between MSPH and increased CVD risk, how-ever, little is known about the cellular processes underlying this relationship. Our knowledge is further obscured when the simultaneous presentation of MSPH and GDM takes place. In this context, GDM and MSPH may substantially increase fetal CVD risk due to synergistic impairment of placental nutrient transport and endothelial dysfunction. More studies on the separate and/or cumula-tive role of both processes are warranted to suggest specific treatment options. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
Clinical case of gestational diabetes insipidus; Diabetes insipidus is a rare endocrinological disease and occurs in 2–4 per 100,000 pregnancies. Diagnosis of gestational diabetes insipidus is very difficult because it develops against the background of physiological mechanisms that accompany pregnancy: thirst threshold decreases leading to polydipsia and plasma osmolarity decreases causing hypotonic polyuria. Understanding of pathophysiology of the disorder is very important for further management of these vulnerable patients. A 32-year-old patient at 36 weeks of gestation, primigravida, was referred to an endocrinologist with complaints of polyuria (6.5 l/day), nocturia — up to 5 times, severe polydipsia. At 12 weeks of gestation, there was a risk of abortion for prevention of which the patient received progesterone 100 mg intravaginally twice a day until 34 weeks. She has a history of subacute thyroiditis, with no family history of endocrine pathology. Physical examination revealed a decrease in skin turgor, blood pressure 110/85 mm Hg. Heart rate 115 bpm, weight 71 kg (body mass index 26.9 kg/m2). The patient was at high risk of developing preeclampsia. Laboratory data: analysis of urine according to Zimnitsky: volume per day — 6.8 l, specific gravity in portions: 1.012; 1.008; 1.010; 1.005; 1.012; 1.014; 1.010. Total blood count, total urine test, serum sodium and potassium, liver function tests, level of thyroid-stimulating hormone, free thyroxine, thyroid peroxidase antibodies and morning free cortisol level were normal. The patient was administered desmopressin 10 μg intranasally twice daily. Six weeks after delivery, desmopressin was stopped and she had no further evidence of polyuria, polydipsia or nocturia. © 2021. The Authors.
Sex Differences in Young Adults Who Experience Myocardial Infarction; Purpose of review: The purpose of this review is to highlight sex differences in presentation, underlying mechanisms, treatment, and outcomes in young adults with myocardial infarction (MI). Recent findings: In addition to traditional plaque rupture and plaque erosion, MI in young women can be caused by spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD), MI with nonobstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA), and type 2 MI. MINOCA is more common in young women compared with young men, has a different epidemiology, and is associated with non-traditional cardiovascular risk factors. Additionally, pregnancy-associated conditions (specifically pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth) and premature menopause are increasingly associated with adverse cardiovascular outcomes in young women and should be incorporated into risk assessments. Young women, when compared with young men, are more likely to have delays in the recognition and treatment of acute coronary syndrome, and are less likely to undergo timely coronary angiography and reperfusion. Additionally, rates of the use of guideline-directed medical therapy post-MI are lower for young women when compared with young men. Summary: Mechanisms of MI in young women include plaque rupture and erosion, as well as SCAD. Improving prompt recognition of acute coronary syndrome in women and closing the gap between women and men in peri- and post-MI care are key to improve outcomes in young women. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Erratum to: Dental care in pregnancy (Journal of Midwifery & Women's Health, (2014), 59, 1, (109-110), 10.1111/jmwh.12108); Why do I need to keep my teeth and gums clean? Keeping your teeth and gums clean is an important part of staying healthy. If you do not brush and floss your teeth regularly, a sticky film called plaque builds up on your teeth. Plaque has bacteria in it that can cause gum disease and cavities (little holes in your teeth). What is gum disease? Gum disease is an infection in the parts of your mouth that hold your teeth in place. Gum disease is also called periodontal disease. The beginning stage of gum disease is called gingivitis. People with gingivitis have swollen and red gums that may bleed easily when they brush their teeth. If gingivitis is not treated and gum disease gets worse, you can lose teeth and bone in your mouth. Having gum disease can cause problems in other parts of your body. You have a greater chance of having a stroke, heart problems, or a heart attack if you have gum disease. If you have diabetes and gum disease, it may be harder to control your blood sugar. What are the signs that I might have gum disease? It is possible to have gum disease and not have any signs. This is why it is important to have regular dental checkups. You should see a dentist as soon as possible if you have any of these signs because they could mean you have gum disease: • Your gums bleed when you brush your teeth. • Your gums are red, swollen, or painful. • You have gums that have pulled away from your teeth. • You have bad breath or a bad taste in your mouth that doesn’t go away. • Your teeth are loose or are moving apart from each other. • The way your teeth fit together when you bite has changed. How does pregnancy affect my gums and teeth? Hormone changes during pregnancy can cause gingivitis. This pregnancy gingivitis usually goes away after your baby is born. Pregnant women may also be more likely to have cavities. It is important for all pregnant women to brush their teeth with a fluoride toothpaste twice a day and floss once a day. When you vomit (throw up) frommorning sickness, stomach acids get on your teeth. After you vomit, rinsing your mouth out and waiting to brush your teeth can help keep the acids from hurting your teeth. You can rinse your mouth with water or with 1 cup of water that has 1 teaspoon of baking soda mixed in it. Wait about 30 minutes after rinsing your mouth to brush your teeth. How does gum disease affect pregnancy? Having gum disease can affect your baby and you. Gum disease may increase the chance that your baby will be born small and/or born early. Your chance of having blood pressure problems and gestational diabetes may also be higher if you have gum disease. Can I have dental care while I am pregnant? Seeing your dentist is safe during pregnancy. It is also important for the health of you and your baby. Teeth cleaning, dental x-rays, and most dental treatments can all be done when you are pregnant. • Make sure your dentist knows that you are pregnant. If medications for infection or pain are needed, your dentist can prescribe ones that are safe for you and your baby. • Tell your dentist about any changes in your mouth, teeth, or gums you have noticed since you became pregnant. • It is safe to have numbing medicine if you need to have a cavity filled or other dental treatment while you are pregnant. • X-rays that are just to check on your teeth are often avoided in pregnancy. If you have a problem with your teeth or mouth, it is fine to have an x-ray. Your body should be covered with a lead apron to protect you and your baby. (Table presented.) Flesch-Kincaid Grade Level: 6.0 ApprovedDecember 2020. This handout replaces “Dental Care in Pregnancy” published in Volume 59,Number 1, January/February 2014 and “Oral Health: Keeping Your Mouth Clean and Healthy” published in Volume 56, Number 2, March/April 2011. © 2021 by the American College of Nurse‐Midwives.
Association analysis in children born from normal and complicated pregnancies—cardiovascular disease associated micrornas and the incidence of prehypertension/hypertension, overweight/obesity, valve problems and heart defects; The goal was to assess how a history of any kind of pregnancy‐related complication altered expression profile of microRNAs played a role in the pathogenesis of diabetes, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases in the peripheral blood leukocytes of children at the age of 3–11 years. The prior exposure to gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm prelabor rupture of membranes or spontaneous preterm birth causes that a significant proportion of children (57.42% to 90.0% specifically) had a substantially altered microRNA expression profile, which might be the origin of a lifelong cardiovascular risk. A total of 23 out of 29 tested microRNAs were upregulated in children born from such complicated gestation. The occurrence of overweight, obesity, valve problems and heart defects even intensified upregulation of microRNAs already present in children exposed to such pregnancy complications. The occurrence of overweight/obesity (miR‐92a‐3p, and miR‐210‐3p) and valve problems or heart defects (miR‐342‐3p) induced microRNA upregulation in children affected with pregnancy complications. Overall, 42.86% overweight/obese children and 27.36% children with valve problems or heart defects had even higher microRNA levels than children with normal clinical findings after complicated pregnancies. In addition, the microRNA expression profile was also able to differentiate between children descending from normal gestation in relation to the occurrence of overweight and obesity. Screening on the base of the combination of 19 microRNAs identified 70.0% overweight/obese children at 90.0% specificity. In general, children after complicated pregnancies, just as children after normal pregnancies, with abnormal findings are at a higher risk of the onset of cardiovascular complications, and their dispensarization, with the aim to implement primary prevention strategies, would be beneficial. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Gestational periodontitis impact on the fetus and neonate; Maternal oral pathologies during pregnancy represent a controversial subject. The incidence of periodontal disease is approximatively 40% among pregnant women. Periodontal disease has been associated with several unfortunate outcomes; among them, the most important are cardiovascular disorders, respiratory infections, diabetes and Alzheimer's disease. Regarding mechanisms, bacteria enter the blood stream and cross the placenta or the inflammatory mediators can affect the fetoplacental unit or generate an increased inflammatory response with subsequent consequences on the fetus. The most disputed subjects concerning periodontal disease in pregnancy are related to the effects on the pregnancy outcome and the offspring, respectively the associations between maternal periodontal disease and small for gestational age, preeclampsia, arteriosclerosis, gestational diabetes and perinatal mortality. In order to improve neonatal outcome and ensure maternal oral health, we should assure that the necessary dental treatment is provided during the entire pregnancy, preferably between 14 and 20 gestational weeks. Moreover, women should be encouraged to received dental treatment preconceptionally. © 2021, Amaltea Medical Publishing House. All rights reserved.
Maternal prepregnancy weight and pregnancy outcomes in saudi women: Subgroup analysis from riyadh mother and baby cohort study (RAHMA); The objectives of this study were to estimate the prevalence of prepregnancy overweight/obesity and underweight among Saudi mothers and to determine the adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with them. Methods. This is a subgroup analysis from a Riyadh mother and baby cohort study. Participants were divided into four groups according to prepregnancy BMI. Participants with normal BMI were the reference group. Groups were compared in relation to pregnancy-related obstetric, as well as fetal and neonatal complications. A regression model was used to control for covariates, and adjusted odds ratios (AOR) with 95% Confidence Intervals (95% CI) were calculated. Results. A total of 7,029 women were included, 29.7% had normal BMI, 33.3% were overweight, 34.8% were obese, and 2.2% were underweight. Obesity was associated with increased odds of gestational diabetes (AOR 2.07, 95% CI 1.73-2.47), hypertensive events in pregnancy (AOR 2.33, 95% CI 1.19-3.91), induction of labour (IOL) (AOR 1.40, 95% CI, 1.19-1.65), failed IOL (AOR 2.13, 95% CI 1.40-3.25), and delivery by emergency caesarean section (CS) (AOR 1.67, 95% CI 1.39-2.01). Infants of obese women had increased odds of macrosomia (AOR 3.73, 95% CI 2.33-5.98). Overweight women had increased odds of CS delivery (AOR 1.25, 95% CI 1.03-1.5) and failed IOL (AOR 1.69, 95% CI 1.09- 2.60). Underweight women had increased odds of delivering a low birth weight (LBW) infant (AOR 2.49, 95% CI, 1.58-3.92). Conclusion. The prevalence of prepregnancy overweight and obesity is very high in Saudi Arabia. Prepregnancy obesity is associated with GDM and hypertensive events inpregnancy, IOL, failed IOL, and CS delivery. Infants of obese mothers were at higher risk of macrosomia, while underweight women were at increased risk of delivering LBW infants. Copyright © 2021 Hayfaa Wahabi et al.
Risk factors during first 1,000 days of life for carotid intima-media thickness in infants, children, and adolescents: A systematic review with meta-analyses; Background The first 1,000 days of life, i.e., from conception to age 2 years, could be a critical period for cardiovascular health. Increased carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) is a surrogate marker of atherosclerosis. We performed a systematic review with meta-analyses to assess (1) the relationship between exposures or interventions in the first 1,000 days of life and CIMT in infants, children, and adolescents; and (2) the CIMT measurement methods. Methods and findings Systematic searches of Medical Literature Analysis and Retrieval System Online (MEDLINE), Excerpta Medica database (EMBASE), and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) were performed from inception to March 2019. Observational and interventional studies evaluating factors at the individual, familial, or environmental levels, for instance, size at birth, gestational age, breastfeeding, mode of conception, gestational diabetes, or smoking, were included. Quality was evaluated based on study methodological validity (adjusted Newcastle–Ottawa Scale if observational; Cochrane collaboration risk of bias tool if interventional) and CIMT measurement reliability. Estimates from bivariate or partial associations that were least adjusted for sex were used for pooling data across studies, when appropriate, using random-effects meta-analyses. The research protocol was published and registered on the International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews (PROSPERO; CRD42017075169). Of 6,221 reports screened, 50 full-text articles from 36 studies (34 observational, 2 interventional) totaling 7,977 participants (0 to 18 years at CIMT assessment) were retained. Children born small for gestational age had increased CIMT (16 studies, 2,570 participants, pooled standardized mean difference (SMD): 0.40 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.15 to 0.64, p: 0.001), I2: 83%). When restricted to studies of higher quality of CIMT measurement, this relationship was stronger (3 studies, 461 participants, pooled SMD: 0.64 (95% CI: 0.09 to 1.19, p: 0.024), I2: 86%). Only 1 study evaluating small size for gestational age was rated as high quality for all methodological domains. Children conceived through assisted reproductive technologies (ART) (3 studies, 323 participants, pooled SMD: 0.78 (95% CI: −0.20 to 1.75, p: 0.120), I2: 94%) or exposed to maternal smoking during pregnancy (3 studies, 909 participants, pooled SMD: 0.12 (95% CI: −0.06 to 0.30, p: 0.205), I2: 0%) had increased CIMT, but the imprecision around the estimates was high. None of the studies evaluating these 2 factors was rated as high quality for all methodological domains. Two studies evaluating the effect of nutritional interventions starting at birth did not show an effect on CIMT. Only 12 (33%) studies were at higher quality across all domains of CIMT reliability. The degree of confidence in results is limited by the low number of high-quality studies, the relatively small sample sizes, and the high between-study heterogeneity. © 2020 Epure et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Role of fetal echocardiography in morphologic and functional assessment of fetal heart in diabetic mothers; Background: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is the commonest medical disorder faced during pregnancy and it includes type I, type II, and gestational diabetes. It may predispose to various complications including fetus malformation, macrosomia, spontaneous abortion, stillbirth, neonatal death, and intrauterine growth retardation. Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) is one of the common anomalies depicted with diabetes. Fetal cardiac function analysis might provide important information on the hemodynamic status and cardiac adaptation to different perinatal complications. Results: The mean septal thickness in the diabetic group was 0.7163 ± 0.1746 cm and 0.4989 ± 0.08068 cm in the control group. The mean myocardial thickness of the right ventricular free wall in the diabetic group was 0.6532 ± 0.13792 cm and 0.4874 ± 0.07482 cm in the control group. The mean myocardial thickness of the left ventricular free wall in the diabetic group was 0.6437 ± 0.13421 cm and 0.4737 ± 0.07573 cm in the control group. The mean value of myocardial performance index (Tie Index) in the diabetic group was 0.6232 ± 0.15606 and 0.4626 ± 0.04357 in the control group. Conclusion: From our study, we can conclude that prenatal complete echocardiographic study should be mandatory in fetuses of diabetic mothers due to high risk of congenital heart defects and onset of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with fetal cardiac function impairment in the third trimester. Early diagnosis of congenital heart defects as well as evidence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and fetal cardiac function impairment that occurs in fetuses of maternal diabetes will definitely guide prompt postnatal therapy and care for those neonates. © 2020, The Author(s).
Mediterranean diets and diabetes; Mediterranean diets (MDs) are recommended by some authorities for the prevention and management of diabetes, although there is some confusion about the definition and components of MDs. This narrative review explores the definition role of MDs in diabetes. Meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies and randomised controlled trials reported that MD was effective for the prevention of type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes (GDM). In the management of type 2 diabetes, MD significantly improved glycaemic control and reduced body weight and cardiovascular disease risk. There was insufficient evidence for prevention or management of type 1 diabetes in adults or children and for the management of GDM. Copyright © 2021 John Wiley & Sons. Copyright © 2021 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Pregnancy Following Heart Transplantation: A Single Centre Case Series and Review of the Literature; Background: Maternal and fetal outcomes of pregnancy amongst cardiac transplant recipients are limited in the current literature. Methods: We describe five pregnancies in three cardiac transplant recipients managed between a tertiary centre for obstetric medicine and an associated state-wide transplant centre between 2014-2018, and provide a narrative review of the literature. Results: Pre-conception counselling was undertaken. There were no recent rejection episodes and all women demonstrated good baseline cardiac function. Median maternal age was 27 years (range 23-38 yrs.). Median time from transplantation to pregnancy was 5 years (range 2-14 yrs.). All women were managed with modified immunosuppressant regimens and multidisciplinary care. Cardiac function, tacrolimus levels and renal function were closely monitored with frequent monitoring for common complications of pregnancy. There were no maternal or fetal deaths. There was no evidence of graft rejection and no deterioration in cardiac function. Tacrolimus doses were increased to maintain therapeutic targets. Gestational diabetes occurred in three women and cholestasis of pregnancy occurred in one. Each infant was delivered by vaginal delivery. One mother had postpartum haemorrhage in both pregnancies. Pre-eclampsia did not occur. Median gestation at delivery was 37 weeks (range 35+4-40+5 days) with two preterm deliveries. One (1) infant was born with low birth weight. One (1) infant had jaundice requiring phototherapy. All infants were breastfed. Conclusion: Pregnancy in transplant recipients confers risk to the mother and fetus. Pre-conception counselling, immunosuppressant tailoring and regular monitoring are paramount to avoid rejection and possible teratogenic complications. Favourable pregnancy outcomes are achievable with specialist multidisciplinary care. © 2020
Environmental and Genetic Risk Factors of Congenital Anomalies: An Umbrella Review of Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses; Background: The prevalence of congenital anomalies in newborns in South Korea was 272.9 per 100,000 in 2005, and 314.7 per 100,000 in 2006. In other studies, the prevalence of congenital anomalies in South Korea was equivalent to 286.9 per 10,000 livebirths in 2006, while it was estimated 446.3 per 10,000 births during the period from 2008 to 2014. Several systematic reviews and meta-analyses analyzing the factors contributing to congenital anomalies have been reported, but comprehensive umbrella reviews are lacking. Methods: We searched PubMed, Google Scholar, Cochrane, and EMBASE databases up to July 1, 2019, for systematic reviews and meta-analyses that investigated the effects of environmental and genetic factors on any type of congenital anomalies. We categorized 8 subgroups of congenital anomalies classified according to the 10th revision of the International Statistical Classification of Diseases (ICD-10). Two researchers independently searched the literature, retrieved the data, and evaluated the quality of each study. Results: We reviewed 66 systematic reviews and meta-analyses that investigated the association between non-genetic or genetic risk factors and congenital anomalies. Overall, 269 associations and 128 associations were considered for environmental and genetic risk factors, respectively. Congenital anomalies based on congenital heart diseases, cleft lip and palate, and others were associated with environmental risk factors based on maternal exposure to environmental exposures (air pollution, toxic chemicals), parental smoking, maternal history (infectious diseases during pregnancy, pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus, and gestational diabetes mellitus), maternal obesity, maternal drug intake, pregnancy through artificial reproductive technologies, and socioeconomic factors. The association of maternal alcohol or coffee consumption with congenital anomalies was not significant, and maternal folic acid supplementation had a preventive effect on congenital heart defects. Genes or genetic loci associated with congenital anomalies included MTHFR, MTRR and MTR, GATA4, NKX2-5, SRD5A2, CFTR, and 1p22 and 20q12 anomalies. Conclusion: This study provides a wide perspective on the distribution of environmental and genetic risk factors of congenital anomalies, thus suggesting future studies and providing health policy implications. © 2021 The Korean Academy of Medical Sciences. This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/) which permits unrestricted non-commercial use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.
Ideal cardiovascular health and vascular phenotype associations in mothers with obesity and their six-year-old children; Background: Heredity and family-shared lifestyle contribute to cardiovascular risk, but the magnitude of their influence on arterial structure and function in early childhood is unknown. We aimed to assess associations between child and maternal ideal cardiovascular health, maternal subclinical atherosclerosis, and child arterial phenotype. Methods: Cross-sectional analysis of 201 mother-child pairs originating from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL) longitudinal cohort was done at child age 6.1 ± 0.5 years with assessments of ideal cardiovascular health (BMI, blood pressure, fasting glucose, total cholesterol, diet quality, physical activity, smoking), body composi-tion, very-high frequency ultrasound of carotid arteries (25 and 35 MHz), and pulse wave velocity. Results: We found no association between child and maternal ideal cardiovascular health but report evidence of particular metrics correlations: total cholesterol (r=0.24, P=0.003), BMI (r=0.17, P=0.02), diastolic blood pressure (r=0.15, P=0.03), and diet quality (r=0.22, P=0.002). Child arterial phenotype was not associated with child or maternal ideal cardiovascular health. In the multivariable regression explanatory model adjusted for child sex, age, systolic blood pressure, lean body mass, and body fat percentage, child carotid intima-media thickness was independently associated only with maternal carotid intima-media thickness (0.1 mm increase [95% CI 0.05, 0.21, P=0.001] for each 1 mm increase in maternal carotid intima-media thickness). Children of mothers with subclini-cal atherosclerosis had decreased carotid artery distensibility (1.1 ± 0.2 vs 1.2 ± 0.2%/10 mmHg, P=0.01) and trend toward increased carotid intima-media thickness (0.37 ± 0.04 vs 0.35 ± 0.04 mm, P=0.06). Conclusion: Ideal Cardiovascular Health metrics are heterogeneously associated in mother-child pairs in early childhood. We found no evidence of child or maternal Ideal Cardiovascular Health effect on child arterial phenotype. Maternal carotid intima-media thickness predicts child carotid intima-media thickness, but the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Maternal subclinical atherosclerosis is associated with local carotid arterial stiffness in early childhood. © 2021 Litwin et al.
Nutritional modulators of preconceptional and perinatal factors for primordial prevention of non-communicable diseases: the role of a millet-based diet rich in functional foods; Malnutrition in all its forms includes undernutrition (wasting, stunting, underweight), inadequate vitamins or minerals, overweight, obesity, and resulting diet-related non-communicable diseases (NCDs). It should be emphasized that 1.9 billion adults are overweight or obese, while 462 million are underweight, indicating a double burden of NCDs. One-third of pregnant women and infants have been found to have undernutrition and infections. The increased prevalence of malnutrition is characterized by an increased intake of Western style diets and a decrease in physical activity in association with high consumption of tobacco and alcohol among fathers and mothers. The presence of these risk factors during the preconception period among fathers and mothers has been found to cause increased risk of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia during pregnancy and fetal malnutrition with epigenetic damage to the fetus and increased risk of insulin resistance in the newborn. Western-type diets are characterized by lack of food diversity, a poor nutrient profile, and a high glycemic index with high contents of salt, sugar, and trans fat, which are known to have adverse effects. Increased consumption of such foods during the transition from food scarcity (famine or poverty) to affluence results in the emergence of cardiometabolic diseases (CMDs) and other chronic diseases. Consideration of a millet-based Indo-Mediterranean style diet for nutritional modulation of preconceptional and perinatal factors may be important for health of the fetus and mother and for prevention of cardiovascular diseases and other chronic diseases in later life. Recently, treatment with a millet-based intervention diet (N=60) for 12 weeks was associated with a significant decline in cardiometabolic risk factors, including inflammation in CMDs. Underlying these beneficial effects, all subjects received an 11-fold greater amount of millet-based, whole-grain-rich diet, which increased from mean 21.36±3.8 to 235.20±23.6g/day (P<.0001). Among females (N=33) there was a significant increase in hemoglobin and serum calcium and magnesium, indicating that millet-based diet can also prevent undernutrition. It is possible that a millet-based whole-grain-rich Indo-Mediterranean diet may be advised to fathers and mothers during the preconception period and during pregnancy and to the general population because such diets have been found to cause a significant decline in CMD risk factors as well as undernutrition among subjects with a double burden of diseases. WHO has also accepted a “life-course approach” to be important for achieving the population health goals of the United Nations 2030 Agenda, for Sustainable Development Goals. © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Do Women with Diabetes Need More Intensive Action for Cardiovascular Reduction than Men with Diabetes?; Purpose of Review: This narrative review makes the case for greater efforts to reduce cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in women with diabetes. Recent Findings: In a recent meta-analysis including five CVOTs of diabetes medications with 46,606 subjects, women (vs men) with type 2 diabetes had a higher relative risk for stroke (RR 1.28; 95% CI 1.09, 1.50) and heart failure (1.30; 1.21, 1.40). Prior studies found higher “within-gender” RR for CVD mortality in women with diabetes although men have an absolute higher risk. Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 2-fold higher CVD risk than the background population. Worse CVD and CVD risk factor management in women, as well as lower female therapy adherence, contribute further to these disparities. Summary: The mechanism behind this excess risk includes biological, hormonal, socioeconomic, clinical, and behavioral factors that still require further investigation. The need for more intensive CVD reduction in women now includes more attention to screening for both incident diabetes and CVD risk factors among high-risk women. © 2020, The Author(s).
Astaxanthin alleviates gestational diabetes mellitus in mice through suppression of oxidative stress; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects 7% of pregnant women worldwide, which increases the risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease for both the mother and the fetus. Natural compound Astaxanthin has been reported to have benefits in obesity and diabetes. A pregnant C57BL/KsJ db/+ mouse was used as a genetic GDM model to investigate the effect of Astaxanthin on GDM symptoms and reproductive outcomes. Blood glucose, plasma insulin, glucose intolerance, insulin sensitivity, biochemical indexes of plasma, and the liver were measured; Nrf2 and HO-1 protein levels were detected by Western blotting. Astaxanthin significantly alleviated the glucose intolerance and β cell insufficiency, inhibited in vivo oxidative stress, enhanced the activity of antioxidant enzymes, and improved reproductive outcomes. Mechanistically, the effect of Astaxanthin was mediated by restoring the Nrf2/HO-1 antioxidant pathway in the liver of GDM mice. Our findings supported that Astaxanthin was a potential therapeutic reagent for not only diabetes but also GDM symptomology. © 2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Effect of alpha-lipoic acid supplementation on the lipid profile and lipid ratios in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A clinical trial study; Background: Evidence suggests that Oxidative stress has been shown to plays an important role in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) etiology. On the other hand, women with GDM are at an increased risk for complications such as endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular diseases. Objective: To investigate the effects of alpha-lipoic acid (ALA) on the maternal circulating values of lipid profile and lipid ratios in women with GDM. Materials and Methods: Sixty women with GDM were participated in the present study. The ALA group (n = 30) received ALA (100 mg/day) and the placebo group (n = 30) received cellulose acetate (100 mg/day) for eight wk. The maternal circulating values of hemoglobin A1C, triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), non-HDL-C, and lipid ratios were assessed before and after the intervention. P-value < 0.05 was considered as statistically significant. Results: The values of TyG index (p < 0.001), TG (p = 0.006), TG/HDL-C (p = 0.003), and AIP (p = 0.005) decreased significantly in the ALA group after the intervention. Conclusion: Maternal circulating values of TyG index, TG, TG/HDL, AIP decreased after eight wk of ALA supplementation in women with GDM. © Aslfalah et al.
Evaluation framework for selecting wearable activity monitors for research; Background: Wearable devices that support activity tracking and other measurements hold great potential to increase awareness of health behaviors and support the management of chronic health conditions. There is a scarcity of guidance for researchers of all disciplines when planning new studies to evaluate and select technologies appropriate for study purpose, population, and overall context. The aim of this study was to develop and test an evaluation framework to rapidly and systematically evaluate and select consumer-grade wearable devices that serve individual study needs in preparation for evaluations with target populations. Methods: The wearable evaluation framework was defined based on published literature and past research experiences of the research team. We tested the framework with example case studies to select devices for two different research projects focused on aging-in-place and gestational diabetes. We show how knowledge of target population and research goals help prioritize application of the criteria to inform device selection and how project requirements inform sequence of criteria application. Results: The framework for wearable device evaluation includes 27 distinct evaluation criteria: 12 for everyday use by users, 6 on device functionality, and 9 on infrastructure for developing the research infrastructure required to obtain the data. We evaluated 10 devices from four vendors. After prioritizing the framework criteria based on the two example case studies, we selected the Withings Steele HR, Garmin Vivosmart HR+ and Garmin Forerunner 35 for further evaluation through user studies with the target populations. Conclusions: The aim of this paper was to develop and test a framework for researchers to rapidly evaluate suitability of consumer grade wearable devices for specific research projects. The use of this evaluation framework is not intended to identify a definitive single best device, but to systematically narrow the field of potential device candidates for testing with target study populations. Future work will include application of the framework within different research projects for further refinement. © mHealth
Neonatal outcomes in case of euglycemic control in gestational diabetes using insulin vs. metformin: Randomized controlled trial; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major global public health issue, with prevalence increasing in recent years due to the epidemic of obesity and type 2 diabetes. Aim of the Work: To compare different neonatal outcomes according to the different treatment modalities used in the management of GDM. Our hypothesis was that Metformin is as effective and safe as insulin in patients with gestational diabetes. Patients and Methods: The current non inferiority-Randomized controlled trial was conducted at Ain Shams Maternity hospital between June 2020 to February 2021. The study included 140 outpatient cases or admitted patients for antenatal care: Group A: Women were given Metformin (Total 70) and Group B: Women were given insulin. (Total 70). Results: There was no significant difference between Metformin and Insulin groups regarding age, enrolment BMI, parity and family history of DM. There was no significant difference between Metformin and Insulin groups regarding gestational age at enrolment and delivery as well as pregnancy duration after intervention. BMI at delivery, BMI increase as well as BMI increase rate were significantly lower in Metformin group. There were no significant differences between Metformin and Insulin groups regarding fasting, two-hour postprandial and HbA1c blood glucose at enrollment and throughout treatment as well as their reduction after intervention. Maternal complications as hypoglycemia, hyperglycemia and preeclampsia were non-significantly less frequent among Metformin group than among Insulin group. Compliance to treatment was significantly more frequent among Metformin group than among Insulin group. Cesarean delivery was non-significantly less frequent among Metformin group than among Insulin group. There was no significant difference between Metformin and Insulin regarding birth weight APGAR-1, but APGAR-5 was significantly higher in Metformin group. Neonatal complications as IUFD, IUGR, macrosomia, congenital anomalies, neonatal hypoglycemia, respiratory distress and NICU admission were non-significantly less frequent among Metformin group. Conclusions: From the results of current study we can conclude that: Oral metformin was effective as insulin injection in control and management of GDM. BMI was controlled with oral metformin better than insulin injection. Maternal and neonatal complications specially birth weight were the same with both types of treatment. Women had better compliance to metformin treatment. Type of delivery wasn’t affected by type of treatment. © GinPolMedProject.
Pregnancy outcomes among leukemia survivors: a population-based study on 14.5 million births; Purpose: Leukemia is the most common cancer among children and young adults and an increasing number of affected patients can expect a full recovery and long-term survival. The study objective was to determine the prevalence of leukemia survivors among pregnant women and to examine the maternal and fetal outcomes of this population. Materials and methods: We conducted a retrospective population-based cohort study on all births recorded in the Health–Care Cost and Utilization Project–Nationwide Inpatient Sample between 1999 and 2014. We measured the prevalence of leukemia survivors in pregnancy and performed multivariate logistic regression to calculate adjusted odds ratios for maternal and fetal outcomes among this group compared to a nonaffected one. Results: Our cohort consisted of 14,513,587 births, of which 1,269 were to women with a history of leukemia or leukemia in remission, corresponding to a prevalence of 8.74 per 100,000 births. The prevalence rose steadily over the 16-year study period. Pregnant women who were leukemia survivors were more likely to experience gestational diabetes (OR 1.36, 95% CI 1.08–1.70), threatened preterm labor (1.50, 1.09–2.08), venous thromboembolism (4.40, 2.86–6.78), and to require blood transfusions (1.89, 1.24–2.88). Preterm deliveries (1.25, 1.02–1.54) and congenital anomalies (2.32, 1.39–3.86) among their newborns were also more common. Conclusion: The prevalence of leukemia survivors among pregnant women has been steadily rising. While the disease may no longer be active during their pregnancy, leukemia survivors appeared to have increased risks of several adverse outcomes and as such, should be monitored closely in centers with access to specialized care. © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) on Pregnancy/Neonatal Outcomes and Maternal Glycemic Control: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomized Clinical Trials; Background & objective: No systematic review to date has appraised the impact of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on maternal glycemic control and pregnancy outcomes. Thus, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials (RCTs) to ascertain whether the DASH diet in pregnant women ameliorates their glycemic control and neonatal outcomes when compared to standard diets. Methods: We performed a comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis of RCTs on PubMed/MEDLINE, Web of Science, SCOPUS, and Embase from the inception until October 2019. Results: Six studies met the eligibility criteria and were included in the quantitative meta-analysis. The pregnant women had cardiometabolic disorders such as gestational diabetes, obesity, and hypertension. The meta-analysis suggested a significant effect of DASH diet on fasting plasma levels of glucose (WMD = -6.239 mg/dl; 95% CI: -11.915, -0.563, p = 0.031), but not for the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (WMD = -1.038; 95% CI: -2.704, 0.627, p = 0.22). Following the DASH diet during pregnancy decreased the risk of gestational preeclampsia (RR = 0.667; 95% CI: 0.451, 0.987, p = 0.043), macrosomia (birth weight >4000 g) (RR = 0.294; 95% CI: 0.120, 0.721, p = 0.043), and large for gestational age (RR = 0.452; 95% CI: 0.211, 0.969, p = 0.041). Consuming DASH diet during pregnancy neither increased nor decreased the risk of cesarean section, polyhydramnios, preterm birth (<37 weeks), and small for gestational age. The mean newborn head circumference (cm) (WMD = -0.807; 95% CI: -1.283, -0.331, p = 0.001) and ponderal index (kg/m3) (RR = -0.396; 95% CI: -0.441, -0.350, p = 0.000) in the group receiving the DASH diet were lower than in the control group. Conclusion: The adherence of pregnant women with cardiometabolic disorders to DASH eating pattern has a significant effect on decreasing fasting plasma glucose levels, ponderal index, incidence of preeclampsia, fetal macrosomia, large for gestational age, and newborn head circumference. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
The effect of vascular complications of diabetes mellitus on human umbilical cord tissue and the number of Wharton Jelly’s mesenchymal stem cells; The current study investigated the change in umbilical cord tissue and the number of markers of Wharton’s jelly mesenchymal stem cells (WJ-MSC) in pregnant women with gestational diabetes (GDM), with chronic diabetes who developed nephropathy as vascular complication (VC-PGDM), and healthy pregnant women as the control. The umbilical cords (UC) were investigated by the histomorphological method and the number of WJ-MSC were detected by flow-cytometry using the CD90, CD44, CD105, and CD73 markers in Wharton’s jelly (WJ) isolated from fresh umbilical cords. The number of positive cells for CD 90, CD44, CD105, and CD73 were found to be elevated in the GDM group, whereas it was significantly diminished in the VC-PGDM group (p = 0.001, p = 0.001, p = 0.001, and p = 0.001). The only histopathological sign in the GDM group were an increased number of pores in the Wharton jelly. Artery wall thickness/cord diamater ratio was increased, which indicates an increase of the artery wall thickness in the VC- PGDM group (p = 0.039 and p = 0.048). The increase in umbilical cord diameter and number of Wharton jelly mesenchymal stem cells in babies of gestational diabetic mothers was considered as an effect of macrosomia seen in babies of mothers with gestational diabetes. Vasculopathy, a long-term complication of diabetes, is known to affect all tissues by causing marked lower perfusion and hypoxia, as well as a decrease in the MSC number in our study. © 2020, Springer Nature B.V.
Influence of maternal metabolism on fetal development; Background: Human development is already influenced by external factors in utero. During this vulnerable period, developmental origins of health and disease emerge, with maternal metabolism playing a central role. Scope of review: In this article, studies that examine the influence of maternal parameters related to metabolism on fetal development of the central and autonomous nervous system are summarized. Conclusion: Maternal factors during pregnancy (weight gain, insulin sensitivity, gestational diabetes) and before pregnancy (body mass index, preconceptional diabetes) can influence a number of fetal factors, like postprandial brain activity in response to stimulation, spontaneous brain activity, fetal heart rate, and fetal postprandial heart rate variability. © 2020, Springer Medizin Verlag GmbH, ein Teil von Springer Nature.
Cardiovascular Evaluation and Considerations for Women of Advanced Maternal Age Desiring Pregnancy; Purpose of review: Pregnancy in women of advanced maternal age (AMA) is increasingly common. Women of AMA have higher pregnancy risks, including higher risk of cardiovascular complications such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. This review highlights recent data comparing pregnancy risks in both younger women and women of AMA, as well as how these risks are influenced using assisted reproductive therapies (ART). It highlights long-term cardiovascular risks in women of AMA and suggestions on how to perform cardiovascular evaluations both preconception and during pregnancy in this group of women. It also highlights the importance of comprehensive cardio-obstetrics care in providing optimal preconception, pregnancy, and postpartum care for women of AMA. Recent findings: Though data on evaluating pregnancy risk in women of AMA are limited, what data are available suggest higher rates of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and multiple other cardiovascular complications. The absolute risk however remains low. These risks are amplified by ART use. Increasing attention is being paid to optimizing preconception health, especially preconception obesity and hypertension. Summary: More work is required to better characterize the risks of AMA in pregnancy and how to optimally care for these patients. What research is available emphasizes the importance of optimizing prepregnancy health. A multidisciplinary cardio-obstetrics may play an especially integral part in optimizing the safety of pregnancy in women of AMA. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
No effect of gestational diabetes or pre-gestational obesity on 6-year offspring left ventricular function—RADIEL study follow-up; Aims: We aimed to investigate associations between pre-pregnancy obesity, gestational diabetes (GDM), offspring body composition, and left ventricular diastolic and systolic function in early childhood. Methods: This is an observational study, including 201 mother–child pairs originating from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL; 96 with GDM, 128 with pre-pregnancy obesity) with follow-up from gestation to 6-year postpartum. Follow-up included dyads anthropometrics, body composition, blood pressure, and child left ventricular function with comprehensive echocardiography (conventional and strain imaging). Results: Offspring left ventricular diastolic and systolic function was not associated with gestational glucose concentrations, GDM, or pregravida obesity. Child body fat percentage correlated with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI in the setting of maternal obesity (r = 0.23, P = 0.009). After adjusting for child lean body mass, age, sex, systolic BP, resting HR, maternal lean body mass, pre-gestational BMI, and GDM status, child left atrial volume increased by 0.3 ml (95% CI 0.1, 0.5) for each 1% increase in child body fat percentage. Conclusions: No evidence of foetal cardiac programming related to GDM or maternal pre-pregnancy obesity was observed in early childhood. Maternal pre-pregnancy obesity is associated with early weight gain. Child adiposity in early childhood is independently associated with increased left atrial volume, but its implications for long-term left ventricle diastolic function and cardiovascular health remain unknown. © 2020, The Author(s).
Dietary inflammatory index during pregnancy and the risk of intrapartum fetal asphyxia: The japan environment and children’s study; We aimed to examine the impact of a daily pro-inflammatory diet during pregnancy on intrapartum fetal acidemia using a large birth cohort study in Japan. We used data on singleton pregnancies in the Japan Environment and Children’s Study (JECS) involving births from 2011 to 2014 through vaginal delivery to calculate the maternal dietary inflammatory index (DII). Participants were categorized according to DII quintiles. A multiple logistic regression model was used to estimate the risk of a pro-inflammatory diet on fetal umbilical artery pH. In total, 56,490 participants were eligible for this study. Multiple regression analysis showed that nulliparous women who had undergone vaginal delivery and were consuming a pro-inflammatory diet had an increased risk of pH < 7.10 (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 1.64, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.12–2.39). Among these women, the risk of pH < 7.10 was not affected by the duration of labor (aOR: 1.64, 95% CI: 1.11–2.42). In conclusion, following a pro-inflammatory diet during pregnancy is a risk factor for fetal acidosis among nulliparous women undergoing vaginal delivery. A high DII diet during pregnancy may modify the intrapartum fetal heart rate pattern via intrauterine inflammation. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Previous Pre-Eclampsia, Gestational Diabetes and Hypertension Place Women at High Cardiovascular Risk: But Do We Ask?; Background: Women who experience vascular complications of pregnancy, including pre-eclampsia, hypertension and diabetes, are at increased risk of coronary artery disease (CAD). Yet patients and their medical providers have low awareness of the significance of these ‘non-traditional’ cardiovascular risk factors. We aimed to determine the prevalence and medical provider awareness of pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors in women with CAD. Methods: Women aged 18–70 years treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) across three tertiary hospitals were invited to participate in a pregnancy-related telephone interview at 12 months post-PCI. Electronic medical records (EMR) were retrospectively reviewed for documentation of pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors in the 12 months prior to, and including, the PCI admission. Results: A total of 102 women (mean age 59.8±7.7 years) underwent PCI for CAD and completed the pregnancy history questionnaire. Approximately three-quarters (73.5%, 75/102) of women had been pregnant, of which 25.3% (19/75) had experienced vascular complications consisting of pre-eclampsia 31.5% (6/19), gestational diabetes 36.8% (7/19), and gestational hypertension 73.6% (14/19). Documentation of traditional CVD risk factors occurred in 209/211 episodes of emergency or cardiology contact (99.1%), while documentation of ‘non-traditional’ pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors occurred in 0/211 episodes of emergency or cardiology contact. Conclusion: More than a quarter of women treated with PCI for CAD had experienced a past pregnancy-related vascular complication. Despite vascular complications of pregnancy predicting future CAD, medical providers were not obtaining a history of these ‘non-traditional’ cardiovascular risk factors. © 2020
Ultrasound Based Computational Fluid Dynamics Assessment of Brachial Artery Wall Shear Stress in Preeclamptic Pregnancy; Purpose: Preeclampsia (PE) is a pregnancy complication of abnormally elevated blood pressure and organ damage where endothelial function is impaired. Wall shear stress (WSS) strongly effects endothelial cell morphology and function but in PE the WSS values are unknown. WSS calculations from ultrasound inaccurately assume cylindrical arteries and patient specific computational fluid dynamics (CFD) typically require time-consuming 3D imaging such as CT or MRI. Methods: Two-dimensional (2D) B-mode ultrasound images were lofted together to create simplified three-dimensional (3D) geometries of the brachial artery (BA) that incorporate artery curvature and non-circular cross sections. This process was efficient and on average took 120 ± 10 s. Patient specific CFD was then performed to quantify BA WSS for a small cohort of PE (n = 5) and normotensive pregnant patients (n = 5) and compared against WSS calculations assuming a cylindrical artery. Results: For several WSS metrics (time averaged WSS (TAWSS), peak systolic WSS, oscillatory shear index (OSI), OSI/TAWSS and relative residence time) CFD on the simplified arterial geometries calculated large spatial differences in WSS that assuming a cylindrical artery cannot calculate. Bland–Altman and intra-class correlation (ICC) analyses found assuming a cylindrical artery both underestimated (p < 0.05) and had poor agreement (ICC < 0.5) with the maximum WSS values from CFD. WSS values that were abnormal compared to the normotensive patients (OSI = 0.014 ± 0.026) appear related to the pregnancy complications fetal growth restriction (n = 2, OSI = 0.14, 0.25) and gestational diabetes (n = 1, OSI = 0.23). Conclusion: Creating 3D artery geometries from 2D ultrasound images can be used for CFD simulations to calculate WSS from ultrasound without assuming cylindrical arteries. This approach requires minimal time for both medical imaging and CFD analysis. © 2020, Biomedical Engineering Society.
Cognitive Dysfunction of Pregnant Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Perinatal Period; Purpose. To explore whether pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) had cognitive impairment and assess cognitive function in normal pregnant women. Methods. A total of 75 consecutive women diagnosed with GDM (GDM group), 70 normal pregnant women (NP group) without diabetes and matched for age, and 51 female volunteers (CG group) with the similar age level, normal blood glucose, and nonpregnancy were included in the study. For the assessment of cognitive functions, Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) was performed. Venous blood samples were collected to measure blood glucose, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), methylglyoxal (MGO), beta amyloid (Aβ), and tau protein. Results. The score of MoCA of GDM was lowest, and the score of the NP group was lower than volunteers (P<0.05). The incidence of cognitive dysfunction increased significantly in the GDM group with statistical significance (P<0.05). The levels of tau and MGO in the GDM group were significantly less than those in the NP and CG groups, and Aβ in the GDM group was significantly more than that in the NP and CG groups (P<0.05), but the differences between NP and CG groups were not statistically significant (P<0.05). Conclusion. The pregnant women with GDM showed a significant decline in cognitive function, and the normal pregnant women also showed a decline in cognitive function which is very light.  © 2021 Siriguleng Sana et al.
Erratum regarding missing Declaration of Competing Interest statements in previously published articles (Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews (2019) 13(3) (2037–2039), (S1871402119302176), (10.1016/j.dsx.2019.04.026)); Declaration of Competing Interest statements were not included in published version of the following articles that appeared in previous issues of Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews. Hence, the authors of the below articles were contacted after publication to request a Declaration of Interest statement: 1. “Evaluation of ADL and BMI in the management of diabetes mellitus at secondary and tertiary health facilities” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (3): 2266–2271] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.05.0332. “Prevalence and predictors of vitamin D insufficiency in adult population of yazd â€“ The sun province in center of Iran” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (5): 2843–2847] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.07.0503. “A case control study of clinical and biochemical parameters of metabolic syndrome with special attention among young and middle aged population” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (4): 2653–2659] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.07.0314. “Metabolically healthy status and BMI in relation to depression: AÂ systematic review of observational studies” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (2): 1099–1103] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.01.0275. “Association between high blood pressure with risk of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome and its predictors: A cross-sectional study” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (2): 1549–1554] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.11.0656. “Predictors of metformin failure in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 12 (3): 405–410] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.01.0037. “The potential of transdermal nitric oxide treatment for diabetic peripheral neuropathy and diabetic foot ulcers” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (5): 3053–3056] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.07.0038. “Recent advances in nanotechnology for the treatment of metabolic syndrome” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (2): 1561–1568] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.03.0029. “A comparative study of prevalence and predictors of metabolic syndrome in various psychiatric disorders in state of Haryana: More than 30â€¯yearsâ€¯Vs. less than 30â€¯years” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (1): 510–516] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.11.00210. “Vitamin D status of Turkish type 1 diabetic patients” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (3): 2037–2039] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.04.02611. “Descriptive epidemiology of metabolic syndrome among obese adolescent population” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 12 (3): 369–374] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2017.12.02612. “Cardiovascular disease and COVID-19” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2020; 14 (3): 247–250] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2020.03.013 © 2020
Estimation of anti-diabetic property of holarrhena pubescens by in vitro method using l6 rat Skeletal muscle cell lines; Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disorder caused due to insufficient insulin or insulin resistance in our body. Diabetes mellitus is of three types. They are type I, type II and gestational diabetes mellitus. Diabetes mellitus can be diagnosed by monitoring blood glucose levels and HbA1c. It has common clinical presentations like polyuria, polyphagia, weight gain or weight loss, dehydration, fainting etc,. If left untreated diabetes can lead to life threatening complications. Some of the complications are Diabetic keto acidosis, Diabetic nephropathy, Alzhimer’s disease, Diabetic foot, chronic kidney disease, stroke, etc,. Insulin is used for the treatment of type I diabetes and type II diabetes can be treated using some anti-diabetic drugs along with few precautionary measures and life style modifications. Holarrhena pubescensis a medicinal plant commonly called kurchi. All parts of this plant has got some medicinal use and as a whole, the plant has wide range of medicinal benefits. The chloroform and ethanolic extracts of Holarrhena pubescens showed significant results when compared to the standard drug Metformin. Cell lines showed 50% cell death when 1µg/ml of Metformin was given. The same result was obtained when 100µg/ml of H.P.C.E. and 100µg/ml H.P.E.E. was given. The glucose uptake assay for H.P.C.E. at a concentration of 10µg/ml was 5.85±0.02mg/100ml in the absence of insulin and 7.89±0.05 mg/100ml in the presence of insulin and for H.P.E.E. at a concentration of 10µg/ml was 9.45±0.05mg/100ml in the absence of insulin and 10.54±0.04mg/100ml in the presence of insulin. Inhibition of α-amylase enzyme activity α-glucosidase enzyme activity of H.P.C.E. and H.P.E.E. were compared with standard and the results are discussed below. This article reveals that Holarrhena pubescens has significant anti-diabetic property. Its folklore usage in treating diabetic condition has been validated with this scientific result. © RJPT All right reserved.
Interactions between race/ethnicity, poverty status, and pregnancy cardio-metabolic diseases in prediction of postpartum cardio-metabolic health; Background: Prenatal health disparities exist for African Americans and low socioeconomic status (SES) individuals when compared to non-Hispanic Whites and people of higher SES, particularly in cardio-metabolic diseases. Furthermore, having had a pregnancy-specific cardio-metabolic disease, e.g. preeclampsia, increases risk for future cardio-metabolic disease. Although these factors (race, SES and pregnancy cardio-metabolic disease) are interrelated, studies have rarely considered their combined effect on postpartum cardio-metabolic risk. The purpose of this study was to assess whether SES, race/ethnicity, and prenatal cardio-metabolic disease interact in the prediction of postpartum cardio-metabolic risk. Methods: A sample of 1,753 low-income women of African American, Latina, non-Hispanic White race/ethnicity was recruited after a birth in 5 US sites. Household income was used to categorize poverty status as Poor (< Federal Poverty Level; FPL), near poor (100–200% FPL), or low/middle income (> 200% FPL). Three prenatal cardio-metabolic disease diagnoses (preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes) were identified from medical records. Four biomarkers (mean arterial pressure, glycosylated haemoglobin, total cholesterol:HDL ratio, and waist-hip ratio) were collected at 6 and 12 months postpartum, and combined into an average postpartum cardio-metabolic risk index. Maternal age, pre-pregnancy body mass index, parity, health behaviors and employment status were covariates. Results: Analyses revealed interactions of race/ethnicity, poverty status, and prenatal cardio-metabolic diseases in the prediction of postpartum cardio-metabolic risk. African American women had higher postpartum cardio-metabolic risk, which was exacerbated following a prenatal cardio-metabolic disease. Low/middle income African American women had higher cardio-metabolic risk compared to poor African American, and all Latina and White women. Conclusions: African American women, and especially those who experienced pregnancy complications, emerged as vulnerable, and greater household income did not appear to confer protection against worse postpartum cardio-metabolic risk for this group. These results highlight the complex interplay between socioeconomic status and race/ethnicity with respect to understanding health disparities. © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Metabolic dysfunction in pregnancy: Fingerprinting the maternal metabolome using proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy; Aims: Maternal metabolic disorders place the mother at risk for negative pregnancy outcomes with potentially long-term health impacts for the child. Metabolic syndrome, a cluster of features associated with increased risk of metabolic disorders, such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes and stroke, affects roughly one in five Canadians. Metabolomics is a relatively new technique that may be a useful tool to identify women at risk of metabolic disorders. This study set out to characterize urinary metabolic biomarkers of pregnant women with obesity and of pregnant women who later developed gestational diabetes mellitus (pre-GDM), compared to controls. Methods and Materials: Second trimester urine samples were collected through the Alberta Pregnancy Outcomes and Nutrition (APrON) cohort and examined with 1H nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy. Multivariate analysis was used to examine group differences, and machine learning feature selection tools identified the metabolites contributing to separation. Results: Obesity and pre-GDM metabolomes were distinct from controls and from each other. In each comparison, the glycine, serine and threonine pathways were the most impacted. Pantothenate, formic acid and glycine were downregulated by obesity, while formic acid, dimethylamine and galactose were downregulated in pre-GDM. The three most impacted metabolites for the comparison of obesity versus pre-GDM groups were upregulated creatine/caffeine, downregulated sarcosine/dimethylamine and upregulated maltose/sucrose in individuals who later developed GDM. Conclusion: These findings suggest a role for urinary metabolomics in the prediction of GDM and metabolic marker identification for potential diagnostics and prognostics in women at risk. © 2020 The Authors. Endocrinology, Diabetes & Metabolism published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Pregnancy outcomes of refractory epilepsy patients treated with Brain–responsive neurostimulation; Objective: To study the pregnancy outcomes, including obstetric complications and fetal outcomes, in pregnant women with epilepsy (WWE) treated with direct brain–responsive neurostimulation (RNS System). Methods: Retrospective review of obstetric outcomes and fetal outcomes in WWE treated with the RNS System at nine comprehensive epilepsy centers in the United States from 2014–2020. In addition, changes in seizure frequency, anti-seizure medications, and RNS System setting adjustments during pregnancy were investigated. Results: A total of 10 subjects and 14 pregnancies were identified. The mean age at conception was 30.6 ± 4.3 years old. The mean age at implantation was 29.8 ± 4.4 years old. The mean stimulation charge densities ranged from 1.0 to 3.0 μC/cm2 during pregnancy. Obstetric complications included recurrent miscarriage (1 patient), cesarean section (3 patients) due to preeclampsia, non-reassuring fetal heart rate tracing or prolonged labor, preterm birth (1 patient), and preeclampsia (1 patient). No still birth, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, eclampsia, or maternal mortality were observed. No RNS System-exposed pregnancies had major congenital malformations. One offspring had a minor congenital anomaly of cryptorchidism in a pregnancy complicated with risk factors of advanced maternal age and bicornuate uterus. Significance: The present study is the first report of RNS System-exposed pregnancies in WWE to date. No major congenital malformations were identified. All of the obstetric complications were within the expected range of those in WWE based on previously published data. The sample size of our study is small, so accumulation of additional cases will further help depict the safety profile of treatment with the RNS System during pregnancy. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Cardiac Doppler in poorly controlled gestational diabetics and its link to markers of intra-uterine hypoxia and adverse outcome; The aim of the study was to investigate foetal cardiac function using the modified myocardial performance index (Mod-MPI) in poorly controlled gestational diabetics and its link with intrauterine markers for hypoxia and to an adverse outcome. In a prospective, cross sectional study, 44 consecutive women with severe or poorly controlled gestational diabetic pregnancies in their third trimester on insulin therapy were recruited and matched with 44 women with normal pregnancies which served as the control group. Using Doppler echocardiography the foetal Mod-MPI was calculated. The foetal Mod-MPI was significantly higher in the diabetic group compared to the controls indicating significant myocardial dysfunction. The Mod-MPI served as an excellent marker of adverse outcomes. Foetal myocardial function was significantly impaired in poorly controlled gestational diabetics and there was a significant link of Mod-MPI to intrauterine markers of hypoxia, as well as to an adverse outcome. Mod-MPI has the potential to improve foetal surveillance in gestational diabetes.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? Abnormal foetal cardiac function, as reflected in the modified myocardial performance index, has been reported to be significantly increased in foetuses of poorly controlled diabetics managed on insulin. What do the results of this study add? There is a significant link between abnormal foetal cardiac function to intrauterine markers of hypoxia, as well as to an adverse outcome; and that development of myocardial dysfunction could be one of the main mechanisms, inducing foetal compromise in poorly controlled gestational diabetes. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? This study explores an interesting concept of foetal pathophysiology in gestational diabetes, namely the concept of “pseudo-hypoxia” in a foetus of a gestational diabetic mother, and this intrauterine “hypoxic stress” in turn leading to myocardial dysfunction. The Mod-MPI, a clinical marker for cardiac dysfunction, can therefore be used in the clinical setting to track a deteriorating metabolic state. © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus—Innovative Approach to Prediction, Diagnosis, Management, and Prevention of Future NCD—Mother and Offspring; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the commonest medical complication of pregnancy. The association of GDM with immediate pregnancy complications including excess fetal growth and adiposity with subsequent risk of birth trauma and with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy is well recognized. However, the associations with wide ranges of longer-term health outcomes for mother and baby, including the lifetime risks of obesity, pre-diabetes, and diabetes and cardiovascular disease have received less attention and few health systems address these important issues in a systematic way. This article reviews historical and recent data regarding prediction of GDM using demographic, clinical, and biochemical parameters. We evaluate current and potential future diagnostic approaches designed to most effectively identify GDM and extend this analysis into a critical evaluation of lifestyle and nutritional/pharmacologic interventions designed to prevent the development of GDM. The general approach to management of GDM during pregnancy is then discussed and the major final focus of the article revolves around the importance of a GDM diagnosis as a future marker of the risk of non-communicable disease (NCD), in particular pre-diabetes, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease, both in mother and offspring. © Copyright © 2020 McIntyre, Kapur, Divakar and Hod.
Maternal cardiovascular risk after hypertensive disorder of pregnancy; Background and objective Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs) affect 5%-10% of pregnancies and have been associated with excess maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. The primary aim of this study was to reliably estimate absolute and relative risks of CVD after HDP. Methods A retrospective cohort of women who had singleton pregnancies in New South Wales, Australia, between 2002 and 2016 and identified using linked population health administrative databases. The primary exposure was new-onset HDP (pre-eclampsia/eclampsia and gestational hypertension), and the endpoint was hospitalisation or death due to ischaemic or hypertensive heart disease, or stroke. Kaplan-Meier analysis estimated risks among mothers following their first birth, and multivariable time-dependent Cox regression estimated the association between HDP and CVD. Results Among 528 106 women, 10.3% experienced HDP in their first pregnancy. The 10-year estimated risk of CVD was 2.1 per 1000 if no HDP and 5.5 per 1000 following HDP. Adjusting for demographics, gestational diabetes, small for gestational age and preterm birth, we found that there was an interaction between smoking and HDP, and a larger effect of early-onset (<34 weeks) HDP, compared with late-onset HDP. The HR for women with early-onset HDP who did not smoke was 4.90 (95% CI 3.00 to 7.80) and the HR for those who did smoke was 23.5 (95% CI 13.5 to 40.5), each compared with women without HDP who did not smoke. Conclusion In this nationally representative Australian cohort, HDP, especially early onset, conferred a clear increase in the risk of CVD, with amplification by smoking. Targeted preventive health, during and after pregnancy, could prevent a substantial burden of CVD among childbearing women. © 2020 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy outcomes following in vitro fertilization using fresh or frozen embryo transfer; Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the pregnancy outcomes in women undergoing IVF using fresh and/or frozen embryo transfer. Methods: In this retrospective patient record study, we reviewed 2,872 infertile women’s files, who were candidates for IVF. The patients were classified into two groups, including those who underwent fresh embryo transfer (n=1628) and/or frozen embryo transfer (FET) (n=1244). Results: Fertility was achieved in 313 (19.23%) and 356 (28.62%) patients, who underwent fresh ET and FET, respectively. The rates of clinical pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, and live births were significantly higher in the FET group than the fresh ET group. The incidence of multiple pregnancies, perinatal mortality, abortion in the first trimester, preterm delivery, and low birth weight were significantly higher among fresh ET group [38 (35.51%), 15 (14.50%), 72 (23.01%), 26 (8.30%), and 33 (10.54%), respectively] than in the FET group [25 (15.33%), 6 (6.87%), 63 (17.69%), 14 (3.93%), and 20 (5.61%); p<0.05]. In addition, the incidence of ectopic pregnancies, abortion in the second trimester, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and placenta previa were higher in the fresh ET group, but not significantly so (p>0.05). Conclusions: Women who underwent IVF via FET showed more successful fertility and pregnancy outcomes compared to those who underwent IVF by fresh ET. © 2021, Sociedade Brasileira de Reproducao Assistida. All rights reserved.
Obesity and pregnancy; The worldwide rates of obesity have increased significantly in recent decades. In the United States, more than 50% of pregnant women are overweight or obese. Obese gravid women are more prone to adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, and cardiovascular diseases. The adverse outcomes extend beyond the pregnant obese woman; offspring of obese women are themselves at increased risk of prematurity, fetal death, injury during birth, and transient respiratory problems and metabolic effects (ie, neonatal hypoglycemia). Furthermore, maternal obesity can predispose their offspring to long-term health problems, potentially generating an intergenerational cycle of obesity and insulin resistance. © 2021, American Academy of Pediatrics. All rights reserved.
Alterations of transcriptome expression, cell cycle, and mitochondrial superoxide reveal foetal endothelial dysfunction in saudi women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects one in four Saudi women and is associated with high risks of cardiovascular diseases in both the mother and foetus. It is believed that endothelial cells (ECs) dysfunction initiates these diabetic complications. In this study, differences in the transcriptome profiles, cell cycle distribution, and mitochondrial superoxide (MTS) between human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) from GDM patients and those from healthy (control) subjects were analysed. Transcriptome profiles were generated using high-density expression microarray. The selected four altered genes were validated using qRT-PCR. MTS and cell cycle were analysed by flow cytometry. A total of 84 altered genes were identified, comprising 52 upregulated and 32 downregulated genes in GDM.HUVECs. Our selection of the four interested altered genes (TGFB2, KITLG, NEK7, and IGFBP5) was based on the functional network analysis, which revealed that these altered genes are belonging to the highest enrichment score associated with cellular function and proliferation; all of which may contribute to ECs dysfunction. The cell cycle revealed an increased percentage of cells in the G2/M phase in GDM.HUVECs, indicating cell cycle arrest. In addition, we found that GDM.HUVECs had increased MTS generation. In conclusion, GDM induces persistent impairment of the biological functions of foetal ECs, as evidenced by analyses of transcriptome profiles, cell cycle, and MTS even after ECs culture in vitro for several passages under normal glucose conditions. ©The Japan Endocrine Society.
Comparison of QT interval between neonates with maternal gestational diabetes and healthy mothers; Background: The risk of developing metabolic syndrome and diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, has been increased as a worldwide rise in obesity. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or maternal hyperglycemia is a risk factor for cardiac dysfunction in neonates. The present study compared the QT interval in neonates with maternal GDM and healthy mothers. Methods: This case-control study was carried out on term neonates with maternal GDM (case group; n=42) and healthy non-diabetic mothers (control group; n=42) in Sayyad-e-Shirazi hospital in Gorgan, Northeast of Iran, within March 2016 and February 2017. A pediatric cardiologist evaluated septal hypertrophy by Doppler echocardiography (Zonare ZS3) during the first 2 weeks after birth. A standard 12-lead electrocardiogram was recorded for 10 sec, and a corrected QT (QTc) value was calculated. The data were analyzed by the latest version of SPSS software (version 16) using the Chi-square and t-test for the assessment of the differences in the QT values and other indices between the two groups. P-values less than 0.05 were considered statistically significant. Results: The results of the present study showed congenital heart diseases (CHDs) in six neonates. Significantly higher QT (249±36 and 245± 28 ms), septal thickness (6.09±1.07 and 5±1 mm), and lower QTc value (382±44.06 and 392± 34 ms) were observed in the case group, compared to those reported for the control group (P<0.001). The QTc dispersion was significantly different between the subjects under insulin therapy and participants receiving an antihyperglycemic oral regimen. Conclusion: In this study, significant thicker cardiac septum and higher QT interval were observed in the neonates born from mothers with GDM in comparison to those from healthy mothers. This could suggest close cardiac monitoring of these neonates due to the higher probability of CHDs. © 2021 Mashhad University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Long-term risk for maternal cardiovascular morbidities in twin pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus–a retrospective cohort study†; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) results in an increased risk for maternal and neonatal complications in singletons. In twin pregnancies, however, scarce data exist regarding its implications. Objective: To investigate whether a diagnosis of GDM in twin gestation poses a risk for subsequent maternal long-term cardiovascular morbidity. Study design: A population-based cohort study was conducted, comparing the incidence of cardiovascular morbidity within a group of women with and without a diagnosis of GDM who delivered twins in a tertiary medical center, between the years 1991 and 2014. Mothers with pregestational diabetes mellitus, triplet or higher-order multiples, patients lacking prenatal care, patients with known cardiovascular morbidities prior to or during the current pregnancy and fetal malformations or/and chromosomal abnormalities were excluded. Kaplan–Meier’s survival curve was used to estimate the cumulative incidence of cardiovascular-related hospitalizations, and a Cox proportional hazards model was used to estimate the adjusted HRs for cardiovascular morbidity. Results: Of 4256 twin deliveries that met the inclusion criteria, 336 (7.9%) occurred in patients that were diagnosed with GDM. During a follow-up period of more than 10 years, with a median of 3431 (0–9172) days in total, patients with GDM had higher rates of simple cardiovascular events as compared to women without diagnosis of GDM (incidence = 7, 2.1%. OR = 2.7, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.17–6.12, p =.03). Total cardiovascular hospitalizations were comparable between the groups. There was no difference between the two groups in the rate of complex cardiovascular events, noninvasive or invasive cardiac diagnostic procedures. In a Cox proportional hazards model, which is adjusted for maternal age, ethnicity, hypertensive disorders, and fertility treatments, GDM in twin pregnancies was not found to be associated with long-term cardiovascular morbidity (adjusted HR 1.41, 95% CI 0.77–2.58, p =.26). Conclusions: While GDM during twin pregnancy might be associated with long-term maternal simple cardiovascular events, the complex, as well as the total morbidities, are comparable to patients without GDM. © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Clinical characteristics and pregnancy outcome of 14 pregnant women with history of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease; 目的： 总结孕前冠状动脉粥样硬化性心脏病（冠心病）孕妇的临床特征和妊娠结局。 方法： 以2013年10月至2020年5月北京安贞医院收治的14例孕前冠心病孕妇为对象，收集其患病情况、妊娠期临床表现、治疗情况和妊娠结局等资料并进行回顾性分析。 结果： 孕前确诊冠心病年龄为（31±7）岁，孕前治疗以血管重建手术为主（10例），其余4例为药物治疗。妊娠年龄为（36±5）岁，12例孕妇具有冠心病高危因素。孕早期心功能Ⅲ和Ⅳ级各1例；超声心动图室壁运动异常和室壁瘤形成3例，其中1例合并左心室射血分数（LVEF）中度受损；心电图ST段异常4例、窦性心动过速1例；肌钙蛋白水平升高1例；血清低密度脂蛋白胆固醇（LDL-C）水平为（2.3±1.0）mmol/L。共有9例孕妇妊娠至孕晚期，其中1例轻微活动后胸闷；体重增长过多和不足分别为4例和2例；心功能Ⅲ级1例；左心功能轻度受损1例；5例患者LDL-C水平为（2.6±0.6）mmol/L。妊娠期主要治疗措施包括抗血小板治疗（每日服用阿司匹林75~ 100 mg）和健康生活方式指导。5例孕妇于孕早期终止妊娠，9例足月妊娠行剖宫术，术中出血量180~800 ml；妊娠期间发生不良心脏病事件2例，妊娠期糖尿病3例，其中2例伴有慢性高血压并发子痫前期。9名活产新生儿体重为（3 102±647）g，其中小于胎龄儿2名，低出生体重儿1名。 结论： 孕前冠心病女性妊娠期存在心脏病事件风险，加强孕期高危因素管理有利于获得良好妊娠结局。.; Objective: To summarize the clinical characters and pregnancy outcome in pregnant women with history of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). Methods: A total of 14 pregnant women with pre-existing ASCVD admitted to Beijing Anzhen Hospital from October 2013 to May 2020 were enrolled as subjects, whose ASCVD disease status, clinical manifestations, treatment and pregnancy outcomes were collected and retrospectively analyzed. Results: The age of subjects at diagnosis of ASCVD was (31±7) years old. The main intervention before pregnancy was revascularization (10 cases), and the rest 4 cases were treated with medicine. The age of subjects at pregnancy was (36±5) years old. A total of 12 cases had risk factors of ASCVD. In early stages of pregnancy, there were 1 case with cardiac function level Ⅲ and 1 with cardiac function level Ⅳ. Abnormal ventricular wall motion and ventricular aneurysm formation were determined in 3 cases by echocardiography, one of which was complicated with moderate left ventricular ejection fraction impairment. Abnormal ST segment in 4 cases and sinus tachycardia in 1 case were found by electrocardiogram. Troponin (TNI) increased in 1 case. The serum low density lipoprotein cholesterol level (LDL-C) of these pregnant women at early stages of pregnancy was (2.3±1.0) mmol/L. A total of 9 pregnant women entered later stages of pregnancy, 1 of whom had chest tightness after slight activity. There were 4 cases with excessive weight gain and 2 cases with insufficient weight gain during pregnancy, and there were 1 case with cardiac function level Ⅲ and 1 case with mild impaired left heart function. The average level of LDL-C was (2.6±0.6) mmol/L in 5 pregnant women at their later stages of pregnancy. The main treat measures included anti-platelet therapy (aspirin, 75-100 mg/d) and healthy lifestyle interventions. Five pregnant women terminated their pregnancy at the early stage of pregnancy, and 9 full-term pregnant women underwent hysterotomy with intraoperative blood loss of 180-800 ml. Adverse cardiac events occurred in 2 cases and gestational diabetes was diagnosed in 3 cases during pregnancy, among which 2 cases were complicated with chronic hypertension and preeclampsia. The weight of 9 live newborns was (3 102±647) g, among which 2 were smaller than gestational age and 1 was of low birth weight. Conclusions: Women with established ASCVD before preynancy have risk of adverse cardiac events in pregnancy. Strengthening the management of high risk factors in pregnancy is conducive to achieving a good pregnancy outcome.
Isolated right ventricular non-compaction in a neonate born to a mother with gestational diabetes: A case report; Background: Ventricular non-compaction, which is a rare congenital cardiomyopathy, results from an arrest in normal endomyocardial embryogenesis. It is characterized by a pattern of prominent trabecular meshwork and deep intertrabecular recesses. The clinical manifestations include systolic and diastolic dysfunctions, heart failure, ventricular arrhythmias, and cardioembolic events. Case report: Here we present the case of a neonate (38 weeks, weighing 2580 gr) born to a mother with gestational diabetes (GDM) with isolated right ventricular non-compaction (IRVNC) and systolic and diastolic right heart dysfunction due to meconium aspiration syndrome and tension pneumothorax. A 4-month follow-up demonstrated a complete improvement in the newborn. Conclusion: It is of paramount importance to consider RVNC cardiomyopathy a differential diagnosis of cyanosis and respiratory distress due to meconium aspiration syndrome in neonate s born to mothers with GDM. Apart from RV cardiac dysfunction, RVNC could cause such complications as pulmonary hypertension and tension pneumothorax. It can be also spontaneously improved in GMD. © 2020 Mashhad University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Effects of maternal obesity on placental phenotype; The incidence of obesity is rising rapidly worldwide with the consequence that more women are entering pregnancy overweight or obese. This leads to an increased incidence of clinical complications during pregnancy and of poor obstetric outcomes. The offspring of obese pregnancies are often macrosomic at birth although there is also a subset of the progeny that are growth-restricted at term. Maternal obesity during pregnancy is also associated with cardiovascular, metabolic and endocrine dysfunction in the offspring later in life. As the interface between the mother and fetus, the placenta has a central role in programming intrauterine development and is known to adapt its phenotype in response to environmental conditions such as maternal undernutrition and hypoxia. However, less is known about placental function in the abnormal metabolic and endocrine environment associated with maternal obesity during pregnancy. This review discusses the placental consequences of maternal obesity induced either naturally or experimentally by increasing maternal nutritional intake and/or changing the dietary composition. It takes a comparative, multi-species approach and focusses on placental size, morphology, nutrient transport, metabolism and endocrine function during the later stages of obese pregnancy. It also examines the interventions that have been made during pregnancy in an attempt to alleviate the more adverse impacts of maternal obesity on placental phenotype. The review highlights the potential role of adaptations in placental phenotype as a contributory factor to the pregnancy complications and changes in fetal growth and development that are associated with maternal obesity. © 2021 Bentham Science Publishers.
Postpartum counseling in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; Background: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are associated with increased cardiovascular disease risk across the lifespan. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Heart Association emphasize the postpartum period as an important opportunity to identify and intervene women at high risk of future cardiovascular disease. Objective: This study aimed to determine the proportion of women with documented counseling on risks and transitions of care after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy at the postpartum visit. Study Design: This was a retrospective longitudinal descriptive study of women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy who were enrolled in a text-based blood pressure program from September 2018 to February 2019. We abstracted counseling in the discharge summary and postpartum note from the electronic medical record. The primary outcome was counseling at the postpartum visit defined as documentation of (1) follow-up with primary care or cardiology, (2) risk of cardiovascular disease, or (3) recommendation for aspirin in a future pregnancy. We assessed demographic and clinical factors that may influence counseling through multivariable logistic regression. We also compared the proportion of women counseled on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy vs contraception and glucose tolerance tests at the postpartum visit. Results: Of 320 eligible women, most women had gestational hypertension or preeclampsia without severe features (64%). Postpartum visits were scheduled in our hospital system for 284 women, of whom 253 attended (89%). Documented counseling occurred for 62 women (25%). Counseling on follow-up with primary care or cardiology, cardiovascular disease risk, and aspirin in future pregnancies was documented for 51 (20%), 15 (6%), and 1 (0.4%), respectively. Only 1 woman had documented counseling on all 3 components. In multivariable analysis, black race remained an independent factor that increased the likelihood of counseling on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio, 2.77; 95% confidence interval, 1.32–5.83). Women were significantly less likely to be counseled on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy than on contraceptives (99%, P<.001) or glucose tolerance testing after gestational diabetes mellitus (79%, P<.001). Conclusion: Postpartum counseling on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy merits urgent improvement efforts among obstetrical care providers. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
The diagnostic and predictive values of N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptides in pregnancy complications and neonatal outcomes; Objective: To investigate the plasma N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) levels relative to pregnancy complications and clarify the role of NT-proBNP in predicting pregnancy outcomes. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted on 208 singleton pregnant women from August 2015 to October 2018. They were categorized into the early-onset PE (n=52), late-onset PE (n=32), GH (n=21), GDM (n=49), and healthy control (n=54) groups. The NT-proBNP concentrations were measured for all groups, and the correlation between the NT-proBNP levels and the pregnancy complications was analyzed. Results: The NT-proBNP levels were significantly higher in the early-onset and late-onset PE groups than in the other groups (P<0.05). The receiver operating characteristic curve showed that the plasma NT-proBNP levels had excellent diagnostic performance for early-onset and late-onset PE. The areas under the curve (AUCs) were 0.864 and 0.825 at the cut-off values of 142.3 pg/mL and 183.5 pg/mL for these two groups, respectively. The plasma NT-proBNP concentrations were positively correlated with the neonatal outcomes. The AUC was 0.788 when the cut-off value was 257.5 pg/mL. The high NT-proBNP level was associated with a low Apgar score and low birth weight. Conclusion: NT-proBNP is an effective indicator for assisting in the diagnosis of pregnancy complications and predicting newborn outcomes. NT-proBNP can be used to monitor early-onset and late-onset PE. © 2021 E-Century Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved.
Erratum regarding missing Declaration of Competing Interest statements in previously published articles (Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews (2020) 14(4) (385–393), (S1871402120300825), (10.1016/j.dsx.2020.04.017)); Declaration of Competing Interest statements were not included in published version of the following articles that appeared in previous issues of Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews. Hence, the authors of the below articles were contacted after publication to request a Declaration of Interest statement: 1. “Diabetes in the practice of otolaryngology” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (2): 1141–1150] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.01.0062. “Quality of life in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy: A caseâ€“control study” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (2): 947–952] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.12.0123. “Prevalence and predictors of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in prediabetes” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (5): 2957–2960] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.07.0604. “Association between lifestyle habits and adiposity values among children exposed and unexposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (5): 2947–2952] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.07.0535. “Association between components of the metabolic syndrome and degree of cervical squamous intraepithelial lesions in Cuban women” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (2): 1443–1448] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.02.0116. “Prediction and early detection of cardiovascular disease in South Asians with diabetes mellitus” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2020; 14 (4): 385–393] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2020.04.0177. “Glycemic and lipids control in patients with diabetes and cardiovascular or renal diseases across all the government health sectors in the Emirate of Dubai, United Arab Emirates” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (1): 590–594] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.11.0138. “Screening for prediabetes and risk of periodontal disease” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (2): 1661–1666] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.03.0069. “The rate of progression of type 2 diabetes mellitus to end stage renal disease â€“ A single centred retrospective study from Malaysia” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 12 (6): 1025–1030] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.06.01810. “Prevalence of metabolic syndrome in Iran: A meta-analysis of 69 studies” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (1): 792–799] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.11.05511. “Behavioral and familial predictors of diabetes mellitus in adults aged 20â€“69 in Yazd, Iran during 2014â€“2015” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 12 (5): 667–671] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.04.00212. “Short-term predictors of amputation in patients with diabetic foot ulcers” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 12 (6): 875–879] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.05.00713. “Quality of life and metabolic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus diagnosed individuals” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (5): 2827–2832] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.07.06214. “A multicentre study evaluating the risk and prevalence of diabetic retinopathy in children and young people with type 1 diabetes mellitus” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (1): 744–746] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.11.06315. “Risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus using results of a prospective population-based study in Iranian pregnant women” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 12 (5): 721–725] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.04.014 © 2020
Cardiovascular Disease in Women: From Pathophysiology to Novel and Emerging Risk Factors; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in Australian women, as well as men, with clear disparities in treatment and outcomes between the sexes. Moreover, disease pathophysiology differs between the sexes, with women more likely to suffer from microvascular coronary disease, endothelial dysfunction and heart failure with preserved ejection fraction, as compared to men, who are more likely to experience macrovascular disease or heart failure with reduced ejection fraction. Evidence suggests that both traditional and novel cardiovascular risk factors are often under-recognised and under-treated in women. Certain ‘traditional’ risk factors, including diabetes mellitus and smoking, may also portend a greater risk of cardiovascular disease in women than men. Furthermore, a number of female-specific risk factors have been identified as increasing the risk of cardiovascular disease in women, including pre-term delivery, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and polycystic ovary syndrome. Currently, these factors are not included in primary prevention risk stratification tools, nor are they routinely considered in a cardiovascular assessment at a clinical level. This represents a missed opportunity, as early identification may allow for risk factor modification and possible amelioration of the disease burden. This review explores the role of traditional, sex-specific and novel risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women, in addition to pathophysiological differences between the sexes, and contributing societal and behavioural factors. These differences argue strongly for a ‘precision medicine’ approach to cardiovascular disease that includes sex as a key component. © 2020 Australian and New Zealand Society of Cardiac and Thoracic Surgeons (ANZSCTS) and the Cardiac Society of Australia and New Zealand (CSANZ)
Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: systematic review and meta-analysis; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pregnancy complication that affects one in seven pregnancies. Emerging evidence demonstrates that children born of pregnancies complicated by GDM may be at increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in adulthood. Therefore, the aim of this study was to determine cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to GDM in utero. PubMed, CINAHL, SCOPUS, and EMBASE databases were searched. Information was extracted on established CVD risk factors including blood pressure, lipids, blood glucose, fasting insulin, body mass index (BMI), and endothelial/microvascular function. The review protocol is registered in PROSPERO (CRD42018094983). Prospective and retrospective studies comparing offspring exposed to GDM compared to controls (non-GDM pregnancies) were considered. We included studies that defined GDM based on the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) definition, or prior definitions. The PRISMA guidelines were followed in conducting this systematic review. Methodological quality was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Quality Assessment Scale. Study selection, data extraction, and quality assessment were done by two independent reviewers. The data were pooled using a random-effects model. Of 59 eligible studies, 24 were included in the meta-analysis. Offspring exposed to GDM had higher systolic blood pressure (mean difference (MD): 1.75 mmHg, 95% CI 0.57-2.94; eight studies, 7264 participants), BMI z-score (MD 0.11, 95% CI 0.02-0.20; nine studies, 8759 participants), and glucose (standard MD 0.43, 95% CI 0.08-0.77; 11 studies, 6423 participants) than control participants. In conclusion, offspring exposed to GDM have elevated systolic blood pressure, BMI, and glucose. Those exposed to GDM in utero may benefit from early childhood blood pressure measurements.
Obesity in pregnancy: A new chapter in obstetrics; Obesity is a worldwide health problem affecting more than 35% of the adult population in the USA. Obesity is the greatest epidemic ever experienced by humans and resulting from increasing population increasing lifespan, urbanization, plentiful food and physical inactivity. The rate of obesity has doubled over the past decade. Percentage of women who are overweight or obese has increased by 60% over the past 30 years. The mean BMI has increased over the past 20 years leading to adverse metabolic effects on blood pressure, cholesterol and triglyceride concentration and insulin resistance, thereby increasing the risk: (1) for coronary disease and ischemic stroke, (2) for type 2 diabetes, and (3) for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Maternal obesity in pregnancy (MOP) has been associated with fertility implications both genders pregnancy complication, such as preterm delivery, shoulder dystocia, and adverse outcome including hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes and need for operative delivery (cesarean section and instrumental vaginal delivery). Maternal obesity also has a significant impact on fetal development on neonatal period and overall on childhood development. Modification to routine prenatal care has been suggested for this population such as screening for diabetes in early pregnancy, limiting gestational weight gain, routine ultrasound for gestational age, fetal anatomic survey and antenatal surveillance with NST and BPP scoring and fetal echocardiography, screening for fetal aneuploidy. Obesity can affect screening test performance. Cell-free fetal DNA screening is more likely to result in test failure, low-dose aspirin to reduce the risk of preeclampsia and evaluation by anesthesiologist. Delivery timing and indications for labor induction should not be altered based on maternal obesity. For women undergoing cesarean delivery, prophylactic antibiotics should be administered based on maternal weight. © Jaypee Brothers Medical Publishers. 2021 Open Access.
Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death for both men and women globally, as well as being a leading contributor to morbidity and healthcare expenditures. This disease burden can be reduced by prioritizing a preventive approach to cardiovascular health. Both sex and gender differences contribute to cardiovascular health and the implementation of CVD prevention strategies. Healthcare professionals should be cognizant of sex-differential effects of the traditional risk factors for CVD and of emerging sex-specific CVD risk factors. Female-specific “risk-enhancing” factors include those related to pregnancy (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm delivery, small for gestational age infant, gestational diabetes, parity) and hormonal risk (early menarche, polycystic ovarian syndrome, early menopause, use of hormone replacement therapy). In men, vascular erectile dysfunction, stemming from endothelial dysfunction and subclinical atherosclerosis, is a red flag that portends CVD risk. For both men and women, if decisions for the initiation of preventive pharmacotherapies (i.e., statins) still remain uncertain after considering these risk-enhancing factors, the use of coronary artery calcium scores can refine risk assessment and guide shared decision making. Understanding sex and gender unique risk factors may improve current risk assessment strategies for primary prevention of CVD and facilitate comprehensive preventive care to both female and male patients. © 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Coagulation dysfunction in a newborn infant caused by maternal exposure to clozapine during pregnancy; A 31-year-old female patient with schizophrenia got pregnant naturally during the treatment with clozapine (50 mg/d) and had been taking the drug during the pregnancy. Prenatal fetal ultrasound and chromosome examination showed no obvious abnormalities. The mother received subcutaneous injections of insulin aspart injection and insulin detemir injection and oral iron polysaccharide complex capsules for gestational diabetes mellitus and mild anemia successively during pregnancy. One live male infant was delivered by cesarean section at 39+2 weeks of gestation, with a birth weight of 3 280 g. The infant's Apgar score was 10. Physical examination of the newborn showed scattered ecchymosis on limbs skin, pinpoint-like petechiae on whole-body skin, and arrhythmia by heart auscultation. Laboratory tests showed prothrombin time 14.4 s, activated partial thromboplastin time 69.4 s, thrombin time 22.9 s, fibrinogen 1.27 g/L, and platelet count 366×109/L. Neonatal coagulation dysfunction was diagnosed, which was considered to be possibly related to clozapine. Intravenous infusions of vitamin K1 injection and human fibrinogen were given. Four days later, ecchymosis and petechiae on his whole body were less than before, prothrombin time was 11.4 s, activated partial thromboplastin time was 45.0 s, thrombin time was 20.6 s, and fibrinogen was 2.22 g/L. Eight days later, his ecchymosis and petechiae basically disappeared. Copyright © 2020 by the Chinese Medical Association.
Cardiovascular adverse events in women with multivessel coronary arterial disease; Introduction: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in female population of the world, being multivessel coronary artery disease the principal responsible for these deaths. Objective: To identify the possible relationship of clinical, diagnostic and therapeutic variables with cardiovascular adverse events in women with multivessel coronary arterial disease, at Cardiovascular Institute from January 2016 to December 2018. Method: Observational, descriptive and prospective survey involving 107 female patients admitted in this period in Cardiovascular Institute, with diagnosis of multivessel coronary arterial disease. Results: The mean age was 66, 5 years. Hypertension and diabetes were the most frequent risk factors. Early menopause was reported in 43, 9% of the sample and gestational diabetes was commonly stated. Multivessel coronary arterial disease without lead mean affection was found in 71% of patients. Angioplasty was performance in 61, 7% of these women. 51,4% of all adverse events occurred during the first year of follow up. Cardiovascular adverse events were toughly associated to obstetric variables Conclusions: Cardiovascular adverse events were more associated with obstetric variables than others (clinical, diagnostic and therapeutic variables) in women with multivessel coronary arterial disease. © 2021, Cuban Society of Cardiology, Cuban Institute of Cardiology and Cardiovascular Surgery. All rights reserved.
Perinatal health predictors using artificial intelligence: A review; Advances in public health and medical care have enabled better pregnancy and birth outcomes. The rates of perinatal health indicators such as maternal mortality and morbidity; fetal, neonatal, and infant mortality; low birthweight; and preterm birth have reduced over time. However, they are still a public health concern, and considerable disparities exist within and between countries. For perinatal researchers who are engaged in unraveling the tangled web of causation for maternal and child health outcomes and for clinicians involved in the care of pregnant women and infants, artificial intelligence offers novel approaches to prediction modeling, diagnosis, early detection, and monitoring in perinatal health. Machine learning, a commonly used artificial intelligence method, has been used to predict preterm birth, birthweight, preeclampsia, mortality, hypertensive disorders, and postpartum depression. Real-time electronic health recording and predictive modeling using artificial intelligence have found early success in fetal monitoring and monitoring of women with gestational diabetes especially in low-resource settings. Artificial intelligence–based methodologies have the potential to improve prenatal diagnosis of birth defects and outcomes in assisted reproductive technology too. In this scenario, we envision artificial intelligence for perinatal research to be based on three goals: (1) availability of population-representative, routine clinical data (rich multimodal data of large sample size) for perinatal research; (2) modification and application of current state-of-the-art artificial intelligence for prediction and classification in health care research to the field of perinatal health; and (3) development of methods for explaining the decision-making processes of artificial intelligence models for perinatal health indicators. Achieving these three goals via a multidisciplinary approach to the development of artificial intelligence tools will enable trust in these tools and advance research, clinical practice, and policies to ensure optimal perinatal health. © The Author(s) 2021.
The Association of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Cardiovascular Disease: Current Knowledge and Future Directions; Purpose of review: Adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with increased risk for future cardiovascular disease. The goal of this review is to share what is currently known about the increased risk and to identify areas for future research. Recent findings: Severe studies have identified a strong association between adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease such as heart failure, valvular disease, ischemic heart disease, stroke, hypertension, and metabolic syndrome. The recognition of this increased risk is reflected in recent changes in prevention guidelines. The guidelines now recognize sex-specific risks such as preeclampsia and preterm delivery and recommend incorporating a pregnancy history to identify them earlier. However, no robust risk prediction tools incorporating these pregnancy risk factors have been developed and validated. While smaller clinical trials have been performed in reducing cardiovascular risk factors in the postpartum timeframe, there remains a paucity of large-scale randomized clinical trials that continue to show a risk reduction in these women. Summary: While there is increasing recognition of the long-term cardiovascular risks associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, there remains a need for interventional studies aimed at reducing this risk and for incorporation of pregnancy risk factors into traditional cardiovascular risk prediction tools. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Maternal BMI at the time of birth and selected risk factors associated with severe neonatal outcomes: A secondary analysis of the WHO Better Outcomes in Labour Difficulty (BOLD) project; The main objective of this secondary analysis was to describe the nutritional status of the Better Outcomes in Labour Difficulty (BOLD) project study population and determine possible associations between maternal nutritional status (as reflected by maternal BMI at the time of birth) and severe neonatal outcomes (SNO). We also analysed previous and index maternal pathologies to determine associations with neonatal outcomes. We used the classification designed by Atalah for maternal BMI and compared with the Hyperglycaemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study one. To describe the nutritional status of this population, figures of distribution and test of normality related to weight and BMI were presented for the women and their babies. To explore the association between maternal BMI data and SNO, the χ2 test was performed. To identify a maternal characteristic or a group of characteristics that could predict SNO, we used Fisher's exact test using previous maternal pathology collected in the BOLD project as well as that in the index pregnancy. In this study, BMI at the time of birth was not associated with neonatal near miss or death. We found that previous maternal obesity, diabetes and chronic hypertension were associated with SNO. Maternal pathology in the index pregnancy such as other obstetric haemorrhage, pre-eclampsia, anaemia and gestational diabetes was associated with SNO.  © The Author(s), 2020.
Cognitive functions in pregnant women; Aim: This review aims to analyze current evidence about how pregnancy and pathologies which occur during pregnancy may affect the function of a woman’s brain, and how those changes may influence cognitive functioning. Background: During pregnancy occur adaptive changes in a woman’s body which are necessary for proper fetal development. Pregnancy also induces structural and functional alterations within the brain. Cognitive functions are the group of mental processes responsible for learning or information processing; hence, their proper function is essential in daily living and achieving set goals. Literature shows evidence of deleterious effects on cognitive functions caused by conditions such as diabetes mellitus, hypertension, obesity, or depression within the group on nonpregnant individuals. There are also studies evaluating cognitive functions in pregnancy complicated with various diseases (including pregnancy-related ones). Review results: Gathered publications show mixed results regarding cognitive functions in pregnancy and diseases associated with pregnancy. Results indicate a poorer function of cognitive domains in pregnant women, in contrast to nonpregnant ones, which may correlate with hormone levels. Regarding hypertensive disorders, data provide evidence of worse cognitive processing and greater risk of dementia in women with preeclampsia. The literature lacks evidence about the influence on cognition in women with gestational diabetes; however, diabetes mellitus show strong correlations with cognitive deterioration putatively associated with glucose metabolism dysfunction. Obese individuals show a decline in many cognitive domains, which may predispose them to further weight gain. Depression is associated with poorer cognitive performance; however, anxiety and depressive states may be responsible for subjective cognitive dysfunction during pregnancy. Conclusion: Research shows mixed results regarding the connection between cognition and both pregnancy-related diseases, which may stem from a lack of properly designed studies. Clinical significance: More research about cognitive functions and pregnancy is needed due to the growing prevalence of the abovementioned diseases and their harmful effect on brain function even long after delivery. © Jaypee Brothers Medical Publishers. 2021.
Association Between Recommended Preconception Health Behaviors and Screenings and Improvements in Cardiometabolic Outcomes of Pregnancy; Introduction Gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with increased risk of maternal and infant illness and long-term elevated cardiometabolic risk. Little information exists on the prevention of either disorder before pregnancy. Our goal was to describe the association between preconception indicators and risk of gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Methods We used logistic regression to analyze cross-sectional data from the 2016-2017 Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (N = 68,493) to quantify the association between 14 preconception health indicators (across domains of health care, nutrition and physical activity, tobacco and alcohol, chronic conditions, mental health, and emotional and social support) and, separately, GDM and HDP. We accounted for sampling weights and controlled for maternal age, race/ethnicity, prepregnancy insurance, prepregnancy body mass index, and report of a check-up in the year before pregnancy. Results Prepregnancy obesity was the strongest predictor of both HDP (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 3.1; 95% CI, 2.8-3.5) and GDM (aOR, 3.1; 95% CI, 2.7-3.5). Individual behaviors (eg, exercise, attending a check-up) were not associated with either HDP or GDM. A diagnosis of diabetes before pregnancy predicted HDP (aOR, 2.3; 95% CI, 1.7-3.0). Conclusion Prepregnancy chronic disease and obesity predicted pregnancy complications (ie, GDM and HDP). Given the challenges in reversing these conditions in the year before pregnancy, efforts to improve preconception health may be best directed broadly to expand access to primary care for all women. © 2021. All Rights Reserved.
General practitioners’ knowledge about pregnancy complications associated with long-term cardiovascular risk; Introduction: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of mortality in women; preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with an increased risk of CVD. Objective: To evaluate general practitioners (GP) knowledge about complicated pregnancies and their association with CVD. Methods: An anonymous case-based electronic questionnaire designed to assess the level of understanding on the influence of a history of pregnancy complications on long-term cardiovascular risk and general knowledge about CVD risk was sent to GPs. Results: The response rate was 35 % (161/465). The participants recognized that PE and GDM are risk factors for CVD (98 and 83 %, respectively), and reported the following CVD screening strategies in women with a history of PE and GDM: blood pressure monitoring (PE 100 %, GDM 46 %), body mass index calculation (PE 68 %, GDM 57 %), lipid profile evaluation (PE 71 %, GDM 57 %), glycated hemoglobin (PE 26 %, GDM 92 %), and fasting glucose (PE 28 %, GDM 91 %). Conclusion: GP-reported screening strategies to identify CVD in women with a history of PE and GDM were variable. © 2020 Academia Nacional de Medicina de México, A.C.
Maternal cholesterol levels during gestation: boon or bane for the offspring?; An increase in cholesterol levels is perceived during pregnancy and is considered as a normal adaptive response to the development of the fetus. In some pregnancies, excessive increase in total cholesterol with high levels of Low-Density Lipoprotein leads to maladaptation by the fetus to cholesterol demands, resulting in a pathological condition termed as maternal hypercholesterolemia (MH). MH is considered clinically irrelevant and therefore cholesterol levels are not routinely checked during pregnancy, as a consequence of which there is scarce information on its global prevalence in pregnant women. Studies have reported that MH during pregnancy can cause atherogenesis in adults emphasizing the concept of in utero programming of fetus. Moreover, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, obesity and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome are potential risk factors which strengthen combined pathologies in placenta and fetuses of mothers with MH. However, lack of conclusive evidence on cholesterol transport and underlying programming demand substantial research to develop population-based life style strategies for women in their childbearing years. The current review focuses on the mechanisms and outcomes of MH from existing epidemiological as well as experimental data and presents a detailed insight on this novel risk factor of cardiovascular diseases. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
The predictive value of mir-16,-29a and-134 for early identification of gestational diabetes: A nested analysis of the dali cohort; Early identification of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) aims to reduce the risk of adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes. Currently, no circulating biomarker has proven clinically useful for accurate prediction of GDM. In this study, we tested if a panel of small non-coding circulating RNAs could improve early prediction of GDM. We performed a nested case-control study of participants from the European multicenter ‘Vitamin D and lifestyle intervention for GDM prevention (DALI)’ trial using serum samples from obese pregnant women (BMI ≥ 29 kg/m2 ) entailing 82 GDM cases (early-and late-GDM), and 41 age-and BMI-matched women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) throughout pregnancy (controls). Anthropometric, clinical and biochemical characteristics were obtained at baseline (<20 weeks of gestation) and throughout gestation. Baseline serum microRNAs (miRNAs) were measured using quantitative real time PCR (qPCR). Elevated miR-16-5p,-29a-3p, and-134-5p levels were observed in women, who were NGT at baseline and later developed GDM, compared with controls who remained NGT. A combination of the three miRNAs could distinguish later GDM from NGT cases (AUC 0.717, p = 0.001, compared with fasting plasma glucose (AUC 0.687, p = 0.004)) as evaluated by area under the curves (AUCs) using Receiver Operator Characteristics (ROC) analysis. Elevated levels of individual miRNAs or a combination hereof were associated with higher odds ratios of GDM. Conclusively, circulating miRNAs early in pregnancy could serve as valuable predictive biomarkers of GDM. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Abnormal placental pathological findings and adverse clinical outcomes of oocyte donation; We sought to assess chronic inflammatory responses in patients who achieved pregnancy by oocyte donation and non-oocyte donation-assisted reproductive technology and delivered at The Ottawa Hospital. Data describing maternal health, obstetrical outcomes, neonatal outcomes, and placental pathology were collected and analyzed from electronic medical records. An increased frequency of adverse obstetrical outcomes was observed. In the oocyte donation-assisted reproductive technology group, placental pathology data demonstrated increased frequency of fetal vascular malperfusion (p = 0.02) and placenta accreta (p < 0.001), representing a chronic inflammatory response. Placental pathology reflecting dysregulated immune processes and vasculopathy is associated with oocyte donation. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus: A longitudinal study from fetal life to infancy; Objective: To determine whether cardiac functional and structural changes in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) persist in the offspring beyond the neonatal period. Design: Longitudinal study. Setting: Fetal Medicine Unit in a UK teaching hospital. Methods: 73 women with GDM and 73 women with uncomplicated pregnancy were recruited and fetal cardiac scans were performed at 35–36 weeks' gestation. Repeat echocardiogram was performed in their offspring during infancy. Main outcome measures: Fetal and infant cardiac functional and structural changes. Results: Fetuses of mothers with GDM, compared with controls, had more globular right ventricles (sphericity index 0.7, interquartile range [IQR] 0.6/0.7 versus 0.6, IQR 0.5/0.6, P < 0.001) and reduced right global longitudinal systolic strain (−16.4, IQR −18.9/−15.3 versus −18.5, IQR −20.6/−16.8, P = 0.001) and left global longitudinal systolic strain (−20.1, IQR −22.5/−16.9 versus −21.3, IQR −23.5/−19.5), P = 0.021). In the GDM group, compared with controls, in infancy there was higher left ventricular E/e’ (8.7, IQR 7.3/9.7 versus 7.9 IQR, 6.8/8.9 P = 0.011) and lower left ventricular global longitudinal systolic strain (−21.0, IQR −22.5/−19.4 versus −22.3, IQR −23.5/−20.7, P = 0.001) and tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (13.8, IQR 12.7/16.1 versus 15.2, IQR 13.8/16.8, P = 0.003). These differences remained following multivariable analysis. Conclusion: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with alterations in fetal cardiac function and structure compared with controls and persistent cardiac changes in infancy. Tweetable abstract: Gestational diabetes mellitus, even when well controlled, is associated with fetal cardiac changes and these persist in infancy. © 2020 Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists
A Case Series on Critically Ill Pregnant or Newly Delivered Patients with Covid-19, Treated at Karolinska University Hospital, Stockholm; In this retrospective report, we present five cases of critically ill pregnant or newly delivered women positive for Covid-19 admitted to our obstetrical departments at Karolinska University Hospital. They compose 6% of eighty-three pregnant women that tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 during the period March 25 to May 4, 2020. Three patients were at the time of admission in gestational week between 21+4 and 22+5 and treated during their antenatal period; meanwhile, the other two were admitted within 1 week postpartum. All of them were in need of intensive care: one was treated with high flow oxygen therapy, the other four with invasive mechanical ventilation (three with endotracheal intubation and one with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation). Age above thirty, overweight, and gestational diabetes are notable factors in the cases presented. At the time of admission, they all presented with symptoms such as fever, cough, and dyspnea. Chest imaging with computer tomography scan was performed in each case and demonstrated multifocal pneumonic infiltrates in all of them, but no pulmonary embolism was confirmed in any. Neither did the echocardiogram indicate any cardiomyopathy. Four of the patients have been discharged from the hospital, with an average of 20 hospital days. One antenatal pregnant woman needed prolonged ECMO therapy; in gestational week 27+3, she went into cardiac arrest, resulting in an urgent C-section on maternal indication. At the time of writing, she is still hospitalized. In coherence with other published reports, our cases indicate that critically ill pregnant women infected by SARS-Cov-2 may develop severe respiratory distress syndrome requiring prolonged intensive care. The material is limited for conclusions to be made; more detailed information on symptoms, treatment, and outcomes for pregnant and postpartum women managed in intensive care is therefore needed.  © 2021 Rasha El-ahmad Polcer et al.
Dyslipemias and pregnancy, an update; During pregnancy there is a physiological increase in total cholesterol (TC) and triglycerides (TG) plasma concentrations, due to increased insulin resistance, oestrogens, progesterone, and placental lactogen, although their reference values are not exactly known, TG levels can increase up to 300 mg/dL, and TC can go as high as 350 mg/dL. When the cholesterol concentration exceeds the 95th percentile (familial hypercholesterolaemia (FH) and transient maternal hypercholesterolaemia), there is a predisposition to oxidative stress in foetal vessels, exposing the newborn to a greater fatty streaks formation and a higher risk of atherosclerosis. However, the current treatment of pregnant women with hyperlipidaemia consists of a diet and suspension of lipid-lowering drugs. The most prevalent maternal hypertriglyceridaemia (HTG) is due to secondary causes, like diabetes, obesity, drugs, etc. The case of severe HTG due to genetic causes is less prevalent, and can be a higher risk of maternal-foetal complications, such as, acute pancreatitis (AP), pre-eclampsia, preterm labour, and gestational diabetes. Severe HTG-AP is a rare but potentially lethal pregnancy complication, for the mother and the foetus, usually occurs during the third trimester or in the immediate postpartum period, and there are no specific protocols for its diagnosis and treatment. In conclusion, it is crucial that dyslipidaemia during pregnancy must be carefully evaluated, not just because of the acute complications, but also because of the future cardiovascular morbidity and mortality of the newborn child. That is why the establishment of consensus protocols or guidelines is essential for its management. © 2020 The Authors
DIABETES MELLITUS AND COGNITIVE IMPAIRMENT. A MODERN VIEW ON THE PROBLEM; Today, diabetes is one of the most common diseases in the world. Every 13–15 years, the number of patients with diabetes doubles. The risk of type 2 diabetes is determined by an interplay of genetic and metabolic factors. Ethnicity, family history of diabetes, gestational diabetes, old age, overweight, obesity, poor diet, low physical activity, and smoking to increase risk. Diabetes reduces life expectan-cy, leads to early disability, it is a leading cause of terminal renal failure, blindness, diabetes increas-es the risk of amputation of the lower extremities and the development of cognitive impairment. The problem of cognitive impairment is especially relevant because we can observe a trend of increasing life expectancy and an increase in the proportion of older people in all countries. Also, we can observe an increase in the number of patients with cognitive impairment and dementia. Diabetes treatment should be comprehensive, with the participation of a multidisciplinary team. To successfully treat and control diabetes, physicians and patients must work together to educate and raise awareness about the disease. Patient education should be provided at all stages of therapy. Adequate treatment of diabetes and comorbidities will help reduce the risk of developing and progressing cognitive impairments and other dangerous complications. © 2021, Odesa National Medical University. All rights reserved.
Assessment of the functional state of the heart in children born to mothers with type i diabetes mellitus; Maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic disease that carries significant risks for the fetus and newborn. Hyperglycemia during pregnancy contributes to the development of structural heart defects, myocardial hypertrophy, and impaired cardiac function in newborns. The objective of the study was to evaluate the echocardiographic parameters of the cardiac function in children born to mothers with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1). A prospective study of 163 newborns was conducted on the basis of the Republican Scientific and Practical Center “Mother and Child”. The children were divided into 2 groups. The main group consisted of 107 children born to mothers with DM1 (Gr1), the control group – 56 healthy infants born to women with normoglycemia during pregnancy (Gr2). It was found that a newborn in Gr1 has a larger thickness of the interventricular septum (IVS) (p < 0.001), the posterior wall of the left ventricle (p < 0.001), and the size of the right ventricle (p < 0.001). It was revealed that in Gr1 the frequency of myocardial hypertrophy with an interventricular septum thickness of 5 mm or more is 30.8 %, which is statistically significantly higher in comparison with Gr2 (1.8 %, F = 0.115, p < 0.001). When assessing the blood flow using a pulse-wave Doppler study, the manifestations of the diastolic dysfunction in Gr1 were revealed. The E/A ratio for the diastolic flow through the mitral valve in Gr1 was 0.9 (0.8–1.1), in Gr2 – 1.2 (1.0–1.4), p = 0.043. The study confirmed a lower frequency of registration of myocardial hypertrophy with good glycemic control during pregnancy (p < 0.05). Direct correlations between the average level of glycated hemoglobin in mothers and the IVS thickness (r = 0.374, p < 0.05) and the posterior wall of the left ventricle (r = 0.293, p < 0.05) of their newborns were observed in infants in Gr1. The use of pump insulin therapy in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes allowed a statistically significant reduction in the frequency of hypertrophy of the left ventricle in infants in the neonatal period. Diabetes mellitus type 1 in the mother determines not only the risk of congenital heart defects, but also hypertrophic changes in the myocardium, contributes to the diastolic dysfunction in this group of children. The achievement of target levels of glycated hemoglobin during pregnancy, using pump insulin therapy, provides a lower frequency of registration of ventricular septal hypertrophy. The revealed statistically significant differences in the IVS thickness and the posterior wall of the left ventricle in infants born to mothers with type 1 diabetes should be taken into account by doctors in the system of organizing medical care in inpatient settings and at the stage of dispensary observation. © 2021 Republican Unitary Enterprise Publishing house â€œBelorusskaja Naukaâ€. All Rights Reserved.
Core outcome set for diabetes after pregnancy prevention across the life span: International Delphi study; Introduction Mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk of future diabetes. An active area of research examines health behavior change strategies in women within 5 years of a GDM pregnancy to prevent diabetes after pregnancy. We aimed to develop a core outcome set (COS) to facilitate synthesis and comparison across trials. Research design and methods Candidate outcomes were identified through systematic review and scored for importance (1-9) by healthcare professionals, researchers, and women with prior GDM through an international two-round electronic-Delphi survey. Outcomes retained required round two scores above prespecified thresholds (≥70% scoring 7-9) or expert panel endorsement when scores were indeterminate. The panel organized the COS by domain. Results 115 stakeholders participated in the survey and 56 completed both rounds. SD of scores decreased by 0.24 (95%CI 0.21 to 0.27) by round 2, signaling convergence. The final COS includes 19 domains (50 outcomes): diabetes (n=3 outcomes), other related diseases (n=3), complications in subsequent pregnancy (n=2), offspring outcomes (n=3), adiposity (n=4), cardiometabolic measures (n=5), glycemia (n=3), physical activity (n=2), diet (n=4), breast feeding (n=2), behavior change theory (n=5), diabetes-related knowledge (n=2), health literacy (n=1), social support (n=1), sleep (n=1), quality of life (n=1), program delivery (n=4), health economic evaluation (n=2), and diabetes risk screening (n=2). The seven outcomes endorsed by ≥90% were diabetes development and GDM recurrence, attending the postpartum diabetes screening and completing oral glucose tolerance testing and/or other glycemia measures, weight and total energy intake, and health behaviors in general. Among the 15 at the 80%-90% endorsement level, approximately half were specific elements related to the top 7, while the remainder related to diabetes knowledge, personal risk perception, motivation for change, program element completion, and health service use and cost. Conclusion Researchers should collect and report outcomes from the breadth of domains in the COS. © 2020 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Sleep apnea in pregnancy; Snoring occurs in about one-third of women by third trimester of pregnancy and prevalence of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) in pregnancy is estimated between 10% and 20%. The prevalence of sleep apnea among pregnant women in the USA may be increasing, paralleling higher rates of obesity and older maternal age. Changes in respiratory physiology, anatomy, and endocrine physiology have both predisposing and protective effects on sleep-disordered breathing in pregnancy. Diagnosing OSA in pregnancy can be challenging; respiratory physiology is different during pregnancy, and home sleep testing can underestimate sleep apnea due to sleep disturbances that frequently occur in pregnant women. Furthermore, common sleep apnea screening questionnaires are not valid in perinatal women. Sleep apnea in pregnancy poses a risk of developing gestational hypertensive disorders and gestational diabetes, as well as more severe outcomes including cardiomyopathy, congestive heart failure, need for postpartum hysterectomy, and even death. Infants of women with sleep apnea have a higher risk of low birthweight, preterm delivery, and small for gestational age. Positive airway pressure therapy (e.g., CPAP) is the gold standard treatment for OSA in pregnancy, though more research is needed to improve access to and compliance with CPAP in the perinatal period and to determine whether CPAP mitigates the risks of sleep apnea in expectant and new mothers and their offspring. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2021.
Fetal echocardiography at term in diabetic pregnancies helps predict the adverse neonatal outcome - Results of a prospective observational study from South India; There is sparse Indian data on whether fetal echocardiography among pregnant diabetics would be useful to predict adverse perinatal/neonatal outcome. Objectives: To study fetal cardiac changes in diabetic mothers and non-diabetic controls from 24 weeks gestation until the neonatal period; correlate them with maternal glycemic control; study their implications on adverse perinatal/neonatal outcome. Methodology: Prospective observational cohort study. Pregnant diabetics (17 overt, 66 gestational) recruited beyond 24 weeks, divided as well (39) and poorly (44) controlled, based on American Diabetes Association 2016 criteria. Controls were 102 healthy non-diabetic pregnancies. Fetal echocardiography performed at weeks 24–32, 32–36, >37, and between 4 and 7 days on neonates. The thickness of Interventricular septum (IVS), Right Ventricle (RV), and Left ventricle (LV) assessed with M mode. E/A ratio across Tricuspid/Mitral valves and Tei index determined. TDI(Tissue Doppler imaging) used to assess tissue annular velocities across IVS, RV, and LV. Maternal glycemic control and various perinatal/neonatal adverse outcomes were recorded. Results: Significant myocardial hypertrophy seen among fetuses of diabetic mothers versus controls, most severe at term among the poorly controlled diabetics. Structural changes persisted in the neonate. At term, fetal myocardial dysfunction was evident among diabetic pregnancies only as poor annular systolic velocity across IVS, RV using TDI. However, Tissue Doppler changes could not predict adverse perinatal/neonatal outcome. Myocardial dysfunction could not be demonstrated in the neonates. Myocardial hypertrophy at term was a surrogate marker for suboptimal glycemic control, and it could predict important neonatal morbidities like hypoglycaemia, hyperbilirubinemia, prolonged NICU stays, and persistent foetal cardiac shunts. Conclusion: Our study shows a significant association between fetal myocardial hypertrophy and maternal glycemic control among GDM pregnancies. There also seems to be an association between fetal myocardial hypertrophy and some of the adverse perinatal events including hypoglycemia. However these newborns were not found to have clinically relevant cardiac comorbidities even though there was significant septal hypertrophy in utero. © 2020 Cardiological Society of India
Divergent trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors in the years before pregnancy in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus: A populationbased study; OBJECTIVE Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an elevated lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease, which has been attributed to an adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile that is apparent even within the first year postpartum. Given its presence in the early postpartum, we hypothesized that this adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile may develop over time in the years before pregnancy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS With population-based administrative databases, we identified all nulliparous women in Ontario, Canada, who had singleton pregnancies between January 2011 and December 2016 and two or more measurements of the following analytes between 2007 and the start of pregnancy: A1C, fasting glucose, random glucose, lipids, and transaminases. This population consisted of 8,047 women who developed GDM and 93,114 women who did not. RESULTS The two most recent pregravid tests were performed at a median of 0.61 years and 1.86 years before pregnancy, respectively. Women who went on to develop GDM had higher pregravid A1C, fasting glucose, random glucose, LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, and ALT and lower HDL cholesterol than their peers (all P < 0.0001). Notably, in the years before pregnancy, women who went on to develop GDM had higher annual increases than their peers in A1C (1.9-fold higher) (difference 0.0089%/year [95% CI 0.0043–0.0135]) and random glucose (4.3-fold), greater annual decrease in HDL cholesterol (5.5-fold), and lesser annual decline in LDL cholesterol (0.4-fold) (all P ≤ 0.0002). During this time, fasting glucose and triglycerides increased in women who developed GDM but decreased in their peers (both P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS The adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile of women with GDM evolves over time in the years before pregnancy. © 2020 by the American Diabetes Association.
Maternal cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus at 35–36 weeks' gestation and 6 months postpartum; Objective: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for adverse cardiovascular outcome later in life. However, it is uncertain whether this increased risk is due to cardiovascular changes occurring during pregnancy and persisting thereafter or to an adverse underlying cardiovascular risk factor profile. Some studies have reported that GDM is associated with reduced systolic and diastolic left ventricular function in pregnancy; however, it remains unknown whether these changes persist after delivery. The objective of this study was to compare cardiac function and structure in women with GDM and those with uncomplicated pregnancy at 35–36 weeks' gestation and about 6 months after delivery. Methods: This was a longitudinal study in which women with GDM and those with uncomplicated pregnancy had detailed cardiovascular assessment at 35–36 weeks' gestation and repeat examination around 6 months after delivery. In all women, left ventricular systolic and diastolic indices were measured and left ventricular mass indexed for body surface area was calculated. Cardiac output and peripheral vascular resistance were also calculated using echocardiography. Linear mixed model analysis accounting for differences in maternal characteristics was carried out to compare findings of cardiovascular function between the GDM group and controls and within each group at 35–36 weeks' gestation and at 6 months after delivery. Results: We studied 73 women with GDM and 73 controls with uncomplicated pregnancy. At 35–36 weeks' gestation, women with GDM, compared to controls, had higher E/e′ ratio and lower E/A ratio and global longitudinal systolic strain; there were no significant differences between the groups in ejection fraction. Left ventricular mass indexed for body surface area was also increased in women with GDM. There were no significant differences between the groups in cardiac output and peripheral vascular resistance. At 6 months after delivery, cardiac functional indices improved in both patients with GDM and controls, but in the GDM group, compared to controls, there was a lower degree of improvement in E/A ratio and global longitudinal systolic strain. Conclusion: In the third trimester, patients with GDM have subtle differences in diastolic and systolic left ventricular function compared to controls and, despite improvement after delivery, these changes persist for at least 6 months. Long-term follow-up is therefore needed to assess whether women with GDM are at risk for an accelerated decline in their cardiac function and, if so, whether this trend can be reversed or delayed by optimal cardiovascular risk factor modification. Copyright © 2020 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. Copyright © 2020 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Diabetic ketoacidosis in pregnancy: a case report.; ANTECEDENTES: La cetoacidosis diabética es una complicación grave de la diabetes que, a menudo, resulta en una emergencia médica. Puede afectar a mujeres con diabetes tipo 1 y 2 y raramente a mujeres con diabetes gestacional (1-3% de todas las pacientes que cursan con diabetes durante el embarazo). OBJETIVO: Reportar el caso de una paciente embarazada, con cetoacidosis diabética. Por la baja frecuencia de este padecimiento resulta interesante su informe y revisar la bibliografía. CASO CLÍNICO: Paciente de 32 años, con 40.1 semanas de embarazo, con diabetes mellitus tipo 2 descompensada. Acudió a un centro de primer nivel de atención debido a: tensión arterial 145-95 mmHg, dolor en el epigastrio, actividad uterina irregular, náusea y vómito. Fue referida al Hospital General de Chimalhuacán. La paciente ingresó al servicio de Urgencias con: presión arterial 145-96 mmHg, frecuencia cardiaca 87 lpm, temperatura 37.2 oC, frecuencia cardiaca fetal 180 lpm, sostenida. Los estudios de laboratorio reportaron: glucemia de 553 mg/dL, cetonemia, pH 7.3. Debido a la taquicardia fetal sostenida se decidió finalizar el embarazo mediante cesárea. De acuerdo con los criterios diagnósticos de cetoacidosis diabética se estableció el diagnóstico de cetoacidosis diabética moderada. CONCLUSIONES: La cetoacidosis diabética es una complicación rara y grave, con consecuencias nocivas para el feto y la madre. El reconocimiento rápido de los factores precipitantes, la administración inicial de líquidos, insulina y la corrección del desequilibrio hidroelectrolítico son prioridades para revertir la cetoacidosis diabética. PALABRAS CLAVE: Cetoacidosis diabética; diabetes tipo 1; diabetes tipo 2; diabetes gestacional; embarazo; presión arterial; glucemia; cesárea. BACKGROUND: Diabetic ketoacidosis is a serious complication of diabetes that often results in a medical emergency. It usually occurs in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus, especially newly developed, but it can also affect women with type 2 diabetes and rarely women with gestational diabetes (1-3% of all patients with diabetes during the pregnancy). OBJECTIVE: To present a case report of a pregnant woman who presented with diabetic ketoacidosis, treatment and evolution. Given the low frequency of the pathology, it is interesting to report and review the current literature. CLINICAL CASE: A 32-year-old woman, with the diagnosis of decompensated type 2 diabetes mellitus, 40.1 weeks of gestation, who goes to a first level hospital for presenting; arterial tensions of 145 / 95mmHg, pain in epigastrium, irregular uterine activity, nausea and vomiting for what is referred to the General Hospital of Chimalhuacán. The patient enters the emergency department with, blood pressure 145/96 mmHg, heart rate 87x`, temperature 37.2 °C Fetal heart rate 180 beats per minute sustained, laboratory studies found glycaemia of 553 mg/dL, ketonemia, pH 7.3, fetal heart rate 180 beats per minute sustained so it is decided to terminate the pregnancy by caesarean section. According to the diagnostic criteria of diabetic ketoacidosis, the diagnosis of moderate diabetic ketoacidosis is established. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetic ketoacidosis is a rare but serious complication of diabetes in pregnancy, with harmful consequences for both the fetus and the mother. Rapid recognition of precipitating factors, initial fluid therapy, insulin administration and correction of hydroelectrolytic imbalance are priorities in the management of diabetic ketoacidosis. A multidisciplinary management that includes intensive care unit for the mother and neonatal intensive care, monitoring the maternal response to treatment is essential to reduce morbidity and mortality; fetal monitoring is necessary, as this will be directly affected or benefited according to the maternal response to treatment. © 2020 Asociacion Mexicana de Ginecologia y Obstetricia. All rights reserved.
Fetal–maternal exposure to endocrine disruptors: Correlation with diet intake and pregnancy outcomes; Endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs) are exogenous substances able to mimic or to interfere with the endocrine system, thus altering key biological processes such as organ development, reproduction, immunity, metabolism and behavior. High concentrations of EDCs are found in several everyday products including plastic bottles and food containers and they could be easily absorbed by dietary intake. In recent years, considerable interest has been raised regarding the biological effects of EDCs, particularly Bisphenol A (BPA) and phthalates, on human pregnancy and fetal development. Several evidence obtained on in vitro and animal models as well as by epidemiologic and population studies strongly indicated that endocrine disruptors could negatively impact fetal and placental health by interfering with the embryonic developing epigenome, thus establishing disease paths into adulthood. Moreover, EDCs could cause and/or contribute to the onset of severe gestational conditions as Preeclampsia (PE), Fetal Growth Restriction (FGR) and gestational diabetes in pregnancy, as well as obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular complications in reproductive age. Therefore, despite contrasting data being present in the literature, endocrine disruptors must be considered as a therapeutic target. Future actions aimed at reducing or eliminating EDC exposure during the perinatal period are mandatory to guarantee pregnancy success and preserve fetal and adult health. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
ASSESSMENT OF CONGENITAL HEART DISEASE AND RELATED VARIOUS FACTORS IN THE NEONATES OF MOTHERS WITH DIABETES; Objective: To assess the frequency of congenital heart disease and its association with various factors in neonates of mothers with diabetes. Study Design: Cross-sectional study. Study Place and Duration of Study: Department of Pediatrics, Combined Military Hospital (CMH) Lahore and Army Cardiac Centre Lahore, from Feb 2018 to Aug 2018. Methodology: A total of 92 neonates born to mothers with diabetes of aged up to 28 days of either gender were included. Preterm, post term and other multiple congenital anomalies were excluded. Patient was diagnosed as having congenital heart disease based on the results of 2-D Echocardiography done by consultant pediatric cardiologist. Findings of the 2-D Echo along with other information like name, age, gender, weight and HbA1c were recorded. Data was collected using proforma and analysis was done with statistical package for social sciences version 23. Results: Total neonates born to mothers with diabetes included in study were 92. Age of neonates ranged from 0 to 28 days with mean of 13.36 ± 4.49 days. Mostly patients 64 (69.57%) ranged between 4-15 days. Mean weight of baby was 3.24 ± 0.49 kg. Out of the 92 patients, males were 53 (57.61%) and females were 39 (42.39%) with ratio of 1.5: 1 respectively. In this study, the frequency of congenital heart disease in neonates of mothers with diabetes was 71 (77.17%) while 21 (22.83%) new born did not have congenital heart disease. Patent Ductus Arteriosus was the most common congenital heart defect in 25 (27.17%) neonates. Congenital heart defects in neonates were significantly (p=0.039) associated with weight of neonates >3kg. Moreover neonates born to the mothers with poorly controlled diabetes had significantly more chances of developing CHD (p=0.0001). Conclusion: This study has shown that the congenital heart disease is quiet frequent in neonates born to mothers with diabetes and particularly common in neonates expectant mothers with poorly controlled diabetes. © 2020, Army Medical College. All rights reserved.
Is It Safe to Manage Acute Cholecystitis Nonoperatively during Pregnancy?: A Nationwide Analysis of Morbidity According to Management Strategy; Objectives:To compare cholecystectomy (CCY) and nonoperative treatment (no-CCY) for acute cholecystitis in pregnancy.Summary of Background Data:Current Society of Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgery guidelines recommend CCY over nonoperative management of acute cholecystitis during pregnancy, and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommend medically necessary surgery regardless of trimester. This approach has been recently questioned.Methods:Pregnant women admitted with acute cholecystitis were identified using the Nationwide Readmission Database 2010-2015. Propensity-score adjusted logistic regression models were used to compare CCY and no-CCY. The primary outcome was a composite measure of adverse maternal-fetal outcomes (intrauterine death/stillbirth, poor fetal growth, abortion, preterm delivery, C-section, obstetric bleeding, infection of the amniotic fluid, venous thromboembolism).Results:There were 6390 pregnant women with acute cholecystitis: 38.2% underwent CCY, of which 5.1% were open. Patients were more likely to be managed operatively in their second trimester (First 43.9%, Second 59.1%, Third 34.2%; P < 0.01). Patients managed with CCY did not differ in age, insurance, income, Charlson Comorbidity Index, diabetes or obesity when compared to no-CCY (all P > 0.05), but were less likely to have a previous C-section, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia/eclampsia or be in the third trimester (P ≤ 0.01). Risk-adjusted analyses showed that no-CCY was associated with significantly increased maternal-fetal complications during the index admission [odds ratio 3.0 (95% confidence interval 2.08-4.34), P < 0.01] and 30-day readmissions [odds ratio 1.61 (confidence interval % CI 1.12-2.32), P < 0.01].Conclusions:Contrary to current guidelines, most pregnant women admitted in the US with acute cholecystitis are managed nonoperatively. This is associated with over twice the odds of maternal-fetal complications in addition to increased readmissions. © 2020 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Challenges in women with diabetes during the COVID-19 pandemic; The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has created significant challenges for healthcare systems across the world. The disease seems to infect men and women in equal numbers, though trends suggest that men have greater morbidity. This has been attributed to differences in immunological response, expression of angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), prevalence of comorbidities, and health-related behaviours, such as smoking. However, this cannot be taken to mean that women are somehow protected. Advanced age, smoking, diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease have emerged as the leading contributors to increased morbidity and mortality from the disease. Women with diabetes form a vulnerable group as they often receive suboptimal diabetes care and support, even though they have a high burden of comorbidities and complications. While there are challenges in healthcare delivery during the pandemic, cardiometabolic care cannot be compromised, which calls for exploring new avenues of healthcare delivery, such as telemedicine. Pregnant women with diabetes should continue to receive quality care for optimal outcomes, and the psychological health of women also needs special consideration. The management of hyperglycaemia during COVID-19 infection is important to reduce morbidity and mortality from the infection. The gendered impact of outbreaks and quarantine goes beyond biomedical and psychological aspects, and the socioeconomic impact of the pandemic is likely to affect the long-term care of women with diabetes, which creates an urgent need to create effective policies and interventions to promote optimal care in this vulnerable group. © Touch Medical Media 2020.
Are serum levels of ADAMTS5, TAS and TOS at 24–28 gestational weeks associated with adverse perinatal outcomes in gestational diabetic women?; We aimed to determine the role of placental A Disintegrin and Metalloproteinase with thrombospondin motifs 5 (ADAMTS5), and maternal serum ADAMTS5, total antioxidant status (TAS), total oxidant status (TOS) and oxidative stress index (OSI) levels at 24–28th gestational weeks in GDM. This study included 57 patients, who had been diagnosed as having GDM at their 24–28th gestational week, and 29 controls. The maternal blood samples were collected at the 24-28th gestational week and ADAMTS5 was studied with the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) method, whereas an automated colorimetric method was used to study TAS, TOS, and OSI. The level of ADAMTS5 in maternal serum of patients with GDM were significantly lower than the controls (p =.017); whereas TOS and OSI levels were significantly higher (p =.003 and p =.008). Multivariable logistic regression analysis revealed ADAMTS5 and TOS levels were independently associated with adverse perinatal outcomes (p =.004 and p =.018). We found that serum ADAMTS5 levels decreased and TOS level increased in GDM pregnant at 24–28th gestational weeks. In addition, we found that increased levels of serum ADAMTS5 and decreased TOS levels at 24–28th weeks were associated with adverse perinatal outcomes independent of the mode of treatment in GDM.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common medical complications of pregnancy. The insulin resistance, which starts at the 24–28th gestational weeks, increases during gestation. GDM increases maternal complications like preeclampsia, cesarean rate, cardiovascular disease, obesity, and diabetes after pregnancy; and neonatal complications like macrosomia, hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, delivery trauma, shoulder dystocia, and adult-onset obesity, and diabetes. What the results of this study add? A significant relationship between ADAMTS5, TOS levels and adverse perinatal outcome. insulin resistance and was observed. What the implications are of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Based on this finding, we concluded that increased levels of oxidative stress and decreased ADAMTS5 levels are associated with GDM and predictive for adverse perinatal outcomes. The results of the present study were consistent with the previous reports and indicated that increased oxidative stress in GDM patients are related to adverse perinatal outcomes. © 2019, © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Obesity and cardiovascular disease in women; As the prevalence of obesity continues to grow worldwide, the health and financial burden of obesity-related comorbidities grows too. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is clearly associated with increased adiposity. Importantly, women are at higher risk of CVD when obese and insulin resistant, in particular at higher risk of developing heart failure with preserved ejection fraction and ischemic heart disease. Increased aldosterone and mineralocorticoid receptor activation, aberrant estrogenic signaling and elevated levels of androgens are among some of the proposed mechanisms explaining the heightened CVD risk. In addition to traditional cardiovascular risk factors, understanding nontraditional risk factors specific to women, like excess weight gain during pregnancy, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and menopause are central to designing personalized interventions aimed to curb the epidemic of CVD. In the present review, we examine the available evidence supporting a differential cardiovascular impact of increased adiposity in women compared with men and the proposed pathophysiological mechanisms behind these differences. We also discuss women-specific cardiovascular risk factors associated with obesity and insulin resistance. © 2020, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular Risk Factors, and Future Heart Disease; Heart disease is the leading cause of mortality in adult women. Beyond the traditional risk factors of obesity, diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia, women with the pregnancy complications of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, prematurity, and low birth weight for gestational age (fetal growth restriction) are at higher risk for later development of cardiovascular disease. Education of women and providers about the association of pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease should begin in the postpartum period. Postpartum cardiovascular risk screening and lifestyle modifications should be considered standard of care and are essential to improving cardiac health as a preventive strategy. © 2020
Obstetric and neonatal outcomes of clozapine exposure in pregnancy: a consecutive case series; Clozapine is an effective antipsychotic that can lead to symptom resolution and functional recovery in patients with schizophrenia. Its available pregnancy safety data remain limited, which presents a challenge for clinicians managing women of reproductive age on clozapine. We retrospectively studied a consecutive case series of nine pregnancies where there was clozapine exposure. Our case series demonstrates that pregnant women on clozapine treatment can remain stable psychiatrically, but are vulnerable obstetrically, with high rates of obesity and gestational diabetes. Their babies also have poor neonatal adjustment, often requiring neonatal resuscitation. Furthermore, we report on clozapine-related side effects, changes in clozapine levels during pregnancy as well as variation in foetal wellbeing monitoring. These findings have implications for pregnancy care for women taking clozapine and require further exploration. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Austria, part of Springer Nature.
Skipping breakfast before and during early pregnancy and incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus: The Japan Environment and Children's Study; There is little evidence linking breakfast skipping to the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Objectives: We aimed to evaluate the prospective association of breakfast consumption with the incidence of GDM. Methods: A total of 103,099 pregnancies were registered during study enrollment (January 2011 to March 2014), involving 97,454 pregnant women from 15 areas across Japan. Singleton pregnant women free of GDM, stroke, heart disease, cancer, and type 1 or type 2 diabetes at the study enrollment were eligible for analysis. We used a self-administered questionnaire to obtain data on demographic information, socioeconomic status, self-rated health status, disease history, lifestyle, and dietary habits of each woman at study enrollment. A semiquantitative FFQ was used for dietary assessment. We used logistic regression to obtain the OR of GDM in relation to breakfast consumption. Results: Among 84,669 pregnant women for analysis, 1935 cases of GDM were documented. After adjustment for potential confounding factors including prepregnancy BMI, the multivariable-adjusted ORs of GDM for women who consumed breakfast 5-6 times/wk, 3-4 times/wk, and 0-2 times/wk were 1.09 (95% CI: 0.93, 1.27), 1.14 (95% CI: 0.96, 1.34), and 1.21 (95% CI: 1.05, 1.41), respectively, compared with daily breakfast eaters. The association appeared to be dose dependent (P-trend = 0.006) and was not significantly modified by prepregnancy BMI. Conclusions: Breakfast consumption <3 times/wk before and during early pregnancy, compared with daily consumption, was associated with an increased odds of developing GDM. © The Author(s) 2020.
Consumption of ultra-processed foods and health outcomes: A systematic review of epidemiological studies; Background: Consumption of ultra-processed foods (UPFs) plays a potential role in the development of obesity and other diet-related noncommunicable diseases (NCDs), but no studies have systematically focused on this. This study aimed to summarize the evidence for the association between UPFs consumption and health outcomes. Methods: A comprehensive search was conducted in PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science to identify all relevant studies. Epidemiological studies were included, and identified studies were evaluated for risk of bias.A narrative review of the synthesized findings was provided to assess the association between UPFs consumption and health outcomes. Results: 20 studies (12 cohort and 8 cross-sectional studies) were included in the analysis, with a total of 334,114 participants and 10 health outcomes. In a narrative review, high UPFs consumption was obviously associated with an increased risk of all-cause mortality, overall cardiovascular diseases, coronary heart diseases, cerebrovascular diseases, hypertension, metabolic syndrome, overweight and obesity, depression, irritable bowel syndrome, overall cancer, postmenopausal breast cancer, gestational obesity, adolescent asthma and wheezing, and frailty. It showed no significant association with cardiovascular disease mortality, prostate and colorectal cancers, gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational overweight. Conclusions: This study indicated a positive association between UPFs consumption and risk of several health outcomes. Large-scale prospective designed studies are needed to confirm our findings.  © 2020 The Author(s).
Diabetes mellitus; Diabetes mellitus is a complex group of chronic diseases with different etiology, clinical course and evolution, in which hyperglycemia is their common link, triggering defects in insulin secretion and/or its mechanism of action causing disorders in distinct organs and systems. Diabetes is classified according with its etiology, highlighting type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes, and other types, mainly monogenic diabetes (MODY) or associated to other conditions. A rapid onset of hyperglycemia can cause acute complications (diabetic ketoacidosis, hypoglycemia), or chronic ones occurring mainly both at the micro- (retinopathy, nephropathy, neuropathy) and at the macrovascular level (ischemic heart disease, stroke, peripheral arterial disease). Diagnostic criteria are based on fasting blood glucose, postprandial blood glucose and glycated hemoglobin levels, distinguishing among prediabetes or diabetes. Deeper medical assessment is required in order to know the baseline status of the patient to detect comorbidities and vascular complications already present. Patient has to be trained in the diabetes management from the beginning, and follow-up planning has to be stablished. © 2019
Metformin should not be used to treat prediabetes; Based on the results of the Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study (DPPOS), in which metformin significantly decreased the development of diabetes in individuals with baseline fasting plasma glucose (FPG) concentrations of 110–125 vs. 100–109 mg/dL (6.1–6.9 vs. 5.6–6.0 mmol/L) and A1C levels 6.0–6.4% (42–46 mmol/ mol) vs. <6.0% and in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, it has been suggested that metformin should be used to treat people with prediabetes. Since the association between prediabetes and cardiovascular disease is due to the associated nonglycemic risk factors in people with prediabetes, not to the slightly increased glycemia, the only reason to treat with metformin is to delay or prevent the development of diabetes. There are three reasons not to do so. First, approximately two-thirds of people with prediabetes do not develop diabetes, even after many years. Second, approximately one-third of people with prediabetes return to normal glucose regulation. Third, people who meet the glycemic criteria for prediabetes are not at risk for the microvascular complications of diabetes and thus metformin treatment will not affect this important outcome. Why put people who are not at risk for the microvascular complications of diabetes on a drug (possibly for the rest of their lives) that has no immediate advantage except to lower subdiabetes glycemia to even lower levels? Rather, individuals at the highest risk for developing diabetes-i.e., those with FPG concentrations of 110–125 mg/dL (6.1– 6.9 mmol/L) or A1C levels of 6.0–6.4% (42–46 mmol/mol) or women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus-should be followed closely and metformin im-mediately introduced only when they are diagnosed with diabetes. © 2020 by the American Diabetes Association.
Sex differences in offspring neurodevelopment, cognitive performance and microglia morphology associated with maternal diabetes: Putative targets for insulin therapy; Diabetes during pregnancy has been shown to affect the central nervous system (CNS) of the offspring, resulting in short- and long-term adverse effects. Children of diabetic mothers are more likely to develop cognitive impairment, also having increased susceptibility to psychiatric disorders. Microglia, the immune cells of the CNS, work as sensors of environmental changes, namely metabolic challenges, as early as the intrauterine period. During this period, microglia is actively involved in processes of neurogenesis, synaptic pruning and detection of any environmental alteration that may impact brain development. The remarkable sex dimorphism in neurodevelopment, as well as sex differences in the morphology and immune function of microglia during development, led us to clarify if maternal diabetes affects specific behavioral traits and microglia morphology during infancy in a sex-specific manner. Another important goal of this study was to clarify if insulin, the gold standard treatment of diabetes during gestation, could prevent maternal diabetes-induced behavioral changes, as well as microglia morphology, also considering sex specificities. Other molecular and cellular players potentially involved in the link between changes in metabolism and behavior were also analyzed in the hippocampus, a brain region implicated in cognition and other behavioral outcomes. Diabetes during pregnancy globally delayed female and male offspring development and was associated with impairments in recognition memory, but only in female offspring. In line with these results, at early and late infancy, some molecular and cellular markers were altered in offspring hippocampus in a sex-specific manner. The strict control of glycemia by insulin during pregnancy prevented most of the negative effects induced by uncontrolled hyperglycemia. Notably, insulin administration to diabetic dams may also modulate offspring development in a way that differs from what is observed in physiological conditions, since it promoted the expedited acquisition of developmental milestones and of discrimination ability at memory test, also inducing a hyper-ramification of male and female hippocampal microglia. Importantly, this study highlights the importance of analyzing the impact of maternal diabetes and insulin therapy, taking into account sex differences, since male and female present different vulnerabilities to hyperglycemia in this critical period of life. © 2020 The Authors
Induction of labour indications and timing: A systematic analysis of clinical guidelines; Background: There is widespread and some unexplained variation in induction of labour rates between hospitals. Some practice variation may stem from variability in clinical guidelines. This review aimed to identify to what extent induction of labour guidelines provide consistent recommendations in relation to reasons for, and timing of, induction of labour and ascertain whether inconsistencies can be explained by variability guideline quality. Method: We conducted a systematic search of national and international English-language guidelines published between 2008 and 2018. General induction of labour guidelines and condition-specific guidelines containing induction of labour recommendations were searched. Guidelines were reviewed and extracted independently by two reviewers. Guideline quality was assessed using the Appraisal of Guidelines for Research and Evaluation II Instrument. Findings: Forty nine guidelines of varying quality were included. Indications where guidelines had mostly consistent advice included prolonged pregnancy (induction between 41 and 42 weeks), preterm premature rupture of membranes, and term preeclampsia (induction when preeclampsia diagnosed ≥37 weeks). Guidelines were also consistent in agreeing on decreased fetal movements and oligohydramnios as valid indications for induction, although timing recommendations were absent or inconsistent. Common indications where there was little consensus on validity and/or timing of induction included gestational diabetes, fetal macrosomia, elevated maternal body mass index, and twin pregnancy. Conclusion: Substantial variation in clinical practice guidelines for indications for induction exists. As guidelines rated of similar quality presented conflicting recommendations, guideline variability was not explained by guideline quality. Guideline variability may partly account for unexplained variation in induction of labour rates. © 2019 Australian College of Midwives
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Are Associated with Reduced Coronary Flow Reserve in Women with Signs and Symptoms of Ischemia Without Obstructive Coronary Artery Disease: A Report from the Women's Ischemia Syndrome Evaluation-Coronary Vascular Dysfunction Study; Background: We assessed history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) in the Women's Ischemia Syndrome Evaluation - Coronary Vascular Dysfunction (WISE-CVD) cohort of women with signs and symptoms of ischemia without obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD). We hypothesized that women with CMD with symptoms and signs of ischemia, without obstructive CAD, are more likely to have a history of APO. Materials and Methods: WISE-CVD recruited women with suspected ischemia found to have no obstructive CAD (n = 324). A subset of these women underwent coronary reactivity testing, including coronary flow reserve (CFR) (n = 185). Relationship between history of any APO and CMD was assessed by multivariable linear regression analyses. APOs included any of the following: hypertension during pregnancy, preeclampsia, eclampsia, gestational diabetes, or intrauterine growth restriction (low-birth-weight child). Results: Overall, 79/324 (24%) women reported at least one APO. Women with APOs were younger (52 vs. 56 years, p = 0.001), were more likely obese (body mass index 32 vs. 29 kg/m2, p = 0.004), and had a history of hypertension (56% vs 36%, p = 0.002), but otherwise had no additional differences in cardiac risk variables versus women without APOs. Among the subgroup who underwent invasive CFR testing (n = 185), those with an APO had lower CFR (2.53 vs. 2.76, p = 0.016) versus those without APO. Conclusions: History of APOs in women with signs and symptoms of ischemia without obstructive CAD is associated with lower CFR indicative of CMD. Whether common pathways involving diffuse microvascular dysfunction may account for this suggested association remains unclear. Further investigation is needed to expand on these exploratory findings. © Copyright 2020, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers.
Comparison of effectiveness of routine antenatal care with a midwife-managed clinic service in prevention of gestational diabetes mellitus in early pregnancy at a hospital in China; Background: Women with normal fasting glucose (FPG) range (5.1 £FPG <6.09 mmol/L) in early pregnancy are at high risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of this study was to compare the effectiveness of routine antenatal care with a midwife-managed clinic service in the prevention of GDM in early pregnancy at a hospital in China. Material/Methods: We designed a prospective observational clinical study among pregnancy women with normal fasting glucose (FPG) range (5.1 £FPG <6.09 mmol/L) in early pregnancy. Routine antenatal care was compared with a midwife-managed clinic service providing diet and exercise education before week 16. A 75-g OGTT was performed at weeks 24-28 for both groups. Results of OGTT and gestational weight gain were compared between the 2 groups. Results: Of the 592 eligible women, 296 women received the antenatal nursing clinic service and 296 were enrolled in a control group. Thirty-three women were lost to follow-up during the study, leaving 279 in the intervention group and 280 in the control group. Baseline demographic characteristics were similar between the 2 groups. GDM was diagnosed in 115 participants (41.2%) in the intervention group and 141 (50.4%) in the control group. Subgroup analysis showed a significantly lower rate of GDM in the intervention group among the No-IVF population (37.8% vs. 49.0%, P=0.01%). For pre-pregnancy BMI, significant differences were found in the incidence of GDM and maternal hypertension between the different groups, showing that the overweight group benefited most from the midwife-managed antenatal clinic service. Conclusions: The midwife-managed clinic service was feasible and effective in the prevention of GDM. © Med Sci Monit 2020
Pregnancy loss is associated with type 2 diabetes: a nationwide case–control study; Aims/hypothesis: Type 2 diabetes is killing more people than ever, and early-life predictors remain critical for the development of effective preventive strategies. Pregnancy loss is a common event associated with later atherosclerotic disease and ischaemic heart failure and might constitute a predictor for type 2 diabetes. The objective of this study was to investigate whether pregnancy loss is associated with later development of type 2 diabetes. Methods: Using a Danish nationwide cohort, we identified all women born from 1957 through to 1997 and who had a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes during the period 1977 to 2017. The women were matched 1:10 on year of birth and educational level to women without diabetes in the general Danish population. Conditional logistic regression models provided odds ratios for type 2 diabetes with different numbers of pregnancy losses. Results: We identified 24,774 women with type 2 diabetes and selected 247,740 controls without diabetes. Women who had ever been pregnant (ever-pregnant women) with 1, 2 and ≥ 3 pregnancy losses had ORs of type 2 diabetes of 1.18 (95% CI 1.13, 1.23), 1.38 (95% CI 1.27, 1.49) and 1.71 (95% CI 1.53, 1.92) compared with ever-pregnant women with no pregnancy losses, respectively. Women who never achieved a pregnancy had an OR of type 2 diabetes of 1.56 (95% CI 1.51, 1.61) compared with ever-pregnant women with any number of losses. Similar results were found after adjustment for obesity and gestational diabetes. Conclusions/interpretation: We found a significant and consistent association between pregnancy loss and later type 2 diabetes that increased with increasing number of losses. Thus, pregnancy loss and recurrent pregnancy loss are significant risk factors for later type 2 diabetes. Future studies should explore whether this association is due to common background factors or whether prediabetic metabolic conditions are responsible for this association. [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. © 2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Maternal fats and pregnancy complications: Implications for long-term health; Pregnancy imposes increased nutritional requirements for the well being of the mother and fetus. Maternal lipid metabolism is critical for fetal development and long-term health of the offspring as it plays a key role in energy storage, tissue growth and cell signaling. Maternal fat composition is considered as a modifiable risk for abnormal lipid metabolism and glucose tolerance during pregnancy. Data derived from observational studies demonstrate that higher intake of saturated fats during pregnancy is associated with pregnancy complications (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and preterm delivery) and poor birth outcomes (intra uterine growth retardation and large for gestational age babies). On the other hand, prenatal long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids status is shown to improve birth outome. In this article, we discuss the role of maternal lipids during pregnancy on fetal growth and development and its consequences on the health of the offspring. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Thrombin/PAR-1 activation induces endothelial damages via NLRP1 inflammasome in gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of progressing to type 2 DM and cardiovascular disease; however, the pathogenesis is still poorly understood. This study was to investigate roles of thrombin and its receptor protease-activated receptor 1 (PAR-1) and NLRP1 inflammasome in endothelial injury in GDM condition. Umbilical cord and plasma of GDM patients and high glucose (HG) cultured human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) were used to examine the pathological changes of these pathways. Meanwhile, ameliorative effects and potential mechanisms of a natural product sarsasapogenin (Sar) were investigated in HUVECs. Thrombin/PAR-1 pathway, advanced glycation endproducts (AGEs) and their receptor (RAGE) axis, and the nucleotide-binding domain and leucine-rich repeat containing protein 1 (NLRP1) inflammasome were activated in GDM condition and HG-cultured HUVECs, accompanied by endothelial injury (decreased cell viability and increased lactate dehydrogenase release). Nevertheless, thrombin inhibition or PAR-1 antagonism caused decreases in AGEs formation and RAGE expression in HG-cultured HUVECs, while AGEs inhibition or RAGE antagonism declined PAR-1 expression not thrombin activity. Furthermore, thrombin inhibition or PAR-1 antagonism restrained NLRP1 inflammasome activation in HG-cultured HUVECs; meanwhile, NLRP1 expression and interleukin 18 levels were remarkably reduced in HG-cultured HUVECs after PAR-1 knockdown. Interestingly, Sar co-treatment could suppress thrombin/PAR-1 pathway, NLRP1 inflammasome, and AGEs/RAGE axis. Together, endothelial damages in GDM were likely due to enhanced interaction between AGEs/RAGE axis and thrombin/PAR-1 pathway, followed by NLRP1 inflammasome activation. Moreover, Sar may act as a protective agent against endothelial injury in chronic HG condition. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Acute Glucose Load, Inflammation, Oxidative Stress, Nonenzymatic Glycation, and Screening for Gestational Diabetes; Aims: To investigate if oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) associates with changes in maternal symptoms (ie, flushing, sweating), blood nonenzymatic advanced glycation end products (AGE), acute-phase reactive inflammatory markers, and oxidative stress. Methods: Prospective case–control study of patients screened for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). One hundred nonfasting, second-trimester consecutive pregnant women allocated to either 50 g OGTT or water. Five women who had a 3-hour fasting 100 g OGTT also enrolled. Maternal serum glucose, AGE, soluble receptor for AGE (sRAGE), interleukin (IL)-6, and C-reactive protein (CRP) were immunoassayed. Total radical-trapping antioxidant parameter (TRAP) estimated with antioxidant capacityperoxyl assay. Data corrected for gestational age and maternal body mass index. Results: During 50 g OGTT there was a decrease in systolic blood pressure not accompanied by the onset of adverse clinical symptoms. There was a decrease in serum glucose levels 1 hour after water (P =.019) but not glucose ingestion. Serum CRP (P =.001) but not IL-6 was increased. The AGE, sRAGE, and TRAP levels remained unchanged. Similar results were seen during 100 g OGTT, except serum glucose was significantly elevated after 1 hour. Conclusion: Results suggest screening tools for gestational diabetes are safe and clinically well tolerated during pregnancy. Clinical Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03029546. © 2019, The Author(s).
Factors associated with poor-to-moderate quality of life among pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study in Malaysia; Purpose: This study aimed to identify factors associated with poor-to-moderate quality of life (QOL) among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in two tertiary hospitals in Malaysia. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted among 526 pregnant women with GDM in two tertiary hospitals in Malaysia. Diabetes-related QOL was assessed using the Asian Diabetes Quality of Life Scale (AsianDQoL). Socio-demographic characteristics, glucose monitoring treatments for GDM, past obstetric history, concurrent medical problems and a family history of diseases were captured from patient records. A multiple logistic regression was used for analysis. Results: A total of 526 respondents with GDM entered the analysis. The median age of the respondents was 32 (interquartile range = 7) while 82.3% were Malay women. More than half of the respondents (69.5%) received an oral hypoglycaemic agent (OHA), and/or diet modification in controlling their GDM. The study reported that 23.2% of the respondents had poor-to-moderate QOL. Those with a family history of depression and/or anxiety (adjusted Odds ratio [AOR] 6.934, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.280–21.081), and a family history of GDM (AOR 1.814, 95% CI 1.185–2.778) were at higher odds of suffering from poor-to-moderate QOL compared to those without a family history. Similarly, those who received insulin, with or without OHA, and/or are on diet modification (AOR 1.955, 95% CI 1.243–3.074) were at higher odds of suffering from poor-to-moderate QOL compared to those receiving OHA and/or diet modification. Conclusion: Nearly one-quarter of Malaysian women with GDM have poor-to-moderate QOL. GDM women with a family history of depression and/or anxiety, family history of GDM, and those who received insulin, with or without OHA, and/or are on diet modification were associated with poor-to-moderate QOL. Trial registration: NMRR-17-2264-37814. © 2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on vascular endothelial function in pregnant women; Objective: To explore the impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on vascular endothelial function in pregnant women with endothelium-dependent flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) technology, and to observe the clinical value of FMD. Methods: Totally 29 pregnant women with GDM (observation group) and 34 normal pregnant women (control group) were collected. Endothelium-dependent FMD technology was used to obtain the right brachial artery FMD value before pregnancy, on the metaphase of pregnancy and 12 weeks postpartum. Clinical data, including pregnant women's age, heart rate, body mass index, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, total cholesterol, triglyceride and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results were recorded and compared between 2 groups. FMD values were analyzed between groups and within group at different time points, and the impact factors of FMD values were explored. Results: FMD values showed first downward and then rising trend in both 2groups. Statistical differences of FMD values were found between observation group (F=85.50) and control group (F=89.59) at all 3 time points (all P<0.05), also at 3 time points between groups (F=39.01, P<0.05).There was no statistical difference of FMD values between 2 groups before pregnancy (F=0.68, P>0.05), while FMD of metaphase pregnancy (F=16.88) and 12 weeks postpartum (F=60.83) in control group were both larger than in observation group (both P<0.05).Blood glucose 2 hours after taking sugar and diastolic blood pressure had obvious impact on FMD value. Conclusion: GDM may lead to irreversible vascular endothelial dysfunction in pregnant women. Using FMD technology can noninvasively evaluate vascular endothelial function of GDM, which is expected to provide a new way for screening postpartum cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases in GDM pregnant women. Copyright © 2020 by the Press of Chinese Journal of Medical Imaging and Technology.
Feasibility and Utility of a Cardiovascular Risk Screening Tool in Women Undergoing Routine Gynecology Evaluation; Background: The goals of this multicenter survey were to examine the prevalence and patient awareness of cardiovascular risk factors, and the association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO-including gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, and preeclampsia) and prevalence of cardiovascular risks among women presenting to outpatient obstetrics/gynecology (OB/GYN) clinics. Materials and Methods: We surveyed 2,946 female patients attending 16 outpatient OB/GYN clinics across the United States between January 2010 and January 2012. Main outcome measures were self-reported cardiovascular risk factors and symptoms such as angina and dyspnea. Results: Mean age of the patients was 51 ± 13.6 years. Cardiovascular risks and symptoms were highly prevalent (86.0% and 40.1%, respectively). Many patients did not know if they had common risk factors such as hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, or diabetes (18.4%, 32.0%, and 17.9%, respectively). Women with a history of APO were slightly more likely to be aware of common risk factors, including abnormal blood pressure (17% vs. 18.6%), high cholesterol (31.7% vs. 32%), and obesity/elevated body mass index (43.9% vs. 49.7%). Compared with patients with no history of APO, patients with APO (n = 380, 12.9%) were more likely to have risk factors (89.5% vs. 83.9%, p = 0.002) and symptoms (45.5% vs. 39.3%, p = 0.02). Conclusions: Awareness of cardiovascular risk factors and symptoms among all women surveyed in this study was poor, although awareness for some risk factors was relatively higher among patients with APO. This study demonstrates the feasibility of cardiovascular assessment in OB/GYN clinics using a simple questionnaire and its potential role for early recognition and timely intervention.  © 2020, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers.
Associations of maternal glycemia in the first half of pregnancy with alterations in cardiac structure and function in childhood; OBJECTIVE Gestational diabetes mellitus has been associated with offspring cardiac congenital malformations, ventricular hypertrophy, and diastolic dysfunction in large obser-vational cohort studies and experimental animal models. We assessed the associations of maternal random glucose concentrations across the full range with childhood cardiac ventricular structure and function. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS In a population-based prospective cohort among 1,959 women and their offspring, maternal random glucose concentrations were measured at a median 13.1 weeks’ gestation (95% range 10.5–16.8 weeks). We obtained offspring cardiac outcomes, relative to body size, through cardiac MRI at 10 years. RESULTS The mean maternal random glucose concentration was 4.4 mmol/L (SD 0.8). The highest quintile of maternal glucose concentrations, compared with the lowest quintile, was associated with a lower childhood left ventricular mass (-0.19 SD score [SDS]; 95% CI-0.31,-0.07) and left ventricular end-diastolic volume (-0.17 SDS; 95%-0.28,-0.05). Also, higher maternal glucose concentrations across the full range per 1 mmol/L increase were associated with a lower childhood left ventricular mass and left ventricular end-diastolic volume (P values ≤0.05). Adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI, gestational age, and weight at birth or childhood BMI and blood pressure did not influence the effect estimates. Maternal glucose concentrations were not significantly associated with childhood right ventricular end-diastolic volume or left and right ventricular ejection fraction. CONCLUSIONS Higher maternal random glucose concentrations in the first half of pregnancy are associated with a lower childhood left ventricular mass and left ventricular end-diastolic volume, with the strongest associations for childhood left ventricular mass. These associations were not explained by maternal, birth, or childhood character-istics. Further studies are needed to replicate these findings using repeated maternal glucose measurements throughout pregnancy and offspring cardiac outcomes throughout childhood and adulthood. © 2020 by the American Diabetes Associatio.
CAV1-CAVIN1-LC3B-mediated autophagy regulates high glucose-stimulated LDL transcytosis; Diabetes is a recognized high-risk factor for the development of atherosclerosis, in which macroautophagy/autophagy is emerging to play essential roles. The retention of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particles in subendothelial space following transcytosis across the endothelium is the initial step of atherosclerosis. Here, we identified that high glucose could promote atherosclerosis by stimulating transcytosis of LDL. By inhibiting AMPK-MTOR-PIK3C3 pathway, high glucose suppresses the CAV-CAVIN-LC3B-mediated autophagic degradation of CAV1; therefore, more CAV1 is accumulated in the cytosol and utilized to form more caveolae in the cell membrane and facilitates the LDL transcytosis across endothelial cells. For a proof of concept, higher levels of lipids were accumulated in the subendothelial space of umbilical venous walls from pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), compared to those of pregnant women without GDM. Our results reveal that high glucose stimulates LDL transcytosis by a novel CAV1-CAVIN1-LC3B signaling-mediated autophagic degradation pathway. Abbreviations: 3-MA: 3-methyladenine; ACTB: actin beta; AMPK: AMP-activated protein kinase; Bafi: bafilomycin A1; CAV1: caveolin-1; CAVIN1: caveolae associated protein 1; CSD: the CAV1 scaffolding domain; GDM: gestational diabetes mellitus; IMD: intramembrane domain; LIR: LC3-interacting region; MAP1LC3/LC3: microtubule- associated protein 1 light chain 3; MFI: mean fluorescence intensity; MTOR: mechanistic target of rapamycin kinase; PIK3C3/VPS34: phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase catalytic subunit type 3; SQSTM1/p62: sequestosome 1. © 2019, © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Abnormal fetal echocardiography in diabetic pregnant women at a tertiary care hospital: A descriptive cross-sectional study; Introduction: The sedentary lifestyle of women and change in their food habits has a significant role in developing diabetes in pregnancies. This leads to an increased chance of fetal cardiac abnormality born by a mother with gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes. The objective of the study is to find out the prevalence of abnormal fetal echocardiography in gestational and pre-existing diabetic pregnant women at a tertiary care hospital. Methods: A descriptive cross-sectional study was conducted among 104 diabetic pregnant women in a tertiary care hospital from April 15, 2017, to April 14, 2018. Ethical approval was obtained from the institutional review committee. The convenient sampling method was used. The patients who were diagnosed as gestational diabetes and diabetic before pregnancy were included in the study. Fetal echocardiography was mainly done at a gestational age of 22-32 weeks depending upon the time of diagnosis of gestational diabetes and for pre-diabetic women, fetal echocardiography was done at 24-26 weeks of gestation. Statistical analysis was done using the Statistical Package of the Social Sciences version 20. Results: Among 104 patients, 16 (15.38%) patients had abnormal fetal echocardiography. Eighty-three (79.81%) were gestational diabetics, 21 (20.19%) were pre-existing diabetic women. Among 83 gestational diabetes, 7 (8.4%) had abnormal echo finding and among 21 pre-existing diabetics, 9 (42.8%) had abnormal echo finding. Conclusions: There was an increased chance of fetal cardiac malformation in gestational diabetic and pre-existing diabetics diabetic especially in an uncontrolled glycemic state. And, if they were diagnosed prenatally, clinical outcomes for both mother and fetus would have been better. © 2020, Nepal Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Secretagogin is related to insulin secretion but unrelated to gestational diabetes mellitus status in pregnancy; Secretagogin (SCGN) is a calcium binding protein related to insulin release in the pancreas. Although SCGN is not co-released with insulin, plasma concentrations have been found to be increased in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. Until now, no study on SCGN levels in pregnancy or patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been published. In 93 women of a high-risk population for GDM at the Medical University of Vienna, secretagogin levels of 45 GDM patients were compared to 48 women with a normal glucose tolerance (NGT). Glucose tolerance, insulin resistance and secretion were assessed with oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) between the 10th and 28th week of gestation (GW) and postpartum. In all women, however, predominantly in women with NGT, there was a significant positive correlation between SCGN levels and Stumvoll first (rp = 0.220, p = 0.032) and second phase index (rp = 0.224, p = 0.028). SCGN levels were not significantly different in women with NGT and GDM. However, SCGN was higher postpartum than during pregnancy (postpartum: 88.07 ± 35.63 pg/mL; pregnancy: 75.24 ± 37.90 pg/mL, p = 0.004). SCGN was directly correlated with week of gestation (rp = 0.308; p = 0.021) and triglycerides (rp = 0.276; p = 0.038) in women with GDM. Therefore, SCGN is related to insulin secretion and hyperinsulinemia during pregnancy; however, it does not display differences between women with NGT and GDM. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Gestational Diabetes: Importance of Follow-up Screening for the Benefit of Long-term Health; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common obstetric metabolic disorder. Long-term health consequences, including type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease, are common with GDM. Postpartum glucose screening is recommended for women with a prior GDM pregnancy. Rates of postpartum screening compliance remain low. Interventions ranging from appointment reminder systems to personalized chronic disease education are being used, emphasizing future chronic disease risk for patients with a history of GDM. With these practice changes, clinicians can more thoroughly engage in the early identification, intervention, and prevention of chronic disease for women with a history of GDM. © 2020
Recommendations for management of diabetes during Ramadan: update 2020, applying the principles of the ADA/EASD consensus; Fasting the Holy month of Ramadan constitutes one of the five pillars of the Muslim faith. Although there is some evidence that intermittent fasting during Ramadan may be of benefit in losing weight and cardiometabolic risk factors, there is no strong evidence these benefits apply to people with diabetes. The American Diabetes Association/European Association for the Study of Diabetes consensus recommendations emphasize the importance of patient factors and comorbidities when choosing diabetes medications including the presence of comorbidities, atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, heart failure, chronic kidney disease, hypoglycemia risk, weight issues and costs. Structured education and pre-Ramadan counseing are key components to successful management of patients with diabetes. These should cover important aspects like glycemic targets, self-monitoring of blood glucose, diet, physical activity including Taraweeh prayers, medication and dose adjustment, side effects and when to break the fast. The decision cycle adapted for the specific situation of Ramadan provides an aid for such an assessment. Children with type 1 diabetes should strongly be advised not to fast due to the high risk of acute complications such as hypoglycemia and probably diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA), although there is very little evidence that DKA is increased in Ramadan. Pregnant women with diabetes or gestational diabetes should be advised to avoid fasting because of possible negative maternal and fetal outcomes. Hypoglycemia is a common concern during Ramadan fasting. To prevent hypoglycemic and hyperglycemic events, we recommend the adoption of diabetes self-management education and support principles. The use of the emerging technology and continuous glucose monitoring during Ramadan could help to recognize hypoglycemic and hyperglycemic complications related to omission and/or medication adjustment during fasting; however, the cost represents a significant barrier. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2020.
The Human Breast Milk Metabolome in Overweight and Obese Mothers; Pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) is a major relevance factor, since maternal overweight and obesity can impair the pregnancy outcome and represent risk factors for several neonatal, childhood, and adult conditions, including excessive weight gain, cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, and even behavioral disorders. Currently, breast milk (BM) composition in such category of mothers was not completely defined. In this field, metabolomics represents the ideal technology, able to detect the whole profile of low molecular weight molecules in BM. Limited information is available on human BM metabolites differences in overweight or obese compared to lean mothers. Analyzing all the metabolomics studies published on Medline in English language, this review evaluated the effects that 8 specific types of metabolites found altered by maternal overweight and obesity (nucleotide derivatives, 5-methylthioadenosine, sugar-alcohols, acylcarnitine and amino acids, polyamines, mono-and oligosaccharides, lipids) can exert on the risk of offspring obesity development and other potentially associated health outcomes and complications. However, metabolites variations in samples collected from overweight and obese mothers and the potentially correlated effects highlighted below still need further investigations and should be confirmed in future metabolomics studies on larger samples. Finally, the positive or negative influence of maternal overweight and obesity on the offspring, potentially exerted by breastfeeding, should be analyzed in close correlation with maternal age, genetic and environmental factors, including diet, and taking into account the interactions occurring between BM metabolites and lactobiome. The evaluation of all the factors affecting BM metabolites in overweight and obese mothers can lead to the comprehensive description of such biofluid and the related effects on breastfed subjects, potentially highlighting personalized needs of BM supplementation or short- and long-term prevention strategies to optimize offspring health. © Copyright © 2020 Bardanzellu, Puddu, Peroni and Fanos.
Curcumin: Could this compound be useful in pregnancy and pregnancy-related complications?; Curcumin, the main polyphenol contained in turmeric root (Curcuma longa), has played a significant role in medicine for centuries. The growing interest in plant-derived substances has led to increased consumption of them also in pregnancy. The pleiotropic and multi-targeting actions of curcumin have made it very attractive as a health-promoting compound. In spite of the beneficial effects observed in various chronic diseases in humans, limited and fragmentary information is currently available about curcumin’s effects on pregnancy and pregnancy-related complications. It is known that immune-metabolic alterations occurring during pregnancy have consequences on both maternal and fetal tissues, leading to short-and long-term complications. The reported anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, antitoxicant, neuroprotective, immunomodulatory, antiapoptotic, antiangiogenic, anti-hypertensive, and antidiabetic properties of curcumin appear to be encouraging, not only for the management of pregnancy-related disorders, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia (PE), depression, preterm birth, and fetal growth disorders but also to contrast damage induced by natural and chemical toxic agents. The current review summarizes the latest data, mostly obtained from animal models and in vitro studies, on the impact of curcumin on the molecular mechanisms involved in pregnancy pathophysiology, with the aim to shed light on the possible beneficial and/or adverse effects of curcumin on pregnancy outcomes. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Metformin in women with type 2 diabetes in pregnancy (MiTy): a multicentre, international, randomised, placebo-controlled trial; Background: Although metformin is increasingly being used in women with type 2 diabetes during pregnancy, little data exist on the benefits and harms of metformin use on pregnancy outcomes in these women. We aimed to investigate the effects of the addition of metformin to a standard regimen of insulin on neonatal morbidity and mortality in pregnant women with type 2 diabetes. Methods: In this prospective, multicentre, international, randomised, parallel, double-masked, placebo-controlled trial, women with type 2 diabetes during pregnancy were randomly assigned from 25 centres in Canada and four in Australia to receive either metformin 1000 mg twice daily or placebo, added to insulin. Randomisation was done via a web-based computerised randomisation service and stratified by centre and pre-pregnancy BMI (<30 kg/m2 or ≥30 kg/m2) in a ratio of 1:1 using random block sizes of 4 and 6. Women were eligible if they had type 2 diabetes, were on insulin, had a singleton viable pregnancy, and were between 6 and 22 weeks plus 6 days' gestation. Participants were asked to check their fasting blood glucose level before the first meal of the day, before the last meal of the day, and 2 h after each meal. Insulin doses were adjusted aiming for identical glucose targets (fasting glucose <5·3 mmol/L [95 mg/dL], 2-h postprandial glucose <6·7 mmol/L [120 mg/dL]). Study visits were done monthly and patients were seen every 1–4 weeks as was needed for standard clinical care. At study visits blood pressure and bodyweight were measured; patients were asked about tolerance to their pills, any hospitalisations, insulin doses, and severe hypoglycaemia events; and glucometer readings were downloaded to the central coordinating centre. Participants, caregivers, and outcome assessors were masked to the intervention. The primary outcome was a composite of fetal and neonatal outcomes, for which we calculated the relative risk and 95% CI between groups, stratifying by site and BMI using a log-binomial regression model with an intention-to-treat analysis. Secondary outcomes included several relevant maternal and neonatal outcomes. The trial was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01353391. Findings: Between May 25, 2011, and Oct 11, 2018, we randomly assigned 502 women, 253 (50%) to metformin and 249 (50%) to placebo. Complete data were available for 233 (92%) participants in the metformin group and 240 (96%) in the placebo group for the primary outcome. We found no significant difference in the primary composite neonatal outcome between the two groups (40% vs 40%; p=0·86; relative risk [RR] 1·02 [0·83 to 1·26]). Compared with women in the placebo group, metformin-treated women achieved better glycaemic control (HbA1c at 34 weeks' gestation 41·0 mmol/mol [SD 8·5] vs 43·2 mmol/mol [–10]; 5·90% vs 6·10%; p=0·015; mean glucose 6·05 [0·93] vs 6·27 [0·90]; difference −0·2 [–0·4 to 0·0]), required less insulin (1·1 units per kg per day vs 1·5 units per kg per day; difference −0·4 [95% CI −0·5 to −0·2]; p<0·0001), gained less weight (7·2 kg vs 9·0 kg; difference −1·8 [–2·7 to −0·9]; p<0·0001) and had fewer caesarean births (125 [53%] of 234 in the metformin group vs 148 [63%] of 236 in the placebo group; relative risk [RR] 0·85 [95% CI 0·73 to 0·99]; p=0·031). We found no significant difference between the groups in hypertensive disorders (55 [23%] in the metformin group vs 56 [23%] in the placebo group; p=0·93; RR 0·99 [0·72 to 1·35]). Compared with those in the placebo group, metformin-exposed infants weighed less (mean birthweight 3156 g [SD 742] vs 3375 g [742]; difference −218 [–353 to −82]; p=0·002), fewer were above the 97th centile for birthweight (20 [9%] in the metformin group vs 34 [15%] in the placebo group; RR 0·58 [0·34 to 0·97]; p=0·041), fewer weighed 4000 g or more at birth (28 [12%] in the metformin group vs 44 [19%] in the placebo group; RR 0·65 [0·43 to 0·99]; p=0·046), and metformin-exposed infants had reduced adiposity measures (mean sum of skinfolds 16·0 mm [SD 5·0] vs 17·4 [6·2] mm; difference −1·41 [–2·6 to −0·2]; p=0·024; mean neonatal fat mass 13·2 [SD 6·2] vs 14·6 [5·0]; p=0·017). 30 (13%) infants in the metformin group and 15 (7%) in the placebo group were small for gestational age (RR 1·96 [1·10 to 3·64]; p=0·026). We found no significant difference in the cord c-peptide between groups (673 pmol/L [435] in the metformin group vs 758 pmol/L [595] in the placebo group; p=0·10; ratio of means 0·88 [0·72 to 1·02]). The most common adverse event reported was gastrointestinal (38 events in the metformin group and 38 events in the placebo group). Interpretation: We found several maternal glycaemic and neonatal adiposity benefits in the metformin group. Along with reduced maternal weight gain and insulin dosage and improved glycaemic control, the lower adiposity and infant size measurements resulted in fewer large infants but a higher proportion of small-for-gestational-age infants. Understanding the implications of these effects on infants will be important to properly advise patients who are contemplating the use of metformin during pregnancy. Funding: Canadian Institutes of Health Research, Lunenfeld-Tanenbaum Research Institute, University of Toronto. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Alcohol consumption as a risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus in patients at hospital central de nampula, northern mozambique; Introduction: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a disorder characterized by high levels of blood glucose. Biochemically, it is classified into type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes. The factors associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus include obesity, sedentary lifestyle and alcoholism. We investigated the effect of alcohol on the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus in patients at Hospital Central de Nampula. Material and Methods: A laboratory-based and cross-sectional study was conducted. We quantified sugar and pH levels of popular beverages and analyzed 74 type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. Results: Distilled beverages had a higher sugar amount (the mean value was 14.3%, 143g) than undistilled (4.33%, 43.3g). The pH showed no significant difference, and it was approximately 4. Overall, type 2 diabetes mellitus alcohol consumers were 30 (40.5%) and the majority 44 (59.5%) were non-alcoholic. Most of those deemed type 2 diabetes mellitus patients had a first-degree family history of DM (47.3%; n= 35). The other 27 (36.5%) had no family history, and 12 (16.2%) did not know. Of the 27 patients with no DM family history, 16 (59.3%) consumed alcohol before the disease diagnosis, and most of them consumed undistilled beverages. The other 11 (40.7%) did not consume alcohol. Despite alcohol consumption, frequency and level were moderate. Conclusion: Our results strongly suggest that previous alcohol consumption is not a factor for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus. © 2020 Sciendo. All rights reserved.
The possible role of endocrine dysfunction of adipose tissue in gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is diabetes that is first diagnosed in the second or third trimester of pregnancy in patients who did not have a history of diabetes before pregnancy. Consequences of GDM include increased risk of macrosomia and birth complications in the infant and an increased risk of maternal type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) after pregnancy. There is also a longer-term risk of obesity, T2DM, and cardiovascular diseases in the child. GDM is the result of impaired glucose tolerance due to pancreatic β-cell dysfunction on a background of insulin resistance that physiologically increases during pregnancy. The strongest clinical predictors of GDM are overweight and obesity. The fact that women with GDM are more likely to be overweight or obese suggests that adipose tissue dysfunction may be involved in the pathogenesis of GDM, similarly to T2DM. Adipose tissue is not only involved in energy storage but also functions as an active endocrine organ secreting adipokines (specific hormones and cytokines) with the ability to alter insulin sensitivity. Recent evidence points to a crucial role of numerous adipokines produced by fat in the development of GDM. The following text summarizes the current knowledge about a possible role of selected adipokines in the development of GDM. © 2020 EDIZIONIMINERVAMEDICA
Downregulation of microRNA-873 attenuates insulin resistance and myocardial injury in rats with gestational diabetes mellitus by upregulating IGFBP2; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a metabolic disorder characterized by insulin resistance, and patients with GDM have a higher risk of cardiovascular disease. Multiple microRNAs (miRNAs) are reported to be involved in the regulation of myocardial injury. Moreover, miR-873 was predicted to target insulin-like growth factor binding protein 2 (IGFBP2) through bioinformatic analysis, which was further confirmed using a luciferase assay. Thus, our objective was to assess whether microRNA-873 (miR-873) affects insulin resistance and myocardial injury in an established GDM rat model. The GDM rats were treated with miR-875 mimic or inhibitor or IGFBP2 siRNA. The effects of miR-875 and IGFBP2 on the cardiac function, insulin resistance, and myocardial injury were evaluated by hemodynamic measurements, determination of biochemical indices of myocardium and serum, and insulin homeostatic model assessment. The results indicated that downregulation of miR-873 upregulated the expression of IGFBP2 and promoted the activation of phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase (PI3K)/protein kinase B (AKT)/mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) axis. With downregulation of miR-873 in GDM rats, the cardiac function was improved and the myocardial apoptosis was inhibited, coupled with elevated activity of superoxide dismutase, carbon monoxide synthase, and the nitric oxide content. In addition, the inhibition of miR-873 in GDM rats modulated the insulin resistance and reduced myocardial apoptosis. Overall, the data showed that inhibition of miR-873 by targeting IGFBP2 may regulate the insulin resistance and curtail myocardial injury in GDM rats through activating the PI3K/AKT/mTOR axis, thus providing a potential means of impeding the progression of GDM. © 2020 the American Physiological Society
Does abnormal ductus venosus pulsatility index at the first-trimester effect on adverse pregnancy outcomes?; Aim: The ductus venosus pulsatility index for veins (DV PIV) has become a popular marker of the first-trimester scan. The aim of this study is to search for any difference between groups with normal and abnormal DV PIV values in terms of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Methods: We retrospectively evaluated 556 women whose first-trimester scan was performed. The ductus venosus pulsatility indices were examined at singleton pregnancies between 11 and 14 weeks of gestation. Patients were categorized as Group-I with normal DV PIV (DV PIV ≥ 0.73, ≤1.22) and as Group-II with abnormal DV PIV. Group-II was subgrouped as Group-IIA which composed of patients with DV PIV < 0.73 and as Group-IIB with DV PIV > 1.22. Results: There were 451 subjects in Group-I and 105 subjects in Group-II (Group-IIA = 32 and Group-IIB = 73). The comparisons between major groups revealed a statistically significant increase about miscarriage (p = 0.002), stillbirth (p < 0.001), small for gestational age (p = 0.033), low birth weight (p < 0.001), fetal growth restriction (p = 0.048), and major congenital heart defect (p=<0.001) in Group-II. This difference is mainly due to Group-IIB. There is no difference in preterm delivery, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes between Group I and II. Conclusion: Routinely monitoring DIV PIV as a first-trimester screening should provide valuable information regarding adverse pregnancy outcomes such as miscarriage, stillbirth, small for gestational age, low birth weight, fetal growth restriction and major congenital heart defect. © 2020 Elsevier Masson SAS
Epicardial adipose tissue thickness as a potential predictor of gestational diabetes mellitus: A prospective cohort study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disorder that can occur during pregnancy and is associated with a long-term risk of both maternal and neonatal comorbidities. This study aimed to investigate the association between echocardiographic epicardial adipose tissue (EAT) and the risk for GDM during the early second trimester of pregnancy. Method: We recruited all singleton pregnancies between January 2014 and December 2018 at 16 weeks + 0 days to 19 weeks + 6 days. We then used generalized linear models to calculate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for EAT as a potential predictor for GDM. Receiver-operating-characteristic (ROC) analysis was then conducted to investigate the discriminative capacity of any individual maternal factor for the prediction of GDM. Results: In total, our study involved 314 pregnant women with GDM and 1832 pregnant women without GDM. Multivariate regression analysis revealed that EAT thickness (OR = 2.87; 95% CI: 2.49-3.31) was significantly associated with the presence of GDM (P < 0.001). Furthermore, EAT thickness was also significantly associated with a range of adverse outcomes in the GDM group, including large size for gestational age, neonatal hypoglycemia, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, preterm delivery, and hyperbilirubinemia (P < 0.001). ROC analysis revealed that the area under the curve was 0.790 (95% CI: 0.768-0.812). When the cutoff value for EAT thickness was set to 5.49 mm, the sensitivity was 95.2% and the specificity was 50.5%. Conclusions: Echocardiographic EAT thickness is positively and significantly associated with both the risk of GDM and adverse outcomes related to GDM. Echocardiographic EAT has the potential to predict GDM prior to actual clinical diagnosis. © 2020 The Author(s).
Substantially altered expression profile of diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular disease associated micrornas in children descending from pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus—one of several possible reasons for an increased cardiovascular risk; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), one of the major pregnancy-related complications, characterized as a transitory form of diabetes induced by insulin resistance accompanied by a low/absent pancreatic beta-cell compensatory adaptation to the increased insulin demand, causes the acute, long-term, and transgenerational health complications. The aim of the study was to assess if alterations in gene expression of microRNAs associated with diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases are present in whole peripheral blood of children aged 3–11 years descending from GDM complicated pregnancies. A substantially altered microRNA expression profile was found in children descending from GDM complicated pregnancies. Almost all microRNAs with the exception of miR-92a-3p, miR-155-5p, and miR-210-3p were upregulated. The microRNA expression profile also differed between children after normal and GDM complicated pregnancies in relation to the presence of overweight/obesity, prehypertension/hypertension, and/or valve problems and heart defects. Always, screening based on the combination of microRNAs was superior over using individual microRNAs, since at 10.0% false positive rate it was able to identify a large proportion of children with an aberrant microRNA expression profile (88.14% regardless of clinical findings, 75.41% with normal clinical findings, and 96.49% with abnormal clinical findings). In addition, the higher incidence of valve problems and heart defects was found in children with a prior exposure to GDM. The extensive file of predicted targets of all microRNAs aberrantly expressed in children descending from GDM complicated pregnancies indicates that a large group of these genes is involved in ontologies of diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases. In general, children with a prior exposure to GDM are at higher risk of later development of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases, and would benefit from dispensarisation as well as implementation of primary prevention strategies. © 2020 by the authors.
Early postpartum dyslipidemia and its potential predictors during pregnancy in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: This study aimed to analyze the incidence of early postpartum dyslipidemia and its potential predictors in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: This was a retrospective study. Five hundred eighty-nine women diagnosed with GDM were enrolled and followed up at 6-12 weeks after delivery. A 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and lipid levels were performed during mid-trimester and the early postpartum period. Participants were divided into the normal lipid group and dyslipidemia group according to postpartum lipid levels. Demographic and metabolic parameters were analyzed. Multiple logistic regression was performed to analyze the potential predictors for early postpartum dyslipidemia. A receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) was calculated to determine the cut-off values. Results: A total of 38.5% of the 589 women developed dyslipidemia in early postpartum and 60% of them had normal glucose metabolism. Delivery age, systolic blood pressure (SBP), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were independent predictors of early postpartum dyslipidemia in women with a history of GDM. The cut-offs of maternal age, SBP, HbA1c values, and LDL-C levels were 35 years, 123 mmHg, 5.1%, and 3.56 mmol/L, respectively. LDL-C achieved a balanced mix of high sensitivity (63.9%) and specificity (69.2%), with the highest area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) (0.696). When LDL-C was combined with age, SBP, and HbA1c, the AUC reached to 0.733. Conclusions: A lipid metabolism evaluation should be recommended in women with a history of GDM after delivery, particularly those with a maternal age > 35 years, SBP > 123 mmHg before labor, HbA1c value > 5.1%, or LDL-C levels > 3.56 mmol/L in the second trimester of pregnancy. © 2020 The Author(s).
Folic Acid Supplement Use and Increased Risk of Gestational Hypertension; Current results regarding the effect of folic acid (FA) supplement use on gestational hypertension (GH) and preeclampsia are limited and inconsistent. We aimed to investigate whether FA supplement use was associated with GH and preeclampsia. Participants from the Tongji Maternal and Child Health Cohort with information on periconceptional FA supplement use and diagnosis of GH/preeclampsia were included (n=4853). Robust Poisson regression was used to assess the association of FA supplement use and GH and preeclampsia. Among the 4853 participants in this study, 1161 (23.9%) and 161 (3.3%) women were diagnosed with GH and preeclampsia, respectively. The risk ratio of developing GH was higher in women who used ≥800 µg/d FA supplement from prepregnancy through midpregnancy than nonusers (risk ratio, 1.33 [1.08-1.65]). After adjusting for social-demographic, reproductive, lifestyle factors, family history of hypertension, other supplement use, and gestational weight gain, the adverse association remained significant (risk ratio, 1.32 [1.06-1.64]). Restricting the analysis among women with normal weight, without family history of hypertension, and without gestational diabetes mellitus, the positive FA-GH association still existed. We did not find any significant association between FA supplement use and preeclampsia regardless of adjustment. High-dose (≥800 µg/d) FA supplement use from prepregnancy through midpregnancy was associated with increased risk of GH. Attention should be given to avoid the potential risk of GH due to inappropriate FA supplement use in women who are planning or capable of pregnancy. © 2020 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Intrauterine exposure to diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease in adolescence and early adulthood: A population-based birth cohort study; BACKGROUND: It is unclear whether intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes is associated with risk factors for cardiovascular disease and related end points in adulthood. We examined this potential association in a population-based birth cohort followed up to age 35 years. METHODS: We performed a cohort study of offspring born between 1979 and 2005 (n = 293 546) and followed until March 2015 in Manitoba, Canada, using registry-based administrative data. The primary exposures were intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The primary outcome was a composite measure of incident cardiovascular disease events, and the secondary outcome was a composite of risk factors for cardiovascular disease in offspring followed up to age 35 years. RESULTS: The cohort provided 3 628 576 person-years of data (mean age at latest follow-up 20.5 [standard deviation 6.4] years, 49.3% female); 2765 (0.9%) of the offspring experienced a cardiovascular disease end point, and 12 673 (4.3%) experienced a cardiovascular disease risk factor. After propensity score matching, the hazard for cardiovascular disease end points was elevated in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1.42, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.12–1.79) but not type 2 diabetes (adjusted HR 1.40, 95% CI 0.98–2.01). A similar association was observed for cardiovascular disease risk factors (gestational diabetes: adjusted HR 1.92, 95% CI 1.75–2.11; type 2 diabetes: adjusted HR 3.40, 95% CI 3.00–3.85). INTERPRETATION: Intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes was associated with higher morbidity and risk related to cardiovascular disease among offspring up to 35 years of age. © 2020 Joule Inc. or its licensors
Mechanisms of Endothelial Dysfunction in Pre-eclampsia and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Windows Into Future Cardiometabolic Health?; Placental insufficiency and adipose tissue dysregulation are postulated to play key roles in the pathophysiology of both pre-eclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). A dysfunctional release of deleterious signaling motifs can offset an increase in circulating oxidative stressors, pro-inflammatory factors and various cytokines. It has been previously postulated that endothelial dysfunction, instigated by signaling from endocrine organs such as the placenta and adipose tissue, may be a key mediator of the vasculopathy that is evident in both adverse obstetric complications. These signaling pathways also have significant effects on long term maternal cardiometabolic health outcomes, specifically cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and type II diabetes. Recent studies have noted that both PE and GDM are strongly associated with lower maternal flow-mediated dilation, however the exact pathways which link endothelial dysfunction to clinical outcomes in these complications remains in question. The current diagnostic regimen for both PE and GDM lacks specificity and consistency in relation to clinical guidelines. Furthermore, current therapeutic options rely largely on clinical symptom control such as antihypertensives and insulin therapy, rather than that of early intervention or prophylaxis. A better understanding of the pathogenic origin of these obstetric complications will allow for more targeted therapeutic interventions. In this review we will explore the complex signaling relationship between the placenta and adipose tissue in PE and GDM and investigate how these intricate pathways affect maternal endothelial function and, hence, play a role in acute pathophysiology and the development of future chronic maternal health outcomes. © Copyright © 2020 McElwain, Tuboly, McCarthy and McCarthy.
The correlation of fetal cardiac function with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and oxidative stress levels; The primary objective of this study was to compare the fetal cardiac performance index (Tei index) between the fetuses of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers and non-GDM mothers; and the secondary objective was to compare various other parameters of fetal cardiac function as well as maternal oxidative stress levels between the groups of GDM and non-GDM mothers. A cross-sectional study was conducted on pregnant women at 24-28 weeks of gestation. All of the participants underwent 100 g, 3-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) as a diagnostic test for GDM and were categorized as non-GDM and GDM group. All participants had fetal echocardiography performed for cardiac function, and then maternal blood samples were collected for biomarker measurements. A total of 80 pregnant women, including 43 in the GDM group and 37 in the non-GDM group, were included in the study. The maternal serum 8-isoprostane (8IsoP), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) and interleukin (IL)-10 levels were significantly higher in the GDM group than those in the non-GDM group (P: 0.028, P: 0.019 and P: 0.031, respectively). The fetal cardiac function parameters were not significantly different between the two groups. Regardless of the GDM status, the fetuses with high levels of oxidative stress (8Isop ≥1000 pg/mg protein) had a significantly higher rate of impaired shortening fraction (SF) of the left ventricle (P: 0.001). GDM is significantly associated with an increase in the oxidative stress process, and a high level of oxidative stress was significantly associated with left ventricular (LV) function impairment. Though a correlation between GDM and fetal cardiac function impairment was not clearly demonstrated in this study, this study suggests that GDM patients with a high level of oxidative stress should be evaluated for fetal cardiac function. © 2020 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Author response: Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: Systematic review and meta-analysis; This commentary is an author response to Lu and Wang, regarding the manuscript entitled 'Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: Systematic review and meta-analysis'. We address their concern regarding duplication of studies in the meta-analysis and the quality of included studies. © Cambridge University Press and the International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease 2020.
The effect of diabetes during pregnancy on fetal renal parenchymal growth; Aims/hypothesis: Diabetes in pregnancy is thought to adversely affect the developing fetal kidneys. The rate of gestational diabetes is increasing globally with major consequences for future renal function. Very little is known about the impact of hyperglycaemia on the fetal renal parenchyma which contains the developing nephrons. The aim of this study was to measure the fetal renal parenchymal thickness and evaluate whether diabetes during pregnancy affects the growth of the fetal kidneys. Methods: This prospective, observational study used serial ultrasound measurements to evaluate the fetal renal parenchymal growth of 55 pregnancies with diabetes compared to 72 control pregnancies. Mixed effects modelling was used to analyse the data. Results: The renal parenchyma of fetuses from mothers with gestational diabetes was significantly thicker than those from the control group (LR Chisq = 4.8, df = 1, p = 0.029), however, the difference was proportional to the larger size of these fetuses. Fetuses of pregestational diabetics demonstrated no significant difference in renal parenchymal thickness compared to the control group even though they were also larger fetuses. Parenchymal growth slowed with increasing abdominal circumference in the pregestational diabetic group, suggesting an adverse effect on nephrogenesis, however this did not reach statistical significance. Conclusions/interpretation: Our study provides unique data on how diabetes during pregnancy influences fetal kidney growth. Appropriate management of diabetic pregnancies may mitigate some of the adverse effects on the fetal kidneys. Increasing degrees of hyperglycaemia, as seen sometimes in pregestational diabetes, may affect nephrogenesis; however larger studies are needed. Graphic abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2020, Italian Society of Nephrology.
Atrial septal aneurysm in pregnancy: Echocardiography and obstetric outcomes; Atrial septal aneurysm (ASA) is an uncommon cardiac anomaly that increases maternal morbidity during pregnancy. ASA is related to atrial arrhythmia thromboembolism and it may accompany congenital anomalies such as an atrial septal defect (ASD) or patent foramen ovale (PFO). There are no studies examining pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women with ASA. We aimed to investigate the cardiologic parameters and obstetric outcomes of pregnant women diagnosed with ASA. This prospective cohort study analyzed 45 pregnant women diagnosed with ASA, who continued their follow-ups in an obstetric tertiary care center. A total of 45 pregnant women were recruited; seven pregnancies ended before the 20th gestational week (six spontaneous abortion, one fetal anomaly), 38 women gave birth. In total, there were 32 term births (≥37 weeks), six preterm births (<37 weeks), two extremely preterm births <28 weeks). Among 38 babies delivered, several obstetrical complications such as oligohydramnios, spontaneous preterm labor, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) developed in 16 patients, while 22 women ended with term pregnancy without any complications. Deep venous thrombosis (DVT) developed in one patient. ASA may have an increased risk for cardiac complications during pregnancy and may also be associated with poor pregnancy outcomes. Increased attention to these entities with more studies is needed in order to determine a potential risk for pregnant women. © 2020 2020 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk factors in youth: A longitudinal analysis in the EPOCH cohort; Objective: To examine associations of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with offspring cardiovascular biomarkers from late childhood through adolescence. Methods: We used mixed effects linear regression models to examine associations of maternal GDM (n = 92 cases of 597) with average offspring levels of serum lipids (total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein [HDL], low-density lipoprotein [LDL], and triglycerides) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) across two research visits spanning approximately 10.6 and 16.9 years of age. In sex-stratified analysis, we evaluated the impact of adjustment for sociodemographic characteristics, pubertal status, physical activity and total energy intake, maternal body mass index (BMI), GDM treatment, and child's BMI. Results: After adjusting for child's age, pubertal status, race/ethnicity, and maternal education and smoking, GDM exposure was associated with higher total (0.38 [95% CI, 0.16-0.61] mmol/L) and LDL cholesterol (0.34 [95% CI, 0.14-0.53] mmol/L) in girls. These estimates were robust to adjustment for lifestyle characteristics and maternal BMI but were attenuated after accounting for GDM treatment with no appreciable change following further adjustment for current BMI. In boys, maternal GDM corresponded with 4.50 (1.90-7.10) mmHg higher SBP. This association persisted after accounting for sociodemographic/lifestyle characteristics, maternal BMI, and GDM treatment but was attenuated after adjusting for current BMI. Conclusions: Maternal GDM is related to offspring lipid profile and SBP in a sex-specific manner. © 2020 World Obesity Federation
Lockdown with a Price: The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on prenatal care and perinatal outcomes in a tertiary care center; Background: The World Health Organization classified coronavirus disease-19 (COVID-19) as a pandemic and recommends strict restrictions regarding most aspects of daily activities. Objectives: To evaluate whether the pandemic has changed the prenatal care and pregnancy outcome in pregnant women without COVID-19. Methods: The authors conducted a cross-sectional study to describe changes in outpatient clinic visits and to compare the rates of cesarean and instrumental deliveries between two periods of time: March-April 2020 (during the COVID-19 outbreak) with March-April of the preceding year, 2019. Results: During the COVID-19 outbreak, visits to obstetric triage, gynecologic triage, high-risk clinic, and ultrasound unit decreased by 36.4%, 34.7%, 32.8%, and 18.1%, respectively. The medical center experienced a 17.8% drop in the total number of births (610 births) compared with March and April 2019 (742 births). During the outbreak women were more likely to be nulliparous (33.3% vs. 27.6%, P= 0.02) and present with hypertensive disorders during pregnancy (7.5% vs. 4%, P= 0.005) or gestational diabetes (13% vs. 10%, P = 0.03). More epidural analgesia was used (83.1% vs. 77.1%, P = 0.006). There were more operative vaginal deliveries during the outbreak (16.7% vs. 6.8%, P= 0.01). All other maternal and neonatal outcomes were comparable between the two periods. Conclusions: The medical facility experienced a major decline in all aspects of the routine obstetrics activities during the time of the pandemic. The higher rate of operative vaginal deliveries among nulliparous may be associated with the pandemic effect on the rate of high-risk patients. © 2020 Israel Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Stillbirth is associated with increased risk of long-term maternal renal disease: a nationwide cohort study; Background: Stillbirth is a devastating adverse pregnancy outcome that may occur without any obvious reason or may occur in the context of fetal growth restriction, preeclampsia, or other obstetric complications. There is increasing evidence that women who experience stillbirths are at greater risk of long-term cardiovascular disease, but little is known about their risk of chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease. We conducted the largest study to date to investigate the subsequent risk of maternal chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease following stillbirth. Objective: To identify whether pregnancy complicated by stillbirth is associated with subsequent risk of maternal chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease, independent of underlying medical or obstetric comorbidities. Study Design/Methods: We conducted a population-based cohort study using nationwide data from the Swedish Medical Birth Register, National Patient Register, and Swedish Renal Register. We included all women who had live births and stillbirths from 1973 to 2012, with follow-up to 2013. Women with preexisting renal disease were excluded. Cox proportional hazard regression models were used to estimate adjusted hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals for associations between stillbirth and maternal chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease respectively. We controlled for maternal age, year of delivery, country of origin, parity, body mass index, smoking, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and small for gestational age deliveries. Women who had a history of medical comorbidities, which may predispose to renal disease (prepregnancy cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes, lupus, systemic sclerosis, hemoglobinopathy, or coagulopathy), were excluded from the main analysis and examined separately. Results: There were 1,941,057 unique women who had 3,755,444 singleton pregnancies, followed up over 42,313,758 person-years. The median follow-up time was 20.7 years (interquartile range, 9.9–30.0 years). 13,032 women (0.7%) had at least 1 stillbirth. Women who had experienced at least 1 stillbirth had a greater risk of developing chronic kidney disease (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.26; 95% confidence interval, 1.09–1.45) and end-stage renal disease (adjusted hazard ratio, 2.25; 95% confidence interval, 1.55–3.25) compared with women who only had live births. These associations persisted after removing all stillbirths that occurred in the context of preeclampsia, and small for gestational age or congenital malformations (for chronic kidney disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 1.33; 95% confidence interval, 1.13–1.57; for end-stage renal disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 2.95; 95% confidence interval, CI 1.86–4.68). There was no significant association observed between stillbirth and either chronic kidney disease or end-stage renal disease in women who had preexisting medical comorbidities (chronic kidney disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 1.13; 95% confidence interval, 0.73–1.75 or end-stage renal disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 1.49; 95% confidence interval, 0.78–2.85). Conclusion: Women who have a history of stillbirth may be at increased risk of chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease compared with women who have only had live births. This association persists independently of preeclampsia, and small for gestational age, maternal smoking, obesity, and medical comorbidities. Further research is required to determine whether affected women would benefit from closer surveillance and follow-up for future renal disease. © 2020 The Author(s)
Non-coding RNA: Role in gestational diabetes pathophysiology and complications; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance that develops in the second or third trimester of pregnancy. GDM can lead to short-term and long-term complications both in the mother and in the offspring. Diagnosing and treating this condition is therefore of great importance to avoid poor pregnancy outcomes. There is increasing interest in finding new markers with potential diagnostic, prognostic and therapeutic utility in GDM. Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs), including microRNAs, long non-coding RNAs and circular RNAs, are critically involved in metabolic processes and their dysregulated expression has beenreported in several pathological contexts. The aberrant expression of several circulating or placenta-related ncRNAs has been linked to insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction, the key pathophysiological features of GDM. Furthermore, significant associations between altered ncRNA profiles and GDM-related complications, such as macrosomia or trophoblast dysfunction, have been observed. Remarkably, the deregulation of ncRNAs, which might be linked to a detrimental intrauterine environment, can lead to changes in the expression of target genes in the offspring, possibly contributing to the development of long-term GDM-related complications, such as metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. In this review, all the recent findings on ncRNAs and GDM are summarized, particularly focusing on the molecular aspects and the pathophysiological implications of this complex relationship. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Maternal predictors of disparate outcomes in children with single ventricle congenital heart disease; BACKGROUND: Significant variability in morbidity and mortality persists for children with functionally single ventricle congenital heart disease (SV-CHD) despite standardization in medical and surgical care. We hypothesized that maternal health factors may be associated with an increased risk of poor outcomes in children with SV-CHD. METHODS AND RESULTS: This retrospective, observational, cohort study included term maternal-infant pairs with a diagnosis of SV-CHD who underwent surgical palliation from 2006 to 2015 at Primary Children’s Hospital. Pairs lacking maternal variables of interest or infant follow-up data were excluded. The association of maternal risk factors of abnormal pre-pregnancy body mass index, abnormal gestational weight gain (<7 or >20 kg), hypertensive disorders, and gestational diabetes mellitus with death/transplant and hemodynamics were analyzed using regression models. Of 190 infants, 135 (71%) maternal-infant dyads had complete data for inclusion. Death or transplant occurred in 48 infants (36%) during an average follow-up of 2.2 years (0.1–11.7 years). Abnormal gestational weight gain was associated with an increased risk of death and/or transplant in logistic regression (odds ratio, 3.22; 95% CI, 1.32–7.86; P=0.01), but not Cox regression (hazard ratio, 1.9; 95% CI, 1.0–3.7; P=0.055). Mean pulmonary artery pressures were higher in the setting of abnormal gestational weight gain (16.5±2.9 versus 14.7±3.0 mm Hg; P<0.001), and abnormal pre-pregnancy body mass index (15.7±3.5 versus 14.2±2.1 mm Hg; P<0.001) in the systemic right ventricle group. CONCLUSIONS: Abnormal gestational weight gain (excessive or inadequate) is a novel risk factor for worse outcomes in SV-CHD. The fetoplacental environment may alter the trajectory of vascular development to impact outcomes in infants with SV-CHD. © 2020, American Heart Association Inc.. All rights reserved.
Antenatal care of mothers and morbidity and mortality disparities among preterm saudi and non-saudi infants less than or equal to 32 weeks' gestation; BACKGROUND: Premature non-Saudi infants comprise a significant proportion of neonatal intensive care unit admissions in Saudi Arabia. Any differences in antenatal care of mothers and neonatal outcomes compared with premature Saudi infants are unreported. OBJECTIVE: Assess antenatal care of mothers and neonatal outcomes among premature Saudi and non-Saudi infants, and investigate possible reasons for disparities. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Tertiary care center in Riyadh. PATIENTS AND METHODS: All neonates of gestational age ≤32 weeks and birthweight <1500 g admitted from 2015 to 2019 were included. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Antenatal care of mothers and rates of neonatal mortality and morbidity in premature Saudi and non-Saudi infants. SAMPLE SIZE: 755 premature infants, 437 (57.9%) Saudi, 318 (42.1%) non-Saudi. RESULTS: Saudi mothers received more antenatal steroids and were more likely to have gestational diabetes mellitus (P=.01 and .03, respectively). Non-Saudi mothers were more likely to have pregnancy-induced hypertension (P=.01). Non-Saudi infants had significantly higher rates of intraventricular hemorrhage, patent ductus arteriosus, pulmonary hemorrhage, bronchopulmonary dysplasia and necrotizing enterocolitis compared with Saudi infants (P=.03, <.001, .04, .002, and <.001, respectively). There were no significant differences in mortality rate, early-onset sepsis, and late-onset sepsis between Saudi and non- Saudi infants (P=.81, .81, and .12, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Disparities exist in the antenatal care of Saudi and non-Saudi women and in the neonatal morbidities of their premature infants. There was no difference in the neonatal mortality rate. More quality improvement initiatives are required to reduce differences in antenatal and neonatal outcomes. © 2020, Annals of Saudi Medicine, Saudi Arabia.
Exposure to gestational diabetes enriches immune-related pathways in the transcriptome and methylome of human amniocytes; Context: Gestational diabetes (GDM) has profound effects on the intrauterine metabolic milieu and is linked to obesity and diabetes in offspring, but the mechanisms driving these effects remain largely unknown. Alterations in DNA methylation and gene expression in amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero represent a potential mechanism leading to metabolic dysfunction later in life. Objective: To profile changes in genome-wide DNA methylation and expression in human amniocytes exposed to GDM. Design: A nested case-control study (n = 14 pairs) was performed in amniocytes matched for offspring sex, maternal race/ethnicity, maternal age, gestational age at amniocentesis, and gestational age at birth. Sex-specific genome-wide DNA methylation analysis and RNA-sequencing were completed and differentially methylated regions (DMRs) and gene expression changes were identified. Ingenuity pathway analysis identified biologically relevant pathways enriched after GDM exposure. In silico high-throughput chromosome conformation capture (Hi-C) analysis identified potential chromatin interactions with DMRs. Results: Expression of interferon-stimulated genes was increased in GDM amniocytes, accounting for 6 of the top 10 altered genes (q < 0.05). Enriched biological pathways in GDM amniocytes included pathways involving inflammation, the interferon response, fatty liver disease, monogenic diabetes, and atherosclerosis. Forty-two DMRs were identified in male GDM-exposed amniocytes and 20 in female amniocyte analysis (q < 0.05). Hi-C analysis identified interactions between DMRs and 11 genes with significant expression changes in male amniocytes and 9 in female amniocytes (P < .05). Conclusion: In a unique repository of human amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero, transcriptome analysis identified enrichment of inflammation and interferon-related pathways and novel DMRs with potential distal regulatory functions. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 105: 1–15, 2020) © Endocrine Society 2020. All rights reserved.
Medical and surgical complications in pregnancy and obstetric labour complications in the Japan Environment and Children’s Study (JECS) cohort: a birth cohort study; This study aimed to describe the distribution of pregnancies with medical and obstetric complications based on the Japan Environment and Children’s Study (JECS). We evaluated the distribution of the history of obstetric/gynaecological diseases, the history of obstetric labour complications, pregnancy with medical and surgical complications, and obstetric labour complications in participants in the JECS. Of 100,818 pregnant women with medical record entries after delivery, 15,305 (15.2%) had medical and surgical complications in pregnancy and 46,756 (46.4%) experienced obstetric labour complications. The proportion of pregnancies with heart disease, kidney disease and hepatitis was 0.3%, 0.3% and 0.1%, respectively. Gestational diabetes was diagnosed in 2715 (2.7%) women. The proportion of women with mild and severe gestational hypertension was 2.3% and 1%, respectively. The JECS is the largest birth cohort in Japan. These data will provide useful, basic information for perinatal care in Japan.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? Epidemiological studies have suggested that pre-existing diseases and complications of pregnancy, such as heart disease in pregnancy, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes, may have implications for pregnancy outcomes, as well as for children’s health and development. What the results of this study add? We evaluated the distribution of the history of obstetric/gynaecological diseases, the history of obstetric labour complications, medical and surgical complications in pregnancy, and obstetric labour complications using data from the Japan Environment and Children’s Study (JECS). What the implications are of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? The JECS is the largest birth cohort in Japan. Our data will provide useful, basic information for perinatal care in Japan. © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Summary of Updated Recommendations for Primary Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Women: JACC State-of-the-Art Review; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of morbidity and mortality for women in the United States and worldwide. There has been no American College of Cardiology (ACC)/American Heart Association guideline update specifically for the prevention of CVD in women since 2011. Since then, the body of sex-specific data has grown, in addition to updated hypertension, cholesterol, diabetes, atrial fibrillation, and primary prevention guidelines. The ACC CVD in Women Committee undertook a review of the recent guidelines and major studies to summarize recommendations pertinent to women. In this update, the authors address special topics, particularly the risk factors and treatments that have led to some controversies and confusion. Specifically, sex-related risk factors, hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, anticoagulation for atrial fibrillation, use of aspirin, perimenopausal hormone therapy, and psychosocial issues are highlighted. © 2020 American College of Cardiology Foundation
Effects of periodontal disease on glycemic control, complications, and incidence of diabetes mellitus; Diabetes mellitus is a group of metabolic disorders with high mortality and morbidity associated with complications such as cardiovascular disease, kidney disease, and stroke. The prevalence of diabetes is 9.4% in US adults, and prevalence increases markedly with age, with 1 in 4 adults aged ≥65 years affected by diabetes. The estimated number of adults with type 2 diabetes globally almost tripled between 2002 and 2017, reflecting increases seen in the USA and elsewhere. This increase raises concerns about the increased morbidity and mortality associated with the complications of diabetes, including periodontal disease and tooth loss. There is a reciprocal adverse relationship between diabetes and periodontal disease, with diabetes as a major risk factor for periodontal disease, and in those patients with diabetes who also have periodontal disease then there are adverse effects on glycemic control and complications such as cardiovascular disease and end stage renal disease. In this review, those studies detailing the adverse effects of periodontal disease and diabetes will be discussed. Also, evidence is accumulating that periodontitis may play a role in increasing the incidence of new cases of type 2 diabetes, and possibly gestational diabetes. Of course, these studies need to be expanded to better understand the effects of periodontitis on diabetes glycemic control, complications, prediabetes, and the incidence of new cases. However, given the tremendous burden of diabetes on society, the dental profession should be proactive in preventing and treating periodontal disease, not only to preserve the dentition, but also to minimize the adverse effects of periodontitis on diabetes and its complications. © 2020 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Contemporary clinical updates on the prevention of future cardiovascular disease in women who experience adverse pregnancy outcomes; Adverse pregnancy outcomes including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes are significant causes of maternal mortality. There is substantial evidence of an association between adverse events during pregnancy and long-term maternal cardiovascular risk. It is therefore important to understand the role of risk modification prior to, during, and after pregnancy to reduce adverse outcomes. These efforts include risk assessment, routine screening for cardiovascular risk factors, and potential pharmacotherapeutic risk reduction. In this manuscript, we aim to highlight the current evidence in the areas of cardiovascular risk assessment and risk modification, and the role for potential risk reduction therapies before, during, and after pregnancy. © 2020 The Authors. Clinical Cardiology published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on maternal cardiac adaptation to pregnancy; Objective: To determine whether maternal cardiac adaptation at term differs between women with, and those without, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: This was a prospective case–control study of pregnant women at term with or without GDM. For both cases and controls, only women without any comorbidity or form of pre-existing diabetes who had a singleton pregnancy without complication (such as pre-eclampsia or fetal growth restriction) were included. All women underwent conventional and speckle-tracking echocardiography to assess both the left- and right-heart geometry and function. Results: A total of 40 women with GDM and 40 healthy controls were enrolled. Women with GDM, compared with controls, had a significantly higher heart rate (83 ± 10 vs 75 ± 9 beats per min; P < 0.001), left ventricular (LV) relative wall thickness (0.43 ± 0.07 vs 0.37 ± 0.08; P < 0.001), LV early diastolic transmitral valve velocity (E) (0.80 ± 0.15 vs 0.73 ± 0.12 m/s; P = 0.026) and LV late diastolic transmitral valve velocity (A) (0.65 ± 0.13 vs 0.57 ± 0.11 m/s; P = 0.006). In women with GDM compared with controls, speckle-tracking analysis revealed a significant reduction in LV global longitudinal strain (GLS) (−16.29 ± 2.26 vs −17.61 ± 1.89; P = 0.012), LV endocardial GLS (−18.50 ± 2.59 vs −19.84 ± 2.35; P = 0.031) and LV epicardial GLS (−14.40 ± 2.01 vs −15.73 ± 1.66; P = 0.005). Right ventricular (RV) analysis revealed a reduced pulmonary acceleration time (58 ± 10 vs 66 ± 11 ms; P = 0.001) and RV E/A ratio (1.13 ± 0.18 vs 1.29 ± 0.35; P = 0.017), as well as a higher RV myocardial systolic annular velocity (0.16 ± 0.04 vs 0.14 ± 0.02; P = 0.023) and peak late diastolic transtricuspid valve velocity (0.46 ± 0.1 m/s vs 0.39 ± 0.08 m/s; P = 0.001), in women with GDM compared to controls. Conclusions: Our findings show that even a short period of exposure to hyperglycemia, as occcurs in women with GDM, is associated with significant maternal functional cardiac impairment at term. Given these findings, further study of postnatal maternal cardiovascular recovery after GDM pregnancy is warranted. Copyright © 2019 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. Copyright © 2019 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Animal Models to Understand the Etiology and Pathophysiology of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; More than 1 out of 10 women worldwide are diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), the leading cause of female reproductive and metabolic dysfunction. Despite its high prevalence, PCOS and its accompanying morbidities are likely underdiagnosed, averaging > 2 years and 3 physicians before women are diagnosed. Although it has been intensively researched, the underlying cause(s) of PCOS have yet to be defined. In order to understand PCOS pathophysiology, its developmental origins, and how to predict and prevent PCOS onset, there is an urgent need for safe and effective markers and treatments. In this review, we detail which animal models are more suitable for contributing to our understanding of the etiology and pathophysiology of PCOS. We summarize and highlight advantages and limitations of hormonal or genetic manipulation of animal models, as well as of naturally occurring PCOS-like females. © 2020 Endocrine Society.
A severely obese pregnant patient; Obesity, especially when severe and associated with gestational diabetes, increases maternal and infant risks during pregnancy and delivery. To prevent complications, close weight, glycemic and blood pressure monitoring as well as an adapted nutritional follow-up are essential. © 2020 Elsevier Masson SAS; L'obésité, d'autant plus qu'elle est sévère et associée à un diabète gestationnel, majore les risques maternels et infantiles durant la grossesse et l'accouchement. Pour prévenir les complications, une surveillance pondérale, glycémique et tensionnelle étroite ainsi qu'un suivi nutritionnel adapté sont indispensables. © 2020 Elsevier Masson SAS
Pregnancy-associated cardiac dysfunction and the regulatory role of microRNAs; Many crucial cardiovascular adaptations occur in the body during pregnancy to ensure successful gestation. Maladaptation of the cardiovascular system during pregnancy can lead to complications that promote cardiac dysfunction and may lead to heart failure (HF). About 12% of pregnancy-related deaths in the USA have been attributed to HF and the detrimental effects of cardiovascular complications on the heart can be long-lasting, pre-disposing the mother to HF later in life. Indeed, cardiovascular complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and peripartum cardiomyopathy have been shown to induce cardiac metabolic dysfunction, oxidative stress, fibrosis, apoptosis, and diastolic and systolic dysfunction in the hearts of pregnant women, all of which are hallmarks of HF. The exact etiology and cardiac pathophysiology of pregnancy-related complications is not yet fully deciphered. Furthermore, diagnosis of cardiac dysfunction in pregnancy is often made only after clinical symptoms are already present, thus necessitating the need for novel diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers. Mounting data demonstrates an altered expression of maternal circulating miRNAs during pregnancy affected by cardiovascular complications. Throughout the past decade, miRNAs have become of growing interest as modulators and biomarkers of pathophysiology, diagnosis, and prognosis in cardiac dysfunction. While the association between pregnancy-related cardiovascular complications and cardiac dysfunction or HF is becoming increasingly evident, the roles of miRNA-mediated regulation herein remain poorly understood. Therefore, this review will summarize current reports on pregnancy-related cardiovascular complications that may lead to cardiac dysfunction and HF during and after pregnancy in previously healthy women, with a focus on the pathophysiological role of miRNAs. © 2020 The Author(s).
Effects of overexpression of Nrf2 protein on placental oxidative stress and fetal cardiac function in pregnant mice with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective To investigate the effects of overexpression of nuclear factor E2 related factor 2 (Nrf2) protein on placental oxidative stress and fetal cardiac function in pregnant mice with gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods Thirty-six pregnant mice were randomly divided into four groups: control group, model group, pcDNA group and Nrf2 group. Pregnant mouse model of gestational diabetes was establish by intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (STZ); mice in each group were transfected with corresponding adenovirus or saline. RT-PCR and Western blotting were performed to detect the expression levels of Nrf2 mRNA and protein in the placenta of pregnant mice. Fasting blood glucose was measured, uterine index, total number of fetuses and abortion rate were calculated. The placental superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity, contents of reduced glutathione (GSH) and malondialdehyde (MDA) in pregnant mice were detected. HE staining was used to observe the pathological changes of liver and kidney tissue of pregnant mice. The protein expression level of Nrf2 in the heart tissue of offspring mice was detected by Western blotting. The heart rate (HR), left ventricular systolic pressure (LVSP), left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) and shortening fraction (FS) of offspring mice were measured; ELISA was performed to detect the serum contents of creatine kinase isoenzyme (CK-MB), cardiac troponin I (cTnI) and myoglobin (MB) of offspring mice. HE staining was used to observe the pathological changes of myocardium in offspring mice. Results Compared with the control group, the Nrf2 mRNA level, Nrf2 protein expression level, SOD activity and GSH content, as well as the HR, LVSP, LVEF and FS of the offspring mice were obviously reduced in model group and pcDNA group (P<0.05); the fasting blood glucose, abortion rate and MDA content in pregnant mice, as well as the contents of CK-MB, MB and cTnI in offspring mice increased, while the uterine index and total fetal number decreased significantly (P<0.05); while the above indicators showed no significant difference in Nrf2 group. Compared with the model group, the Nrf2 mRNA level and protein expression level, SOD activity, GSH content, as well as the HR, LVSP, LVEF and FS of offspring increased significantly in Nrf2 group; the fasting blood glucose, abortion rate and MDA content in pregnant mice, as well as the contents of CK-MB, MB and cTnI in offspring mice decreased, while the uterine index and total fetal number increased significantly (P<0.05); while the above indicators showed no significant difference in pcDNA group. In addition, HE staining results showed that Nrf2 overexpression reduced the pathological damage of liver and kidney tissues of diabetic pregnant mice and the myocardial damage of the offspring mice. Conclusion Over-expression of Nrf2 protein can alleviate placental oxidative stress in gestational diabetic pregnant mice and maintain the cardiac function of the offspring mice. © 2020 People's Military Medical Press. All rights reserved.
Postpartum Breastfeeding and Cardiovascular Risk Assessment in Women following Pregnancy Complications; Background: Breastfeeding is associated with lower cardiovascular (CV) risk over the long-term, however, less is known about its immediate effects among women with a recent complicated pregnancy. The objective of this study is to investigate the short-term effects of breastfeeding on markers of cardiovascular disease risk among women ~6 months after a pregnancy complicated by a hypertensive disorder, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, abruption, or preterm birth. Materials and Methods: Our cross-sectional analysis includes 622 women seen at 6 months postpartum (interquartile range: 5.7-6.7) between November 2011 and December 2017 at a tertiary care center. Self-reported breastfeeding status and measured CV risk factors were assessed at the same visit. CV risk factors were compared between women who did not breastfeed (n = 100, 16%), those who breastfed for less than 6 months (n = 315, 51%), and those who breastfed for 6 months or more (n = 207, 33%) using multivariate logistic and linear regression. Results: Increased breastfeeding duration significantly decreased the likelihood of metabolic syndrome (adjusted odds ratio [95% confidence interval; CI]: 0.89 [0.79-0.99]), abnormal fasting glucose (0.79 [0.64-0.96]), and ratio of total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) (0.86 [0.78-0.95]). Furthermore, body mass index (estimated beta coefficients [95% CI] -0.10 [-0.18 to -0.02]), fasting glucose (-0.05 [-0.08 to -0.02]), triglycerides (-0.07 [-0.10 to -0.04]), and ratio of total cholesterol to HDL-C (-0.06 [-0.10 to -0.03]) also decreased with increased breastfeeding duration, while HDL-C increased (0.02 [-0.01 to -0.04]). Conclusions: Our findings suggest that breastfeeding is associated with decreased indicators of CV risk in a cohort of women with recent pregnancy complication. © Copyright 2020, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Metformin in Pulmonary Hypertension in Left Heart Disease; Metformin is ubiquitously used in the management of Type II Diabetes Mellitus (DMII). Over the years, our growing knowledge of its therapeutic potential has broadened its use to the treatment of infertility in polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes, and even obesity. Recently, it has been suggested as a novel therapy in cardiovascular disease (CVD). Given that CVD is the leading cause of death in patients with DMII, with ~ 75% dying from a cardiovascular event, the intersection of DMII and CVD provides a unique therapeutic target. In particular, pulmonary hypertension (PH) related to CVD (Group II PH) may be an optimal target for metformin therapy. The objective of this review article is to provide an overview of the pathophysiology of PH related to left heart disease (PH-LHD), outline the proposed pathophysiologic mechanism of insulin resistance in heart failure and PH-LHD, and evaluate the role metformin may have in heart failure and PH-LHD. © Copyright © 2020 Mulkareddy and Simon.
Telehealth for High-Risk Pregnancies in the Setting of the COVID-19 Pandemic; As New York City became an international epicenter of the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, telehealth was rapidly integrated into prenatal care at Columbia University Irving Medical Center, an academic hospital system in Manhattan. Goals of implementation were to consolidate in-person prenatal screening, surveillance, and examinations into fewer in-person visits while maintaining patient access to ongoing antenatal care and subspecialty consultations via telehealth virtual visits. The rationale for this change was to minimize patient travel and thus risk for COVID-19 exposure. Because a large portion of obstetric patients had underlying medical or fetal conditions placing them at increased risk for adverse outcomes, prenatal care telehealth regimens were tailored for increased surveillance and/or counseling. Based on the incorporation of telehealth into prenatal care for high-risk patients, specific recommendations are made for the following conditions, clinical scenarios, and services: (1) hypertensive disorders of pregnancy including preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and chronic hypertension; (2) pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus; (3) maternal cardiovascular disease; (4) maternal neurologic conditions; (5) history of preterm birth and poor obstetrical history including prior stillbirth; (6) fetal conditions such as intrauterine growth restriction, congenital anomalies, and multiple gestations including monochorionic placentation; (7) genetic counseling; (8) mental health services; (9) obstetric anesthesia consultations; and (10) postpartum care. While telehealth virtual visits do not fully replace in-person encounters during prenatal care, they do offer a means of reducing potential patient and provider exposure to COVID-19 while providing consolidated in-person testing and services. Key Points Telehealth for prenatal care is feasible. Telehealth may reduce coronavirus exposure during prenatal care. Telehealth should be tailored for high risk prenatal patients.  © 2020 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Amino acid and lipid metabolism in postgestational diabetes and progression to type 2 diabetes: A metabolic profiling study; Background Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 7-fold higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) during midlife and an elevated risk of developing hypertension and cardiovascular disease. Glucose tolerance reclassification after delivery is recommended, but fewer than 40% of women with GDM are tested. Thus, improved risk stratification methods are needed, as is a deeper understanding of the pathology underlying the transition from GDM to T2D. We hypothesize that metabolites during the early postpartum period accurately distinguish risk of progression from GDM to T2D and that metabolite changes signify underlying pathophysiology for future disease development. Methods and findings The study utilized fasting plasma samples collected from a well-characterized prospective research study of 1,035 women diagnosed with GDM. The cohort included racially/ethnically diverse pregnant women (aged 20-45 years-33% primiparous, 37% biparous, 30% multiparous) who delivered at Kaiser Permanente Northern California hospitals from 2008 to 2011. Participants attended in-person research visits including 2-hour 75-g oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) at study baseline (6-9 weeks postpartum) and annually thereafter for 2 years, and we retrieved diabetes diagnoses from electronic medical records for 8 years. In a nested case-control study design, we collected fasting plasma samples among women without diabetes at baseline (n = 1,010) to measure metabolites among those who later progressed to incident T2D or did not develop T2D (non-T2D). We studied 173 incident T2D cases and 485 controls (pair-matched on BMI, age, and race/ethnicity) to discover metabolites associated with new onset of T2D. Up to 2 years post-baseline, we analyzed samples from 98 T2D cases with 239 controls to reveal T2D-associated metabolic changes. The longitudinal analysis tracked metabolic changes within individuals from baseline to 2 years of follow-up as the trajectory of T2D progression. By building prediction models, we discovered a distinct metabolic signature in the early postpartum period that predicted future T2D with a median discriminating power area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.883 (95% CI 0.820-0.945, p < 0.001). At baseline, the most striking finding was an overall increase in amino acids (AAs) as well as diacyl-glycerophospholipids and a decrease in sphingolipids and acyl-alkyl-glycerophospholipids among women with incident T2D. Pathway analysis revealed up-regulated AA metabolism, arginine/proline metabolism, and branched-chain AA (BCAA) metabolism at baseline. At follow-up after the onset of T2D, upregulation of AAs and down-regulation of sphingolipids and acyl-alkyl-glycerophospholipids were sustained or strengthened. Notably, longitudinal analyses revealed only 10 metabolites associated with progression to T2D, implicating AA and phospholipid metabolism. A study limitation is that all of the analyses were performed with the same cohort. It would be ideal to validate our findings in an independent longitudinal cohort of women with GDM who had glucose tolerance tested during the early postpartum period. Conclusions In this study, we discovered a metabolic signature predicting the transition from GDM to T2D in the early postpartum period that was superior to clinical parameters (fasting plasma glucose, 2-hour plasma glucose). The findings suggest that metabolic dysregulation, particularly AA dysmetabolism, is present years prior to diabetes onset, and is revealed during the early postpartum period, preceding progression to T2D, among women with GDM. © 2020 Lai et al.
Risk prediction of maternal cardiovascular disease one year after hypertensive pregnancy complications or gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Previous preeclampsia, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus show a firm epidemiological association to maternal cardiovascular disease risk. Cardiovascular disease risk assessment is recommended in women after these pregnancy complications, but not offered in most countries. We therefore wanted to evaluate the applicability of currently recommended cardiovascular disease risk scores for women one-year postpartum of such pregnancy complications. Design and methods: We tested applicability of three scoring systems, the Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease (ASCVD) score, the Joint British Societies for the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease (JBS3) score and Framingham 30 year Risk Score-Cardiovascular Disease (FRS-CVD) in 235 women one-year postpartum (controls: 94, gestational hypertension: 35, preeclampsia: 81, gestational diabetes mellitus: 25). Statistical analysis was performed with Mann–Whitney U test for continuous and Fisher’s mid-corrected p and Pearson’s r for dichotomous variables. A value of p < 0.050 was considered significant. Results: Most women (87.7%) were below 40 years of age, rendering 10-year risk estimations recommended by American and European societies inapplicable. FRS-CVD could be assessed in all women. Significantly fewer could be assessed by the ASCVD (81.5%) and JBS3 (91.6%). All scoring systems showed small, but significant increases in risk scores for one or more of the pregnancy complication groups, but none at the risk magnitude for cardiovascular disease shown in epidemiological studies. Conclusion: We demonstrate that ASCVD, JBS3 and FRS-CVD are inadequate in assessing cardiovascular disease risk one-year postpartum. We suggest that pregnancy complications need to be considered separately when evaluating maternal cardiovascular disease risk and need for postpartum follow-up. © The European Society of Cardiology 2019.
Restless legs syndrome during pregnancy and 12 weeks postpartum and its links to cardiovascular diseases, stressful life events, and psychiatric history; Restless legs syndrome (RLS) is highly prevalent among pregnant women. In the present study, a neurological–obstetrical sample of 561 postpartum women was retrospectively screened for RLS symptoms during pregnancy and in the first 12 weeks postpartum. The first screening took place within 1 to 6 days of delivery (T0) and the second 12 weeks after childbirth (T1). The pregnancy-related RLS prevalence rate was found to be 21% (n = 119), with the women suffering from RLS being more often affected by psychiatric history and having been more exposed to stressful life events. They were also found to have experienced baby blues more frequently shortly after childbirth. However, RLS in pregnancy did not appear to have any effect on the development of postpartum depression. Additionally, a positive trend was observed toward an association between pregnancy-related RLS and gestational diabetes and hypertension. Of the 119 women, 23 (19.3%) remained affected by RLS 12 weeks postpartum. Body mass index (BMI), weight gain, parity, childbearing history, or chronic stress exposure in pregnancy as measured by hair cortisol were not found to be linked to RLS. In summary, a comprehensive understanding of the interaction of clinical, environmental, and anamnestic factors can help shed valuable light on this pregnancy-related condition. © MDPI AG. All rights reserved.
Do lifetime anxiety disorders (anxiety liability) and pregnancy-related anxiety predict complications during pregnancy and delivery?; Background: Evidence suggests that maternal anxiety is associated with adverse pregnancy and delivery outcomes, such as preterm birth, vaginal bleedings and low birth weight. Aims: To examine the association of lifetime anxiety disorders and pregnancy-related anxiety and complications during pregnancy and delivery. Study design: Prospective-longitudinal study (MARI). Subjects: N = 306 pregnant women who were investigated repeatedly during the peripartum period. Outcome measures: Information on lifetime anxiety disorders was assessed using a dimensional score (lifetime anxiety liability index) based on the standardized Composite International Diagnostic Interview for Women (CIDI-V). Pregnancy-related anxiety was surveyed with the Pregnancy and Childbirth Related Fears (PCF) questionnaire. Common pregnancy (e.g. vaginal bleedings) and delivery complications (e.g. labor induction) were assessed via medical records, interviews and questionnaires. Results: The global tests on the association between lifetime anxiety liability and pregnancy complications and on the association between pregnancy-related anxiety and pregnancy/delivery complications revealed significant associations. Further analyses revealed associations of lifetime anxiety liability with preterm labor (OR = 1.6, 95% CI = 1.2–2.0) as well as pregnancy-related anxiety with vaginal bleedings (OR = 1.4, 95% CI = 1.0–1.8), preterm labor (OR = 1.3, 95% CI = 1.0–1.7), gestational diabetes (OR 0.5, 95% CI = 0.2–0.9), labor induction (OR = 1.5, 95% CI = 1.1–1.9) and use of labor medication (OR = 1.6, 95% CI = 1.2–2.0). After adjustment for maternal age, maternal body mass index, maternal smoking, socioeconomic status (occupation, household income) and social support (cohabitation), the associations between pregnancy-related anxiety and labor induction as well as use of labor medication remained significant. Conclusions: Pregnancy-related anxiety should be regularly assessed and, if necessary, treated during (early) pregnancy to minimize risks for complications during delivery. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Myocardial hypertrophy in fetuses of women with gestational diabetes; Fetuses of diabetic mothers are known to have structural and functional cardiac changes. There are minuscule data on fetal cardiac changes from the Indian subcontinent. Hence, this study aimed to detect myocardial hypertrophy using 2D and M-mode fetal echocardiography (ECHO) in South Indian women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in their late phase of pregnancy. We have compared ECHO findings among nondiabetic controls and well-controlled and poorly controlled GDM through a cross-sectional observational study. Myocardial and interventricular septum (IVS) thicknesses were measured at the end of systole and diastole. The study included a total of 247 pregnant women; among them, 152 were diabetics [(well-controlled (n = 74) and poorly controlled (n = 78)], and 95 were nondiabetic controls. Myocardial hypertrophy is evident only beyond 29 weeks of gestation. During 29–34 weeks, myocardial hypertrophy is less severe among those with glycemic control. The fetuses beyond 35 weeks have a consistent and significant progressive thickening of fetal myocardium in all dimensions (p-value < 0.05). The overall thickness of ventricular walls and IVS increases with the diabetic status from nondiabetic controls to poorly controlled GDM women. There is a clear need to explore the perinatal implications of structural changes, considering the huge burden of diabetes in the Indian population. © 2020 Jyothi Samanth et al. All rights reserved.
Association between the reproductive health of young women and cardiovascular disease in later life: Umbrella review; Objective To consolidate evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses investigating the association between reproductive factors in women of reproductive age and their subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease. Design Umbrella review. Data sources Medline, Embase, and Cochrane databases for systematic reviews and meta-analyses from inception until 31 August 2019. Review methods Two independent reviewers undertook screening, data extraction, and quality appraisal. The population was women of reproductive age. Exposures were fertility related factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Outcome was cardiovascular diseases in women, including ischaemic heart disease, heart failure, peripheral arterial disease, and stroke. Results 32 reviews were included, evaluating multiple risk factors over an average follow-up period of 7-10 years. All except three reviews were of moderate quality. A narrative evidence synthesis with forest plots and tabular presentations was performed. Associations for composite cardiovascular disease were: twofold for pre-eclampsia, stillbirth, and preterm birth; 1.5-1.9-fold for gestational hypertension, placental abruption, gestational diabetes, and premature ovarian insufficiency; and less than 1.5-fold for early menarche, polycystic ovary syndrome, ever parity, and early menopause. A longer length of breastfeeding was associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. The associations for ischaemic heart disease were twofold or greater for pre-eclampsia, recurrent pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth; 1.5-1.9-fold for current use of combined oral contraceptives (oestrogen and progesterone), recurrent miscarriage, premature ovarian insufficiency, and early menopause; and less than 1.5-fold for miscarriage, polycystic ovary syndrome, and menopausal symptoms. For stroke outcomes, the associations were twofold or more for current use of any oral contraceptive (combined oral contraceptives or progesterone only pill), pre-eclampsia, and recurrent pre-eclampsia; 1.5-1.9-fold for current use of combined oral contraceptives, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth; and less than 1.5-fold for polycystic ovary syndrome. The association for heart failure was fourfold for pre-eclampsia. No association was found between cardiovascular disease outcomes and current use of progesterone only contraceptives, use of non-oral hormonal contraceptive agents, or fertility treatment. Conclusions From menarche to menopause, reproductive factors were associated with cardiovascular disease in women. In this review, presenting absolute numbers on the scale of the problem was not feasible; however, if these associations are causal, they could account for a large proportion of unexplained risk of cardiovascular disease in women, and the risk might be modifiable. Identifying reproductive risk factors at an early stage in the life of women might facilitate the initiation of strategies to modify potential risks. Policy makers should consider incorporating reproductive risk factors as part of the assessment of cardiovascular risk in clinical guidelines. Systematic review registration PROSPERO CRD42019120076.  ©
Perinatal outcomes in infants of mothers with diabetes in pregnancy; Background: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing in parallel to the worldwide obesity and type 2 diabetes pandemic. Both GDM and pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) are associated with short- and long-term consequences in the offspring. There are few recent studies addressing outcomes of newborns born to women diagnosed with GDM and PGDM in Israel. Objectives: To assess perinatal complications in offspring of women with GDM and PGDM. Methods: The authors conducted a single-center retrospective case-control study of outcomes of all newborns whose mothers had been diagnosed with diabetes in pregnancy compared to randomly assigned controls born on the same date, whose mothers had no diabetes. Results: In the study period 2015-2017, 526 mothers diagnosed with GDM or PGDM and their newborn infants were identified. The authors randomly assigned 526 control infants. The rate of women with diabetes in pregnancy was 5.0%. Mothers with GDM and PGDM had higher rates of pre-eclampsia, multiple pregnancies, and preterm deliveries. Mothers with PGDM had significantly higher rates of intrauterine fetal demise (4.3%), congenital anomalies (12.8%), and small-for-gestational-age neonates (10.6%) compared to controls (0%, 3.2%, and 4.2%, respectively, P< 0.001). The risks for preterm or cesarean delivery, large-for-gestational-age neonate, respiratory morbidity, hypoglycemia, and polycythemia were increased in offspring of mothers with diabetes, especially PGDM. Conclusions: Despite all the advancements in prenatal care, diabetes in pregnancy, both PGDM and GDM, is still associated with significant morbidities and complications in offspring. Better preconception and inter-pregnancy care might reduce these risks. © 2020 Israel Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Predictors of mortality in extramural neonate at limited resource setting: A prospective observational study; Objective: To evaluate the predictors of mortality in extramural neonate. Study Design: Observational study. Place and Duration of Study: Tertiary care teaching hospital of central India for duration of one year. Material and Methods: All extramural referral neonates admitted were included in the study. Demographic, maternal and neonatal variables were analyzed. Results: The mortality rate was 33.40% with male predominance. On univariate analysis, male sex (p=0.03), neonates born to parents of lower socioeconomic class (p=0.01), preterm birth (p<0.001), very low/extremely low birth weight (p<0.001), who did not cry immediately after birth &required resuscitation (p<0.001), neonates of primigravida (p=0.05), un-booked mothers (p=0.04), mothers with pre-gestational diabetes (p=0.005) were at risk of mortality. Neonates who presented with lethargy, hypothermia, respiratory distress, convulsions, cyanosis, apnea and prolonged capillary refill time had significantly higher mortality. Low socioeconomic status of parent (OR 0.59, CI 0.42-0.85, p=0.004), preterm birth(OR 0.61, CI 0.40-0.92, p=0.01), very low/extremely low birth weight(OR1.48, CI 1.18-1.87, p=0.001), hypothermia (OR 1.60, CI 1.05-2.41, p=0.02), convulsion (OR 3.03, CI 1.93-4.77, p<0.001), lethargy (OR 2.88, CI 1.63-5.10, p<0.001) and prolonged capillary refill time (OR2.79, CI 1.84-4.23, p<0.001) were the independent risk factors of mortality on multivariate regression analysis. Conclusion: Low socioeconomic status of parent, preterm birth, low birth weight, hypothermia, convulsion, lethargy and prolonged capillary refill time were the independent risk factors of mortality in out-born neonate. © 2020, Pakistan Pediatric Journal. All rights reserved.
Gestational diabetes type 2: Variation in high-density lipoproteins composition and function; Aims: Class A2 gestational diabetes mellitus (GDMA2) has short-and long-term effects on the mother and child. These may include abnormalities of placentation, damage to endothelial cells and cardiovascular disease. This research investigated the function and composition of high-density lipoproteins (HDL) among women with GDMA2 and their fetuses. Methods: Thirty pregnant women were recruited during admission for delivery. The function and expression of HDL, paraoxonase1 (PON1) and apolipoprotein A1 (APOA1) in the blood samples and the placental tissue were evaluated. The effect of HDL on migration of endothelial cells was measured in vitro. Results: Compared to normal pregnancy (NP), APOA1 in the maternal plasma of women with GDMA2 was decreased. More APOA1 and PON1 were released from HDL of women with GDMA2, compared to NP. Placental APOA1 and PON1 were decreased in GDMA2. For endothelial cells stimulated with TNFα, HDL cell migration was decreased when cells were evaluated with NP-HDL, as compared to GDMA2-HDL. Conclusions: GDMA2 affects the composition and function of HDL in plasma. Changes in HDL commonly seen in GDMA2 were observed in maternal and placental samples, but not in cord samples. These results might indicate a placental role in protecting the fetus by preserving the components and functions of HDL and require further investigation. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Risk factors for congenital heart disease: A case-control study; Objective: to investigate the prevalence and risk factors in newborns with congenital heart defects (CHD). Methods: this case-control study included 234,386 births from January 2006 to June 2013 that were evaluated and registered in the Latin-American Collaborative Study of Congenital Malformations (ECLAMC) methodology, establishing the Bogota Birth Defects Surveillance and Follow-up Program (BBDSFP). Results: 234,368 births were registered and 277 of them were identified to have a CHD. The most common defect among all was ventricular septal defect (13.7%) followed by atrial septal defect (10.1%). As main associations we obtained: having any type of pre-gestational diabetes mellitus had an increased risk for the development of CHD (OR 16.36 CI: 4.54–58.35). Low weight newborns (less than 2,500 g) (OR: 4.13 CI: 3.13–5.44) and a gestational age lower than 36 weeks (OR: 4.92 CI: 3–5.44) were also linked to malformations. Conclusions: women with diabetes mellitus represent a high-risk pregnancy group, more work is needed to educate diabetic women, so CHD can be prevented and the outcomes of their pregnancy can be improved. Appropriate glycemic control before and during pregnancy may reduce CHD. © 2020 Sociedad Colombiana de Cardiología y Cirugía Cardiovascular
Risk score for predicting primary cesarean delivery in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a higher risk of cesarean delivery (CD) than glucose-tolerant women. The aim of this study was to develop and validate a risk score for predicting primary CD in women with GDM. Methods: A risk score for predicting primary CD was developed using significant clinical features of 385 women who had a diagnosis of GDM and delivered at our institution between January 2011 and December 2014. The score was then tested for validity in another cohort of 448 individuals with GDM who delivered between January 2015 and December 2018. Results: The risk score was developed using the features nulliparity, excess gestational weight gain, and insulin use. The scores that classified the pregnant women as low risk (0 points), intermediate risk (1-3 points), and high risk (≥ 4 points) were directly associated with the primary CD rates of the women in the development cohort: 14.7, 38.2 and 62.3%, respectively (P < 0.001). The model showed good calibration and acceptable discriminative power with a C statistic of 0.724 (95% confidence interval, 0.670-0.777). Similar results were observed in the validation cohort. Conclusion: A risk score using the features nulliparity, excess gestational weight gain, and insulin use can estimate the risk for primary CD in women with GDM. © 2020 The Author(s).
Paired maternal and fetal cardiac functional measurements in women with gestational diabetes mellitus at 35–36 weeks’ gestation; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with early-onset cardiovascular disease and increased incidence of adverse cardiovascular outcomes in mothers and their offspring. Few studies with a limited number of patients have reported subclinical cardiac changes in association with gestational diabetes mellitus; however, it remains unclear whether the mother and the fetus respond in a similar fashion to gestational diabetes mellitus; thus, by assessing the heart of one, we can estimate or predict changes in the other. Objective: This study aimed to compare maternal and fetal cardiovascular functions in the third trimester between women with gestational diabetes mellitus and women with uncomplicated pregnancy and to explore whether gestational diabetes mellitus affects to the same extent the maternal and fetal heart. Study Design: This was a cross-sectional study of maternal and fetal echocardiography for assessment of cardiovascular function in the third trimester in women with singleton pregnancies who received a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus and the control group with uncomplicated pregnancies. Results: In this study, we included 161 women with gestational diabetes mellitus and 483 women with uncomplicated pregnancies. Compared with women in the control group, women with gestational diabetes mellitus were older (34.5, standard deviation, 5.3 years] vs 32.5, standard deviation, 4.8 years]; P<.001), had higher body mass index (31.3 kg/m2 [standard deviation, 5.8] vs 28.6 kg/m2 [standard deviation, 4.4]; P<.001), had lower weight gain during pregnancy (8.3 [interquartile range, 4.8–11 kg] vs 10.8 [interquartile range, 8.2–13.5 kg]; P<.001), and delivered babies with lower birthweight (P<.001). After multivariable analysis, accounting for differences in maternal characteristics and fetal weight, mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus had lower left ventricular diastolic and systolic (tissue Doppler systolic [s’] wave) functional indices (P<.01 for both) compared with those of mothers in the control group. The noted cardiac changes did not fulfill the adult criteria for clinical cardiac dysfunction. No differences in hemodynamic indices (cardiac output and peripheral vascular resistance) and left ventricular mass were noted between the groups. Fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus had more globular-shaped hearts with increased right and left ventricular sphericity indices (P<.001 for both) and reduced global longitudinal right and left ventricular systolic functional indices (P<.001 for both). The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on maternal and fetal hearts was different, and there was no clear association between the two. Conclusion: In the third trimester, in pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus, there were subclinical cardiac changes in both the mother and the fetus, but there was no significant difference in any of the fetal cardiac parameters between women with and women without unfavorable cardiac profile. This suggests that the stimulus for cardiovascular responses in the mother and fetus may not be the same in pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Non-stress test in high-risk pregnancy; Introduction: The journey of the foetus through the maternal pelvis is considered most difficult. The art of obstetrics is based on balancing the risks encountered during this journey. Aims and Objectives: To evaluate the relation between the result of the non-stress test and mode of delivery. To evaluate the relation between the result of the non stress test and perinatal outcome. This prospective study was carried out in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology at Krishna Institute of Medical Sciences, Karad. All high-risk patients admitted for induction of labour or in the latent phase of One hundred and fifty patients with high-risk pregnancies like pregnancy-induced hypertension, intrauterine growth retardation, overdue pregnancy, oligohydramnios, gestational diabetes and heart disease. Results-Patients with the gestational age of more than 34 weeks were subjected to the non-stress test. Out of 150 patients, 85 patients (56.67%) had normal, 44 patients (29.33%) had suspicious and 21 patients (14%) had abnormal non-stress test results. 80% of patients with normal non-stress test deliver vaginally as against 50% in suspicious group and 28.57% in abnormal group. Caesarean section rate in the normal group was 20% while that in the suspicious group was 50% and 71.43% in abnormal group. In the abnormal group, caesarean section was done in 73.33% for cause related to the result of a non stress test. Conclusion: Non-stress test is a simple, non-invasive, inexpensive test for antepartum foetal surveillance. It is easy to perform and causes no inconvenience or complications to the patient. The non-stress test should be performed for diagnostic purpose in the light of clinical circumstances. © IJCRR.
Self-reported eating speed and incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus: The Japan environment and children’s study; There is little evidence linking eating speed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) incidence. We therefore aimed to evaluate the prospective association of eating speed with GDM incidence. Overall, 97,454 pregnant women were recruited between January 2011 and March 2014. Singleton pregnant women who did not have GDM, heart disease, stroke, cancer, type 1 diabetes, and/or type 2 diabetes at the time of study enrollment were eligible. Each woman was asked about her eating speed at that time via a questionnaire. Odds ratios of GDM in relation to eating speed were obtained using logistic regression. Among the 84,811 women eligible for analysis, 1902 cases of GDM were identified in medical records. Compared with women who reported slow eating speed, the age-adjusted odds ratios (95% confidence interval) of GDM for women who reported medium, relatively fast, or very fast eating speed were 1.03 (0.90, 1.18), 1.07 (0.94, 1.23), and 1.28 (1.05, 1.58), respectively. Adjustment for demographic, lifestyle-related, and dietary factors including dietary fat, dietary fiber, and energy intakes yielded similar results. The association was attenuated and no longer significant after further adjustment for pre-pregnancy body mass index. The mediation analysis showed that being overweight accounted for 64% of the excess risk of GDM associated with eating speed. In conclusion, women who reported very fast eating speed, compared with those reporting slow eating speed, were associated with an increased incidence of GDM, which may be largely mediated by increased body fat. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Elevated galectin-3 in women with gestational diabetes mellitus, a new surrogate for cardiovascular disease in women; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with future cardiovascular morbidity and recognized as a women-specific risk factor for cardiovascular disease. The mechanisms for this association are not well established. Therefore, we aimed to evaluate the cardiovascular-related biomarkers, galectin-3 (Gal-3) and protein convertase subtilisin/kexin (PCSK) type 9, in women with GDM. Methods Blood samples were drawn in the third trimester from 31 women diagnosed with GDM and from 35 women with normal pregnancies. Blood levels of Gal-3 and PCSK-9 were measured using a quantitative sandwich enzyme immunoassay. In addition, we measured Gal-3 levels in 24 pregnant women in the first trimester who later developed GDM and in 36 healthy controls. Continuous variables were compared using student’s t-test and categorical variables by chi-square/fisher’s exact tests. Results We found increased levels of Gal-3 in women diagnosed with GDM compared to women without GDM (124.6±32% versus control; pv = 0.001). Furthermore, we demonstrated elevated levels of Gal-3 during the first trimester among women who later developed GDM compared with women who did not develop any gestational morbidity (125.7±32% versus control; pv = 0.004). Third-trimester levels of PCSK-9 did not differ between women with and without GDM (560±45ng/mL versus 553±33ng/mL; pv = 0.4). Conclusions The results suggest a possible mechanism that may link GDM to the future increased cardiovascular risk in these patients. Additionally, increased Gal-3 levels during the first trimester may suggest a new early predictor for GDM. © 2020 Talmor-Barkan et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Recommendations and management of hyperglycaemia in pregnancy during COVID-19 pandemic in Italy; Many specialists use the remote management of people with chronic disease as diabetes, but structured management protocols have not been developed yet. The COVID-19 pandemic has given a big boost to the use of telemedicine, as it allows to maintain the physical distance, essential to the containment of contagion having regular health contact. Encouraging results related to the use of telemedicine in women with hyperglycaemia in pregnancy, have been recently published. It is well known that hyperglycaemia alters the immune response to infections, that inflammation, in turn, worsens glycaemic control and that any form of hyperglycaemia in pregnancy (HIP) has effects not only on the mother but also on development of the foetus. Therefore, the Italian Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group, together with a group of experts, developed these recommendations in order to guide physicians in the management of HIP, providing specific diagnostic, therapeutic and assistance pathways (PDTAs) for the COVID-19 emergency. Three detailed PDTAs were developed, for type 1, type 2 and gestational diabetes. © 2020
Differences in serum brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) levels between twins pregnancy and singleton pregnancy during late pregnancy,delivery and postpartum period; Objective: By comparing the changes of brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) between twin pregnancy and singleton pregnancy during pregnancy, delivery and postpartum period, to explored the status of heart load in twins pregnancy at different stages. Methods: A total of 252 patients admitted to the obstetics and Gynecology Hospital of Fudan University from Jul 2015 to Apr 2017 were incloded in our study and were analyzd retrospectively. The gestational week of delivery was set at 28-41 weeks of gestation. According to the same admission and exclusion criteria, pregnant women were divided into twins pregnancy group and single pregnancy group. The two groups were further divided into prenatal, day of delivery, the first day and second day after delivery according to the time of pregnancy and puerperium. Nonparametric test was used to analyze the differences between different groups. Results: A total of 252 pregnant women were enrolled. There was no significant difference in age between the two groups. Pregnancy with anemia (Hgb>80 g/L), the proportion of gestational diabetes mellitus between the two groups at different time points had no statistical difference. There was no significant difference in BNP level between the two groups before and on the day of delivery and on the secend day of delivery. The BNP level of twins pregnancy group was significantly higher than that of singleton pregnancy group on the first day of delivery (P<0. 05). According to the subgroup analysis of delivery mode, there was significant difference in BNP level between the two groups on the first day after cesarean section (P<0. 05). There was statistical difference in BNP distribution between vaginal delivery and cesarean section in singleton pregnancy group on the first day and the second day after delivery (P<0. 05). Conclusion: BNP was the highest on the first day after delivery in singleton and twins pregnancy group, and the heart load of twins pregnancy was significantly heavier than that of singleton pregnancy. © 2020, Editorial Department of Fudan University Journal of Medical Sciences. All right reserved.
Metformin Ameliorates Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-Induced Endothelial Dysfunction via Downregulation of p65 and Upregulation of Nrf2; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) causes oxidative stress in mothers and infants and causes vascular endothelial dysfunction, which is a key factor for maternal and fetal cardiovascular diseases in the later stage of GDM, seriously threatening the life and health of mothers and infants. Nowadays, metformin (MET) has been discovered to improve endothelial function, but studies regarding the mechanism of MET improving endothelial cell function and alleviating endothelial function under hyperglycemia are still extremely limited. We aimed to investigate whether MET exerts its protective role against hyperglycemia-induced endothelial dysfunction through p65 and Nrf2. In our studies, applying cell migration assay and tube formation assay, we observed an obvious improvement of endothelial function under MET-treated, as characterized by that MET accelerated GDM-attenuated migration and angiogenesis of HUVECs. And ELISA assay results uncovered that Nrf2 expression level was decreased in GDM placenta, HVUECs and maternal serum comparing with normal group, however activation Nrf2 largely ameliorated tube formation under hyperglycemic condition. Furthermore, MET elevated the Nrf2 expression level and the level of nuclear Nrf2 accumulation in hyperglycemic HUVECs. Besides, preliminary evidence predicted that Nrf2 expression was modulated by transcription factor p65, which was increased in GDM peripheral blood, placenta and HUVECs, and suppression of p65 could recover GDM-induced suppression of angiogenesis. In addition, we also confirmed MET restores the GDM-induced angiogenesis impairment may via downregulation of p65 and upregulation of Nrf2. Taken together, the endothelial protective effect of MET under GDM (HG) conditions could be partly attributed to its role in downregulating p65 and upregulating Nrf2. © Copyright © 2020 Sun, Lai, Wang, Xu, Li, Wang, Zheng and Zheng.
Maternal glycemia during pregnancy and child carotid intima media thickness, pulse wave velocity, and augmentation index; Background: In women without diabetes, little is known about the consequences of hyperglycemia during pregnancy for the offspring's cardiovascular structure and function. Objective: To investigate the association of maternal glycemia during pregnancy with cardiovascular risk markers in their children in GUSTO, a Singaporean birth cohort study. Methods: Around 26 weeks' gestation, a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test was performed and fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and 2-hour postprandial plasma glucose (PPPG) concentrations were measured. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was defined using WHO 1999 diagnostic criteria. At 6 years of age, we measured the child's carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT), carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV), aortic augmentation index (AIx), and blood pressure (BP). Association of maternal glycemia during pregnancy with cardiovascular risk markers in their children were analyzed using multiple linear and logistic regressions. Results: Analysis were performed on 479 mother-child dyads. Higher maternal FPG was associated with higher cIMT and, in males, with a higher cfPWV in the offspring (adjusted β [CI 95%], cIMT: 0.08 per 10mm increase [0.02; 0.15], cfPWV: 0.36 m/s [0.01; 0.70]). Higher 2-hour PPPG was associated with higher cfPWV and AIx. Gestational diabetes mellitus was associated with higher AIx. No association was found between maternal glycemia and their offspring blood pressure. Conclusions: among mothers without pre-existing diabetes, higher glycemia during pregnancy was associated with mild structural and functional vascular changes in their children at 6 years of age across a continuum. These results support the necessity to monitor maternal glycemia during pregnancy even in the absence of pre-existing diabetes or diagnosed GDM. © 2020 Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
Sympathetic nervous system activity and reactivity in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with vascular dysfunction. Sympathetic nervous system activity (SNA) is an important regulator of vascular function, and is influenced by glucose and insulin. The association between GDM and SNA (re)activity is unknown. We hypothesize that women with GDM would have increased SNA during baseline and during stress. Methods: Eighteen women with GDM and 18 normoglycemic pregnant women (controls) were recruited. Muscle SNA (MSNA; peroneal microneurography) was assessed at rest, during a cold pressor test (CPT) and during peripheral chemoreflex deactivation (hyperoxia). Spontaneous sympathetic baroreflex gain was quantified versus diastolic pressure at rest and during hyperoxia. Results: Age, gestational age (third trimester) and pre-pregnancy body mass index and baseline MSNA was not different among the groups. Women with GDM had a similar increase in MSNA, but a greater pressor response to CPT compared to controls (% change in MAP 17 ± 7% vs. 9 ± 9%; p =.004). These data are consistent with a greater neurovascular transduction in GDM (% change in total peripheral resistance/% change in burst frequency [BF]: 15.9 ± 30.2 vs. −5.2 ± 16.4, p =.03). Interestingly, women with GDM had a greater reduction in MSNA during hyperoxia (% change in BF −30 ± 19% vs. −6 ± 17%; p =.01). Conclusion: Women diagnosed with GDM have similar basal SNA versus normoglycemic pregnant women, but greater neurovascular transduction, meaning a greater influence of the sympathetic nerve activity in these women. We also document evidence of chemoreceptor hyperactivity, which may influence SNA in women with GDM but not in controls. © 2020 The Authors. Physiological Reports published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of The Physiological Society and the American Physiological Society
Associations of greenness with gestational diabetes mellitus: The Guangdong Registry of Congenital Heart Disease (GRCHD) study; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse short- and long-term health outcomes among mothers and their offspring. GDM affects 0.6%–15% of pregnancies worldwide and its incidence is increasing. However, intervention strategies are lacking for GDM. Previous studies indicated a protective association between greenspace and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), while few studies have explored the association between greenness and GDM. This study aimed to investigate the association between residential greenness and GDM among women from 40 clinical centers in Guangdong province, south China. The study population comprised 5237 pregnant mothers of fetuses and infants without birth defects, from 2004 to 2016. There were n = 157 diagnosed with GDM according to World Health Organization criteria. We estimated residential greenness using the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI), derived from satellite imagery using a spatial-statistical model. Associations between greenness during pregnancy and GDM were assessed by confounder-adjusted random effects log-binomial regression models, with participating centers as the random effect. One interquartile increments of NDVI250m, NDVI500m and NDVI1000m were associated with 13% (RR = 0.87, 95%CI: 0.87–0.87), 8% (RR = 0.92, 95%CI: 0.91–0.92) and 3% (RR = 0.97, 95%CI: 0.97–0.97) lower risks for GDM, respectively. However, NDVI3000m was not significantly associated with GDM (RR = 0.96, 95%CI: 0.78–1.19). The risk for GDM decreased monotonically with greater NDVI. The protective effect of greenness on GDM was stronger among women with lower socioeconomic status and in environments with a lower level air pollutants. Our results suggest that greenness might provide an effective intervention to decrease GDM. Greenness and residential proximity to greenspace should be considered in community planning to improve maternal health outcomes. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Cardio-metabolic diseases in pregnancy: A review on diagnosis, treatment and projection of long-term cardiovascular risk; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Although there is a decrease in general population, the prevalence of coronary heart disease remains stable in women. Several factors typical of womenkind predispose to cardiovascular disease, including pregnancy, mediated by hematological and cardiovascular changes characteristic of it; and by associated pathologies, mainly hypertensive disorders and diabetes. The presence of these diseases has been strongly associated with future presence of other conditions of high cardiovascular risk such as chronic hypertension, dyslipidemia and diabetes mellitus. Given this impact, the identification of high-risk groups and the implementation of preventive measures, as well as early diagnosis and adequate treatment in order to reduce both maternal and fetal complications in perinatal and postpartum stages becomes imperative. © 2020 Sociedad Chilena de Obstetricia y Ginecologia. All rights reserved.
Third Trimester Myocardial Performance Index in Fetuses from Women with Hyperglycemia in Pregnancy: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Introduction The myocardial performance index (MPI) has been proposed to evaluate cardiac dysfunction in newborns from diabetic mothers. Although MPI is routinely assessed in newborns, its role in the evaluation of fetuses from women with hyperglycemia in pregnancy (HIP) is still under evaluation. We aimed to evaluate the differences in third trimester fetal MPI in pregnant women with hyperglycemia compared to healthy controls. Materials and Methods Seven electronic databases were searched for all studies assessing women with HIP who underwent evaluation of fetal left MPI during pregnancy compared to a control group.The summary measures were reported as mean differences (MD) in the mean fetal left MPI between women with HIP and healthy controls, with a 95% confidence interval (CI). A post hoc subgroup analysis based on the type of HIP - pregestational diabetes, GDM, or gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) - was performed as an additional analysis. Results 14 studies assessing 1326 fetuses (580 from women with HIP and 746 from controls) were included. Women with HIP had a significantly higher mean left fetal MPI compared to controls (MD 0.08; 95%CI: 0.05 to 0.11; p<0.00001). Subgroup analysis according to the type of HIP concurred with the overall analysis for women with DM(MD 0.07; 95%CI: 0.01 to 0.13; p=0.02) and for women with GDM(MD 0.012; 95%CI: 0.07 to 0.17; p<0.00001) but not for women with GIGT (MD -0.01, 95% CI -0.28 to 0.27; p=0.96). Conclusion Fetal left MPI is increased in pregnancies with HIP appearing as a potential marker of cardiac dysfunction. © 2020 Georg Thieme Verlag. All rights reserved.
Acute fatty liver during pregnancy and gestational diabetes insipidus: A case report; Acute fatty liver during pregnancy (AFLP) is an emergency and potentially fatal condition occurring during the peripartum period. It is characterized by fatty microvascular infiltration of hepatocytes and has an incidence rate of approximately one in 7,000 to one in 20,000 pregnancies. It may induce profound liver failure and can be accompanied by renal failure, polydipsia/polyuria, disseminated intravascular coagulation, hypoglycemia, and encephalopathy. Emergency delivery at the appropriate time is crucial to control the development of AFLP. Gestational diabetes insipidus (GDI) is another rare disorder characterized by polyuria, polydipsia, and dehydration. It has an incidence rate of 2–4 cases/100,000 pregnancies and develops during the third trimester. Here the authors present the case of a patient with AFLP and transient GDI complicated with non-reassuring fetal status. The conditions were resolved after delivery and multidisciplinary intensive care. © 2020 Wang et al.
Evaluation of anthropometric measures for assessment of cardiometabolic risk in early childhood; Objective: Waist-to-height ratio has been shown to be an important indicator of cardiometabolic risk. There are few studies evaluating this measure against existing measures of adiposity and cardiometabolic markers in early childhood. The objectives were: (i) to determine in young children the ability of waist-to-height ratio, BMI z-score, weight for length, and sum of skin fold thickness to predict cardiometabolic risk and (ii) to examine this association at ages 1, 3 and 5 years.Design: Prospective cohort study.Setting: A university hospital in Toronto, Ontario.Participants: Infants at 1 (n 406), 3 (n 112) and 5 years of age (n 94) born to mothers with and without gestational diabetes mellitus.Results: Weight for length and BMI z-score demonstrated the strongest correlations with biochemical measures compared to waist-to-height ratio, including leptin (at 5 years, weight for length z-score: ρ = 0·65, P < 0·001; BMI z-score: ρ = 0·67, P < 0·001) and measures of insulin resistance (at 3 years, weight for length z-score: ρ = 0·25, P = 0·02; BMI z-score: ρ = 0·24, P = 0·02). The magnitude of associations between anthropometric measures and biochemical measures strengthened over time. Weight for length and BMI z-scores were moderately correlated with overall measures of fat mass as measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (ρ = 0·65, P = 0·00; ρ = 0·61, P = 0·01).Conclusions: Waist-to-height ratio was not superior to existing measures in predicting cardiometabolic risk in young children. BMI z-score is a preferred measure of adiposity between birth and 5 years of age.  © The Authors 2020.
Provider Counseling about and Risk Perception for Future Chronic Disease among Women with Gestational Diabetes and Preeclampsia; Background: Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes or preeclampsia are at a greater risk of developing future type 2 diabetes mellitus, high blood pressure, and cardiovascular disease. Increased perception of future chronic disease risk is positively associated with making health behavior changes, including in pregnant women. Although gestational diabetes is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes, few women have heightened risk perception. Little research has assessed receipt of health advice from a provider among women with preeclampsia and its association with risk perception regarding future risk of high blood pressure and cardiovascular disease. Among women with recent diagnoses of preeclampsia or gestational diabetes, we assessed associations between receipt of health advice from providers, psychosocial factors, and type of pregnancy complication with risk perception for future chronic illness. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis among 79 women diagnosed with preeclampsia and/or gestational diabetes using surveys and medical record abstraction after delivery and at 3 months postpartum. Results: Overall, fewer than half of the 79 women with preeclampsia and gestational diabetes reported receiving health advice from a provider, and women with preeclampsia were significantly less likely to receive counseling as compared with women with gestational diabetes (odds ratio 0.23). We did not identify a difference in the degree of risk perception by pregnancy complication or receipt of health advice. There were no significant differences in risk perception based on age, race, education, or health insurance coverage. Conclusions: We demonstrated that women with preeclampsia and gestational diabetes are not routinely receiving health advice from providers regarding future chronic disease risk, and that women with preeclampsia are less likely to be counseled on their risk, compared with women with gestational diabetes. Provider and patient-centered interventions are needed to improve postpartum care and counseling for women at high risk for chronic disease based on recent pregnancy complications.  © 2020, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers.
“If I Don’t Eat Enough, I Won’t Be Healthy”. Women’s Experiences with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Treatment in Rural and Urban South India; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a range of adverse pregnancy outcomes as well as increased risk of future type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In India, 10%–35% of pregnant women develop GDM. In this study, we investigated women’s experiences with the dietary and pharmaceutical treatment for GDM in rural and urban Tamil Nadu, India. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with 19 women diagnosed with GDM. Data were analyzed using qualitative content analysis. Three overall aspects were discovered with several sub-aspects characterizing women’s experiences: emotional challenges (fear and apprehension for the baby’ health and struggling to accept a treatment seen as counterintuitive to being safe and healthy), interpersonal challenges (managing treatment in the near social relations and social support, and coordinating treatment with work and social life), and health system-related challenges (availability and cost of treatment, interaction with health care providers). Some aspects acted as barriers. However, social support and positive, high-quality interactions with health care providers could mitigate some of these barriers and facilitate the treatment process. Greater efforts at awareness creation in the social environment and systemic adjustments in care delivery targeting the individual, family, community and health system levels are needed in order to ensure that women with GDM have the opportunity to access treatment and are enabled and motivated to follow it as well. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Transgenerational effects of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes on offspring body composition and left ventricle mass: the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL) 6-year follow-up; Aim: To investigate the influence of maternal adiposity and gestational diabetes on offspring body composition and left ventricle mass in early childhood. Methods: The observational follow-up study included 201 mother-child pairs, a sub-cohort from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study, who were recruited 6.1 ± 0.5 (mean ± SD) years postpartum, aiming for an equal number of mothers with and without gestational diabetes. Results: Maternal pre-pregnancy BMI (mean ± SD; 30.5 ± 5.6 kg/m2) was associated with child body fat percentage [0.26 (95% CI; 0.08, 0.44)% increase in child body fat per 1 kg/m2 increase in pre-pregnancy BMI of mothers with obesity] and was reflected in child BMI Z-score (mean ± SD; 0.45 ± 0.93). Left ventricle mass, left ventricle mass index and left ventricle mass Z-score were not associated with gestational diabetes, pre-pregnancy BMI or child body fat percentage. After adjusting for child sex, body fat percentage, systolic blood pressure, pre-pregnancy BMI and maternal lean body mass, left ventricle mass increased by 3.08 (95% CI; 2.25, 3.91) g for each 1 kg in child lean body mass. Conclusions: Left ventricle mass at 6 years of age is determined predominantly by lean body mass. Maternal pre-gestational adiposity is reflected in child, but no direct association between left ventricle mass and child adiposity or evidence of left ventricle mass foetal programming related to gestational diabetes and maternal adiposity was observed in early childhood. © 2019 Diabetes UK
CONGENITAL MALFORMATIONS IN GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS; Congenital malformations play a significant role in infant and early childhood deaths and morbidity. Diabetes while pregnancy increases anomaly risk. In another words, Maternal diabetes is a well-established and increasingly prevalent environmental risk factor for gestational diabetes; however if exposure to high serum glucose levels earlier, especially during first trimester, it could cause congenital malformations, too. The most common type of congenital malformation that is seen due to gestational diabetes, is congenital heart disease. Cardiomyopathies are especially frequent. But neurologic, gastrointestinal and other anomalies are also reported in the literature. Because gestational diabetes is diagnosed after week 20, the risk of malformation is rare. Even if there is slightly increased risk at gestational diabetes, the hope of doctors is to manage screening of at-risk mothers closely and prevent congenital anomalies. © 2020 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Hyperglycemia During Pregnancy and Long-Term Offspring Outcomes; Purpose of Review: This review will focus on the long-term outcomes in offspring exposed to in utero hyperglycemia and gestational diabetes (GDM), including obesity, adiposity, glucose metabolism, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and puberty. Recent Findings: There is evidence, mostly from observational studies, that offspring of GDM mothers have increased risk of obesity, increased adiposity, disorders of glucose metabolism (insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes), and hypertension. In contrast, evidence from the two intervention studies of treatment of mild GDM and childhood measures of BMI, adiposity, and glucose tolerance do not demonstrate that GDM treatment significantly reduces adverse childhood metabolic outcomes. Thus, more evidence is needed to understand the impact of maternal GDM on offspring’s adiposity, glucose metabolism, lipid metabolism, risk of fatty liver disease, and pubertal onset. Summary: Offspring of GDM mothers may have increased risk for metabolic and cardiovascular complications. Targeting this group for intervention studies to prevent obesity and disorders of glucose metabolism is one potential strategy to prevent adverse metabolic health outcomes. © 2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Gestational Glycemic Parameters and Future Cardiometabolic Risk at Medium-Term Follow Up; Objectives: Gestational diabetes is known to be associated with increased risk for future maternal cardiovascular disease. However, it is not known which gestational glycemic parameters mediate this risk. The study's aim was to assess the relationship between gestational glycemic parameters and gestational diabetes with future cardiometabolic status. Methods: This cohort study comprised subjects who underwent assessment for gestational diabetes by means of a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test at Mater Dei Hospital, Malta, during 2009. These patients were consequently followed up through January 2018. Carotid intima-media thickness was assessed as a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis in both common carotid arteries. Results: The mean age of the study population was 38.3±5.4 years. Of the 203 participants, 43 (21.2%) had gestational diabetes. Gestational diabetes and individual glycemic parameters of intrapregnancy oral glucose tolerance tests were associated with higher glycated hemoglobin, fasting plasma glucose, low-density-cholesterol and lower high-density-cholesterol levels and with the presence of the metabolic syndrome in both univariate and multivariate analyses after a median follow up of 8 years. Neither gestational diabetes nor individual glycemic parameters of intrapregnancy oral glucose tolerance tests was associated with current carotid intima-media thickness. Conclusions: Our results suggest that there is no threshold of glycemic parameters for predicting future cardiometabolic status. Our data also suggest that the known association between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease is mediated, at least in part, by higher postpregnancy glycemia and worse lipid profiles, even though these metabolic parameters often remain within the normal range. © 2019 Canadian Diabetes Association
Differential specificities of placental pathologies and uteroplacental malperfusion in types 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes; Objective. Comparative analysis of placental problems and the uteroplacental circulation in types 1 and 2 DM and gestational diabetes (GD). Patients and methods. Placental samples from 18–40-year-old women with singleton live-fetus pregnancy were examined (n = 38), of them 16 had DM1, 10 had DM2 and 12 had GD. The results of multivariable analysis were calculated taking into account such parameters as patients’ weight gain during gestation, gestational age and systolic blood pressure (SBP). Results. Women with DM1 (n = 16) as compared with patients who had either GD or DM, had a higher weight gain during gestation (DM1 vs. DM2: 27.5 ± 11.4 kg vs. 21.5 ± 12.4 kg, р = 0.3; or GD: 21.2 ± 12.8 kg, р = 0.9). Comparing HbA1c levels >6%, 6% and ≤6%, we found that at HbA1c levels ≤6% the pathomorphological signs of microinfarcts more often prevailed in placental samples (25.0 vs. 5.0%, р = 0.4), chorion villi maturation were found less often (41.7 vs. 69.7%, р = 0.3, including preeclampsia). We also found a wider prevalence of chorangiosis in patients with DM1 and DM 2 as compared with GD (GD – 32.5% vs. 55.6% in DM1, р =0.1; or DM2: 62.2%, р < 0.1). Conclusion. The severity and pathophysiological mechanisms of the development of placental vasculopathy are dependable on the type of maternal DM. © 2020, Dynasty Publishing House. All rights reserved.
Association between uterine contractions before elective caesarean section and transient tachypnoea of the newborn: A retrospective cohort study; Objective: We evaluated the association between the presence of predelivery uterine contractions and transient tachypnoea of the newborn (TTN) in women undergoing an elective caesarean section. Design: A retrospective cohort study. Setting: National Hospital Organization Kofu National Hospital, which is a community hospital, between January 2011 and May 2019. Participants: The study included 464 women who underwent elective caesarean section. The exclusion criteria were missing data, twin pregnancy, neonatal asphyxia, general anaesthesia and elective caesarean section before term. Primary and secondary outcome measures: Patients were grouped according to the presence or absence of uterine contractions on a 40-min cardiotocogram (CTG) performed within 6 hours before caesarean delivery. We performed a multivariable logistic regression analysis to examine the association between predelivery uterine contractions and TTN. Results: The incidence of TTN was 9.9% (46/464), and 38.4% (178/464) of patients had no uterine contraction. The absence of uterine contractions was significantly associated with an increased risk of TTN (adjusted OR 2.04; 95% CI 1.09 to 3.82) after controlling for gestational diabetes mellitus, small for gestational age, male sex and caesarean section at 37 weeks. Conclusions: Accurate risk stratification using a CTG could assist in the management of infants who are at risk of developing TTN. © 2020 Author(s).
Genes and diet in the prevention of chronic diseases in future generations; Nutrition is a modifiable key factor that is able to interact with both the genome and epigenome to influence human health and fertility. In particular, specific genetic variants can influence the response to dietary components and nutrient requirements, and conversely, the diet itself is able to modulate gene expression. In this context and the era of precision medicine, nutrigenetic and nutrigenomic studies officer significant opportunities to improve the prevention of metabolic disturbances, such as Type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular diseases, even with transgenerational efficects. The present review takes into account the interactions between diet, genes and human health, and provides an overview of the role of nutrigenetics, nutrigenomics and epigenetics in the prevention of non-communicable diseases. Moreover, we focus our attention on the mechanism of intergenerational or transgenerational transmission of the susceptibility to metabolic disturbances, and underline that the reversibility of epigenetic modifications through dietary intervention could counteract perturbations induced by lifestyle and environmental factors. © 2020, MDPI AG. All rights reserved.
A Novel and Precise Profiling Tool to Predict Gestational Diabetes; Background: There is a trend in healthcare for developing models for predictions of disease to enable early intervention and improve outcome. Instrument: We present the use of artificial intelligence algorithms that were developed by Gynisus Ltd. using mathematical algorithms. Experience: Data were retrospectively collected on pregnant women that delivered at a single institution. Hundreds of parameters were collected and found to have different importance and correlation with the likelihood to develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We highlight 3 of 29 specific parameters that were important in pregestation and in early pregnancy, which have not been previously correlated with GDM. Conclusion: This predictive tool identified parameters that are not currently being used as predictors in GDM, even before pregnancy. This tool opens the possibility of intervening on patients identified at risk for GDM and its complications. Future prospective studies are needed. © 2020 Diabetes Technology Society.
Assessment of the Fetal Myocardial Performance Index in Well-Controlled Gestational Diabetics and to Determine Whether It Is Predictive of Adverse Perinatal Outcome; This study was aimed at determining if the myocardial performance index (MPI) is altered in well-controlled gestational diabetics and if so whether it is predictive of adverse perinatal outcome. In a prospective cross-sectional study, 54 consecutive women with well-controlled gestational diabetes controlled on insulin or metformin in the third trimester were recruited and matched with 54 women with normal pregnancies (control group). Using Doppler echocardiography, the MPI was calculated. Sonographic biophysical and placental resistance Doppler markers in both groups were also determined. An abnormal outcome was defined as any of the following: stillbirth; neonatal death; neonatal intensive care admissions; tachypnea with pulmonary edema; neonatal cord pH < 7.15; 5-min Apgar score < 7, polycythemia; and nucleated red blood cells > 10/100 white blood cell counts, hypoglycemia. The MPI was significantly higher in the diabetic group compared to controls (p < 0.0001). Rate of adverse outcome was 22% in the diabetic group. The diabetic group with adverse outcomes had significantly elevated MPI values compared to the diabetic group with normal outcomes. There were 26 diabetics controlled on metformin and 28 controlled on insulin. The adverse outcome rate was slightly higher in the IDDM group compared to the non-insulin-dependent group but was not statistically significant. The main adverse outcomes were low Apgars (18%), hypoglycemia (22%), polycythemia (13%) and low pH in 7%. All control births had normal outcomes. MPI served as an independent predictor of adverse outcome. The MPI z-score had a good diagnostic accuracy as evidenced by the area under the ROC curve of 0.83. An MPI z-score exceeding 4.55 conferred a 90% sensitivity and 74% specificity, with 77% of outcomes correctly classified with a likelihood ratio of 3.5. The MPI is impaired in fetuses in well-controlled gestational diabetes, with fetuses with an adverse outcome having significantly higher MPI values compared to the fetuses with normal outcome in the diabetic group. MPI has the potential to improve fetal surveillance in gestational diabetes. © 2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Increased Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Associated With Stage 1 Hypertension in a Low-Risk Cohort: Evidence From 47 874 Cases; The recommendations for the diagnosis of stage 1 hypertension were recently revised by the American Heart Association primarily based on its impact on cardiovascular disease risks. Whether the newly diagnosed stage 1 hypertension impacts pregnancy complications remain poorly defined. We designed a retrospective cohort study to investigate the associations of stage 1 hypertension detected in early gestation (<20 weeks) with risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes stratified by prepregnancy body mass index. A total of 47 874 women with singleton live births and blood pressure (BP) <140/90 mm Hg were included, with 5781 identified as stage 1a (systolic BP, 130-134 mm Hg; diastolic BP, 80-84 mm Hg; or both) and 3267 as stage 1b hypertension (systolic BP, 135-139 mm Hg; diastolic BP, 85-90 mm Hg; or both). Slightly higher, yet significant, rates and risks of gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and low birth weight (<2500 g) were observed in both groups compared with normotensive controls. Importantly, women with stage 1a and stage 1b hypertension had significantly increased incidences of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy compared with normotensive women (adjusted odds ratio, 2.34 [95% CI, 2.16-2.53]; 3.05 [2.78-3.34], respectively). After stratifying by body mass index, stage 1a and 1b hypertension were associated with increased hypertensive disorders in pregnancy risks in both normal weight (body mass index, 18.5-24.9; adjusted odds ratio, 2.44 [2.23-2.67]; 3.26 [2.93-3.63]) and the overweight/obese (body mass index, ≥25; adjusted odds ratio, 1.90 [1.56-2.31]; 2.36 [1.92-2.90]). Current findings suggested significantly increased adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with stage 1 hypertension based on the revised American Heart Association guidelines, especially in women with prepregnancy normal weight. © 2020 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy-related events associated with subclinical cardiovascular disease burden in late midlife: SWAN; Background and aims: Reproductive factors are associated with later life CVD in women (e.g., age at first birth, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes), but studies have focused largely on premenopausal women. We examined the relationship of reproductive factors with subclinical CVD burden in late midlife women. Methods: We included 964 parous women from the Study of Women's Health Across the Nation (SWAN), who completed a reproductive history questionnaire at the 13th SWAN visit (2011–2012), and a carotid ultrasound and brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV) assessment. The primary outcomes were carotid intima-media thickness, plaque, and baPWV; our secondary outcome was a composite subclinical CVD index created using these measures. Linear and logistic regression was performed to examine associations with individual subclinical CVD measures, and multinomial logistic regression was used in analyses of the composite index. Models adjusted for socio-demographics and cardiovascular risk factors. Results: Mean age at subclinical CVD assessment was 60.2 years (SD ± 2.7). History of gestational hypertension/preeclampsia was associated with greater carotid IMT (β: 0.038, p = 0.004). Earlier age at first birth was associated with subclinical CVD, but not when accounting for CVD risk factors. History of gestational diabetes was associated with greater baPWV, but not related to our composite index. Conclusions: Pregnancy history is an important marker of subclinical CVD in late midlife and may impact the vasculature through distinct pathways. Future studies are necessary to evaluate racial/ethnic differences in the observed associations and to assess the benefit of a composite subclinical CVD index for earlier CVD risk modification in midlife women. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
PLACENTAL ENDOPLASMIC RETICULUM STRESS IN THE DETERMINATION OF PREGNANCY OUTCOME: FROM HOMEOSTASIS TO PATHOPHYSIOLOGY; Adverse consequences of pregnancy disorders not only threaten the lives of the unborn baby and its mother, but also pose an increased risk of chronic poor health, such as obesity, type II diabetes, and cardiovascular disease, for both individuals in later life. It is estimated that approximately one-fifth of human pregnancies suffer from various types of pregnancy disorders, and fetal growth restriction (FGR), pre-eclampsia (PE), and gestational diabetes account for the majority of cases. In the last decade, increasing evidence has demonstrated that endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress plays a central role in the causation of many human pathologies, including metabolic syndromes, neurodegenerative diseases and cancers. Furthermore, the molecular mechanisms involved have been widely explored and documented. In contrast, research on ER stress in pregnancy disorders is in its infancy. Placental dysfunction is well recognized to be central to many of these disorders. The placenta is a transient organ that exists only at the time of the pregnancy, and is vital for its success. The placenta forms the interface between the mother and her fetus, functioning like a “life-support machine” as well as shielding the fetus from maternal immune attack. It also secretes large quantities of hormones and growth factors into the maternal circulation that modulate maternal physiology and metabolism in order to meet the demands of the growing fetus. We therefore speculate that the placenta, like the pancreas, is susceptible to ER stress. Our group was the first to report the existence of ER stress in placentas from pregnancies complicated by FGR and PE in 2008. Since then, we have identified that activation of ER stress pathways may also play a more physiological role in the regulation of placental development, for example in pregnancies at high altitude where it most likely represents a homeostatic adaptation to the chronic hypobaric hypoxia experienced. ER stress can act as a “double-edged sword, ” to ensure the survival of cells under stressed conditions, but also to promote cell death in order to eliminate irreversibly damaged cells. In this chapter, we provide evidence for the existence of ER stress in placentas from a number of pregnancy disorders, and outline the potential molecular mechanisms involved. We then discuss how the severity of placental ER stress may play a crucial role in determining pregnancy outcome. Furthermore, the potential use of ER stress biomarkers as early diagnostic tools in pregnancy disorders is discussed, and the molecular signature for classifying subtypes of PE evaluated. © 2020 Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
A population-based study of diabetes during pregnancy in Spain (2009–2015): Trends in incidence, obstetric interventions, and pregnancy outcomes; (1) Background: We examined trends in incidence and outcomes in women with existing type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared with a control group without diabetes. (2) Methods: This was an observational, retrospective epidemiological study using the National Hospital Discharge Database. (3) Results: There were 2,481,479 deliveries in Spain between 2009 and 2015 (5561 mothers with T1DM, 4391 with T2DM, and 130,980 with GDM). Incidence and maternal age of existing diabetes and GDM increased over time. Women with T2DM were more likely to have obstetric comorbidity (70.12%) than those with GDM (60.28%), T1DM (59.45%), and no diabetes (41.82%). Previous cesarean delivery, preeclampsia, smoking, hypertension, and obesity were the most prevalent risk factors in all types of diabetes. Women with T1DM had the highest rate of cesarean delivery (Risk Ratio (RR) 2.34; 95% Confidence Interval (CI) 2.26–2.43) and prolonged maternal length of stay. Labor induction was higher in T2DM (RR 1.99; 95% CI 1.89–2.10). Women with T1DM had more severe maternal morbidity (RR 1.97; 95% CI 1.70–2.29) and neonatal morbidity (preterm birth, RR 3.32; 95% CI 3.14–3.51, and fetal overgrowth, RR 8.05; 95% CI 7.41–8.75). (4) Conclusions: existing and GDM incidence has increased over time. We found differences in the prevalence of comorbidities, obstetric risk factors, and the rate of adverse obstetric outcomes among women with different types of diabetes. Pregnant women with diabetes have the highest risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Impact of gender on type II diabetes glycemic and cardiovascular markers control and treatment; Background and Objective: Type II Diabetes (T2D) is considered a major health burden locally, regionally and internationally. Gender differences in T2D prevalence were found in several epidemiological and observational studies. The primary goal of this study was to assess the prevalence of T2D-related comorbidities and treatment modalities and the impact of gender. Materials and Methods: This was a cross-sectional study that was conducted between June of 2013 and July of 2016 for patients with T2D at the 2 main outpatient diabetes clinics in Taif city, Saudi Arabia. Those with type I diabetes, gestational diabetes and drug-induced diabetes were excluded. Result: A total of 945 patients with a mean age of 58.4±11.8 years with a nearly equal distribution among both genders but with slightly more male predominance (52.2%). When compared to females, male patients were more likely to be older (p<0.001) and exhibit a longer T2D duration (P 0.003), lower mean BMI (p<0.001), lower systolic blood pressure (P 0.062), higher diastolic blood pressure (P 0.468), less likely to have hypertension and be on ACE/ARB blockers (P 0.065 and 0.019, respectively), more likely to have hyperlipidemia and be on a statin (P 0.065 and 0.124, respectively), and more likely to have cardiac disease and stroke and to be on beta-blockers (P 0.005, 0.279, 0.005, respectively). Conclusion: Both genders exhibited comparable HbA1c levels. Medical treatment optimization along with controlling both measured cardiovascular makers and laboratory result levels was based on comorbidities and complications rather than gender. © 2020 Khaled A. Alswat.
Sleep Disordered Breathing in Pregnancy; Sleep disordered breathing is under recognized in pregnant women. Women affected by SDB or obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) are more likely to experience pregnancy complications and adverse pregnancy outcomes including preeclampsia, preterm birth, and cesarean delivery. The risk factors for sleep disordered breathing and OSA are include: older age, obesity, African-American race, craniofacial abnormalities, and smoking. Women with known SDB/OSA who become pregnant should be evaluated by a sleep medicine specialist to optimize CPAP settings. During labor, pain relief strategies which limit the use of opioid medications should be employed in order to reduce the risk of respiratory suppression. Untreated sleep apnea is associated with subsequent diabetes, hypertension and fatal and nonfatal cardiovascular disease. Management of SDB in pregnant women should address both short term and long term risks of the disease. © 2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Impact of diabetic ketoacidosis in pregnancy; Background: Pregnant women with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) pose an important public health problem, because diabetes not only affects the maternal and the fetal outcome but the women suffering with DM, their fetuses are also at an increased risk of developing diabetes and related complications later in their life. Case description: A 28-year-old woman with the diagnosis of G3P1L1A1 with 32 weeks’ gestational age with previous vaginal delivery and known case of chronic T2DM and hypothyroidism since 4–5 years. On admission, she was having altered sensorium, breathlessness, and palpitations. She was in latent phase of labor. Fetal heart sound was not heard on Doppler. Ultrasonography (USG) revealed intrauterine death of fetus. Her investigation reports suggested severe diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA). She was managed in medicine intensive care unit (ICU) where her labor progressed spontaneously and delivered a male dead baby, weighing 1500 g. It was sent for autopsy. Patient had postpartum hemorrhage and managed medically. But medical management did not suffice for her and so decision of laparotomy was taken with the plan of obstetric hysterectomy. Objectives: We examined the precipitating factors, laboratory abnormalities, treatment strategies, and clinical recovery in pregnancies complicated by DKA. Conclusion: Diabetes during pregnancy is associated with higher maternal and fetal morbidity. Early screening, detection of complications, close monitoring, and intervention are essential to reduce maternal and fetal short-and long-term adverse effects, especially in high-risk pregnancies. Pregnancy provides an opportunity to clinician to control the disease process and inculcate healthy lifestyle practices in these patients. © The Author(s). 2020.
Chronic Hypertension; According to data derived from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2015–2016, the prevalence of chronic hypertension among women of childbearing age (18–39 years) is 7.5%. The etiology and severity of chronic hypertension is an important consideration in the management of pregnancy. Chronic hypertension is subdivided into primary (essential) and secondary. Pregnancies complicated by chronic hypertension are at increased risk for superimposed preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, fetal growth restriction, preterm delivery, and adverse maternal outcomes. Antihypertensive therapy is necessary in women with severe hypertension to reduce the acute risk of stroke, congestive heart failure or renal failure. In addition, control of severe hypertension may also permit pregnancy prolongation and possibly improve perinatal outcome. The primary objective in the management of pregnancies complicated with chronic hypertension is to reduce maternal risks and achieve optimal perinatal survival. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Brain Development in Infants of Mothers With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study; Objective The objective of this study was to investigate clinical neurocognitive performance and microstructural white matter (WM) alterations in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using diffusion tensor imaging. Materials and Methods Infants (corrected gestational age, 33.42-36.00 weeks) of mothers with GDM (n = 31) and gestational age- and sex-matched unexposed controls (n = 31) accomplished 3-T diffusion tensor imaging scans and neurocognitive tests. Diffusion tensor imaging measures, mainly referring to fractional anisotropy (FA) values, were compared between 2 groups, and within-group analysis of correlation between FA values and neurocognitive testing outcomes in GDM-exposed infants was conducted subsequently. Results Fractional anisotropy was significantly decreased in the splenium of corpus callosum, posterior limb of internal capsule, thalamus in infants of mothers with GDM when compared with controls (P < 0.05), reflecting microstructural WM abnormalities in the GDM group. Decreased FA was associated with worse neurocognitive performance in the exposed group (P < 0.05). Conclusions Individuals of mothers with GDM showed microstructural WM abnormalities in different brain regions, which were significantly related to worse neurocognitive performance. This might reveal that GDM directly insults the brain development of the offspring.  © Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Factors associated with the severity of neonatal subgaleal haemorrhage following vacuum assisted delivery; Objective: To evaluate factors associated with subgaleal hemorrhage (SGH) severity following attempted vacuum-assisted delivery (VAD). Study design: This retrospective cohort study was conducted in a tertiary medical center. The population comprised parturients who delivered at our medical center during 2009–2018, and who underwent attempted VAD with singleton pregnancies that resulted in neonatal SGH formation. SGH severity was classified as mild and non-mild (moderate or severe). The main outcome measures were determinants associated with SGH severity. Results: Among 350 neonates with SGH, the degree of severity was non-mild for 48 (13.7%). Compared to the mild group, in the non-mild group, small for gestational age was more common (8.2% vs. 2.6%, p = 0.04). Compared to the mothers in the mild group, in the non-mild group, the proportion with two or more deliveries was lower (0% vs. 7.3%, p = 0.05), gestational diabetes was more common (12.5% vs. 4.6%, p = 0.02), the rate of cervical ripening was higher (27.1% vs. 12.9%, p = 0.02), the duration of the second stage of delivery was longer (mean 177 vs. 152 min, p = 0.04), and the rate of two dislodgments was higher (31.2% vs. 15.2%, p = 0.006). On multivariate analysis, only cervical ripening (adjusted odds ratio [OR]: 2.50; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.20–5.26; P = 0.01 and second stage duration (adjusted OR: 1.13; 95% [CI]: 1.00-1.29; P = 0.05) were independently associated with more severe SGH. Conclusions: The duration of second stage and ripening of the cervix during induction of labor are independently associated with SGH severity following attempted VAD. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Pregnancy and the Postpartum Period as an Opportunity for Cardiovascular Risk Identification and Management; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women. Because women generally present with more atypical symptoms of CVD than do men and because underlying CVD risk factors are often present for years before the onset of CVD, it is important to use innovative ways to identify women who should undergo CVD risk screening at a younger age. Pregnancy and the postpartum period afford us that opportunity, given that the development of certain pregnancy complications (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, delivery of a neonate with fetal growth restriction, and significant placental abruption) can reliably identify women with underlying, often unrecognized, CVD risk factors. Women with one or more of these pregnancy complications should be identified at the time of delivery and referred for regular follow-up. This would ideally take the form of a multidisciplinary clinic including clinicians and allied health specialists to carry out physical and biochemical screening and counseling regarding lifestyle modification and possible therapeutic interventions. Longer-term follow-up and recommendations should be individualized based on findings and risks. There is also an opportunity for future pregnancy counseling and discussion about the importance of weight loss between pregnancies, initiation of a routine involving physical activity, use of preconception folic acid, and the potential initiation of low-dose aspirin for those women at risk for future preeclampsia and fetal growth restriction or the use of progesterone for women at risk for preterm labor. The link between pregnancy complications and future CVD affords us with the earliest opportunity for CVD risk assessment for health preservation and disease prevention. © 2019 by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
The role of first trimester fetal heart rate in the prediction of gestational diabetes: A multicenter study; Objective: Early pregnancy models for prediction of GDM have been proposed, mostly using anamnestic and biochemical parameters. The aim of our study was to evaluate the strength of association of first trimester fetal heart rate (FHR) in predicting the development of gestational diabetes (GDM). Study design: We considered in our analysis singleton non-diabetic pregnant women who underwent a first trimester screening at 11–14 weeks. Data on maternal age, BMI, cigarette smoking, NT, FHR, CRL, DV-PVI, β-hCG and PAPP-A were included in the analysis. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to estimate the association between maternal characteristics and first-trimester ultrasound measurements and GDM. We evaluated the efficacy of different models for the prediction of GDM. Results: We considered 603 women, of whom 199 (33%) were subsequently diagnosed with GDM. ROC analysis showed that first trimester FHR was highly predictive of GDM (AUC 0.809, 95% CI 0.769–0.849, p < 0.001). At FPR of 20%, first trimester FHR had a detection rate of 65.2% for GDM (positive likelihood ratio: 3.26; negative likelihood ratio: 0.43), which increased to 89.5% at FPR of 40% (positive likelihood ratio: 2.24; negative likelihood ratio: 0.17). When considering as threshold 162 bpm, FHR showed detection rate of 76.9%, specificity of 67.1% and negative predictive value of 85.5% for GDM. Conclusion: This is the first study to highlight the potential role of first trimester FHR as early predictor of GDM. In our cohort, a threshold of 162 bpm has shown high detection rate and NPV for GDM. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Implementing a healthy postpartum lifestyle after gestational diabetes or preeclampsia: A qualitative study of the partner's role; Background: Women with preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for later cardiovascular disease, and lifestyle measures are recommended to prevent subsequent disease. Partner support has been shown to be important in lifestyle modification in other diseases, but there is a lack of knowledge of partner involvement in PE and GDM. The aim of this study was to explore the partner's experiences and knowledge of gestational diseases, and how the partner wishes to contribute to lifestyle change. Methods: A qualitative study with one focus group interview and seven in-depth individual interviews, involving eleven partners of women with a pregnancy complicated by GDM or PE. The interview data were inductively analysed using four-step systematic text condensation, supported by interdependence theory. Results: Partners experienced a strong "we-feeling" and wanted to support the woman in lifestyle changes. At the same time, they felt insecure, worried, foolish and left out and they missed information from clinicians. The partners felt that their involvement was crucial to lasting lifestyle changes and expected that the clinicians would routinely invite them to discuss lifestyle change. Conclusions: Partners considered themselves an important resource for lifestyle changes for women with PE and GDM, but missed being more directly invited, informed and included in maternity care and wanted to participate in the care that followed the gestational disease. This study can help health professionals to realize that partners are an overlooked resource that can make important contributions to improve the health of the whole family if they are involved and supported by health services. © 2020 The Author(s).
Circulating levels of selected adipokines in women with gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes; Backgrounds: Adiponectin, adipocyte-fatty acid binding protein (A-FABP), and Wnt1 inducible signaling pathway protein-1 (WISP-1) are adipokines closely associated with insulin resistance. The aim of the study was to compare their levels in women with gestational diabetes (GDM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and healthy controls and determine their relation to metabolic parameters. Methods: Women with GDM, T2DM and healthy women were included in this cross-sectional study. In addition to adipokines, anthropometric, lipid parameters, markers of insulin resistance and glucose control were assessed in all participants. Results: Compared to healthy controls (n = 35) significantly lower levels of adiponectin were detected in women with GDM (n = 50), whereas in women with T2DM (n = 50) higher levels of A-FABP and WISP-1 and lower levels of adiponectin were found. Women with T2DM had also lower levels of adiponectin and higher levels of A-FABP compared to women with GDM. A-FABP and adiponectin were independently associated with levels of triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol and C-peptide insulin resistance index. WISP-1 correlated only with waist circumference. Conclusions: Adverse adipokines production reflecting dysfunctional fat tissue is less presented in women with GDM than in women with T2DM, but more expressed compared to healthy women. © 2020 The Authors.
Long-term metabolic consequences in patients with a history of gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a common metabolic complication of pregnancy. Universal guidelines on gestational diabetes have been impeded by the long-term controversies on its definition and screening strategies. The prevalence of gestational diabetes is rising all over the world, is significantly influenced by ethnicity and its rise is mainly attributed to increasing maternal obesity and age. Gestational diabetes mellitus has important long-term implications, including gestational diabetes recurrence, increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease for the mother. Gestational diabetes mellitus may be viewed as a chronic metabolic disorder that is identified in women during gestation and may provide a unique opportunity for the early identification and primary prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease in these women. In this mini-review, the evolution of screening tests for gestational diabetes and guidelines are briefly described and metabolic and cardiovascular long-term consequences of women with a history of gestational diabetes are summarized. A summary of our own St. Mary’s Hospital-UK Research series on long-term metabolic consequences of 368 women with a history of gestational diabetes of 3 different ethnic groups and 482 control women is also included. We found that approximately 2 years following delivery, 37% of women with a history of gestational diabetes had abnormal glucose concentrations, but, most importantly, even those who were normoglycaemic, postpartum displayed metabolic abnormalities on detailed testing. Future research needs to focus on the prevention of gestational diabetes long-term complications, but also in identification of pre-pregnancy predictors and risk reduction before conception. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
1,5-anhydroglucitol in diabetes: Its role in diagnostics, screening, glycemic status assessment, and the prediction of complications; 1,5-anhydroglucitol (1,5-AG) is a short-term indicator of glycemic status, reflecting hyperglycemic glucose excursions over the prior 1-2 weeks. As glucose level remains in the normal range, plasma concentration of 1,5-AG is maintained stable due to the balance between intake with the food and renal excretion. Under hyperglycemic conditions, when the renal threshold for glucose is exceeded, concentration of 1,5-AG decreases due to competitive inhibition of 1,5-AG reabsorption by glucose. In clinical practice, plasma 1,5-AG is used for retrospective assessment of postprandial glucose fluctuations in diabetic subjects with mild or moderate elevation of HbA1c. The marker is also applied in clinical trials of new agents affecting postprandial glycemia. The advantages of 1,5-AG as a marker of glycemic status are stability, independence on the physiological state when sampling, applicability for patients with abnormalities of hemoglobin and lifespan of erythrocytes. Meantime, the value of this marker is limited in subjects with renal tubular acidosis, 4-5 stages of chronic kidney disease, renal glucosuria, in those receiving acarbose and SGLT2 inhibitors. Application of 1,5-AG for the diagnosis and screening of type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes and prediabetes has been tested. It was revealed that sensitivity of 1,5-AG as screening tool may be insufficient in individuals with mild hyperglycemia, especially if fasting hyperglycemia prevails. Therefore, it has been proposed to combine 1,5-AG with assessment of fasting glucose for the screening purposes. In type 2 diabetic subjects low plasma 1,5-AG is a predictor of renal failure, cardiovascular events, including ischemic heart disease, heart failure and stroke. Decreased 1,5-AG concentration in pregnant women is a risk factor for gestational diabetes and macrosomia. Chromatography and enzymatic methods are used to determine 1,5-AG in blood, urine and other biological fluids. Currently, the relatively high cost and lack of standardization restrain the use of 1,5-AG in clinical practice. Further studies are needed for estimation of 1,5-AG value as a marker of glycemic status in type 1 diabetes, in patients with different levels of HbA1c and different magnitude of glucose variability, as well as in situations where the clinical value of HbA1c is limited. © 2020 Russian Association of Endocrinologists. All rights reserved.
Evaluating the association between neonatal mortality and maternal high blood pressure, heart disease and gestational diabetes: A case control study; Background: Prevention of noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) during pregnancy is recommended due to severe complications for mothers and infants. Considering that NCDs have a significant impact on infant mortality, this study was conducted to investigate the relationship between mothers' underlying diseases and gestational diabetes and infant mortality in Iran. Materials and Methods: Mothers who referred to the health centers in nine provinces of Iran were included. This case-control study used data collected from pregnant women. There were 1162 cases and 1624 controls. The required data were collected from mothers' health records and through interviews. Results: The chances of neonatal mortality in women with a body mass index (BMI) of 30-35, 1.7 times (odds ratio [OR] = 1.7, confidence interval [CI]: 1.19-2.44, P= 0.003) was higher compared with women with a normal BMI. The chance of neonatal mortality among mothers with high blood pressure was three times higher compared with healthy mothers (OR = 3.04, 95% CI: 1.98-4.65, P < 0.001). The chance of neonatal mortality in women with kidney disease was also 1.64 times higher than mothers without kidney problems (OR = 1.64, 95% CI: 1.1-2.45, P= 0.015). In the study of gestational diabetes, the chance of neonatal mortality among the mothers who had at risk was 1.63 times higher than mothers without gestational diabetes (OR = 1.63, 95% CI: 0.84-3.16, P= 0.014). Furthermore, the chance of neonatal mortality among the mothers who had heart disease was 1.10 times higher than mothers without heart disease (OR = 2.10, 95% CI: 0.88-4.99, P= 0.014). Conclusion: This study showed that undiagnosed underlying diseases were related to neonatal mortality, which highlights the importance of caring for and counseling about the underlying diseases, screening, and controlling blood sugar levels before and during pregnancy to prevent infant mortality by all means possible. © 2020 Wolters Kluwer Medknow Publications. All rights reserved.
From pre-diabetes to diabetes: Diagnosis, treatments and translational research; Diabetes, a silent killer, is one of the most widely prevalent conditions of the present time. According to the 2017 International Diabetes Federation (IDF) statistics, the global prevalence of diabetes among the age group of 20–79 years is 8.8%. In addition, 1 in every 2 persons is unaware of the condition. This unawareness and ignorance lead to further complications. Pre-diabetes is the preceding condition of diabetes, and in most of the cases, this ultimately leads to the development of diabetes. Diabetes can be classified into three types, namely type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and gestational diabetes. The diagnosis of both pre-diabetes and diabetes is based on glucose criteria; the common modalities used are fasting plasma glucose (FPG) test and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). A glucometer is commonly used by diabetic patients to measure blood glucose levels with fast and rather accurate measurements. A few of the more advanced and minimally invasive modalities include the glucose-sensing patch, SwEatch, eyeglass biosensor, breath analysis, etc. Despite a considerable amount of data being collected and analyzed regarding diabetes, the actual molecular mechanism of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is still unknown. Both genetic and epigenetic factors are associated with T2DM. The complications of diabetes can predominantly be classified into two categories: microvascular and macrovascular. Retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy are grouped under microvascular complications, whereas stroke, cardiovascular disease, and peripheral artery disease (PAD) belong to macrovascular complications. Unfortunately, until now, no complete cure for diabetes has been found. However, the treatment of pre-diabetes has shown significant success in preventing the further progression of diabetes. To prevent pre-diabetes from developing into T2DM, lifestyle intervention has been found to be very promising. Various aspects of diabetes, including the aforementioned topics, have been reviewed in this paper. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Congenital heart disease and autism: A case-control study; OBJECTIVES: There has long been an association between congenital heart disease (CHD) and general neurodevelopmental delays. However, the association between CHD and autism spectrum disorders (AuSDs) is less well understood. Using administrative data, we sought to determine the association between CHD and AuSD and identify specific CHD lesions with higher odds of developing AuSD. METHODS: We performed a 1:3 case-control study of children enrolled in the US Military Health System from 2001 to 2013. Children with International Classification of Disease, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification codes for AuSD were identified as cases and matched with controls on the basis of date of birth, sex, and enrollment time frame. Each child's records were reviewed for CHD lesions and associated procedures. Conditional logistic regression determined odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for comparative associations. RESULTS: There were 8760 cases with AuSD and 26 280 controls included in the study. After adjustment for genetic syndrome, maternal age, gestational diabetes, short gestation, newborn epilepsy, birth asphyxia, and low birth weight, there were increased odds of AuSD in patients with CHD (OR 1.32; 95% CI 1.10-1.59). Specific lesions with significant OR included atrial septal defects (n = 82; OR 1.72; 95% CI 1.07-2.74) and ventricular septal defects (n = 193; OR 1.65; 95% CI 1.21-2.25). CONCLUSIONS: Children with CHD have increased odds of developing AuSD. Specific lesions associated with increased risk include atrial septal defects and ventricular septal defects. These findings will be useful for counseling parents of children with CHD. © 2019 by the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Perinatal changes in fetal cardiac geometry and function in diabetic pregnancy at term; Objective: To evaluate the effect of diabetes in pregnancy on fetal and neonatal cardiac geometry and function around the time of delivery. Methods: This was a prospective study of 75 pregnant women delivering at term, comprising 54 normal pregnancies and 21 with a diagnosis of pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus. Fetal and neonatal conventional and spectral tissue Doppler and two-dimensional speckle-tracking echocardiography were performed a few days before and within hours after delivery. Fetal and neonatal cardiac geometry, global myocardial deformation and performance, diastolic and systolic function and left ventricular (LV) torsion were compared between normal pregnancies and those with diabetes, and perinatal changes within the diabetes group were assessed. Results: Compared with normal pregnancies, diabetic pregnancies demonstrated significant differences in fetal ventricular geometry, myocardial deformation and cardiac function (right ventricular (RV) sphericity index, 0.56 vs 0.65; LV torsion, 2.1 °/cm vs 5.6 °/cm; LV isovolumetric relaxation time, 101 ms vs 115 ms; and RV isovolumetric contraction time, 107 ms vs 119 ms; P < 0.001 for all). Compared with normal pregnancies, diabetic pregnancies demonstrated significant differences in neonatal cardiac parameters (mean RV sphericity index, 0.43 vs 0.55; mean LV torsion, 1.30 °/cm vs 2.78 °/cm; median LV myocardial performance index (MPI′), 0.39 vs 0.51; median RV-MPI′, 0.34 vs 0.40; P < 0.01 for all). Paired comparison between fetal and neonatal cardiac indices in diabetic pregnancies demonstrated that delivery resulted in a significant improvement in some, but not all, cardiac indices (mean RV sphericity index, 0.65 vs 0.55; mean LV torsion, 5.60 °/cm vs 2.78 °/cm; median RV-MPI′, 0.51 vs 0.40; P < 0.01 for all). Conclusions: Compared with normal term fetuses and neonates, those of diabetic women exhibit cardiac indices indicative of myocardial impairment, reflecting a response to a relatively hyperglycemic intrauterine environment with alteration in fetal loading conditions (LV preload deprivation and increased RV afterload) and adaptation to subsequent acute changes in hemodynamic load at delivery. Elucidating mechanisms that contribute to the alterations in perinatal cardiac function in diabetic pregnancy could help in refining management and developing better therapeutic strategies to reduce the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Copyright © 2018 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. Copyright © 2018 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Infant of diabetic mother: what one needs to know?; The global incidence of diabetes mellitus, including diabetes in pregnant women, is on the rise. Diabetes mellitus in a pregnant woman jeopardizes not only maternal health but can also have significant implications on the child to be born. Therefore, timely diagnosis and strict glycemic control are of utmost importance in achieving a safe outcome for both the mother and fetus. The treating physician should be aware of the complications that can arise due to poor glycemic control during pregnancy. The objective of this article is to discuss the key concerns in a neonate born to diabetic mother, the underlying pathogenesis, and the screening schedule during pregnancy. © 2018, © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Study of asian diabetic subjects based on gender, age, and insulin parameters: Healthcare application with IoT and Big Data; Diabetes especially is a serious problem in today’s world. Stress due to Tension Type Headache (TTH) is a another epidemic which is growing with a very fast pace. Diabetes is a disease of the body which does not cause metabolism of blood sugar (glucose). This increases the blood glucose to the risky level. The present study aims to analyze diabetes with the latest IoT and Big Data analysis techniques and its correlation with stress (TTH) on human health. Authors have tried to include age, gender, and insulin factor and its correlation with diabetes. IoT helps us to connect each other, i.e., it is known as smart connecting thing (a sort of “Universal Global Neural Network” in cloud). It comprises of smart connecting machine with other machine, object, and a lot more. Big Data refers to huge sets of data which are also large enough in terms of variety and velocity. Due to this, it becomes more difficult to handle, organize, store, process, and manipulate such data using traditional techniques of storage and processing. Stress especially TTH is a serious problem in today’s world. Now every person in this world is facing headache and stress-related problems in daily life. We have collected this Big Data and studied the people we have studied their tension level and helped them to cure it. In this chapter, we did our best to analyze the correlation between diabetes and stressors. For the analysis, we have been collected sample of 30 subjects from hospitals of Delhi in random fashion who has been suffering from diabetes from their Health Insurance Providers without disclosing any Personal Information (PI) or Sensitive Personal Information (SPI) by Law. To identify each case sample ids like S1, S2, etc., have been allotted to the subjects. Sample Data has been collected for following parameters: gender, age, diabetes type, insulin dependency, obesity status, coronary artery disease status, and cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy status. We have used the Tableau s/w for this analysis. Overall, interesting observation during our research was that none of our female subject having diabetes is below 25 years, i.e., early age diabetes cases were very less in females comparative to males subjected to the case sampling should not be impacted for age group gender biasing. © 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators: Primary care approach to postpartum management and prevention of future disease; Objective: To define pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators and their association with developing future cardiovascular disease (CVD), and to provide guidance on how primary care providers can help lower future CVD risk through early identification and intervention. Sources of information: Primary research sources, systematic reviews and meta-analyses, and clinical review articles. Main message: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women. As underlying CVD risk factors are often present for years before the onset of CVD, it is important to use innovative ways to identify women who should undergo CVD risk screening at a younger age. Pregnancy and the postpartum period afford that opportunity, given that the development of certain pregnancy complications (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, idiopathic preterm birth, delivery of a baby with intrauterine growth restriction, or placental abruption) can reliably identify women with underlying, often unrecognized, CVD risk factors. Conclusion: Women with 1 or more of these pregnancy complications should be identified at the time of delivery and have formalized postpartum followup, including a thorough history, a physical examination, biochemical screening, counseling around lifestyle modification, and possible therapeutic intervention. The link between pregnancy complications and future CVD affords the earliest opportunity for CVD risk assessment for health preservation and disease prevention. © 2019 College of Family Physicians of Canada. All rights reserved.
Risk of congenital heart defects in offspring exposed to maternal diabetes mellitus: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis; Purpose: A systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to assess the risk of congenital heart defects (CHDs) and its specific phenotypes associated with maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) including pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: PubMed, Embase, Medline, Google Scholar, Cochrane Libraries, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Wanfang Database, Chinese Scientific Journals Fulltext Database and China Biology Medicine disc were searched from the inception dates to 15 December 2018, to identify case–control or cohort studies assessing the association between maternal DM and risk of CHDs. The exposure of interest was maternal DM; the outcomes of interest were CHDs and its specific phenotypes. Either a fixed- or a random-effects model was used to calculate the overall combined risk estimates. Subgroup analyses were performed to explore potential heterogeneity moderators. Results: Total 52 studies, which involved 259,917 patients with CHDs among 16,929,835 participants, were included for analysis. Overall, mothers with DM compared with those without DM had a significantly higher risk of CHDs in offspring [odds ratios (OR) = 2.71, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 2.28–3.23]. When data were restricted to different types of DM, a significantly increased risk of CHDs was observed among mothers with PGDM (OR = 3.18, 95% CI 2.77–3.65) and GDM (OR = 1.98, 95% CI 1.66–2.36). Our study suggested the risk of CHDs was significantly higher among mothers with PGDM than those with GDM. Additionally, this study suggested maternal DM was significantly associated with most phenotypes of CHDs; of these, double outlet of the right ventricle (OR = 10.89; 95% CI 8.77–13.53), atrioventricular septal defect (OR = 5.74; 95% CI 3.20–10.27) and truncus arteriosus (OR = 5.06; 95% CI 2.65–9.65) were identified as the first three of the most common phenotypes of CHDs associated with maternal DM. Conclusions: The maternal DM including PGDM and GDM are significantly associated with risk of CHDs and its most phenotypes. The PGDM seems to be more likely to cause CHDs in offspring than GDM. Further studies are needed to clarify the underlying mechanisms. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Outcomes of vacuum-assisted vaginal deliveries of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To evaluate the outcomes of vacuum-assisted vaginal deliveries (VAD) among neonates of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Study design: Retrospective cohort study of women with singleton gestation ≥37 + 0 weeks of gestation who underwent VAD at a single, tertiary, medical center (2007–2014). Women with GDM and their neonates were compared to women without diabetes and their neonates. Composite neonatal outcome was defined as ≥1 of the following: shoulder dystocia, 5-min Apgar score <7, asphyxia, seizure, subgaleal, subarachnoid or subdural hemorrhage, fracture of the clavicle, humerus or skull, or Erb’s palsy. Results: Overall, 251 (5.2%) women with GDM were compared with 4534 (94.8%) women without GDM. Women with GDM were older, delivered earlier, with higher rates of mild preeclampsia and induction of labor. Their neonates had higher mean birth weight percentile, and higher rates of hypoglycemia, phototherapy, fracture of the humerus (3.2 versus 1.1%, aOR 2.95, 95%CI 1.38–6.30), and subarachnoid hemorrhage (1.2 versus 0.3%, aOR 4.56, 95%CI 1.28–16.26). No difference was found with regards to the composite neonatal outcome (9.2 versus 11.1%, p =.34). Conclusions: GDM is associated with a higher risk for certain birth injuries in VAD at ≥37 + 0 weeks of gestation, yet the overall risk of adverse neonatal outcomes is comparable to women without GDM. © 2018, © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Delivery room desaturations and bradycardia in the early postnatal period of healthy term neonates–a prospective observational study; Objective: It has been suggested that desaturations and bradycardia precede acute life-threatening events (ALTE) and that ALTE is more common in the delivery room than later in life. However, frequency, duration and severity of desaturations in the first hours of life and additional risk factors have not readily been studied. Methods: Term neonates (n = 100) were monitored for the first two hours after birth by pulse oximetry. The impact of maternal and perinatal factors on the frequency and severity of desaturations (<85%) and bradycardia (<80/min) was evaluated. Results: Desaturations were detected in 30%, prolonged desaturations in 25% of infants. Desaturations were observed significantly more often in infants born by planned Cesarean section (pCs) compared to other modes of delivery (pCs 20/49; others 10/51; p =.029). Desaturations were also more frequent in infants diagnosed with neonatal infection (NI) or infants born to a mother with gestational diabetes (GDM), although not significantly. No bradycardia <80/min was detected. Conclusions: In our collective 4% of healthy term neonates had prolonged, clinically relevant desaturations in the first hours after birth. The mode of delivery and maternal risk factors may increase the risk for these events. However, our cohort was too small to detect any ALTE or SIDS and determine potential risk factors for these events. Our data lay ground for a large-scale prospective trial to investigate whether the mode of delivery could be an indication for general pulse oximetry monitoring of newborn in the delivery room. © 2020, © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Retinoic acid attenuates cardiac injury induced by hyperglycemia in pre-and post-delivery mice; The aim of the present study is to explore the effect of retinoic acid (RA) on cardiac injury induced by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). GDM mice were given 3 mg/kg RA once daily until the 19th day of pregnancy or the 7th day of post-partum. Compared to normal control and normal pregnant control mice, GDM mice before and after delivery showed significantly cardiac injury. RA treatment attenuated cardiac injury as evidenced by decreased heart mass and left ventricular mass, mRNA expressions of ANP and BNP, and cardiac fibrosis compared with that in GDM mice. The protective effect of RA on GDM cardiomyopathy was related to the decreased MDA content and ROS generation, the increased GSH-Px and SOD content as well as the reduced TNF-α and IL-1β content and inhibition of NF-κB signaling. In addition, RA treatment delayed the continuous rise of blood glucose before delivery and decreased the higher level of glucose after delivery. In conclusion, RA treatment could increase the activity of the antioxidant enzyme and suppress the oxidative stress, inflammation response, and activation of NF-κB signaling, thereby improving blood glucose level and cardiac injury of GDM mice before and after delivery. © 2020, Canadian Science Publishing. All rights reserved.
Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Pregnancy and Implications for Long-Term Health: Identifying the Research Priorities for Low-Resource Settings; Cardiometabolic disorders (CMDs), including ischemic heart disease, stroke and type 2 diabetes are the leading causes of mortality and morbidity in women worldwide. The burden of CMDs falls disproportionately on low and middle-income countries (LMICs), placing substantial demands on already pressured health systems. Cardiometabolic disorders may present up to a decade earlier in some LMIC settings, and are associated with high-case fatality rates. Early identification and ongoing postpartum follow-up of women with pregnancy complications such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may offer opportunities for prevention, or help delay onset of CMDs. This mini-review paper presents an overview of the key challenges faced in the early identification, referral and management of pregnant women at increased risk of CMDs, in low-resource settings worldwide. Evidence-based strategies, including novel diagnostics, technology and innovations for early detection, screening and management for pregnant women at high-risk of CMDs are presented. The review highlights the key research priorities for addressing cardiometabolic risk in pregnancy in low-resource settings. © Copyright © 2020 Nagraj, Kennedy, Norton, Jha, Praveen, Hinton and Hirst.
Long-term consequences and prevention strategies for women with a history of gestational diabetes; Background: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a significantly increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases, postpartum depression, and other conditions. Scope of review: This review summarizes studies in which the long-term effects of GDM were investigated and the level of risk determined. The current state of research regarding optimal prevention strategies for these high-risk patients was analyzed. Conclusion: The long-term effects of GDM are not only limited to glucose metabolism disorders, but also pose a high risk of cardiovascular disease, cognitive and psychiatric impairments and malignancies. Suitable diabetes prevention strategies are lifestyle intervention programs, but pharmacological prevention has been proven successful in methodically well-conducted studies. © 2019, Springer Medizin Verlag GmbH, ein Teil von Springer Nature.
THE CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE AS A COMPLICATION OF GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is regarded as one of the most common complications of pregnancy. GDM has been related to dyslipidemia, T2DM, subsequent hypertension, atherosclerosis, and vascular dysfunction and other markers of cardiovascular risk. Therefore, both women with GDM and children are at high risk for various metabolic abnormalities such as cardiovascular disease (CVD). Although major CVD events, such as stroke or myocardial infarction, are positively related to GDM in many studies, the risk of CVD in women with GDM is not understood in depth. Despite there are reports showing lifestyle changes and some pharmacological interventions might reduce the risk, the management strategies during long-term follow-up remain unclear. This chapter is about the relationship between the history of GDM and CVD, and to discuss the prevention strategies. © 2020 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Maternal Exposure to Housing Renovation During Pregnancy and Risk of Offspring with Congenital Malformation: The Japan Environment and Children’s Study; There have been no large, nationwide, birth cohort studies in Japan examining the effects of house renovation during pregnancy on congenital abnormality. This study examined the impact of (1) prenatal exposure to house renovation and (2) maternal occupational exposure to organic solvents and/or formaldehyde on the incidence of congenital abnormality. The fixed data of 67,503 singleton births from a large national birth cohort study that commenced in 2011 were used to evaluate the presence of congenital abnormalities and potential confounding factors. We employed multiple logistic regression analysis to search for correlations between maternal exposure to house renovation or organic solvents and/or formaldehyde during pregnancy and such congenital abnormalities as congenital heart disease, cleft lip and/or palate, male genital abnormality, limb defect, and gastrointestinal obstruction. After controlling for potential confounding factors, we observed that house renovation was significantly associated with male genital abnormality (OR 1.81, 95% CI 1.03-3.17, P = 0.04) when stratified by congenital abnormality, with no other remarkable relations to house renovation or occupational use of organic solvents and/or formaldehyde during pregnancy. There were also significant correlations for maternal BMI before pregnancy, history of ovulation induction through medication, maternal diabetes mellitus/gestational diabetes mellitus, and hypertensive disorder of pregnancy with an increased risk of congenital abnormality. In conclusion, this large nationwide survey provides important information on a possible association of house renovation during pregnancy with congenital male genital abnormality which needs confirmation in future studies. © 2019, The Author(s).
Maternal diabetes during pregnancy and early onset of cardiovascular disease in offspring: Population based cohort study with 40 years of follow-up; Objective To evaluate the associations between maternal diabetes diagnosed before or during pregnancy and early onset cardiovascular disease (CVD) in offspring during their first four decades of life. Design Population based cohort study. Setting Danish national health registries. Participants All 2 432 000 liveborn children without congenital heart disease in Denmark during 1977-2016. Follow-up began at birth and continued until first time diagnosis of CVD, death, emigration, or 31 December 2016, whichever came first. Exposures for observational studies Pregestational diabetes, including type 1 diabetes (n=22 055) and type 2 diabetes (n=6537), and gestational diabetes (n=26 272). Main outcome measures The primary outcome was early onset CVD (excluding congenital heart diseases) defined by hospital diagnosis. Associations between maternal diabetes and risks of early onset CVD in offspring were studied. Cox regression was used to assess whether a maternal history of CVD or maternal diabetic complications affected these associations. Adjustments were made for calendar year, sex, singleton status, maternal factors (parity, age, smoking, education, cohabitation, residence at childbirth, history of CVD before childbirth), and paternal history of CVD before childbirth. The cumulative incidence was averaged across all individuals, and factors were adjusted while treating deaths from causes other than CVD as competing events. Results During up to 40 years of follow-up, 1153 offspring of mothers with diabetes and 91 311 offspring of mothers who did not have diabetes were diagnosed with CVD. Offspring of mothers with diabetes had a 29% increased overall rate of early onset CVD (hazard ratio 1.29 (95% confidence interval 1.21 to 1.37); cumulative incidence among offspring unexposed to maternal diabetes at 40 years of age 13.07% (12.92% to 13.21%), difference in cumulative incidence between exposed and unexposed offspring 4.72% (2.37% to 7.06%)). The sibship design yielded results similar to those of the unpaired design based on the whole cohort. Both pregestational diabetes (1.34 (1.25 to 1.43)) and gestational diabetes (1.19 (1.07 to 1.32)) were associated with increased rates of CVD in offspring. We also observed varied increased rates of specific early onset CVDs, particularly heart failure (1.45 (0.89 to 2.35)), hypertensive disease (1.78 (1.50 to 2.11)), deep vein thrombosis (1.82 (1.38 to 2.41)), and pulmonary embolism (1.91 (1.31 to 2.80)). Increased rates of CVD were seen in different age groups from childhood to early adulthood until age 40 years. The increased rates were more pronounced among offspring of mothers with diabetic complications (1.60 (1.25 to 2.05)). A higher incidence of early onset CVD in offspring of mothers with diabetes and comorbid CVD (1.73 (1.36 to 2.20)) was associated with the added influence of comorbid CVD but not due to the interaction between diabetes and CVD on the multiplicative scale (P value for interaction 0.94). Conclusions Children of mothers with diabetes, especially those mothers with a history of CVD or diabetic complications, have increased rates of early onset CVD from childhood to early adulthood. If maternal diabetes does have a causal association with increased CVD rate in offspring, the prevention, screening, and treatment of diabetes in women of childbearing age could help to reduce the risk of CVD in the next generation. © Published by the BMJ Publishing Group Limited. For permission to use (where not already granted under a licence) please go to.
A mouse model of gestation-specific transient hyperglycemia for translational studies; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is estimated at 14% globally, and in some countries, such as Singapore, exceeds 20%. Both women and children exposed to GDM have an increased risk of later metabolic diseases, cardiovascular disease and other health issues. Beyond lifestyle changes and pharmaceutical intervention using existing type 2 diabetes medications for expecting women, there are limited treatment options for women with GDM; targeting better outcomes of potentially affected infants is unexplored. Numerous animal models have been generated for understanding of pathological processes of GDM development and for development of treatment strategies. These models, however, suffer from limited windows of opportunity to examine risk factors and potential intervention options. By combining short-term high-fat diet (HFD) feeding and low-dose streptozotocin (STZ) treatments before pregnancy, we have established a mouse model with marked transient gestation-specific hyperglycemia, which allows testing of nutritional and pharmacological interventions before, during and beyond pregnancy. © 2020 Society for Endocrinology Published by Bioscientifica Ltd. Printed in Great Britain
An Automatic Diabetes Risk Assessment System Using IoT Cloud Platform; Diabetes mellitus is a disease that impairs the body’s ability to process blood sugar due to insufficient production of the hormone called insulin or the body’s resistant towards insulin or both. There are three types of diabetes, namely, type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes. Among these types, type 2 is common and it is associated with lifestyle risk factors such as inadequate physical activity, poor diet and increased body mass index and hereditary factors. If it is not managed carefully, diabetes can lead to a accumulation of blood sugars which can increase the risk of obtaining stroke, heart and kidney diseases. Therefore a personalized advisory system which monitors the health condition of the user through sensors acquire his/her diet and day-to-day activity information through interactive platforms, store them in a common cloud platform, process them through machine learning techniques, and provide valid health related personalized advices to manage their health condition is the need of the hour (American Diabetes Association, Diabetes Care 29:s4–s42, 2006). The proposed system uses an IoT Cloud platform named ThingSpeak, where the sensor data can be sent to the cloud for storing, analyzing, and visualizing the data with MATLAB or other software and our own applications can be developed and operated by MathWorks. A web application has been developed and made available to the users to manage diabetes or prevent them from diabetes and its dangerous complications. © 2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Postpartum Readmissions among Women with Diabetes; OBJECTIVE:To estimate whether women with diabetes are at risk for 60-day postpartum readmissions and associated complications.METHODS:The Nationwide Readmissions Database from 2010 to 2014 was analyzed to determine risk for 60-day postpartum readmissions among women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM), type 2 DM, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and unspecified DM compared with women with no diabetes. Secondary outcomes included evaluating risk for overall severe maternal morbidity during readmissions, as well as wound complications, acute diabetic complications such as diabetic ketoacidosis, venous thromboembolism, and hypertensive diseases of pregnancy. Billing data were used to ascertain both exposures and outcomes. Adjusted log-linear regression models including demographic, hospital, medical and obstetric, and hospital factors were performed with adjusted risk ratios (aRRs) and with 95% Cis as measures of association.RESULTS:Of an estimated 15.7 million delivery hospitalizations, 1.1 million occurred among women with diabetes, of whom 3.2% had type 1 DM, 9.1% type 2 DM, 86.6% GDM, and 1.1% unspecified diabetes. Compared with women without diabetes (1.5% risk for readmission), risk for readmission was significantly higher for women with type 1 DM (4.4%), unspecified diabetes (4.0%), type 2 DM (3.9%), and GDM (2.0%) (P<.01). After adjusting for hospital, demographic, medical, and obstetric risk factors, type 1 DM (aRR 1.77, 95% CI 1.69-1.87), type 2 DM (aRR 1.46, 95% CI 1.42-1.51), unspecified (aRR 1.73, 95% CI 1.59-1.89) and gestational diabetes (aRR 1.16, 95% CI 1.14-1.17) retained increased risk. Among women with diabetes public insurance, lower ZIP code income quartiles, and hospitals with high safety net burdens were associated with higher risk for readmission. In both unadjusted and adjusted analyses, all diabetes diagnoses were associated with readmissions for wound complications, hypertensive diseases of pregnancy, and severe maternal morbidity.CONCLUSION:Although overall risk for readmission is low, pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes in particular are at increased risk. Women in this high-risk group should receive coordinated care and be monitored closely in the postpartum period. © 2019 by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
The role of dyslipidemia in pregnant women with diabetes mellitus in the genesis of comorbid conditions in children; Hyperlipidemia is a known cause of atherosclerosis and directly contributes to the current epidemic in cardio-vascular disease. Pregnancy is typified by an increase in serum levels of total cholesterol and triglycerides pushed by the rise in estrogen, progesterone and lactogen. Mobilization of stored fat depots in late pregnancy may provide a reservoir of fatty acids for fetal growth and placental tissue steroid synthesis. This physiologic increase in lipids performs an essential role during pregnancy. However, elevated levels of lipids in predisposed women can carry increased risk for maternal-fetal complications. Hyperlipidemia during pregnancy is associated with preeclampsia, preterm birth and gestational diabetes. Lipid profile abnormalities in maternal patients with GDM increase the risk of vascular injury, which may lead to endothelial dysfunction. Offspring of these mothers show a propensity to enhanced fatty streak formation and an increased risk of progressive atherosclerosis, neurological, cognitive and emotional disorders. © 2020, Journal of Iranian Medical Council.
Engaging the ASEAN diaspora: Type 2 diabetes prevalence, pathophysiology, and unique risk factors among filipino migrants in the United States; Type 2 diabetes prevalence is rising rapidly in Southeast Asia (SEA) where urbanization and adoption of ‘western’ behavioral lifestyles are attributed as predominant risk factors. The Southeast Asian diaspora to the United States has resulted in a sizable portion of migrant and US born SEAs, with approximately 4 million Filipino Americans, 2 million Vietnamese-Americans, Cambodians (330,000), and Thai (300,000) as the most populous. Their longer exposure to a western lifestyle and participation in clinical studies with other racial/ethnic groups, provide opportunities to evaluate etiologic factors which might inform trends and intervention opportunities among residents of Southeast Asia. Epidemiologic studies in the US have identified higher T2D prevalence among Filipinos (16.1%) compared to groups perceived to be at highest risk for T2D, namely Latinos (14.0%), Black (13.7%), and Native Americans (13.4%), while SEAs (including Burmese, Cambodian, Indonesian, Laotian, Malaysian, and Thai, 10.5%) and Vietnamese (9.9%) had higher T2D risk compared to Whites (7.7%), despite their absence of general obesity. Asian-Americans, including SEAs, East and South Asians, collectively have higher rates of undiagnosed T2D compared to other racial/ethnic groups in the US. Almost half (44%) of Filipinos with newly diagnosed T2D have isolated post-challenge hyperglycemia and will remain undiagnosed if current screening practices remain limited to measures of glycosylated hemoglobin and fasting plasma glucose. The University of California San Diego Filipino Health Study found excess visceral adipose tissue accumulation, low ratio of muscle to total abdominal mass area, low adiponectin concentration, multiparity (≥ 6 live births), and sleep insufficiency (<7 hours) to be unique T2D risk factors among Filipino-American women, even after adjusting for established T2D risk factors including hypertension and parental history of T2D. Social determinants such as low educational attainment (less than college completion), and sustained social disadvantage during childhood and adulthood were independently associated with T2D risk. Gestational diabetes is a known risk factor for future T2DM among women; Northern California data shows that following Asian Indians, gestational diabetes was highest among Filipina and SEA parturients, who had twice the GDM prevalence as Black, Hispanic, and White women. Identification of novel T2D risk factors among SEAs may guide early diagnosis, inform pathophysiology, and identify unique opportunities for T2D prevention and management. © 2019 by the JAFES.
The inheritance of cardiovascular disease risk; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is foremost among the non-communicable diseases (NCDs) which account for 71% of deaths globally each year. CVD is also prominent among the pre-existing conditions still accounting for nearly 25% of maternal deaths and is linked to gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. Markers of CVD risk have been reported even in young children, related to prenatal factors such as mother's diet or body composition. The underlying mechanisms include epigenetic changes which can alter the trajectory of risk across the life course. Preventive interventions need to commence before conception, to reduce transmission of CVD risk by promoting healthy behaviours in prospective parents, as well as in pregnancy, and postpartum through breastfeeding and healthy complementary feeding. Surprisingly, these opportunities are not emphasised in the 2018 United Nations Political Declaration on NCDs. NCDs such as CVD have communicable risk components transmitted across generations by socio-economic as well as biological factors, although the former can also become embodied in the offspring by epigenetic mechanisms. The inheritance of CVD risk, and social inequalities in such risk, thus raises wider questions about responsibility for the health of future generations at societal as well as individual levels. ©2019 Foundation Acta Pædiatrica. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
The risk for glucose intolerance after gestational diabetes mellitus since the introduction of the IADPSG criteria: A systematic review and meta-analysis; The aim of the study was to assess the postpartum risk for glucose intolerance since the introduction of the ‘International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups’ (IADPSG) criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Studies published since 2010 were included, which evaluated the risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and cardiovascular (CV) events in women with previous GDM compared to normal glucose tolerant women. We included forty-three studies, evaluating 4,923,571 pregnant women of which 5.8% (284,312) had a history of GDM. Five studies used IADPSG criteria (n = 6174 women, 1314 with GDM). The overall pooled relative risk (RR) for postpartum T2DM was 7.42 (95% CI: 5.99-9.19) and the RR for postpartum T2DM with IADPSG criteria was 6.45 (95% CI: 4.74-8.77) compared to the RR of 9.08 (95% CI: 6.96-11.85; p = 0.17) for postpartum T2DM based on other diagnostic criteria. The RR for postpartum IGT was 2.45 (95% CI: 1.92-3.13), independent of the criteria used. None of the available studies with IADPSG criteria evaluated the risk for CV events. Women with a history of GDM based on the IADPSG criteria have a similarly increased risk for postpartum glucose intolerance compared to GDM based on other diagnostic criteria. More studies with GDM based on the IADPSG criteria are needed to increase the quality of evidence concerning the long-term metabolic risk. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Synthetic Chemicals and Cardiometabolic Health Across the Life Course Among Vulnerable Populations: a Review of the Literature from 2018 to 2019; Purpose of Review: Although vulnerable populations are disproportionately exposed to synthetic chemicals with endocrine disrupting properties, few recent reviews have summarized the impact of synthetic chemicals on cardiometabolic health among these groups. Recent Findings: Of 37 eligible epidemiological studies among vulnerable populations published between January 2018 and April 2019 in which over half were prospective, the most investigated populations were pregnant women and children. Racial/ethnic minorities, individuals of low socioeconomic status (SES), and those occupationally exposed were studied the least. The most studied persistent organic pollutants (POPs) were per-/poly-fluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), and the most studied non-POPs were phenols. Across chemical classes, studies found certain POPs (e.g., PFAS) and non-POPs (i.e., phenols, phthalates, and parabens) to be associated with gestational diabetes and dysregulated glucose metabolism. Results for other cardiometabolic health outcomes were inconsistent but suggested certain chemicals may negatively affect cardiometabolic health. Summary: Synthetic chemicals likely adversely affect cardiometabolic health, but current findings were inconclusive. Few recent studies focused on racial/ethnic minorities, low SES, and occupationally exposed populations. To address poor cardiometabolic health and related disparities, more studies across vulnerable populations are warranted. © 2020, This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the US; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Stem cells: An exciting avenue for diabetes mellitus; Diabetes is a group of chronic metabolic diseases in which blood sugar levels are increased. There are different types of diabetes i.e., type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, and other specific type (monogenic diabetes). The prevalence of diabetes is increasing glob-ally with more socioeconomic consequences; therefore, high blood sugar creates the symptoms of frequent urination, increased thirst, and increased hunger. Untreated, diabetes causes many complications; acute complications include diabetic ketoacidosis, serious complications include heart disease, stroke, kidney failure, foot ulcers, and retinopathy. In diabetic condition the pancreas do not produce enough amount of insulin, or the pancreatic cells do not respond properly to the insulin produced by the body. There are many pharmacological treatments available for the management of hyperglycemia, but recently there are advance treatments available like stem cells therapy, gene therapy, diabetes vaccine etc. Stem cell therapy is one of the emerging treatments for diabetes. Stem cells help in pancreatic regeneration, also increase the functioning of β-cells, angiogenesis, and immunomodulation and hence maintain normal blood sugar level in diabetics. © Nova Science Publishers, Inc.
Congenital diaphragmatic hernia: Postnatal predictors of mortality; Congenital diaphragmatic hernia (CDH) prevalence is low while its associated morbidity and mortality rates are high. Postnatal prognostic factors on the first day of life are useful for predicting the outcome. Objectives. To determine the mortality predictive ability of postnatal echocardiographic, clinical, and biochemical factors among newborn infants with CDH in their first day of life. Method. Observational analytical study of a retrospective cohort. Patients with CDH were consecutively included between March 2012 and November 2018. On the first day of life, analyzed predictors were the oxygenation index (OI), the highest partial pressure of carbon dioxide (pCO2) level in blood, the SNAPPE II severity score, the echocardiography, and the N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) value. Results. The population consisted of 178 patients with CDH. Survival was 75 %. Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation was used in 24 %. The early onset of systemic or suprasystemic pulmonary hypertension showed no predictive ability (OR: 2.2, 95 % CI: 0.8-8), p = 0.1. NT-proBNP did not show good discrimination either (area under the curve [AUC]: 0.46, p= 0.67). The OI, SNAPPE II score, and the highest pCO2 level showed adequate discrimination power, AUC for OI: 0.82, AUC for SNAPPE II: 0.86, and AUC for pCO2: 0.75, p < 0.001. Conclusion. The SNAPPE II score, the OI, and the highest pCO2 level measured on the first day of life, showed a good predictive ability in terms of the course of the disease; the SNAPPE II score was better than the OI and the highest pCO2 level. © 2020 Sociedad Argentina de Pediatria. All rights reserved.
Analysis of big data for prediction of provider-initiated preterm birth and spontaneous premature deliveries and ranking the predictive features; Purpose: High rate of preterm birth (birth before 37 weeks of gestation) in the world, its negative outcomes for pregnant women and newborns necessitate to predict preterm birth and identify its main risk factors. Premature deliveries have been divided into provider-initiated (with medical intervention for early terminating the pregnancy) and spontaneous preterm birth (without any intervention) categories in the previous studies. The main aim of this study is proposing methods for prediction of provider-initiated preterm birth and spontaneous premature deliveries and ranking the predictive features. Methods: Data from national databank of Maternal and neonatal records (IMAN registry) is used in the study. The collected data have information about more than 1,400,000 deliveries with 112 features. Among them, 116,080 preterm births have occurred (from which 11,799 and 104,281 cases belong to provider-initiated preterm birth and spontaneous premature delivery, respectively). The data can be considered as big data due to its large number of data records, large number of the features and unbalanced distribution of the data between three classes of term, provider-initiated and spontaneous preterm birth. Therefore, we need to analyze data based on big data algorithms. In this paper, Map Reduce-based machine learning algorithms named MR-PB-PFS are proposed for this purpose. Map phase use parallel feature selection and classification methods to score the features. Reduce phase aggregates the feature scores obtained in Map phase and assign final scores to the features. Moreover, the classifiers trained in Map phase are aggregated based on two different ensemble rules in Reduce phase. Results: Experimental results show that the best performance of the proposed models for preterm birth prediction is accuracy of 81% and the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) of 68%. Top features for predicting term, provider-initiated preterm and spontaneous premature birth identified in this study are having pregnancy risk factors, having gestational diabetes, having cardiovascular disease, maternal underlying diseases, and mother age. Chronic blood pressure is a high rank feature for preterm birth prediction and father nationality is highly important for discriminating provider-initiated from spontaneous premature delivery. Conclusions: Identifying the pregnant women with high risk of spontaneous premature or therapeutic preterm delivery in our proposed model can help them to: (1) reduce the probability of premature birth with monitoring and management of the main risk factors and/or (2) educate them to care from the premature newborn. Management and monitoring top features discriminating term, provider-initiated preterm and spontaneous premature birth or their associated factors can reduce preterm labor or its negative outcomes. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Is there an association between family history of diabetes mellitus and long-term cardiovascular hospitalizations of offspring?; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was previously found to be an independent risk factor for long-term cardiovascular morbidity of parturients and their offspring. The objective of this study was to investigate the association between family history of diabetes mellitus (DM) in non-diabetic mothers and long-term pediatric cardiovascular hospitalizations of their offspring. Study design: In a hospital-based cohort study, the incidence of cardiovascular disorders was compared between offspring of non-diabetic mothers with and without a family history of DM. Cardiovascular hospitalizations were assessed up until 18 years of age according to a predefined set of ICD-9 codes associated with hospitalization of offspring. Exclusion criteria included multiple gestations, mothers with pre-gestational or gestational diabetes, lack of prenatal care, and children with congenital malformations and chromosomal abnormalities. A Kaplan–Meier survival curve was used to compare cumulative hospitalizations incidence. A cox proportional hazards model was performed to control for confounders. Results: A total of 208,728 deliveries were included in the study. Of them, 17,040 (8.2%) offspring were born to non-diabetic mothers with a family history of DM. Significant differences in the rates of IVF, induction of labor, obesity, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, smoking and birth weight were found between the two study groups. Total cardiovascular hospitalizations were comparable between the study groups (0.6% vs. 0.7%, p = 0.416). The Kaplan–Meier survival curve exhibited no difference in the cumulative incidence of total cardiovascular hospitalizations of the offspring (log-rank test, p = 0.271). A Cox regression model found that a family history of DM in non-diabetic mothers was not independently associated with long-term cardiovascular hospitalizations of the offspring after controlling for the following confounders: maternal age, birth weight, caesarian section and maternal hypertensive disorders (aHR = 1.130, 95% CI 0.930–1.374, p = 0.220). Conclusion: A family history of DM in non-diabetic parturients, does not increase the risk for cardiovascular hospitalizations of their offspring. © 2019 Primary Care Diabetes Europe
NAFLD at the interface of the mother-infant dyad; This review aims to focus the links existing between several aspects of the mother-child dyad in the intricate playground of obesity and Metabolic Syndrome (MetS), including its hepatic component, the Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD). In recent years human and animal model studies have shown that dietary interventions in mothers and offspring can be successful in reducing the risk of NAFLD development. Evidences also concern the new concept of a real intergenerational transmission of predisposition to metabolic disorders. Certain genes, such as SIRT1 and PNPLA3, and some epigenetic modifications, including micro RNAs function, seem to be responsible for fetal reprogramming in the setting of maternal obesity. These modifiers appear to be potential therapeutic targets to reduce the risk of future metabolic dysfunctions. Controlling antepartum hyperglycemia, preventing gestational diabetes, and avoiding excessive weight gain during pregnancy can help reduce the relentless epidemic of childhood obesity and NAFLD. Also, the composition of the intestinal microbiota seems to be related to the development of metabolic disorders in the offspring. Several studies show that breastfed infants have a microbial signature different from formula-fed infants. Much interestingly, prolonged breastfeeding is beneficial not only for the newborn and his health in adult life, but also for the mothers’ health. Maternal benefits include reducing the risk of developing chronic diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, myocardial infarction and NAFLD as well. In conclusion, all above mechanisms appear to intervene synergistically and may act as modifiable risk factors for infant and mother NAFLD. © 2020 Bentham Science Publishers.
Do self-reported pregnancy complications add to risk evaluation in older women with established cardiovascular disease?; Background: In postmenopausal women with established cardiovascular disease (CVD), it is unknown whether a history of pregnancy complications are related to multisite artery disease (MSAD), defined as atherosclerotic lesions in at least two major vascular beds. Pregnancy complications are an established risk factor for CVD. This study aimed to investigate the frequency of pregnancy complications and their association to specific atherosclerotic manifestations and prediction of MSAD in older women with and without CVD. Methods: In total, 556 women were invited to participate in the study. Of these women 307 reported former pregnancy from a cohort of women with (n = 233) and without CVD (n = 74). The self-reported frequency of pregnancy complications were surveyed retrospectively by a questionnaire that included miscarriage, subfertility, gestational hypertension (GHT) and/or preeclampsia (PE), low birth weight, preterm birth, bleeding in late pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and high birth weight. Three vascular beds were examined, the peripheral, carotid and coronary arteries. Results: The mean age was 67.5 (SD 9.5) years. GHT and/or PE tended to be more common, but not significant, in women with CVD than in women without (20.3% vs 10.8%, p = 0.066). Among women with GHT and/or PE, hypertension later in life were more frequent than in women without (66.7% vs 47.4%, p = 0.010). GHT and/or PE were not associated with specific atherosclerotic manifestations or prediction of MSAD. Conclusions: In older women with established CVD, pregnancy complications was not associated to specific atherosclerotic manifestations and may not provide additional value to the risk evaluation for MSAD. © 2019 The Author(s).
Maternal postload 1-hour glucose level during pregnancy and offspring's overweight/obesity status in preschool age; Background Childhood obesity is associated with adverse outcomes such as metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. Identifying risk factors related to excessive adiposity in early childhood is of great importance for obesity intervention. The results of studies for associations between maternal with gestational diabetes and offspring obesity are conflicting. Nonetheless, the association of maternal glucose across a spectrum of glucose values with childhood adiposity outcomes is less clear. Aim To assess the association of maternal glucose across a spectrum of glucose values with childhood adiposity at age 5 years. Methods A population-based cohort study was conducted between 2011 and 2018. Using the healthcare records data were from the Medical Birth Registry in Xiamen, China. The primary outcome was offspring obese/obesity. Primary predictors were maternal oral glucose tolerance test values during pregnancy. Results 6090 mother-child pairs were analyzed. The mean age of the children at follow-up was 5.2 years. At multiple logistic regression, after adjustment for variables, including maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), birth weight of offspring, and insulin therapy, ORs for offspring overweight/obesity were 1.13 (95% CI 0.90 to 1.42) for maternal fasting glucose levels, 1.12 (95% CI 1.04 to 1.22) for 1-hour glucose, and 1.04 (95% CI 0.95 to 1.14) for 2-hour glucose. The adjusted association of offspring BMI Z-score with maternal 1-hour glucose level remained significant. There were no significant associations between BMI Z-score and maternal fasting glucose and 2-hour glucose level. Exploratory sex-specific analyses indicated generally consistent associations for boys and girls. Conclusion Maternal postload 1-hour glucose across a spectrum of glucose values during pregnancy was an independent risk for offspring weight gain at age 5 years, indicating the importance of screen and management of maternal 1-hour glucose level, except for fasting glucose and 2-hour glucose level during pregnancy in order to prevent offspring weight gain in early childhood. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2020. Re-use permitted under CC BY. Published by BMJ.
Gestational diabetes mellitus; Hyperglycaemia that develops during pregnancy and resolves after birth has been recognized for over 50 years, but uniform worldwide consensus is lacking about threshold hyperglycaemic levels that merit a diagnosis of ‘gestational diabetes mellitus’ (GDM) and thus treatment during pregnancy. GDM is currently the most common medical complication of pregnancy, and prevalence of undiagnosed hyperglycaemia and even overt diabetes in young women is increasing. Maternal overweight and obesity, later age at childbearing, previous history of GDM, family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus and ethnicity are major GDM risk factors. Diagnosis is usually performed using an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), although a non-fasting, glucose challenge test (GCT) is used in some parts of the world to screen women for those requiring a full OGTT. Dietary modification and increased physical activity are the primary treatments for GDM, but pharmacotherapy, usually insulin, is used when normoglycaemia is not achieved. Oral hypoglycaemic agents, principally metformin and glibenclamide (glyburide), are also used in some countries. Treatment improves immediate pregnancy outcomes, reducing excess fetal growth and adiposity and pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders. GDM increases the risk of long-term complications, including obesity, impaired glucose metabolism and cardiovascular disease, in both the mother and infant. Optimal management of mother and infant during long-term follow-up remains challenging, with very limited implementation of preventive strategies in most parts of the world. © 2019, Springer Nature Limited.
Diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk assessment in mothers with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus based on postpartal expression profile of micrornas associated with diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases; Mothers with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of developing diabetes in the future and a lifelong cardiovascular risk. Postpartal expression profile of cardiovascular/cerebrovascular disease associated microRNAs was assessed 3–11 years after the delivery in whole peripheral blood of young and middle-aged mothers with a prior exposure to GDM with the aim to identify a high-risk group of mothers at risk of later development of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases who would benefit from implementation of early primary prevention strategies and long-term follow-up. The hypothesis of the assessment of cardiovascular risk in women was based on the knowledge that a series of microRNAs play a role in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases. Abnormal expression profile of multiple microRNAs was found in women with a prior exposure to GDM (miR-1-3p, miR-16-5p, miR-17-5p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-21-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-24-3p, miR-26a-5p, miR-29a-3p, miR-100-5p, miR-103a-3p, miR-125b-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-130b-3p, miR-133a-3p, miR-143-3p, miR-145-5p, miR-146a-5p, miR-181a-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-199a-5p, miR-221-3p, miR-342-3p, miR-499a-5p, and-miR-574-3p). Postpartal combined screening of miR-1-3p, miR-16-5p, miR-17-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-21-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-26a-5p, miR-29a-3p, miR-103a-3p, miR-133a-3p, miR-146a-5p, miR-181a-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-199a-5p, miR-221-3p, and miR-499a-5p showed the highest accuracy for the identification of mothers with a prior exposure to GDM at a higher risk of later development of cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases (AUC 0.900, p < 0.001, sensitivity 77.48%, specificity 93.26%, cut off >0.611270413). It was able to identify 77.48% mothers with an increased cardiovascular risk at 10.0% FPR. Any of changes in epigenome (upregulation of miR-16-5p, miR-17-5p, miR-29a-3p, and miR-195-5p) that were induced by GDM-complicated pregnancy are long-acting and may predispose mothers affected with GDM to later development of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases. In addition, novel epigenetic changes (upregulation of serious of microRNAs) appeared in a proportion of women that were exposed to GDM throughout the postpartal life. Likewise, a previous occurrence of either GH, PE, and/or FGR, as well as a previous occurrence of GDM, is associated with the upregulation of miR-1-3p, miR-17-5p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-29a-3p, miR-100-5p, miR-125b-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-130b-3p, miR-133a-3p, miR-143-3p, miR-145-5p, miR-146a-5p, miR-181a-5p, miR-199a-5p, miR-221-3p, and miR-499a-5p. On the other hand, upregulation of miR-16-5p, miR-21-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-24-3p, miR-26a-5p, miR-103a-3p, miR-195-5p, miR-342-3p, and miR-574-3p represents a unique feature of aberrant expression profile of women with a prior exposure to GDM. Screening of particular microRNAs may stratify a high-risk group of mothers with a history of GDM who might benefit from implementation of early primary prevention strategies. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Effect of diet composition on insulin sensitivity in humans; Diet composition has a marked impact on the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Prospective studies show that dietary patterns with elevated amount of animal products and low quantity of vegetable food items raise the risk of these diseases. In healthy subjects, animal protein intake intensifies insulin resistance whereas plant-based foods enhance insulin sensitivity. Similar effects have been documented in patients with diabetes. Accordingly, pre-pregnancy intake of meat (processed and unprocessed) has been strongly associated with a higher risk of gestational diabetes whereas greater pre-pregnancy vegetable protein consumption is associated with a lower risk of gestational diabetes. Population groups that modify their traditional dietary habit increasing the amount of animal products while reducing plant-based foods experience a remarkable rise in the frequency of type 2 diabetes. The association of animal protein intake with insulin resistance is independent of body mass index. In obese individuals that consume high animal protein diets, insulin sensitivity does not improve following weight loss. Diets aimed to lose weight that encourage restriction of carbohydrates and elevated consumption of animal protein intensify insulin resistance increasing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The effect of dietary components on insulin sensitivity may contribute to explain the striking impact of eating habits on the risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance predisposes to type 2 diabetes in healthy subjects and deteriorates metabolic control in patients with diabetes. In nondiabetic and diabetic individuals, insulin resistance is a major cardiovascular risk factor. © 2019 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
Modern notions of health of newborns from mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus; The aimed of the study was to research of health of newborns from mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods: The study included 210 pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 200 without disorders of carbohydrate metabolism, who gave birth during the period: II quarter of 2017 III quarter of 2018 in the maternity ward of the city clinical hospital No. 29 named after N.E. Bauman in Moscow. This was a prospective case-control study. Results: One of the leading problems of the early neonatal period was morpho-functional immaturity: more than half of the children from mothers with GDM were born with signs of immaturity - 115 (54.8%). In the "on insulin therapy" group, children were 5 times more likely to have cardiomyopathy than those from mothers who were on a diet. With the same frequency in the control group, and for newborns from mothers with GDM, heart defects occurred: 20 (9.5%) and 24 (12.1%), respectively (p> 0.05). The main part of them were small (valvular) heart defects: defects of the interventricular and interatrial septums (18 (8,6%) in GDM group). Conclusion: The level of health in the early neonatal period of newborns from mothers with GDM in modern conditions is determined mainly by morpho-functional impairments. The incidence of newborns from mothers who were on insulin therapy was higher than from mothers who only had a diet. © Advanced Scientific Research. All rights reserved.
Evaluation of cardiac function in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes; Objective: The purpose of this study was to assess fetal cardiac function in normal fetuses (control group) compared to those who are exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus using different echocardiographic measurements, and to explore the application of left atrial shortening fraction in determination of fetal diastolic function with gestational diabetes mellitus.Methods: A total of 50 women with gestational diabetes and 50 women with a healthy pregnancy were included in the study. Fetal echocardiography was performed and structural as well as functional fetal cardiac parameters were measured. Data were compared between with or without fetal myocardial hypertrophy and the control group.Results: In the study group, out of 50 fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers, 18 had myocardial hypertrophy and 32 had normal septal thickness. Gestational age at time of examination did not differ significantly between the control and gestational diabetes group (p = 0.55). Mitral E/A ratio was lower in gestational diabetes group as compared to the control (p < 0.001). Isovolumetric relaxation and contraction times and myocardial performance index were greater in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers (p < 0.001). In fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers with myocardial hypertrophy, left atrial shortening fraction was lower as compared to those without myocardial hypertrophy and those of the control group (p < 0.001).Conclusions: The results of this study suggest that fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers have altered cardiac function even in the absence of septal hypertrophy, and that left atrial shortening fraction can be used as a reliable alternate parameter in the assessment of fetal diastolic function. © Cambridge University Press 2019.
Down-regulation of the insulin signaling pathway by SHC may correlate with congenital heart disease in Chinese populations; Background/Aims: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is one of the most common and severe congenital defects. The incidence of fetal cardiac malformation is increased in the context of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Therefore, we wanted to determine whether abnormalities in the insulin signaling pathway are associated with the occurrence of nonsyn-dromic CHD (ns-CHD). Methods: We used digital gene expression profiling (DGE) of right atrial myocardial tissue samples from eight ns-CHD patients and four controls. The genes potentially associated with CHD were validated by real-time fluorescence quantitative PCR analysis of right atrial myocardial tissues from 37 patients and 10 controls and the H9C2 cell line. Results: The results showed that the insulin signaling pathway, which is mediated by the SHC gene family, was inhibited in the ns-CHD patients. The expression levels of five genes (PTPRF, SHC4, MAP2K2, MKNK2, and ELK1) in the pathway were significantly down-regulated in the patients' atrial tissues (P<0.05 for all). In vitro, the H9C2 cells cultured in high glucose (33 mmol/l) expressed less SHC4, MAP2K2, and Elk-1 than those cultured in low glucose (25 mmol/l). Furthermore, the high glucose concentration down-regulated the 25 genes associated with blood vessel development based on Gene Ontology (GO) term enrichment analyses of RNA-seq data. Conclusion: We considered that changes in the insulin signaling pathway mediated by SHC might be involved in the heart development process. This mechanism might account for the increase in the incidence of fetal cardiac malformations in the context of GDM. © 2020 The Author(s).
Follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with gestational diabetes treated with insulin and/or oral glucose-lowering agents: a core outcome set using a Delphi survey; Aims/hypothesis: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is linked with a higher lifetime risk for the development of impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes, the metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, postpartum depression and tumours. Despite this, there is no consistency in the long-term follow-up of women with a previous diagnosis of GDM. Further, the outcomes selected and reported in the research involving this population are heterogeneous and lack standardisation. This amplifies the risk of reporting bias and diminishes the likelihood of significant comparisons between studies. The aim of this study is to develop a core outcome set (COS) for RCTs and other studies evaluating the long-term follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with previous GDM treated with insulin and/oral glucose-lowering agents. Methods: The study consisted of three work packages: (1) a systematic review of the outcomes reported in previous RCTs of the follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with GDM treated with insulin and/or oral glucose-lowering agents; (2) a three-round online Delphi survey with key stakeholders to prioritise these outcomes; and (3) a consensus meeting where the final COS was decided. Results: Of 3344 abstracts identified and evaluated, 62 papers were retrieved and 25/62 papers were included in this review. A total of 121 outcomes were identified and included in the Delphi survey. Delphi round 1 was emailed to 835 participants and 288 (34.5%) responded. In round 2, 190 of 288 (65.9%) participants responded and in round 3, 165 of 190 (86.8%) participants responded. In total, nine outcomes were selected and agreed for inclusion in the final COS: assessment of glycaemic status; diagnosis of type 2 diabetes since the index pregnancy; number of pregnancies since the index pregnancy; number of pregnancies with a diagnosis of GDM since the index pregnancy; diagnosis of prediabetes since the index pregnancy; BMI; post-pregnancy weight retention; resting blood pressure; and breastfeeding. Conclusions/interpretation: This study identified a COS that will help bring consistency and uniformity to outcome selection and reporting in clinical trials and other studies involving the follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women diagnosed with GDM treated with insulin and/or oral glucose-lowering agents during pregnancy. © 2019, The Author(s).
Maternal obesity and pregnancy complications in salmaniya medical complex; Objectives of the study: To determine the maternal and fetal outcome during pregnancy in pregnant women with high BMI and compare it with pregnant women with normal BMI in the Kingdom of Bahrain. Study design: Case control retrospective study. Study area: Salmaniya Medical Complex \ Labor room and postnatal wards.Manama – Kingdom of Bahrain. Population: The study included 200 women with high BMI at first antenatal visit (BMI ≥ 30), and 203 women with normal BMI (BMI 18.5-29.9) who had delivered at SMC between 16 july 2016 till 15 july 2017 Methods: Data collected from medical records in the labor room, postnatal wards and filling department 2at Salmaniya Medical Complex. Results: This study showed that pregnant women with high BMI had significant rise in recurrent pregnancy loss (16.5% vs. 9.35%, p-value = 0.019), gestational diabetes (19.5% vs. 11.82%, p-value = 0.025), and hypertensive disorders (20.5% vs.3.85%, p-value = 0.000) when compared to pregnant women with normal BMI. Cesarean section delivery was significantly more common in women with high BMI (54.5%) as compared to women with normal BMI (34%) (p-value = 0.000). They are more likely to have instrumental delivery (2.5%) as compared to (0.5%) of the normal BMI group (p-value = 0.004). Women with high BMI had an increased risk of postpartum hemorrhage (4.5% vs. 0.5%, p-value = 0.000), and wound infection (7% vs. 2.5%, p-value = 0.003). Other adverse outcomes were higher in the high BMI group as venous thromboembolism (1.5%) as compared to (0.5%) but the difference didn’t reach significant level. No significant difference was noticed in high BMI women in preterm delivery and low birth weight when compared to women with normal BMI. As for fetal outcome pregnant women with high BMI carried a higher risk for stillbirth and neonatal death (4.5% vs. 0.5%, p-value = 0.000), and as well a higher risk for delivering babies with macrosomia (5.5% vs. 1%, p-value = 0.000), with low Apgar score (4.5% vs. 1%, p-value = 0.000), and with congenital anomalies (4% vs. 0.5%, p-value = 0.000). Conclusion: Obesity in pregnancy is a significant risk factor affecting both mother and fetus, and it associated with many adverse perinatal outcomes. Maternal obesity may be one of the most preventable risk factors for perinatal mortality and morbidity. Recommendations: • Postpartum nutritional counseling, Preconception counseling, careful prenatal management, tight monitoring of weight gain is advised in such cases, and longterm follow-up to minimize the social and economic consequences. • Obesity during pregnancy should be considered as high risk. • Obesity prevention efforts are needed to increase the number of women who are of healthy weight before pregnancy. • Multidisciplinary approach in such case is needed to improve the medical and surgical management which would be a major contribution to a safe pregnanc outcome for both mother and baby. © 2020, Arabian Gulf University. All rights reserved.
Early-Life Predictors of Systolic Blood Pressure Trajectories From Infancy to Adolescence: Findings From Project Viva; Childhood blood pressure (BP) is a strong predictor of later risk of cardiovascular disease. However, few studies have assessed dynamic BP trajectories throughout the early-life period. We investigated the relationship between early-life factors and systolic BP (SBP) from infancy to adolescence using linear spline mixed-effects models among 1,370 children from Project Viva, a Boston, Massachusetts-area cohort recruited in 1999-2002. After adjusting for confounders and child height, we observed higher SBP in children exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (vs. normoglycemia; age 3 years: β = 3.16 mm Hg (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.28, 6.04); age 6 years: β = 1.83 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.06, 3.60)), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (vs. normal maternal BP; age 6 years: β = 1.39 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.10, 2.67); age 9 years: β = 1.84 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.34, 3.34); age 12 years: β = 1.70 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.48, 2.92)), higher neonatal SBP (per 10-mm Hg increase; age 3 years: β = 1.26 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.42, 2.09); age 6 years: β = 1.00 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.49, 1.51); age 9 years: β = 0.75 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.17, 1.33)), and formula milk in the first 6 months of life (vs. breast milk only; age 12 years: β = 2.10 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.46, 3.74); age 15 years: β = 3.52 mm Hg (95% CI: 1.40, 5.64); age 18 years: β = 4.94 mm Hg (95% CI: 1.88, 7.99)). Our findings provide evidence of programming of offspring SBP trajectories by gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and formula milk intake and of neonatal BP being a potentially useful marker of childhood BP. These factors could be relevant in identifying children who are at risk of developing elevated BP. © 2019 The Author(s) 2019.
Mangiferin ameliorates gestational diabetes mellitus-induced placental oxidative stress, inflammation and endoplasmic reticulum stress and improves fetal outcomes in mice; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a temporary form of diabetes during pregnancy, which causes maternal diabetic symptoms and abnormal fetal development, and influence the health of maternal-child in clinical practice. Mangiferin is a bioactive ingredient with anti-inflammation, anti-oxidation and anti-endoplasmic reticulum stress activities. In current study, the effects of mangiferin on GDM were evaluated. We reported that mangiferin greatly improved altered glucose and lipid profile, insulin tolerance, and reproductive outcomes of the GDM mice. Mangiferin ameliorated placental oxidative stress, inflammation and ER stress in GDM mice. Therefore, we demonstrated that mangiferin displayed protective effects on gestational diabetes mellitus symptoms by suppressing placental oxidative stress, inflammation and endoplasmic reticulum stress in GDM mice. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
NUTRITIONAL PROBLEMS IN CHILDREN OF MOTHERS WITH GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS; Children born to a diabetic mother face some nutritional problems staring from the neonatal period to childhood. Hypoglycemia is one of the most frequent complications for a baby in a diabetic mother. Although breastfeeding is essential, formulas are sometimes needed. Obesity, metabolic syndrome, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular diseases are the longterm complications related to nutrition. © 2020 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Changes of serum pentraxin-3 and hypersensitive CRP levels during pregnancy and their relationship with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective To investigate the changes of inflammatory factors pentraxin 3 (PTX3) and hypersensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) during pregnancy and their relationship with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods The nested case-control study method was used. Eighty non-obese single-pregnant women diagnosed with GDM were included into the case group (GDM, n = 80), together with another eighty pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance were matched in the same period and divided into the control group (CON, n = 80), for detecting multiple biochemical indicators in different pregnancy stages by ELISA. Results The serum levels of PTX3 and hs-CRP in pregnant women increased with the increase of gestational age (p < 0.001, p < 0.001). The levels of PTX3 and hs-CRP in group GDM were significantly higher in the middle and late pregnancy stages than group CON (p < 0.01, p < 0.05; p < 0.05, p < 0.05). PTX3 was positively correlated with hs-CRP, body mass index (BMI), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMAIR). Conclusions PTX3 and hs-CRP may be related to the pathogenesis of GDM, and they are significantly increased in the second trimester, which provides a new idea for early prevention and treatment of GDM and risk prediction of long-term cardiovascular diseases. © 2019 Yu et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
The Use of Sex-Specific Factors in the Assessment of Women's Cardiovascular Risk; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women in the United States. As compared with men, women are less likely to be diagnosed appropriately, receive preventive care, or be treated aggressively for CVD. Sex differences between men and women have allowed for the identification of CVD risk factors and risk markers that are unique to women. The 2018 American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology Multi-Society cholesterol guideline and 2019 American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guideline on the primary prevention of CVD introduced the concept of risk-enhancing factors that are specific to women and are associated with an increased risk of incident atherosclerotic CVD in women. These factors, if present, would favor more intensified lifestyle interventions and consideration of initiation or intensification of statin therapy for primary prevention to mitigate the increased risk. In this primer, we highlight sex-specific CVD risk factors in women, stress the importance of eliciting a thorough obstetrical and gynecological history during cardiovascular risk assessment, and provide a framework for how to initiate appropriate preventive measures when sex-specific risk factors are present.  © 2020 American Heart Association, Inc.
Adherence to Treatment of Female Patients with Coronary Heart Disease after a Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; Background: Adherence to treatment is essential to prevent the progression of coronary heart disease (CHD), which is the most common cause of death among women. Coronary heart disease in women has special characteristics: the conventional risk factors are more harmful to women than men, accumulation of risk factors is common, and women have nontraditional risk factors such as gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. In addition, worse outcomes, higher incidence of death, and complications after percutaneous coronary intervention have been reported more often among females than among male patients. Objective: The aim of this study was to test a model of adherence to treatment among female patients with CHD after a percutaneous coronary intervention. Methods: A cross-sectional, descriptive, and explanatory survey was conducted in 2013 with 416 patients with CHD, of which the 102 female patients were included in this substudy. Self-reported instruments were used to assess female patient adherence to treatment. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and a structural equation model. Results: Motivation was the strongest predictor for female patients' perceived adherence to treatment. Informational support, physician support, perceived health, and physical activity were indirectly, but significantly, associated with perceived adherence to treatment via motivation. Furthermore, physical activity was positively associated with perceived health, whereas anxiety and depression were negatively associated with it. Conclusions: Secondary prevention programs and patient education have to take into account individual or unique differences. It is important to pay attention to issues that are known to contribute to motivation rather than to reply on education alone to improve adherence. © 2019 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
A Protocol for Nurse-Practitioner Led Cardiovascular Follow-Up After Pregnancy Complications in a Socioeconomically Disadvantaged Population; Background: Women who experience pregnancy complications have an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease when compared to their healthy counterparts. Despite recommendations, there is no standardized cardiovascular follow-up in the postpartum period for these women, and the Australian follow-up protocols that have been previously described are research-based. This study proposes a new model of care for a nurse practitioner-led postpartum intervention clinic for women who experience severe hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus requiring medication, severe intrauterine growth restriction, idiopathic preterm delivery, or placental abruption, in a socioeconomically disadvantaged population. Methods: All women receiving antenatal care or who deliver at the Lyell McEwin Hospital, a tertiary acute care facility located in the northern Adelaide metropolitan area, following a severe complication of pregnancy are referred to the intervention clinic for review at 6 months postpartum. A comprehensive assessment is conducted from demographics, medical history, diet and exercise habits, psychosocial information, health literacy, pathology results, and physical measurements. Subsequently, patient-specific education and clinical counseling are provided by a specialized nurse practitioner. Clinic appointments are repeated at 18 months and 5 years postpartum. All data is also collated into a registry, which aims to assess the efficacy of the intervention at improving modifiable cardiovascular risk factors and reducing cardiovascular risk. Discussion: There is limited information on the efficacy of postpartum intervention clinics in reducing cardiovascular risk in women who have experienced pregnancy complications. Analyses of the data collected in the registry will provide essential information about how best to reduce cardiovascular risk in women in socioeconomically disadvantaged and disease-burdened populations. © Copyright © 2020 Aldridge, Verburg, Sierp, Andraweera, Dekker, Roberts and Arstall.
The association between low birth weight and mothers diseases in Iran: A case-control study; BACKGROUND: Neonates are too vulnerable that low birth weight (LBW) and preterm birth can easily threaten their lives. Demographic, social and environmental factors as well as health care are contributing factors for LBW. The study was conducted in 10 provinces of Iran to investigate the association between LBW and mother's diseases. METHODS: A case-control study was conducted in 10 provinces of Iran on 2580 mothers (712 cases and 1868 controls) referred to public health care centers. We used a questionnaire to collect data. For univariate analysis we used chi-square test and for multivariable analysis we used logistic regression model. RESULTS: LBW was significantly associated with living in rural area (OR = 1.4 CI: 1.14-1.71), having body mass index (BMI)<18 (OR = 1.48 CI: 1.14-1.92), being a housewife (OR = 1.65 CI: 1.07-2.53), having high blood pressure (OR = 1.91 CI: 1.26-2.88), and having pregnancy without testing for diabetes (OR = 1.91 CI: 1.44-2.54). Minor thalassemia, hypothyroidism, oral health care and headache were not significant predictors for LBW. CONCLUSION: In this study, we observed that place of residence, BMI before pregnancy, mother's occupation and gestational diabetes were significant predictors of LBW. It is necessary to improve women's awareness about prenatal health care before pregnancy to avoid LBW. © 2019-IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.
Cycling reduces blood glucose excursions after an oral glucose tolerance test in pregnant women: A randomized crossover trial; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of an acute bout of cycling immediately after oral glucose intake on glucose metabolism in pregnant women at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Fifteen pregnant women with BMI ≥ 27 kg/m2 were enrolled in a randomized crossover controlled study and underwent two oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) ingesting 75 g of glucose followed by either 20 min of stationary cycling at moderate intensity (65%–75% maximal heart rate) or rest. Using continuous glucose monitors, glucose was measured up to 48 h after the OGTT. Glucose, insulin, and C-peptide were determined at baseline and after 1 and 2 h. One hour after glucose intake, mean blood glucose was significantly lower after cycling compared with rest (p = 0.002). Similarly, mean glucose peak level was significantly lower after cycling compared with after rest (p=0.039). Lower levels of insulin and C-peptide were observed after1h(p < 0.01). Differences in glucose measurements after 2 h and up to 48 h were not statistically different. We found that 20 min of cycling at moderate intensity after glucose intake reduced blood glucose excursions in pregnant women at risk for GDM. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03644238. Novelty Bullets • In pregnant women, we found that cycling after glucose intake resulted in significantly lower glucose levels compared with rest. • The exercise intervention studied is feasible for pregnant women and could be readily used to reduce glucose excursions. © 2020, Canadian Science Publishing. All rights reserved.
Are Preeclampsia and Adverse Obstetrical Outcomes Predictors of Cardiovascular Disease? A Case-Control Study of Women With Heart Disease; Objective: This study sought to determine whether preeclampsia; gestational diabetes; and adverse obstetrical outcomes such as placental abruption, intrauterine growth restriction, and preterm delivery are independent risk factors for cardiovascular disease later in life. Methods: This was a retrospective, age-matched, case-control study that surveyed 244 cases (women with confirmed coronary artery disease) and 246 controls (women who did not have coronary artery disease) on their obstetrical history and outcomes, as well as traditional cardiovascular risk factors. Analyses were performed using SAS software version 9.1.3. (Canadian Task Force Classification II-2). Results: Women with coronary artery disease had significantly higher rates of maternal complications such as gestational hypertension (odds ratio [OR] 3.34; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.03–10.9), as well as conventional vascular risk factors such as dyslipidemia (OR 5.38; 95% CI 2.70–10.7), hypertension (OR 2.40; 95% CI 1.23–4.70), diabetes (OR 2.32; 95% CI 1.07–5.01), and smoking (current smoker: OR; 4.82 95% CI 1.66–14.00; former smoker: OR 2.86; 95% CI 1.43–5.71). There were more cases with preeclampsia (9.8%, vs. 5.4% in controls); however, the difference was not statistically significant. Conclusion: Among the adverse maternal conditions, there was more gestational hypertension in women with coronary artery disease. In this study, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were the most important maternal risk factors for cardiovascular disease later in life and should be flagged early for close monitoring and/or intervention. © 2019 The Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada/La Société des obstétriciens et gynécologues du Canada.
Predictive and diagnostic biomarkers for gestational diabetes and its associated metabolic and cardiovascular diseases; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as the presence of high blood glucose levels with the onset, or detected for the first time during pregnancy, as a result of increased insulin resistance. GDM may be induced by dysregulation of pancreatic β-cell function and/or by alteration of secreted gestational hormones and peptides related with glucose homeostasis. It may affect one out of five pregnancies, leading to perinatal morbidity and adverse neonatal outcomes, and high risk of chronic metabolic and cardiovascular injuries in both mother and offspring. Currently, GDM diagnosis is based on evaluation of glucose homeostasis at late stages of pregnancy, but increased age and body-weight, and familiar or previous occurrence of GDM, may conditionate this criteria. In addition, an earlier and more specific detection of GDM with associated metabolic and cardiovascular risk could improve GDM development and outcomes. In this sense, 1st-2nd trimester-released biomarkers found in maternal plasma including adipose tissue-derived factors such as adiponectin, visfatin, omentin-1, fatty acid-binding protein-4 and retinol binding-protein-4 have shown correlations with GDM development. Moreover, placenta-related factors such as sex hormone-binding globulin, afamin, fetuin-A, fibroblast growth factors-21/23, ficolin-3 and follistatin, or specific micro-RNAs may participate in GDM progression and be useful for its recognition. Finally, urine-excreted metabolites such as those related with serotonin system, non-polar amino-acids and ketone bodies, may complete a predictive or early-diagnostic panel of biomarkers for GDM.
Thiol-disulfide homeostasis: An integrated approach with biochemical and clinical aspects; Dynamic thiol-disulfide homeostasis (TDH) is a new area has begun to attract more scrutiny. Dynamic TDH is reversal of thiol oxidation in proteins and represents the status of thiols (-SH) and disulfides (-S-S-). Organic compounds containing the sulfhydryl group is called thiol, composed of sulfur and hydrogen atoms. Disulfides are the most important class of dynamic, redox responsive covalent bonds build in between two thiol groups. For many years, thiol levels were analyzed by several methods. During last years, measurements of disulfide levels have been analyzed by a novel automated method, developed by Erel and Neselioglu. In this method, addition to thiol (termed as native thiol) levels, disulfide levels were also measured and sum of native thiol and disulfide levels were termed as total thiol. Therefore, TDH was begun to be understood in organism. In healthy humans, TDH is maintained within a certain range. Dysregulated dynamic TDH has been implicated several disorders with unknown etiology. A growing body of evidence has demonstrated that the thiol-disulfide homeostasis is involved in variety diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, hypertension, nonsmall cell lung cancer, familial Mediterranean fever (FMF), inflammatory bowel diseases, occupational diseases, gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. These results may elucidate some pathogenic mechanism or may be a predictor indicating diagnostic clue, prognostic marker or therapeutic sign. In conclusion, protection of the thiol-disulfide homeostasis is of great importance for the human being. Evidence achieved so far has proposed that thiol-disulfide homeostasis is an important issue needs to elucidate wholly. © TÜBİTAK.
Risk factors for transposition of the great arteries in Saudi population; Objectives: To assess potential risk factors and their effect on the development of transposition of the great arteries (TGA). Methods: A retrospective case-control study of all patients diagnosed with TGA between 1999 to 2016 at King Abdulaziz Medical City, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Age and gender-matched controls were selected. Risk factors, including consanguinity, gestational diabetes, family history of congenital heart disease, parental age, and maternal parity, were collected. Regression modeling was used to analyze the effects of risk factors on the development of TGA. Results: A total of 206 patients with transposition of the great arteries were enrolled in the study. Transposition of the great arteries cases were divided into simple and complex TGA. Selected healthy controls were 446. In the studied cases, consanguinity was found in 95 (46%) of cases, gestational diabetes was diagnosed in 36 (17.5%) mothers, and 35 (17%) had a confirmed family history of congenital heart disease. When risk factors of the cases were compared to the controls, consanguinity, gestational diabetes, maternal age, and parity were found to significantly increase the incidence of TGA. Conclusion: Our study revealed significant risk factors for the development of transposition of great arteries including first degree consanguineous marriages, gestational diabetes, family history of congenital cardiac anomalies, and increasing maternal age and parity. These factors increased the risk by at least 2 folds. © 2020 Saudi Arabian Armed Forces Hospital. All rights reserved.
Birth defects in Brazil: Outcomes of a population-based study; Birth defects (BDs) are functional and structural alterations in embryonic or fetal development. With an incidence of approximately 3-5%, BDs are a leading cause of infant mortality and lifelong disability. A population-based prospective case-control study was conducted for one year with 5204 infants, between March 1st, 2011 and February 29th, 2012 in the city of São José do Rio Preto, State of São Paulo, Brazil. The incidence of BDs was 3.2% [95% confidence interval (95%CI): 2.8-3.8%]. The most common congenital anomalies were heart diseases in isolation (11.2%; 95%CI: 7.3-16.9%) followed by Down syndrome (9.5%; 95%CI: 5.9-14.8%), neural tube defects (8.9%; 95%CI: 5.4-14.1), urinary tract anomalies (7.7%; 95%CI: 4.4-12.7%), and polydactyly (7.0%; 95%CI: 4.0-12.0%). The majority of mothers with Down syndrome babies had advanced age. Family members with the same BD, maternal alcohol consumption, gestational diabetes, and previous miscarriages were the most frequent risk factors. The results were similar to published data from other countries except for the incidence of Down syndrome, which was twice as high as reported by other authors and is probably due to the high sociocultural level of the region where the current study was performed, leading to pregnancies at older maternal age. © 2020, Sociedade Brasileira de Genética.
9th International Conference on Health Information Science, HIS 2020; The proceedings contain 17 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Health Information Science. The topics include: Telemedicine System with Elements of Artificial Intelligence for Health Monitoring During COVID-19 Pandemic; genetic Interpretation System for Screening Monogenic Disorders Carriers; a Prediction Model of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Based on First Pregnancy Test Index; antisocial Behaviour Analyses Using Deep Learning; A DNN for Arrhythmia Prediction Based on ECG; an Agent-Based Framework for Persuasive Health Behavior Change Intervention; Design Tailored Nutrition and Weight Control Recommendations Using Nutrigenetics and FFQ; individualized Medication Guidance Based on Pharmacogenomics; an Auto Question Answering System for Tree Hole Rescue; research on the Behavior Pattern of Microblog “Tree Hole” Users with Their Temporal Characteristics; exploring New Opportunities for Mental Healthcare Through the Internet of Things (IoT); ontology-Based Semantic Similarity Approach for Biomedical Dataset Retrieval; research on Named Entity Recognition of Traditional Chinese Medicine Electronic Medical Records; AHIAP: An Agile Medical Named Entity Recognition and Relation Extraction Framework Based on Active Learning; an Integrated Knowledge Graph for Microbe-Disease Associations.
Association between H. pylori infection and health Outcomes: An umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses; Objective Systematic reviews and meta-analyses have revealed the associations between H. pylori infection and various health outcomes. We aimed to evaluate the strength and breadth of evidence on the associations. Design Umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses. Setting No settings. Participants No patients involved. Data sources Embase, PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane Library Databases, CNKI, VIP database and Wangfang database from inception to February 1, 2019. Outcomes measures Diverse diseases (such as cancer and ischaemic heart disease). Results Sixty articles reporting 88 unique outcomes met the eligible criteria. 74 unique outcomes had nominal significance (p<0.05). Of the outcomes with significance, 61 had harmful associations and 13 had beneficial associations. Furthermore, 73% (64) of the outcomes exhibited significant heterogeneity. Of the these meta-analyses, 32 had moderate to high heterogeneity (I 2 =50%-75%) and 24 had high heterogeneity (I 2 >75%). Moreover, 20% exhibited publication bias (p<0.1). In addition, 97% of the methodological qualities were rated critically low'. 36% of the evidence qualities of outcomes were rated low', 56% of the evidence qualities were rated very low' and 8% of the evidence qualities were rated moderate'. H. pylori infection may be associated with an increased risk of five diseases and a decreased risk of irritable bowel syndrome. Conclusion Although 60 meta-analyses explored 88 unique outcomes, moderate quality evidence only existed for six outcomes with statistical significance. H. pylori infection may be associated with a decreased risk of irritable bowel syndrome and an increased risk of hypertriglyceridemia, chronic cholecystitis and cholelithiasis, gestational diabetes mellitus, gastric cancer and systemic sclerosis. Trial registration CRD42019124680. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2020.
Local Preserving Class Separation Framework to Identify Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Mother Using Ultrasound Fetal Cardiac Image; In the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the fetus is exposed to a hyperinsulinemia environment. This environment can cause a wide range of metabolic and fetal cardiac structural alterations. Fetal myocardial hypertrophy predominantly affecting the interventricular septum possesses a morphology of disarray similar to hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, and may be present in some GDM neonates after birth. Myocardial thickness may increase in GDM fetuses independent of glycemic control status and fetal weight. Fetal echocardiography performed on fetuses with GDM helps in assessing cardiac structure and function, and to diagnose myocardial hypertrophy. There are few studies in the literature which have established evidence for morphologic variation associated with cardiac hypertrophy among fetuses of GDM mothers. In this study, fetal ultrasound images of normal, pregestational diabetes mellitus (preGDM) and GDM mothers were used to develop a computer aided diagnostic (CAD) tool. We proposed a new method called local preserving class separation (LPCS) framework to preserve the geometrical configuration of normal and preGDM/GDM subjects. The generated shearlet based texture features under LPCS framework showed promising results compared with deep learning algorithms. The proposed method achieved a maximum accuracy of 98.15% using a support vector machine (SVM) classifier. Hence, this paradigm can be helpful to physicians in detecting fetal myocardial hypertrophy in preGDM/GDM mothers.  © 2013 IEEE.
Unique cardiovascular risk factors in women; Despite an overall reduction in cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality in the USA, the rate of coronary heart disease and CVD mortality is on the rise in younger women aged 35 to 54 years. This has been attributed to an increasing prevalence of CVD risk factors, which can portend disparate outcomes in women versus men. Women with diabetes and those who smoke have an excess relative risk of CVD when compared with their male counterparts. In addition to these discrepancies in traditional risk factors, a number of clinical conditions unique to women have been shown to increase CVD risks such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome, early menopause and autoimmune diseases. The majority of these sex-specific risk factors can be identified at an early age, allowing for aggressive risk factor modification through lifestyle changes and, in certain patients, medications. The recently published 2018 American College of Cardiology and American Heart Association (ACC/AHA) hypercholesterolaemia and 2019 ACC/AHA primary prevention guidelines reflect this, citing pre-eclampsia, early menopause and autoimmune diseases as â € risk enhancers' that if present may favour initiation of statin therapy in borderline or intermediate risk patients. This comprehensive review addresses both traditional and unique risk factors of CVD in women, as well as sex-specific risk stratification and management options. © 2019 Author(s).
High prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors and insulin resistance 6 years after hyperglycemia first detected in pregnancy in Cape Town, South Africa; Objective To investigate the prevalence and associated cardiovascular risk factors 6 years after hyperglycemia first detected in pregnancy (HFDP) in Cape Town, South Africa. Research design and methods Data were collected during the index pregnancy from all women diagnosed with HFDP at a major referral hospital in Cape Town. Participants were evaluated 6 years later using a cross-sectional study. At follow-up participants had a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test, fasting lipogram, blood pressure and anthropometric measurements, and a fieldworker administered the questionnaire. We used the Adult Treatment Panel III criteria for the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome and individual risk factors. Insulin resistance was assessed using the homeostatic model of insulin resistance. Results At follow-up 220 women were reviewed. Their mean age at follow-up was 37.2 (SD 6.0) years. The prevalence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors was 60.9% (95% CI 54.3 to 67.2) for metabolic syndrome, 75% (95% CI 65.9 to 82.3) for insulin resistance, 62.3% (95% CI 55.6 to 68.5) for dysglycemia, 41.4% (95% CI 35.0 to 48.0) for raised blood pressure, and 74.6% (95% CI 683 to 79.9) for dyslipidemia. Women with diabetes in pregnancy compared with those with gestational diabetes during the index pregnancy had a higher prevalence of metabolic syndrome (74.3% vs 54.7%, p=0.010) and dysglycemia (88.6% vs 50.0%, p<0.001) at follow-up. Lower school education attainment, having a subsequent pregnancy, waist circumference at follow-up, and fasting blood glucose at HFDP diagnosis were associated with metabolic syndrome. Conclusion We found a high prevalence of CVD risk factors in South African women within 6 years of HFDP, which highlights the need to develop and evaluate interventions optimizing the cardiometabolic health of this vulnerable group. The main limitations of our research are the lack of a comparative group of women without HFDP and that we did not assess for CVD risk factors before HFDP. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Trimethylamine N-Oxide Metabolites in Early Pregnancy and Risk of Gestational Diabetes: A Nested Case-Control Study; Objectives: This study aimed to investigate the associations between trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO) and related metabolites in early pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Design: A prospective cohort of 22,302 pregnant women from 2010 to 2012 in Tianjin, China, was used to perform a nested case-control study. A total of 243 women with GDM and 243 women without GDM matched by maternal age (±1 year) were used as cases and controls, respectively. Conditional logistic regression and restricted cubic spline were used to examine the full-range risk associations between individual TMAOs metabolites at the first antenatal care visit with GDM. Trimethylamine conversion ratio (TMAR) was defined as trimethylamine (TMA)/its precursors, and trimethylamine N-oxide conversion ratio (TMAOR) was defined as TMAO/TMA. An additive interaction between high TMAR and low TMAOR indicates a state of TMA accumulation, and a mathematical interaction between high TMAR and high TMAOR indicates accumulation of TMAO. Results: TMA was linearly associated with GDM, whereas TMA precursors and TMAO were inversely associated with GDM with clear threshold effects, i.e., 16 nmol/mL for TMAO, 200 nmol/mL for betaine, 112 nmol/mL for l-carnitine, and 110 and 270 nmol/mL for cholinechloride (a U-shaped relationship). Copresence of TMAR >0.35 and TMAOR ≤0.15 was associated with a markedly higher OR (11.16; 95% CI, 5.45 to 22.8), compared with TMAR >0.35 only (OR = 1.71; 95% CI, 0.42 to 6.95) or TMAOR ≤0.15 only (OR = 2.06; 95% CI, 1.09 to 3.90), with a significant additive interaction. However, the mathematical interaction was nonsignificant. Conclusions: TMAO metabolites in the early pregnancy were associated with the risk of GDM, whereas TMA was more likely to play a causal role in GDM. Copyright © 2019 Endocrine Society.
Obesity; Obesity is recognized as a chronic relapsing disease that has genetic, environmental, metabolic, and behavioral components. Body mass index is commonly used to risk stratify an individual's weight. Optimization of maternal weight should occur before pregnancy. Even small changes in a woman's weight prior to pregnancy can improve pregnancy outcomes. Pregnancy is associated with many physiological and endocrine changes. Under normal circumstances, pregnancy is characterized by progressive insulin resistance. In overweight and obese pregnant patients, insulin resistance is further increased, which is deleterious. Excess gestational weight gain has been associated with multiple co‐morbidities, fetal macrosomia, operative deliveries, and neonatal complications. Maternal complications associated with obesity include gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, indicated preterm delivery, cesarean delivery, deep venous thrombosis, severe maternal morbidity, and maternal mortality. Obesity is a risk factor for venous thromboembolism. Mechanical thromboprophylaxis is recommended for all women before and after delivery along with early ambulation. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Risk factors and pregnancy outcome in women aged over 40 years at Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital in Accra, Ghana; Objective: To examine the risk factors and pregnancy outcomes in women aged 40 years and older at the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital, Accra, Ghana. Methods: A descriptive case–control study comparing women aged 40 years and older at the time of delivery with those between 20 and 34 who delivered at the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital between April 1, 2014 and March 31, 2015. Data were collected using interviewer-administered questionnaires and supplemented with information from patients’ medical records. A multivariate logistic regression was used to estimate the odds ratio and the 95% confidence interval of various risk factors and complications associated with delivery in women aged 40 years or older. Statistical significance was set at P<0.05. Results: There were 339 women in the study of which 113 were aged 40 years or older and 226 were aged between 20 and 34 years. Delivery at age 40 years or older was associated with grand multiparity, and unplanned and undesirable pregnancy. There was a higher incidence of gestational diabetes (7.1% vs 2.2%, P=0.036), cesarean delivery (70.1% vs 57.1%, P=0.018), and venous thromboembolism (VTE) (7.1% vs 1.3%, P=0.008) among women older than 40 years. VTE risk was increased sixfold in the women older than 40 years compared with the younger ones. Conclusion: Women delivering after age 40 years had a higher incidence of gestational diabetes, cesarean delivery, and VTE compared with younger women. VTE risk increased sixfold in the older women. © 2019 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics
Maternal-Fetal Contributors to Insulin Resistance Syndrome in Youth; The life course approach to chronic diseases considers fetal life a critical period for the development of later, adult chronic diseases. Numerous studies have linked growth restriction in utero, as marked by low birth weight or thinness at birth, with an increased risk for the metabolic syndrome (MetS), insulin resistance (IR), poor glucose tolerance and/or type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and indicators of early cardiovascular disease (CVD) in adulthood. The effects were strong and greatly enhanced by the presence of adult obesity. These findings were linked to poor fetal nutrition during intrauterine life and constitute the basis for “the thrifty phenotype” hypothesis. At the other end of the birth weight distribution, macrosomic infants of women with diabetes during pregnancy are a group exposed to overnutrition during the intrauterine life. They have also been shown to have an increased risk for obesity and T2DM as adults. © 2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and later risk of cardiovascular disease: Women's experiences and motivation for lifestyle changes explored in focus group interviews; Background: Preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are both associated with increased risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Knowledge of the relationship between these pregnancy complications and increased CVD risk enables early prevention through lifestyle changes. This study aimed to explore women's experiences with PE and/or GDM, and their motivation and need for information and support to achieve lifestyle changes. Methods: Systematic text condensation was used for thematic analysis of meaning and content of data from five focus group interviews with 17 women with PE and/or GDM, with a live birth between January 2015 and October 2017. Results: This study provides new knowledge of how women with GDM and/or PE experience pregnancy complications in a Nordic healthcare model. It reveals the support they want and the important motivating factors for lifestyle change. We identified six themes: Trivialization of the diagnosis during pregnancy; Left to themselves to look after their own health; The need to process the shock before making lifestyle changes (severe PE); A desire for information about future disease risk and partner involvement; Practical solutions in a busy life with a little one, and; Healthcare professionals can reinforce the turning point. The women with GDM wanted healthcare professionals to motivate them to continue the lifestyle changes introduced during pregnancy. Those with severe PE felt a need for individualized care to ensure that they had processed their traumatic labor experiences before making lifestyle changes. Participants wanted their partner to be routinely involved to ensure a joint understanding of the need for lifestyle changes. Motivation for lifestyle changes in pregnancy was linked to early information and seeing concrete results. Conclusions: Women with PE and GDM have different experiences of diagnosis and treatment, which will affect the follow-up interventions to reduce future CVD risk through lifestyle change. For GDM patients, lifestyle changes in pregnancy should be reinforced and continued postpartum. Women with PE should be informed by their general practitioner after birth, and given a plan for lifestyle change. Those with severe PE will need help in processing the trauma, and stress management should be routinely offered. © 2019 The Author(s).
Prevalence and coprevalence of chronic comorbid conditions in patients with type 2 diabetes in Catalonia: a population-based cross-sectional study; Objectives To evaluate the prevalence and coprevalence of several chronic conditions in patients with type 2 diabetes in a Mediterranean region. Design A cross-sectional study. Setting Two hundred and eighty-six primary care teams of the Catalonian Health Institute (Catalonia, Spain). Participants We included patients aged ≥18 years with a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes by 31 December, 2016, who were registered in the Information System for the Development of Research in primary care (SIDIAP) database. We excluded patients with a diagnosis of type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus and any other type of diabetes. Primary and secondary outcome measures We collected data on diabetes-related comorbidities (ie, chronic complications, associated cardiovascular risk factors and treatment complications). Diagnoses were based on the International Classification of Diseases, 10 th Revision codes recorded in the database or, for some entities, on the cut-off points for a particular test result or a specific treatment indicated for that entity. The presence and stage of chronic kidney disease (CKD) were based on the glomerular filtration rate, the CKD Epidemiology Collaboration creatinine equation and the urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio. Results A total of 373 185 patients were analysed. 82% of patients exhibited ≥2 comorbidities and 31% exhibited ≥4 comorbidities. The most frequent comorbidities were hypertension (72%), hyperlipidaemia (60%), obesity (45%), CKD (33%), chronic renal failure (CRF)(28%) and cardiovascular disease (23%). The most frequently coprevalent pairs of chronic conditions were the combination of hypertension with hyperlipidaemia (45%), obesity (35%), CKD (28%), CRF (25%) or cardiovascular disease (19%), as well as the combination of hyperlipidaemia with obesity (28%), CKD (21%), CRF (18%) or cardiovascular disease (15%); other common pairs of comorbidities were obesity/CKD, obesity/CRF, hypertension/retinopathy, hypertension/albuminuria, hypertension/urinary tract infection, CVD/CRF and CVD/CKD, which were each present in more than 10% of patients. Conclusion Patients with type 2 diabetes have a high frequency of coprevalence of metabolic risk factors, cardiovascular disease and CKD and thus require an integrated management approach. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Harmonising research outcomes for polycystic ovary syndrome: An international multi-stakeholder core outcome set; STUDY QUESTION: What are the key core outcomes to be reported in studies on polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)? SUMMARY ANSWER: We identified 3 generic and 30 specific core outcomes in 6 specialist domains: metabolic (8), reproductive (7), pregnancy (10), oncological (1), psychological (1) and long-term outcomes (1). WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Research reporting PCOS is heterogeneous with high variation in outcome selection, definition and quality. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Evidence synthesis and a modified Delphi method with e-surveys were used as well as a consultation meeting. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Overall, 71 health professionals and 123 lay consumers (women with lived experience of PCOS and members of advocacy and peer support groups) from 17 high-, middle- and low-income countries were involved in this analysis. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: The final core outcome set included 3 generic outcomes (BMI, quality of life, treatment satisfaction) that are applicable to all studies on women with PCOS and 30 specific outcomes that were categorised into six specialist domains: 8 metabolic outcomes (waist circumference, type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance, hypertension, coronary heart disease, lipid profile, venous thromboembolic disease); 7 reproductive outcomes [viable pregnancy (confirmed by ultrasound including singleton, twins and higher multiples), clinical and biochemical hyperandrogenism, menstrual regularity, reproductive hormonal profile, chronic anovulation, ovulation stimulation success including the number of stimulated follicles ≥ 12 mm, incidence and severity of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome]; 10 pregnancy outcomes (live birth, miscarriage, stillbirth, neonatal mortality, gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, hypertensive disease in pregnancy, baby birth weight, major congenital abnormalities); 3 psychological outcomes (depression, anxiety, eating disorders); 1 oncological (abnormal endometrial proliferation including atypical endometrial hyperplasia and endometrial cancer); and 1 outcome in the long-term domain (long-term offspring metabolic and developmental outcomes). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: We involved lay consumers in all stages of study through e-surveys but not through focus groups, thereby limiting our understanding of their choices. We did not address the variations in the definitions and measurement tools for some of the core outcomes. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Implementing this core outcome set in future studies on women with PCOS will improve the quality of reporting and aid evidence synthesis. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): Evidence synthesis was funded through the Australian government, National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) Centre for Research Excellence in PCOS, and H.T. is funded through an NHMRC fellowship. B.H.A. is funded through an NIHR lectureship. All authors have no competing interest to declare. © 2020 The Author(s) 2020. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved.
Screening Glucose Challenge Test in Pregnancy Can Identify Women With an Adverse Postpartum Cardiovascular Risk Factor Profile: Implications for Cardiovascular Risk Reduction; Background: The 1-hour glucose challenge test (GCT) is routinely performed in pregnancy to screen for gestational diabetes mellitus. Remarkably, it has recently emerged that the GCT can also predict a woman's future risk of cardiovascular disease, although the mechanistic basis of this relationship is unclear. In this context we hypothesized that a higher GCT may identify women with an otherwise unrecognized adverse cardiovascular phenotype. Thus, we sought to evaluate the relationship between the antepartum GCT and subsequent postpartum cardiovascular risk factor profile. Methods and Results: In this study 503 women completed a screening GCT in late second trimester and then underwent cardiometabolic characterization at 3 months postpartum, whereupon traditional (blood pressure, glucose, lipids) and nontraditional (apolipoprotein B, C-reactive protein, adiponectin) cardiovascular risk factors were compared across GCT tertiles. At 3 months postpartum, each of the following risk factors progressively worsened from the lowest to middle to highest GCT tertile: fasting glucose (P=0.0002), 2-hour glucose (P<0.0001), total cholesterol:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.0004), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.004), triglycerides (P=0.001), apolipoprotein B (P=0.001), and adiponectin (P=0.02). On multiple linear regression analyses, the GCT emerged as a significant independent predictor of higher fasting glucose (P=0.0006), 2-hour glucose (P<0.0001), total cholesterol: high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.0004), triglycerides (P=0.001), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.01), and apolipoprotein B (P=0.004) and of lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.02) and adiponectin (P=0.0099). Moreover, these independent associations persisted after excluding women who had gestational diabetes mellitus. Conclusions: The antepartum GCT can identify women with an adverse underlying cardiovascular risk factor phenotype. © 2019 The Authors. Published on behalf of the American Heart Association, Inc., by Wiley.
A retrospective cohort study of safety outcomes in New Zealand infants exposed to tdap vaccine in utero; We aimed to evaluate the safety of maternal Tdap; thus, we assessed health events by examining the difference in birth and hospital-related outcomes of infants with and without fetal exposure to Tdap. This was a retrospective cohort study using linked administrative datasets. The study population were all live-born infants in New Zealand (NZ) weighing at least 400 g at delivery and born to women who were eligible for the government funded, national-level vaccination program in 2013. Infants were followed from birth up to one year of age. There were a total of 69,389 eligible infants in the cohort. Of these, 8299 infants were born to 8178 mothers exposed to Tdap (12%), primarily between 28 and 38 weeks gestation as per the national schedule. Among the outcomes, we found a reduced risk for moderate to late preterm birth, low birth weight, small for gestational age, large for gestational age, respiratory distress syndrome, transient tachypnea of newborn, tachycardia or bradycardia, haemolytic diseases, other neonatal jaundice, anaemia, syndrome of infant of mother with gestational diabetes, and hypoglycemia in infants born to vaccinated mothers. There was no association between maternal Tdap, infant Apgar score at 5 min after birth, asphyxia, sepsis or infection, or hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy. Infant exposure to Tdap during pregnancy was associated with a higher mean birthweight (not clinically significant) and higher odds for ankyloglossia and neonatal erythema toxicum diagnoses. There were insufficient observations to allow examination of the effect of Tdap on extreme preterm and very preterm birth, and stillbirth, infant death, or microcephaly. Overall, we found no outcomes of concern associated with the administration of Tdap during pregnancy. NZ Health and Disability Ethics Committee Approval #14/N.T.A/169/AM05. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Heterozygous insulin receptor (Insr) mutation associated with neonatal hyperinsulinemic hypoglycaemia and familial diabetes mellitus: Case series; Mutations in the insulin receptor (INSR) gene are associated with insulin resistance and hyperglycaemia. Various autosomal dominant heterozygous INSR mutations leading to hyperinsulinemic hypoglycaemia (HH) have been described in adults and children (more than 3 years of age) but not in the neonatal period. Family 1: A small for gestational age (SGA) child born to a mother with gestational diabetes presented with persistent hypoglycaemia, was diagnosed with HH and responded well to diazoxide treatment. Diazoxide was gradually weaned and discontinued by 8 months of age. Later, the younger sibling had a similar course of illness. On genetic analysis a heterozygous INSR missense variant p.(Met1180Lys) was found in the siblings, mother and grandfather but not in the father. Family 2: A twin preterm and SGA baby presented with persistent hypoglycaemia, which was confirmed as HH. He responded to diazoxide, which was subsequently discontinued by 10 weeks of life. Genetic analysis revealed a novel heterozygous INSR missense variant p.(Arg1119Gln) in the affected twin and the mother. Family 3: An SGA child presented with diazoxide responsive HH. Diazoxide was gradually weaned and discontinued by 9 weeks of age. Genetic analysis revealed a novel heterozygous INSR p.(Arg1191Gln) variant in the proband and her father. We report, for the first time, an association of INSR mutation with neonatal HH responsive to diazoxide therapy that resolved subsequently. Our case series emphasizes the need for genetic analysis and long-term follow up of these patients. © 2020 by Turkish Pediatric Endocrinology and Diabetes Society.
Exosomes could offer new options to combat the long-term complications inflicted by gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a complex clinical condition that promotes pelvic floor myopathy, thus predisposing sufferers to urinary incontinence (UI). GDM usually regresses after birth. Nonetheless, a GDM history is associated with higher risk of subsequently developing type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and UI. Some aspects of the pathophysiology of GDM remain unclear and the associated pathologies (outcomes) are poorly addressed, simultaneously raising public health costs and diminishing women’s quality of life. Exosomes are small extracellular vesicles produced and actively secreted by cells as part of their intercellular communication system. Exosomes are heterogenous in their cargo and depending on the cell sources and environment, they can mediate both pathogenetic and therapeutic functions. With the advancement in knowledge of exosomes, new perspectives have emerged to support the mechanistic understanding, prediction/diagnosis and ultimately, treatment of the post-GMD outcomes. Here, we will review recent advances in knowledge of the role of exosomes in GDM and related areas and discuss the possibilities for translating exosomes as therapeutic agents in the GDM clinical setting. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Clinical profile and outcome of neonates in maternal diabetes: A tertiary care center study; Background and Aim: Maternal diabetes leads to significant adverse perinatal and neonatal outcomes. This study aims to understand the neonatal outcomes in relation to maternal glycemic control during pregnancy. Materials and Methods: This was a retrospective observational study of 68 neonates born to mothers with diabetes, who were under observational care at our hospital. Results: In our hospital, the incidence of neonates being born to mothers with diabetes was 1.95%. About 67.5% of the mothers had gestational diabetes mellitus and up to 60% of them showed poor glycemic control. Multiparty was a major risk factor observed in 72.5% of the cases. Hypoglycemia (20.5%) was the most common metabolic com-plication followed by pathologic hyperbilirubinemia (19.1%) and respiratory distress (19.1%). Congenital defects were seen in 14.7% neonates. The neonatal mortality rate was 4.4%. Conclusions: Strict glycemic control, proper antenatal care, and strict monitoring of neonates are essential to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes. © 2019, Himalaya Drug Company. All rights reserved.
MATERNAL COMPLICATIONS OF GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS; Gestational diabetes is defined as carbohydrate intolerance of any degree with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. It is the most commonly observed endocrine disorder during pregnancy, making it a high-risk pregnancy with maternal, fetal, and neonatal complications. Diabetic women have a markedly higher risk for a number of pregnancy complications, including spontaneous abortion, preterm birth, polyhydramnios and hypertensive disorder. However, once the major issue is addressed - namely, that the diagnosis of GDM is thought to be associated with a high risk of developing diabetes, obesity and cardiovascular disease in later life - efforts should be made to prevent or ameliorate the emergence of these complications. © 2020 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Relevance of the assessment of natriuretic peptide plasma concentrations in hypertensive pregnant women; Assessment of the plasma concentrations of natriuretic peptides (NPs) is widely used to diagnose and evaluate the progression of cardiac failure, and their potential as markers of preeclampsia (PE) has been examined in recent years. It has been established that plasma concentrations of NPs do not change in the course of normal pregnancy. However, elevated levels of these peptides may have a prognostic value in patients with PE. This study presents information about the relevance of NPs assessment in the evaluation of physiological pregnancy, as well as in pregnancy complicated with arterial hypertension. The most commonly examined NPs is the N-terminal fragment of the brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP), and it may be prognostic marker of PE and other complications of pregnancy. © 2020, © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Pregnancy Complications as a Window to Future Cardiovascular Disease; Pregnancy is a time of significant hemodynamic, metabolic, and hormonal stress that can unmask underlying subclinical cardiovascular abnormalities, and pregnancy-related complications may serve as early warning signs for future risk of cardiovascular disease. The increased recognition of these sex-specific risk factors could identify women who may benefit from more intensive risk factor modification to reduce morbidity and mortality later in life. In this review, we describe several pregnancy-related complications that have been associated with the risk of cardiovascular disease, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and pregnancy loss. Pregnancy-associated risk factors must be identified to fully assess a woman’s future cardiovascular risk and may influence strategies for risk reduction. Copyright © 2019 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Long-term Maternal Kidney Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Importance: Adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery, are associated with increased risk of maternal cardiovascular disease. Little is known about whether adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with increased risk of maternal chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). Objective: To review and synthesize the published literature on adverse pregnancy outcomes (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery) and subsequent maternal CKD and ESKD. Data Sources: PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science were searched from inception to July 31, 2019, for cohort and case-control studies of adverse pregnancy outcomes and maternal CKD and ESKD. Study Selection: Selected studies included the following: A population of pregnant women, exposure to an adverse pregnancy outcome of interest, and at least 1 primary outcome (CKD or ESKD) or secondary outcome (hospitalization or death due to kidney disease). Adverse pregnancy outcomes included exposure to hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, or chronic hypertension), preterm delivery (<37 weeks), and gestational diabetes. Three reviewers were involved in study selection. Of 5656 studies retrieved, 23 were eligible for inclusion. Data Extraction and Synthesis: The Meta-analyses of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (MOOSE) guidelines were followed throughout. Three reviewers extracted data and appraised study quality. Random-effects meta-analyses were used to calculate overall pooled estimates using the generic inverse variance method. Main Outcomes and Measures: Primary outcomes included CKD and ESKD diagnosis, defined using established clinical criteria (estimated glomerular filtration rate or albuminuria values) or hospital records. The protocol for this systematic review was registered on PROSPERO (CRD42018110891). Results: Of 23 studies included (5769891 participants), 5 studies reported effect estimates for more than 1 adverse pregnancy outcome. Preeclampsia was associated with significantly increased risk of CKD (pooled adjusted risk ratio [aRR], 2.11; 95% CI, 1.72-2.59), ESKD (aRR, 4.90; 95% CI, 3.56-6.74), and kidney-related hospitalization (aRR, 2.65; 95% CI, 1.03-6.77). Gestational hypertension was associated with increased risk of CKD (aRR, 1.49; 95% CI, 1.11-2.01) and ESKD (aRR, 3.64; 95% CI, 2.34-5.66). Preterm preeclampsia was associated with increased risk of ESKD (aRR, 5.66; 95% CI, 3.06-10.48); this association with ESKD persisted for women who had preterm deliveries without preeclampsia (aRR, 2.09; 95% CI, 1.64-2.66). Gestational diabetes was associated with increased risk of CKD among black women (aRR, 1.78; 95% CI, 1.18-2.70), but not white women (aRR, 0.81; 95% CI, 0.58-1.13). Conclusions and Relevance: In this meta-analysis, exposure to adverse pregnancy outcomes, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery, was associated with higher risk of long-term kidney disease. The risk of ESKD was highest among women who experienced preeclampsia. A systematic approach may be warranted to identify women at increased risk of kidney disease, particularly after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and to optimize their long-term follow-up. ©2020 Barrett PM et al.
Systematic review: Impact of resveratrol exposure during pregnancy on maternal and fetal outcomes in animal models of human pregnancy complications—Are we ready for the clinic?; Resveratrol (RSV) has been reported to have potential beneficial effects in the complicated pregnancy. Various pregnancy complications lead to a suboptimal in utero environment that impacts fetal growth during critical windows of development. Detrimental structural changes to key organ systems in utero persist into adult life and predispose offspring to an increased risk of chronic non-communicable metabolic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes and obesity. The aim of this systematic review was to determine the effect of gestational RSV exposure on both maternal and fetal outcomes. Publicly available databases (n = 8) were searched for original studies reporting maternal and/or fetal outcomes after RSV exposure during pregnancy irrespective of species. Of the 115 studies screened, 31 studies were included in this review. RSV exposure occurred for different durations across a range of species (Rats n = 18, Mice n = 7, Japanese Macaques n = 3 and Sheep n = 3), models of complicated pregnancy (eg. maternal dietary manipulations, gestational diabetes, maternal hypoxia, teratogen exposure, etc.), dosages and administration routes. Maternal and fetal outcomes differed not only based on the model of complicated pregnancy assessed but also as a result of species. Given the heterogenic nature of these studies, further investigation assessing RSV exposure during the complicated pregnancy is warranted. In order to make an informed decision regarding the use of RSV to intervene in pregnancy complications, we suggest a minimum data set for consideration in future studies. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
Sexual dimorphism on aortic remodelling in rats offspring from diabetic mothers and the role of flaxseed oil in this effect; Diabetes during pregnancy is associated with aortic remodelling in the fetus, stimulating the development of cardiovascular diseases in adult life. However, studies suggest that the use of foods high in omega-3 fatty acid, such as flaxseed oil, may reverse this effect of metabolic programming. This study aimed at investigating whether the effects of diabetes in mothers are passed on to their offspring in a gender-specific manner and whether the flaxseed oil used during pregnancy and lactation reverses or not the possible negative effects of this programming. Diabetic female rats (n = 18) were mated and allocated into three groups (n = 6): high-fat group (HG); flaxseed oil group (FOG) and control group (CG) (nondiabetic rats) during pregnancy and lactation. On the 21st day, male and female pups were weaned on a standard diet until 180 days. Aorta histomorphometry was analysed. Intima-media layer thickness was larger in FOG than CG in male (+15%) and than HG in female (+13.7%). Male FOG (+11.5%) showed higher amount of elastic fibre than CG. Maternal intake of flaxseed oil during pregnancy and lactation of diabetic mothers program the offspring to increase aorta intima-media layer thickness in adulthood and preserves aorta elastic fibres deposition in male offspring. © Cambridge University Press and the International Society for Developmental Origins of Health and Disease 2019.
Are TallyHo Mice A True Mouse Model for Type 2 Diabetes and Alzheimer's Disease?; The purpose of our article is to critically assess if TallyHo mice are a true mouse model for type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer's disease. Diabetes is a lifestyle condition that is characterized by elevated blood glucose due to either insufficient amount of insulin or the body's inability to use the produced insulin efficiently. Diabetes occurs in multiple forms, including type 1, type 2, type 3, neonatal, and gestational. Type 2 diabetes covers 95% of overall diabetes, found in individuals 65 years of age and above. Both modifiable and non-modifiable factors are involved in developing diabetes. In patients with diabetes, increased blood glucose levels are reported to induce multiple complications, such as heart disease, stroke, kidney failure, foot ulcers, and damage to the eyes. However, the molecular basis of diabetes is not completely understood. Further, there are no accurate animal model(s) that mimic both type 1 and type 2 diabetes of humans. Multiple polygenic models are being used, including the Goto-Kakizaki rat, the Otzhka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty rat, the Nagoya Shibata Yasuda mouse, the New Zealand obese mouse, the Tsumura-Suzuki obese diabetes mouse, leptin deficient ob/ob and the leptin receptor deficient db/db mouse models. In 2001, Kim and colleagues described the TallyHo mice that represent many features of type 2 diabetes of humans. Since then, several groups studied TallyHo mice. Only the male mice develop hyperglycemia and the females exhibit features of obesity. Thus, this model can be used to study both diabetes and obesity. The purpose of this article is to discuss recent developments in TallyHo mice research including diabetes onset and progression. © 2019-IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.
Intrapartum Results on Differing Degrees of Ketonuria in Nulliparous Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus during Spontaneous Labor; To compare intrapartum results associated with differing degrees of ketonuria in nulliparous women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), we implemented a retrospective cohort study comparing clinical characteristics among differing degrees of ketonuria and the duration and distribution of ketonuria at different stages of labor. We also analyzed adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes for each group. A total of 570 GDM deliveries were included; of these, 238 had negative ketonuria (41.8%), 180 had moderate ketonuria (31.6%), and 152 had ketosis (26.6%). The proportion of patients with a family history of diabetes significantly increased as the degree of ketonuria increased (P<0.001). Moreover, a significantly lower level of HOMA-IR (the insulin resistance index) was observed for the Negative group (P<0.001). The triglyceride (TG) level was significantly higher in the Ketosis group (P<0.001), and the total cholesterol (TC) levels significantly increased as the degree of ketonuria progressed (P<0.001). There were also higher maternal blood sugar levels and a significantly higher proportion of oxytocin augmentation in ketonuria cases (P<0.001). Over three-fourths of patients (75.6%) had a ketonuria duration of ≤2 hours in the Moderate group, 61.2% had a ketonuria duration of between 3 and 4 h in the Ketosis group, and most of the ketonuria cases resolved in the first stage of labor. As the degree of ketonuria progressed, we observed a significantly higher number of cases with fetal heart rate pattern III (FHR pattern III), meconium-stained amniotic fluid III (MSAF III), postpartum hemorrhages, prolonged labor, neonatal hypoglycemia, an umbilical cord arterial pH of <7.2, low Apgar scores, increased neonatal intensive care admissions, augmented forceps-assisted deliveries, and conversions to cesarean sections. The results showed that ketonuria is common during the intrapartum period and that the risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes may increase when complicated with ketonuria. © 2019 Shi-Yun Huang et al.
Heart rate variability categories of fluctuation amplitude and complexity: Diagnostic markers of fetal development and its disturbances; Objective: In fetal diagnosis the myriad and diversity of heart rate variability (HRV) indices prevents a comparable routine evaluation of disturbances in fetal development and well-being. The work aims at the extraction of a small set of HRV key indices that could help to establish a universal, overarching tool to screen for any disturbance. Approach: HRV indices were organized in categories of short-term (prefix s) and long-term (prefix l) amplitude fluctuations (AMP), complexity (COMP), and patterns (PATTERN) and common representatives for each category were extracted. This procedure was done with respect to the diagnostic value in the evaluation of the maturation age throughout the second and complete third trimester of pregnancy as well as to potential differences associated with maternal life-style factors (physical exercise, smoking), nutrient intervention (docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation), and complications of pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), intra-uterine growth restriction (IUGR)). Main results: We found a comprehensive minimal set that includes [lAMP: short term variation (STV), initially introduced in cardiotocography, sAMP: heart rate increase across one interbeat interval of phase rectified averaged signal - acceleration capacity (ACst1), lCOMP: scale 4 multi-scale entropy (MSE4), PATTERN: skewness] for the maturation age prediction, and partly overlapping [lAMP: STV, sAMP: ACst1, sCOMP: Lempel Ziv complexity (LZC)] for the discrimination of the deviations. Significance: The minimal set of category-based HRV representatives allows for a screening of fetal development and well-being. These results are an important step towards a universal and comparable diagnostic tool for the early identification of developmental disturbances. Novelty & Significance Fetal development and its disturbances have been reported to be associated with a multiplicity of HRV indices. Furthermore, these HRV indices change with maturation. We propose the abstraction of HRV categories defined by short- and long-term fluctuation amplitude, complexity, and pattern indices that cover all relevant aspects of maturational age, behavioral influences and a series of pathological disturbances. The study data are provided by multiple centers. Our approach is an important step towards the goal of a standardized diagnostic tool for early identification of fetal developmental disturbances with respect to the reduction of serious complications in the later life. © 2019 Institute of Physics and Engineering in Medicine.
Inflammatory Consequences of Maternal Diabetes on the Offspring Brain: a Hippocampal Organotypic Culture Study; Gestational diabetes is a disorder associated with abnormal chronic inflammation that poses a risk to the developing fetus. We investigated the effects of experimentally induced diabetes (streptozotocin model) in Wistar female rats on the inflammatory status of the hippocampi of their offspring. Additionally, the impact of antidiabetic drugs (metformin and glyburide) on inflammatory processes was evaluated. Organotypic hippocampal cultures (OHCs) were prepared from the brains of the 7-day-old rat offspring of control and diabetic mother rats. On the 7th day in vitro, the cultures were pretreated with metformin (3 μM) or glyburide (1 μM) and then stimulated for 24 h with lipopolysaccharide (LPS, 1 μg/ml). The OHCs obtained from the offspring of diabetic mothers were characterized by the increased mortality of cells and an enhanced susceptibility to damage caused by LPS. Although we showed that LPS stimulated the secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokines (IL-1β, IL-6, TNF-α) in the control and diabetic cultures, the levels of IL-1β and IL-6 in the OHC medium obtained from the offspring of diabetic mothers were more pronounced. In the diabetic cultures, enhanced levels of TLR-4 and the overactivation of the NLRP3 inflammasome were demonstrated. Metformin and glyburide pretreatment normalized the LPS-induced IL-1β secretion in the control and diabetic cultures. Furthermore, glyburide diminished both: LPS-induced IL-6 and TNF-α secretion in the control and diabetic cultures and increased NF-κB p65 subunit phosphorylation. Glyburide also diminished the levels of the NLRP3 subunit and caspase-1, but only in the diabetic cultures. The results showed that maternal diabetes affected inflammatory processes in the offspring brain and increased hippocampal sensitivity to the LPS-induced inflammatory response. The use of antidiabetic agents, especially glyburide, had a beneficial impact on the changes caused by maternal diabetes. © 2019, The Author(s).
GSK3β and MCL-1 mediate cardiomyocyte apoptosis in response to high glucose; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for congenital heart defects. Our previous results indicated that a decrease in myocardial cells and an increase in apoptotic cells leads to heart defects under hyperglycemia, but much work remains to elucidate this important mechanism of myocardial cell apoptosis induced by high glucose (HG). In this study, we found that a decrease in GSK3β phosphorylation on Ser9 occurred concomitantly with HG-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis and in the heart tissues of the offspring of diabetic rats in vitro and in vivo. Decreases in GSK3β (Ser9) phosphorylation in response to HG were remarkably restored after treatment with SC79, an activator of the Akt signaling pathway. SB216763, an effective inhibitor of the GSK3β signaling pathway, suppressed HG-induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes. Further studies showed a decrease in the expression of the anti-apoptotic protein MCL-1 was associated with GSK3β-mediated apoptosis. MCL-1 overexpression partly inhibits HG-induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes. Herein, this study revealed the roles of GSK3β and MCL-1 in modulating HG-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis and maternal diabetes-induced abnormalities. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Nutrigenetics, epigenetics and gestational diabetes: consequences in mother and child; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic condition during pregnancy and may result in short- and long-term complications for both mother and offspring. The complexity of phenotypic outcomes seems influenced by genetic susceptibility, nutrient-gene interactions and lifestyle interacting with clinical factors. There is strong evidence that not only the adverse genetic background but also the epigenetic modifications in response to nutritional and environmental factors could influence the maternal hyperglycemia in pregnancy and the foetal metabolic programming. In this view, the correlation between epigenetic modifications and their transgenerational effects represents a very interesting field of study. The present review gives insight into the role of gene variants and their interactions with nutrients in GDM. In addition, we provide an overview of the epigenetic changes and their role in the maternal-foetal transmission of chronic diseases. Overall, the knowledge of epigenetic modifications induced by an adverse intrauterine and perinatal environment could shed light on the potential pathophysiological mechanisms of long-term disease development in the offspring and provide useful tools for their prevention. © 2019, © 2019 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes: Impact on arterial wall layer thickness and stiffness in early childhood - RADIEL study six-year follow-up;                              Background and aims: Gestational diabetes (GDM)and maternal obesity are linked to weight gain in childhood and an increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life. We assessed the effects of GDM and maternal obesity on arterial function and morphology in relation to body anthropometrics and composition in early childhood. Methods: We assessed body size and composition, blood pressure (BP), arterial morphology and stiffness in 201 pairs of obese mothers (pre-pregnancy BMI 30.7 ± 5.6 kg/m                             2                             , 96 with GDM)and their children at 6.1 years (SD 0.5). Results: Child BMI (z-score 0.45 ± 0.92; p < 0.001)and common carotid intima-media thickness (IMT, z-score 0.15 ± 0.75, p = 0.003)were increased compared with a healthy Finnish reference population. No associations with maternal GDM was found. Carotid IMT and pulse wave velocity were unrelated to child sex, anthropometrics, body composition, BP, as well as maternal anthropometrics and body composition. Carotid stiffness was independently predicted by second trimester fasting glucose. Child lean body mass was the strongest independent predictor for radial (RA), and brachial artery (BA)lumen diameter (LD)and BA IMT (LD: RA: r                             2                              = 0.068, p < 0.001; BA: r                             2                              = 0.108, p < 0.001; IMT: BA: r                             2                              = 0.161, p < 0.001)and carotid LD (r                             2                              = 0.066, p < 0.001). Conclusions: Children of obese mothers have increased BMI, blood pressure and carotid IMT suggesting a transgenerational effect of maternal obesity and clustering of cardiovascular risk factors in the population. Arterial dimensions were mainly predicted by child LBM, and not associated with maternal or child adiposity, or GDM. There was a weak association with maternal gestational fasting glucose and increased carotid artery stiffness.                          © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
A prospective study of artificially sweetened beverage intake and cardiometabolic health among women at high risk; Background: Artificially sweetened beverages (ASBs) are commonly consumed and recommended for individuals at high risk for cardiometabolic diseases; however, the health effects of ASBs remain contradictory. Given that cross-sectional analyses are subject to reverse causation, prospective studies with long-term follow-up are needed to evaluate associations between ASBs and cardiometabolic health, especially among high-risk individuals. Objective: The aim of this studywas to examine associations of ASB intake and cardiometabolic health among high-riskwomenwith prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: We included 607 women with GDM from the Danish National Birth Cohort (DNBC; 1996-2002) who completed a clinical exam 9-16 y after the DNBC pregnancy for the Diabetes & Women's Health (DWH) Study (2012-2014). We assessed ASB intake using FFQs completed during the DNBC pregnancy and at the DWH Study clinical exam. We examined cardiometabolic outcomes at the DWH clinical exam. We estimated percentage differences in continuous cardiometabolic markers and RRs for clinical endpoints in association with ASB intake both during pregnancy and at follow-up adjusted for prepregnancy BMI, diet, and lifestyle factors. Sensitivity analyses to account for reverse causation were performed. Results: In pregnancy and at follow-up, 30.4% and 36.4% of women regularly (≥2 servings/wk) consumed ASB, respectively. Consumption of ASBs, both during pregnancy and at follow-up, was associated with higher glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), insulin, HOMA-IR, triglycerides, liver fat, and adiposity and with lower HDL at follow-up. After adjustment for covariates, particularly prepregnancy BMI, the majority of associations between ASB intake in pregnancy and outcomes at follow-up became null with the exception of HbA1c. ASB intake at follow-up (≥1 serving/d compared with <1 serving/mo) was associated with higher HbA1c (6.5%; 95% CI: 1.9, 11.3; P-trend = 0.007); however, associations were not upheld in sensitivity analyses for reverse causation. Conclusions: Among Danish women with a history of GDM, ASB intake was not significantly associated with cardiometabolic profiles. © American Society for Nutrition 2019.
Relationship between pregnancy complications and subsequent coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomographic angiography in black women; BACKGROUND: Maternal pregnancy complications, particularly preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus, are described to increase the risk for subsequent coronary artery disease (CAD). In addition, black women are at higher risk for CAD. The objective of this study was to compare the prevalence and extent of CAD as detected by coronary computed tomographic angiography (CCTA) in black women with and without a history of prior pregnancy complications. METHODS: We retrospectively evaluated patient characteristics and CCTA findings in groups of black women with a prior history of preterm delivery (n=154), preeclampsia (n=137), or gestational diabetes mellitus (n=148), and a matched control group of black women who gave birth without such complications (n=445). Univariate and multivariate analyses were performed to assess risk factors of CAD. RESULTS: All groups with prior pregnancy complications showed higher rates of any (≥20% luminal narrowing) and obstructive (≥50% luminal narrowing) CAD (preterm delivery: 29.2% and 9.1%; preeclampsia: 29.2% and 7.3%; and gestational diabetes mellitus: 47.3% and 15.5%) compared with control women (23.8% and 5.4%). After accounting for confounding factors at multivariate analysis, gestational diabetes mellitus remained a strong risk factor of any (odds ratio, 3.26; 95% CI, 2.03–5.22; P<0.001) and obstructive CAD (odds ratio, 3.00; 95% CI, 1.55–5.80; P<0.001) on CCTA. CONCLUSIONS: Black women with a history of pregnancy complications, particularly gestational diabetes mellitus, have a higher prevalence of CAD on CCTA while only a history of gestational diabetes mellitus was independently associated with any and obstructive CAD on CCTA. © 2019 American Heart Association, Inc.
Estimation of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus using Azure AI Services; Diabetes is a condition that slowly affects the natural defense mechanism and vital organs; it's a silent and slow killer. It is a condition when body fails to utilize the energy provided by food due to excessive blood sugar level. Diabetes is among the potentials reasons for kidney diseases, heart-stroke, blindness and lower limb amputation. WHO estimates that more than 500 million people are infected with diabetes worldwide, the disease is responsible for over more than 2.5 million causalities across the globe, the condition is more prevalent in medium and low income nations. Paper presents a procedural approach for Estimation of Gestational Diabetes using Microsoft Azure AI services. Microsoft Azure AI is a Machine Learning Studio, with all major functions and algorithm at the view of drag and drop. The classification model building the work, can predict the occurrence of Gestational diabetes based on factors at early stages of pregnancy. Pima Indian dataset from UCI has been utilized to build and cross validated the predictive model. The algorithm was examined on a dataset of 768 samples and it was able to achieve an accuracy of 77.8%. © 2019 IEEE.
Pregnancy complications and premature cardiovascular events among 1.6 million California pregnancies; Background Cardiovascular complications of pregnancy present an opportunity to assess risk for subsequent cardiovascular disease. We sought to determine whether peripartum cardiomyopathy and hypertensive disorder of pregnancy subtypes predict future myocardial infarction, heart failure or stroke independent of one another and of other risks such as gestational diabetes, preterm birth and intrauterine growth restriction. Methods and results The California Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project database was used to identify all hospitalised pregnancies from 2005 to 2009, with follow-up through 2011, for a retrospective cohort study. Pregnancies, exposures, covariates and outcomes were defined by International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision codes. Among 1.6 million pregnancies (mean age 28 years; median follow-up time to event excluding censoring 2.7 years), 558 cases of peripartum cardiomyopathy, 123 603 hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, 107 636 cases of gestational diabetes, 116 768 preterm births and 23 504 cases of intrauterine growth restriction were observed. Using multivariable Cox proportional hazards models, peripartum cardiomyopathy was independently associated with a 39.2-fold increase in heart failure (95% CI 30.0 to 51.9), resulting in ∼1 additional hospitalisation per 1000 person-years. There was a 13.0-fold increase in myocardial infarction (95% CI 4.1 to 40.9) and a 7.7-fold increase in stroke (95% CI 2.4 to 24.0). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were associated with 1.4-fold (95% CI 1.0 to 2.0) to 7.6-fold (95% CI 5.4 to 10.7) higher risk of myocardial infarction, heart failure and stroke, resulting in a maximum of ∼1 additional event per 1000 person-years. Gestational diabetes, preterm birth and intrauterine growth restriction had more modest associations. Conclusion These findings support close monitoring of women with cardiovascular pregnancy complications for prevention of early cardiovascular events and study of mechanisms underlying their development. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019.
Metabolic programming in early life in humans; An association of low birth weight with an increased risk of adult cardiovascular disease and diabetes led to the developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) hypothesis, which proposes that undernutrition during early development permanently ‘programmes’ organ structure and metabolism, leading to vulnerability to later cardio-metabolic disease. High birth weight caused by maternal gestational diabetes is also associated with later diabetes, suggesting that fetal over-nutrition also has programming effects. Post-natal factors (excess weight gain/obesity, smoking, poor diets and physical inactivity) interact with fetal exposures to increase disease risk. Animal studies have shown permanent metabolic effects in offspring after alterations to maternal or early post-natal diets but evidence in humans is largely limited to observational and quasi-experimental situations such as maternal famine exposure. Randomized trials of maternal nutritional interventions during pregnancy have so far had limited follow-up of the offspring. Moreover, interventions usually started after the first trimester and therefore missed key peri-conceptional or early pregnancy events such as epigenetic changes, placentation and fetal organogenesis. Recent and ongoing trials intervening pre-conceptionally and powered for long-term offspring follow-up will address these issues. While current preventive strategies for cardio-metabolic disease focus on high-risk individuals in mid-life, DOHaD concepts offer a ‘primordial’ preventive strategy to reduce disease in future generations by improving fetal and infant development. This article is part of the theme issue ‘Developing differences: early-life effects and evolutionary medicine’. © 2019 The Author(s) Published by the Royal Society. All rights reserved.
The prevalence of obstructive sleep apnea and its association with pregnancy-related health outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Purpose: Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is common during pregnancy. Nevertheless, prevalence estimates of OSA have varied widely due to variabilities in the assessment methods. This meta-analysis aimed to examine the prevalence of objectively assessed OSA and its association with pregnancy-related health outcomes in pregnant women. Methods: This review was developed following the PRISMA guideline. A systematic search was conducted in major electronic databases to identify studies conducted from inception to January 2018. The pooled estimates with 95% confidence interval were calculated using the inverse variance method. Forest plots were used to present the results of individual studies and the pooled effect sizes. Results: Thirty-three studies were included. The mean gestational age was between 21.2 (8.5) and 37.3 (2.1) weeks. The pooled worldwide prevalence of OSA was 15% (95% CI 12–18%). The prevalence estimates ranged from 5% in the European Region to 20% in the Region of Americas. The prevalence estimates for different trimesters ranged from 15 to 19%. OSA was related to an increased risk for gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, C-section, postoperative wound complication, and pulmonary edema. The pooled adjusted odds ratio (aOR) values were 1.97, 1.55, 2.35, 1.42, 1.87, and 6.35, respectively. OSA was also related to an increased risk for preterm birth (aOR = 1.62) and neonatal intensive care unit admission (aOR = 1.28). Conclusions: OSA is a common health issue in pregnant women. OSA is associated with various pregnancy-related health outcomes. Routine screening, early diagnosis, and effective treatment of OSA are recommended in pregnant women, particularly during mid and late pregnancy. © 2018, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Gestational Diabetes but Not Prepregnancy Overweight Predicts for Cardiometabolic Markers in Offspring Twenty Years Later; Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and prepregnancy overweight/obesity [body mass index (BMI) 25 kg/m2] might adversely affect offspring cardiometabolic health. Objective: To assess the associations between maternal GDMand prepregnancy overweight/obesity with adult offspring cardiometabolic risk factors. Design: Longitudinal cohort study (ESTER Maternal Pregnancy Disorders Study and the Arvo Ylppo Longitudinal Study). Setting: Province of Uusimaa and Northern Finland. Participants: At a mean age of 24.1 6 1.3 years, we classified offspring as offspring of mothers with GDM regardless of the prepregnancy BMI (OGDM; n 5 193); normoglycemic mothers with prepregnancy overweight/obesity (ONO; n 5 157); and normoglycemic mothers with prepregnancy BMI ,25 kg/m2 (controls; n 5 556). Main Outcome Measures: We assessed the cardiometabolic biomarkers from blood and measured the blood pressure at rest and heart rate. © 2019 Endocrine Society.
The role of optimum diabetes care in form of Ramadan focused diabetes education, flash glucose monitoring system and pre-Ramadan dose adjustments in the safety of Ramadan fasting in high risk patients with diabetes; Background: Physiology of intermittent and prolonged fasting is known from healthy subjects. Evidence on high and very high-risk groups is lacking. The anticipated risks include hypoglycemia, hyperglycemia, dehydration and thrombosis. Education, pre-Ramadan doses adjustment, and glucose monitoring devices (Optimum diabetes care in Ramadan)is expected to lower this risk. Aims: We aimed to assess the value of optimum care in diabetes management during Ramadan on the metabolic parameters of high risk patients with diabetes. Moreover, we wanted to assess and understand the safety of fasting in this group. Methods: This is a prospective interventional study. Patient with high-risk diabetes who insisted on fasting. High risk patients defined as any one with type 1 or type 2 diabetes on insulin, Gestational diabetes, stage 3 kidney disease, and having history of ischemic heart disease. All patients received a Freestyle Libre continuous glucose monitoring device, and was offered to attend the clinic at any time during the study, this collectively defined as optimum diabetes care during Ramadan. Biometric (Weight, height, Blood pressure)and biochemical (Glycosylated hemoglobin A, Lipids profile, creatinine, and estimated glomerular filtration rate)were reported within 4–6 weeks before and after Ramadan. Results: Total of 169 patients were. Majority were females 54.4% (n = 92). There was a remarkable improvement in glycemic control from 7.6 + 1.2 to 7.3 + 1.2 percent (p = 0.00). Serum creatinine showed a negligible change at the end of the study from 0.81 + 0.3 to 0.82 + 0.2 mg/dl). Only total cholesterol worsened significantly (p = 0.02). © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Techniques of monitoring blood glucose during pregnancy for women with pre-existing diabetes; Background There are a number of ways of monitoring blood glucose in women with diabetes during pregnancy, with self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) recommended as a key component of the management plan. No existing systematic reviews consider the benefits/ effectiveness of different techniques of blood glucose monitoring on maternal and infant outcomes among pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes. The effectiveness of the various monitoring techniques is unclear. This review is an update of a review that was first published in 2014 and subsequently updated in 2017. Objectives To compare techniques of blood glucose monitoring and their impact on maternal and infant outcomes among pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes. Search methods For this update, we searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth’s Trials Register, ClinicalTrials.gov, the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) (1 November 2018), and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-RCTs comparing techniques of blood glucose monitoring including SMBG, continuous glucose monitoring (CGM), automated telemedicine monitoring or clinic monitoring among pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes mellitus (type 1 or type 2). Trials investigating timing and frequency of monitoring were also eligible for inclusion. RCTs using a cluster-randomised design were eligible for inclusion but none were identified. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of included studies. Data were checked for accuracy. The quality of the evidence was assessed using the GRADE approach. Main results This review update includes a total of 12 trials (863) women (792 women with type 1 diabetes and 152 women with type 2 diabetes). The trials took place in Europe, the USA and Canada. Three of the 12 included studies are at low risk of bias, eight studies are at moderate risk of bias, and one study is at high risk of bias. Four trials reported that they were provided with the continuous glucose monitors free of charge or at a reduced cost by the manufacturer. Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) versus intermittent glucose monitoring, (four studies, 609 women) CGM may reduce hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (pre-eclampsia and pregnancy-induced hypertension) (risk ratio (RR) 0.58, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.39 to 0.85; 2 studies, 384 women; low-quality evidence), although it should be noted that only two of the four relevant studies reported data for this composite outcome. Conversely, this did not translate into a clear reduction for pre-eclampsia (RR 0.65, 95% CI 0.39 to 1.08; 4 studies, 609 women, moderate-quality evidence). There was also no clear reduction in caesarean section (average RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.18; 3 studies, 427 women; I2 = 41%; moderate-quality evidence) or large-for-gestational age (average RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.57 to 1.26; 3 studies, 421 women; I2 = 70%; low-quality evidence) with CGM. There was not enough evidence to assess perinatal mortality (RR 0.82, 95% CI 0.05 to 12.61, 71 infants, 1 study; low-quality evidence), or mortality or morbidity composite (RR 0.80, 95% CI 0.61 to 1.06; 1 study, 200 women) as the evidence was based on single studies of low quality. CGM appears to reduce neonatal hypoglycaemia (RR 0.66, 95% CI 0.48 to 0.93; 3 studies, 428 infants). Neurosensory disability was not reported. Other methods of glucose monitoring For the following five comparisons, self-monitoring versus a different type of self-monitoring (two studies, 43 women); self-monitoring at home versus hospitalisation (one study, 100 women), pre-prandial versus post-prandial glucose monitoring (one study, 61 women), automated telemedicine monitoring versus conventional system (three studies, 84 women), and constant CGM versus intermittent CGM (one study, 25 women), it is uncertain whether any of the interventions has any impact on any of our GRADE outcomes (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, caesarean section, large-for-gestational age) because the quality of the evidence was found to be very low. This was due to evidence largely being derived from single trials, with design limitations and limitations with imprecision (wide CIs, small sample sizes, and few events). There was not enough evidence to assess perinatal mortality and neonatal mortality and morbidity composite. Other important outcomes, such as neurosensory disability, were not reported in any of these comparisons. Authors’ conclusions Two new studies (406 women) have been incorporated to one of the comparisons for this update. Although the evidence suggests that CGM in comparison to intermittent glucose monitoring may reduce hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, this did not translate into a clear reduction for pre-eclampsia, and so this result should be viewed with caution. No differences were observed for other primary outcomes for this comparison. The evidence base for the effectiveness of other monitoring techniques analysed in the other five comparisons is weak and based on mainly single studies with very low-quality evidence. Additional evidence from large well-designed randomised trials is required to inform choices of other glucose monitoring techniques and to confirm the effectiveness of CGM. © 2019 The Cochrane Collaboration.
Obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome in patients living with diabetes: Which patients should be screened?; Aim: Because type 2 diabetes (T2D) is related to obesity, it is often associated with obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome (OSAS), although OSAS is also frequently diagnosed in patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D) and may promote gestational diabetes. Thus, this systematic review of the scientific evidence aimed to evaluate the epidemiological association between OSAS and all forms of diabetes, the current understanding of the pathophysiological mechanisms behind these associations, the expected benefits and limitations of OSAS treatment in patients with diabetes and, finally, to propose which patients require screening for OSAS. Methods: A panel comprising French expert endocrinologists and pneumologists was convened. Two of these experts made a search of the relevant literature for each subpart of the present report; all panel experts then critically reviewed the entire report separately as well as collectively. Results: There is little evidence to support the notion that OSAS treatment improves glycated haemoglobin, although it may improve nighttime blood glucose control and insulin sensitivity. However, there is robust evidence that OSAS treatment lowers 24-h blood pressure. Conclusion: The high prevalence of OSAS in patients with T1D and T2D justifies screening for the syndrome, which should be based on clinical symptoms, as the benefits of OSAS treatment are mainly improvement of symptoms related to sleep apnoea. There are also several clinical situations wherein screening for OSAS seems justified in patients with diabetes even when they have no symptoms, particularly to optimalize control of blood pressure in cases of resistant hypertension and microvascular complications. © 2018 Elsevier Masson SAS
Long-term cardiovascular hospitalizations of small for gestational age (SGA) offspring born to women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)‡; Objective: To assess whether delivery of small for gestational age (SGA) neonates to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of long-term cardiovascular offspring hospitalizations compared to SGA neonates born to mothers without GDM. Study design: This is a population-based retrospective cohort study. The study group was SGA offspring born to mothers with GDM (n = 259), while the control group was SGA offspring born to mothers without GDM (n = 9053). The main factor evaluated was offspring cardiovascular hospitalizations up to the age of 18 years. Kaplan-Meier survival curve was used to estimate cumulative incidence of cardiovascular hospitalizations. A Cox proportional hazards model was used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for cardiovascular hospitalizations. Results: SGA children born to mothers with GDM had significantly higher rates of cardiovascular-related hospitalizations (1.9% vs. 0.7%, p =.026). A Kaplan-Meier survival curve demonstrated that SGA children born to GDM mothers had a higher cumulative incidence of cardiovascular hospitalizations (log-rank p =.037). The Cox regression model, while controlling for confounders, demonstrated that delivery of SGA neonates to mothers with GDM is independently associated with long-term cardiovascular offspring hospitalizations (adjusted HR =2.6; 95% CI 1.02–6.55 p =.045). Conclusion: Delivery of SGA neonates born to mothers with GDM is independently associated with long-term cardiovascular offspring hospitalizations. © 2019, © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Obstetric History and Cardiovascular Disease (CVD) Risk; During normal pregnancy, several metabolic and hemodynamic alterations occur in order to ensure normal fetal development. A pregnant woman’s failure to overcome these alterations may result in hypertensive pregnancy disorders (gestational hypertension, preeclampsia/eclampsia) or gestational diabetes mellitus. Recent studies have shown that these complications not only affect the pregnancy outcome but are also related to vascular dysfunction that persists postpartum. Moreover, there is an established association between hypertensive pregnancy disorders, gestational diabetes mellitus, and subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. Despite the numerous data that support this association, most obstetricians and primary healthcare physicians dot not provide appropriate postpartum follow-up and counseling to women with increased risk of CVD. Lifestyle modifications in association with close follow-up applied early after labor in women with complicated pregnancies may provide early diagnosis and prevention of future cardiovascular events. Therefore, it is essential for the physicians to understand the importance of obstetric history as a predictive factor of CVD and incorporate it in the daily practice in order to optimize the management of women with increased CVD risk and subsequently reduce CVD rates in women. © 2019, International Society of Gynecological Endocrinology.
Spontaneous Dissection of the Coronary Vessels. Epidemiological and Coronary Angiographic Study; Introduction: Spontaneous dissection of the coronary arteries is relatively rare and usually does not affect life expectancy. However specific types have been implicated to episodes of sudden cardiac death and myocardial ischemia. The recog-nition of both clinical and imaging characteristics contributes to appropriate decision and patient management. Aim: The aim of the study is the epidemiological and Coronary Angiographic (CA) estimation of patients with spontaneous dissection of the coronary arteries, who were hospitalized in the cardiology department with Acute Coronary Syndrome or were submitted to coronary angiographic examination in the laboratory. Material and Methods: The epidemiological, clinical and angiographic data of 31 patients who were hospitalized in our department and suffered from spontaneous dissection of the coronary vessels were studied retrospectively. Results: In 31 patients (11 men and 20 women, mean age 52.8+18.6 years) who were hospitalized for acute coronary syndrome (ACS), spontaneous dissection of coronary arteries was detected. Precipitating factors were hypertension in 12 patients (38.71%), dyslipidemia in 13 patients (42%) and smoking in 17 patients (54.84%). Among the women, 13 (65%) had a history of hypertension in pregnancy, preeclampsia or/and gestational diabetes. In 8 patients, the coronary angiography showed multivessel disease, while in 12 patients there were no significant lesions in the coronary vessels. Fourteen women (70%) reported a history of depression compared to none in men. Conclusion: The incidence of spontaneous dissection of the coronary vessels in this sample of patients from northern Greece is similar to that of the other centers. The incidence is greater in females with hormonal changes and depression. In a large number there were no significant atherosclerotic lesions. © 2019 Ioannis Vogiatzis, Evangelos Sdogkos, Andreas Aidinis, Kariofillis Kousidis, Pavlos Roditis, Anila Spahiou, Maria Pliatsika, Sarantis Pittas.
Updates in long-term maternal and fetal adverse effects of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with long-term maternal and fetal adverse outcomes. Recent evidences suggest GDM increases long-term maternal cardiovascular disease, chronic kidney disease, and cancer risks. Maternal hyperglycemia is associated with offspring obesity, overweight, insulin resistance, and neurocognitive development. It remains unclear whether treating mild GDM would reduce long-term maternal and fetal adverse effects. © 2019 LWW. All right reserved.
Glucose screening in pregnancy and future risk of cardiovascular disease in women: a retrospective, population-based cohort study; Background: In studies to date, gestational diabetes has consistently been associated with an increased future risk of cardiovascular disease, irrespective of the antepartum screening protocol or diagnostic criteria by which gestational diabetes is diagnosed. We reasoned that the resultant heterogeneity in the severity of dysglycaemia in women with gestational diabetes suggests that the relationship between gestational glycaemia and subsequent cardiovascular disease probably extends into the non-diagnostic range. Thus, we hypothesised that glucose screening in pregnancy would identify future risk of cardiovascular disease in women who did not have gestational diabetes. Methods: We did a population-based cohort study using information from health-care administrative databases from the Ministry of Health and Long Term Care of Ontario (Canada). We identified all women in Ontario who had a 50 g oral glucose challenge test in pregnancy between 24 and 28 weeks gestation with a livebirth delivery between July 1, 2007, and Dec 31, 2015. Women who had a history of diabetes before pregnancy or had been previously hospitalised for cardiovascular disease were excluded. Women with a 1-h post-challenge plasma glucose concentration of 11·1 mmol/L or greater were considered to have gestational diabetes, as were women with a reading between 7·8 and 11·0 mmol/L inclusive for whom diabetes was recorded as a diagnosis on the delivery hospital record. The study population was divided into six groups based on the results of the glucose challenge test (≤4·8 mmol/L; 4·9–5·5 mmol/L; 5·6–6·2 mmol/L; 6·3–6·9 mmol/L; 7·0–7·9 mmol/L; and ≥8·0 mmol/L). The primary outcome was cardiovascular disease (a composite of hospitalisation for myocardial infarction, acute coronary syndrome, stroke, coronary artery bypass grafting, percutaneous coronary intervention, or carotid endarterectomy). All women were followed up from the index pregnancy until cardiovascular disease event, death, migration, or Sept 30, 2017, whichever came first. Findings: 259 164 women were identified as eligible for this study: 13 609 who had gestational diabetes, and 245 555 women without gestational diabetes. The women were followed up over a median 3·9 years (IQR 2·8–5·6) for the development of cardiovascular disease. Each 1 mmol/L increment in the glucose challenge test result was associated with a 13% higher risk of cardiovascular disease (after adjustment for age, ethnicity, income, and rurality, adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1·13, 95% CI 1·04–1·22). This relationship persisted after excluding women with gestational diabetes (1·14, 1·01–1·28). In women without gestational diabetes, those with an abnormal glucose challenge test result (≥7·8 mmol/L) and those with a result between 7·2 and 7·7 mmol/L had an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (HR 1·94, 95% CI 1·29–2·92; and 1·65, 0·99–2·76, respectively), compared with those with a result of 7·1 mmol/L or less (overall p=0·003). Interpretation: The relationship between gestational glycaemia and subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease extends into the normoglycaemic range. Accordingly, glucose screening in pregnancy could identify future risk of cardiovascular disease in women who do not have gestational diabetes. Funding: None. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
Metabolic follow-up at one year and beyond of women with gestational diabetes treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents: Study protocol for the identification of a core outcomes set using a Delphi survey; Background: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with an increased lifetime risk for the development of glucose abnormalities, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, depression and tumours. Despite this high risk of additional comorbidities, there is no standardised approach to the long-term follow-up of women with a previous diagnosis of GDM. Also, there is no standardisation of outcome selection and reporting in studies involving this population. This increases the risk of reporting bias and reduces the possibility of meaningful comparisons between studies. The aim of this study is to develop a protocol for a core outcome set (COS) for the metabolic follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with previous GDM treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents. Methods/design: This protocol will describe the steps that will be taken in order to develop the COS. The study will consist of three parts: (1) A systematic review of the literature of the outcomes reported in previous randomised controlled trials of the follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with GDM treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents; (2) A three-round, online Delphi survey with key stakeholders in order to prioritise these outcomes; and (3) A consensus meeting where the final COS will be decided. Discussion: The proposed protocol is the first step in developing a COS that will bring consistency and uniformity to outcome selection and reporting in GDM women treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents. © 2019 The Author(s).
Factors associated with diabetes-related clinical inertia in a managed care population and its effect on hemoglobin A1c goal attainment: A claims-based analysis; BACKGROUND: Despite evidence showing the benefits of treatment intensification following an elevated hemoglobin A1c (A1c), clinical inertia, or failure to establish and/or escalate treatment to achieve treatment goals, is a concern among patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Clinical inertia may contribute to increased health care utilization and costs due to poor clinical outcomes in MCOs. OBJECTIVES: To (a) identify factors associated with clinical inertia in T2DM and (b) determine differences in A1c goal attainment between patients who experience clinical inertia versus treatment intensification in a commercially insured population. METHODS: Medical and pharmacy claims data were used to identify commercially insured patients in a regional MCO with a recorded A1c≥8.0% between January 1, 2013, and December 31, 2015. In the 4 months following the first elevated A1c value (index date), patients were classified into 2 groups: treatment intensification or clinical inertia. Treatment intensification was defined as the addition of ≥1 new noninsulin antihyperglycemic medication, the addition of insulin, or a dose increase of any current noninsulin antihyperglycemic medication. Patients were required to have ≥1 follow-up A1c value 6-12 months after the index date and continuous enrollment in the health plan for 12 months before and after the index date. Patients were excluded if they had a diagnosis for gestational diabetes or type 1 diabetes or if they were on insulin in the pre-index period. The primary outcome of attaining A1c<7.0% was compared between groups after propensity score matching (PSM). Factors associated with clinical inertia were identified using logistic regression. RESULTS: 3,078 patients, with a mean (SD) age of 54.4 (10.6) years and a mean (SD) baseline A1c of 9.6% (1.7), were included in the study. Of these, 1,093 patients (36%) experienced clinical inertia. After PSM, 1,760 patients remained; 880 in each group. In the clinical inertia group, 23% of patients achieved an A1c<7.0% in the post-index period, compared with 35% in the treatment intensification group (P<0.001). A greater likelihood of experiencing clinical inertia was associated with baseline treatment with 2 (OR = 1.51, 95% CI = 1.22-2.86; P<0.001) or ≥3 (OR = 1.78, 95% CI = 1.30-2.42; P<0.001) antihyperglycemic medications (vs. none), baseline age ≥65 years (OR=2.11, 95% CI=1.63-2.74; P<0.001), and diagnosis of coronary heart disease (OR = 1.44, 95% CI = 1.10-1.88; P=0.007). A baseline A1c≥9.0% (vs. 8.0%-8.9%) was associated with a lower likelihood of experiencing clinical inertia (OR = 0.56, 95% CI = 0.48-0.66; P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: More than a third of patients in a commercially insured population with T2DM and a baseline A1c≥8% experienced clinical inertia. Clinical inertia resulted in worse A1c outcomes over the 12-month follow-up period. Results of this study suggest that treatment intensification should be monitored, with efforts made to educate health care providers on strategies aimed at improving glycemic control for high-risk patients. Copyright © 2019, Academy of Managed Care Pharmacy. All rights reserved.
Gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors and disease in U.S. Hispanics/Latinas in the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL); To compare cardiovascular risk and disease prevalence in U.S. Hispanics/Latinas with and without a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Cross-sectional data from 2008 to 2011 were analyzed for 8,262 (305 with GDM history) parous women, aged 20–73 years, from the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL). Women with and without a history of GDM were compared on sociodemographic, cardiovascular risk factor, and disease data from standardized interviews and fasting blood tests, using chi-square tests, t-tests, and logistic regressions to determine odds ratios (ORs) and 95 percent confidence intervals (CIs). Adjusting for covariates, compared to those without a history of GDM, women with a history of GDM were younger (M = 39.1 years [95 percent CI = 37.8, 41.6] vs. 45.5 years [95 percent CI = 44.9, 46.1]) and more likely to have health insurance (68.1 percent [95 percent CI = 60.3 percent, 76.0 percent] vs. 54.9 percent [95 percent CI = 52.8 percent, 57.1 percent]), had greater waist circumference (M = 102.3 cm, [95 percent CI = 100.2, 104.3] vs. 98.1 cm [95 percent CI = 97.4, 98.5]) and higher fasting glucose (116.0 mg/dL [95 percent CI = 107.8, 124.3] vs. 104.2 mg/dL [95 percent CI = 103.4, 105.1]), and had higher odds of having metabolic syndrome (OR = 1.7 [95 percent CI = 1.2, 2.6]) or diabetes (OR = 3.3 [95 percent CI = 2.2, 4.8]). Prevalences of heart and cerebrovascular disease were similar. GDM history was positively associated with diabetes but not with cardiovascular disease. © 2018, © 2018 Taylor & Francis.
Cell-free nucleic acids in prenatal diagnosis and pregnancy-associated diseases; There is a great effort to find out the biological role of cell-free nucleic acids (cfNAs). They are considered very promising targets in the diagnosis of genetic diseases. Non-invasive sampling (liquid biopsy) has recently become a very popular method, and new molecular biological techniques have been developed for these types of samples. Application of next-generation sequencing (NGS) and massively parallel sequencing (MPS) is spreading fast. These are the part of the arsenal of the modern prenatal genetic diagnostic laboratories by now. Cell-free DNA based noninvasive prenatal testing accounts for more than half of the prenatal genetic tests performed, it is gradually replacing the invasive amniocentesis or chorionic villus sample-based diagnostics. Besides that, new non-coding RNAs are taking more attention: microRNAs (miRNAs), long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs), circular RNAs (circRNAs) are in the focus of the clinical research to detect the most common pregnancy-associated diseases, like preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, congenital heart diseases and gestational diabetes. The research is at advanced stage on the use of microRNAs, while lncRNAs and circRNAs are still promising targets. In this review, comprehensive information is given about the recent developments on this field. © 2019 International Federation of Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine. All rights reserved.
Diabetes in Pregnancy: Long-Term Complications of Offsprings; Maternal diabetes in pregnancy has short-term as well as long-term implications for the offspring. Observational studies in humans and animals as well as interventional studies in animals have found associations between fetal exposure to intrauterine hyperglycemia and later development of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular risk factors. The evolving field of epigenetics may open the black box of unanswered questions regarding the development of phenotype as a result of the complex interplay between genetic predisposition and fetal exposure to intrauterine hyperglycemia. The topic of this chapter is to give an overview of the long-term effects in the offspring of women with either pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnancy. The chapter discusses metabolic and cognitive consequences and presents results from research within epigenetics and stem cell, aiming to explore pathogenic mechanisms leading from fetal exposure to later impaired health. The chapter primarily focuses on human studies. © 2020 S. Karger AG, Basel. All rights reserved.
Diabetes distress is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes: A prospective cohort study; Background: Around 12% of pregnant women develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is associated with increased health risks for both mother and child and pre- and postpartum depression. Little is known about the relationship of GDM with diabetes-specific emotional distress (diabetes distress). The aims of this study are to assess the prevalence of diabetes distress in GDM and its association with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Methods: A prospective cohort study was carried out in an Amsterdam based teaching hospital with an ethnic diverse population. Women diagnosed with GDM completed a set of questionnaires at three time points. Questionnaires consisted of Problem Areas in Diabetes Scale 5 (PAID-5) for diabetes distress (T0-T1), Patient Health Questionnaire 9 (PHQ-9) for depressive symptoms (T0-T2), and questions to assess adverse pregnancy outcomes (T2). Adverse pregnancy outcomes (collected via self-report and if feasible from the medical records) were defined as hypertension, pre-eclampsia, caesarean section, severe perineal tearing, postpartum hemorrhage, postpartum depression, shoulder dystocia, neonatal hospitalization, macrosomia, jaundice, hypoglycemia and other (among which low heart rate, fever, hypoxia). Adverse pregnancy outcomes were dichotomized into none and 1 or more. Additional information was collected from the medical charts. Missing data were imputed via predictive mean matching and a multivariable logistic regression analysis was performed with diabetes distress, depressive symptoms, socioeconomic status, parity and ethnicity as predictors and age, HbA1c, and BMI as covariates. Results: A total of 100 women were included, mean age 32.5 (4.1), mean BMI 26.7 (4.8), 71% were of non-Dutch ethnic background. Elevated diabetes distress (PAID score ≥ 8) was reported by 36% of the women. Multivariable logistic regression analyses revealed that both high diabetes distress (OR 4.70, p =.02) and parity (OR 0.21, p =.02) but not antepartum depressive symptoms were related to adverse pregnancy outcomes. Conclusions: Diabetes distress is likely in women with GDM and our findings suggest an association between both diabetes distress, parity and adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with GDM. This warrants replication and further research into the underlying mechanisms explaining the impact of diabetes distress in GDM and potential interventions to reduce distress. © 2019 The Author(s).
Gestational diabetes mellitus: The impact of carbohydrate quality in diet; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as “glucose intolerance that is first diagnosed during pregnancy”. Mothers with GDM and their infants may experience both short and long term complications. Dietary intervention is the first therapeutic strategy. If good glycaemic control is not achieved, insulin therapy is recommended. There is no consensus on which nutritional approach should be used in GDM. In the last few years, there has been growing evidence of the benefits of a low glycaemic index (LGI) diet on diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The effect of a LGI diet on GDM incidence has been investigated as well. Several studies observed a lower incidence of GDM in LGI diet arms, without adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. The main positive effect of the LGI diet was the reduction of 2-h post-prandial glucose (PPG). Several studies have also evaluated the effect of the LGI diet in GDM treatment. Overall, the LGI diet might have beneficial effects on certain outcomes, such as 2-h PPG, fasting plasma glucose and lipid profile in patients with GDM. Indeed, most studies observed a significant reduction in insulin requirement. Overall, according to current evidence, the LGI nutritional approach is safe and it might therefore be considered in clinical care for GDM. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
An overview of the management of diabetes from preconception, during pregnancy and in the postnatal period; Diabetes is one of the most common medical conditions complicating pregnancy. Both pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes are associated with increased risks to the mother and fetus. These risks can be reduced by improving pre-conception and antenatal care. Pre-conception planning and care is important to ensure women are taking high dose folic acid, to optimise glucose control, to review medications and to screen for and manage any complications. All women with either pre-existing diabetes or gestational diabetes should be reviewed by the antenatal team every 1–2 weeks throughout pregnancy. This is to optimise glucose control and to monitor fetal growth and development. Women with diabetes in pregnancy should receive an individualised care plan for delivery. The exact timing of delivery will depend on maternal glucose control, fetal growth and any other complications. Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes in pregnancy are at high risk of developing both gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes in the future. After delivery, they should be offered a fasting plasma glucose at 6 weeks or a glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) at 13 weeks to ensure that the gestational diabetes has resolved and an annual HbA1c. © Royal College of Physicians 2019. All rights reserved.
Pathophysiological changes associated with sleep disordered breathing and supine sleep position in pregnancy; Sleep is a complex and active physiological process that if disrupted, can result in adverse outcomes both within and outside of pregnancy. Sleep disordered breathing (SDB) occurs in 10–32% of pregnancies. Substantial physiological changes occur during pregnancy that impact on maternal sleep, which typically deteriorates with advancing gestation. Pregnancy challenges maternal homeostatic regulation of many systems which effect maternal sleep, including the respiratory, cardiovascular, endocrine, and immune systems. SDB can result from varying degrees of airway compromise and potentially cause systemic hypoxia. The hypoxia may be acute, intermittent or chronic in nature with complications dependant on the duration and the gestation at which the insult occurs. It is unlikely that this effect is mediated by a singular mechanistic pathway but results from a complex cascade of events across multiple maternal organ systems. Regardless of the etiology, both SDB and supine sleep position are associated with a variety of obstetric and perinatal complications including, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, cardiomyopathy, heart failure, fetal growth restriction, poor neonatal condition at birth, stillbirth and neuro-psychiatric problems in offspring. Both maternal sleep position and sleep disordered breathing are potentially modifiable or treatable factors that if addressed have the potential to improve maternal and fetal outcomes. This narrative review summarizes the maternal and placental pathophysiological aberrations associated with sleep disordered breathing and supine sleep position in pregnancy. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
Weight change and cardiometabolic outcomes in postpartumwomen with history of gestational diabetes; Weight gain after childbirth is a significant risk factor for type 2 diabetes (T2DM) development after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The level of weight loss achieved in diabetes prevention programs for women after GDM is often low but its effects on the cardiometabolic risk are not known. In a secondary analysis of a diabetes prevention program in postpartum women with history of gestational diabetes, we evaluated the effect of weight change on the cardiometabolic outcomes at 1-year follow-up. Of the 284 women randomized to the intervention arm, 206 with the final outcome measurements were included in the analyses. Participants were categorized into weight loss (>2 kg, n = 74), weight stable (±2 kg, n = 74) or weight gain (>2 kg, n = 58) groups. The weight loss group had significantly greater decrease in glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) than the weight gain group (-0.1 + 0.4% vs. 0 + 0.4%, p = 0.049). The weight loss group had significantly greater decrease in total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol cholesterol than the other two groups (p < 0.05). The weight gain group had significantly greater increase in triglyceride and triglyceride:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio compare with the other groups (p < 0.01). Overall, a small amount of weight loss and prevention of further weight gain was beneficial to the cardiometabolic outcomes of postpartum women after GDM. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Pregnancy As a Predictor of Maternal Cardiovascular Disease: The Era of CardioObstetrics; Globally, cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the most common cause of mortality in women accounting for one in three deaths. There remains an under recognition of CVD as well as a lack of awareness of risk in women. Promotion of CVD prevention is essential, but the current risk assessment tools do not incorporate any sex-specific cardiovascular risk factors. There is increasing recognition of sex-specific risk factors that appear during pregnancy that are associated with CVD. These adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) include preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant, miscarriage, and high parity number. Although the underlying biological mechanism for these association remains to be elucidated, current international guidelines are beginning to recommend the inclusion of APOs in the assessment of CVD risk in women. This review summarizes the evidence for the association between APOs and future CVD. It also highlights the importance of considering APOs in the cardiovascular risk assessment, specifically in young women, allowing for targeted lifestyle-modifying interventions with the potential to alter their risk trajectory and improve their long-term cardiovascular health. © Copyright 2019, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers.
Good glycemic control of gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with the attenuation of future maternal cardiovascular risk: A retrospective cohort study; Background: To examine whether glycemic control of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) could modify the risk for future maternal metabolic and cardiovascular morbidities. Methods: A retrospective cohort study of women with a first diagnosis of GDM who delivered between 1991 and 2011. Women were divided into groups of good and poor glycemic control, defined as a mean daily glucose of up to 95 mg/dL (N = 230) and more than 95 mg/dL (N = 216), respectively. In addition, a control group of women without GDM (N = 352) was also analyzed. The primary outcomes were the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), obesity, hypertension, or dyslipidemia. Results: Mean follow-up time was 15.8 ± 5.1 years. Assessment was performed at a maternal age of 45 ± 7 years. The rates of the study outcomes in the control, GDM with good glycemic control and GDM with poor glycemic control were as follows: T2DM [19 (5.4%), 87 (38%), 127 (57%)]; hypertension [44 (13%), 42 (18%), 44 (20%)]; obesity [111 (32%), 112 (48%), 129 (58%)]; and dyslipidemia [49 (14%), 67 (29%), 106 (48%)]. Glycemic control was an independent risk factor for T2DM in multivariate Cox regression analysis (hazard ratio (HR) for poor glycemic control vs. controls 10.7 95% CI [6.0-19.0], good glycemic control vs. control HR 6.0 [3.3-10.8], and poor glycemic control vs. good glycemic control HR 1.8 [1.3-2.4]). Glycemic control was also an independent risk factor for dyslipidemia (poor glycemic control vs. controls HR 3.7 [2.3-5.8], good glycemic control vs. controls HR 2.0 [1.2-3.2], and poor glycemic control vs. good glycemic control HR 1.8 1.8 [1.3-2.6]). The fasting glucose level during oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was also an independent risk factor for these complications. The interaction term between glycemic control and the fasting value of the OGTT was not statistically significant, suggesting that the effect of glycemic control on the rate of future T2DM and dyslipidemia was not modified by the baseline severity of GDM. Conclusion: GDM and especially poor glycemic control are associated with T2DM and dyslipidemia. Strict glycemic control for reducing that risk should be evaluated in prospective trials. © 2019 The Author(s).
Frequency of ambiguous genitalia in 14,177 newborns in Turkey; Context: Limited data are available on the exact incidence of disorders of sex development (DSD) with genital ambiguity at birth. Objective: To determine frequency of ambiguous genitalia in newborns. Design: Prospective multicenter study. Setting: Three tertiary care hospitals. Patients or Other Participants: All 14,177 babies born during the study period were included. Main Outcome Measures: All newborns were examined at birth; data on weeks of gestation, birth weight, and length were collected. A structured questionnaire was used for data collection. Quigley and Prader scales were used for phenotypic grading. Clinical and genetic investigations were performed. Results: Eighteen babies with ambiguous genitalia were found among 14,177 newborns (1.3/1000). Fifteen newborns had 46,XY DSD, one had 46,XX congenital adrenal hyperplasia, and one had 45,X/ 46,XY mixed gonadal dysgenesis. Karyotype analysis was not done in one baby who died in the neonatal period. The ratio of prematurity was higher in the DSD group (44% vs 11%; P < 0.001) and the ratio of small for gestational age was also higher in the DSD group (22% vs 5%; P = 0.007). Eight babies with DSD had mothers who had additional medical conditions, such as preeclampsia, depression, insulin resistance, and gestational diabetes mellitus. Conclusion: The frequency of ambiguous genitalia was higher than in previous studies, but, as with any experiment, the finding should be met with caution because this study was conducted in tertiary care hospitals. In addition, lower birth weight in the DSD group supports the hypothesis that early placental dysfunction might be important in the etiology of male genital anomalies. Copyright © 2019 Endocrine Society.
Prenatal smoking exposure and cardio-metabolic risk factors in adulthood: a general population study and a meta-analysis;                              Objective: Prenatal smoking exposure is associated with obesity and other cardio-metabolic risk factors in children, but no previous meta-analysis has been conducted in adults. Methods: We investigated the association of prenatal smoking exposure in the Danish General Suburban Population Study (GESUS) with BMI, waist circumference, total cholesterol, type 2 diabetes, gestational type 2 diabetes, and hypertension in adulthood. We subsequently performed a meta-analysis, adding published studies investigating the association between prenatal smoking and the risk of cardio-metabolic outcomes among individuals at least 18 years of age. Results: We included 19 eligible observational studies with various cardio-metabolic outcomes (N = 24,201–308,981 adults). In individuals exposed to prenatal smoking, the pooled random effects adjusted odds ratio were 1.35 (95% CI: 1.16–1.56) for being overweight, 1.46 (1.39–1.54) for being obese, 1.07 (0.89–1.29) for type 2 diabetes, 1.17 (0.92–1.48) for hypertension, and 1.38 (1.19–1.61) for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), compared with no exposure. The standardized means in waist circumference, total cholesterol, diastolic, and systolic blood pressure were not different in individuals exposed vs. not exposed to prenatal smoking. Heterogeneity was moderate to high (51% < I                             2                              < 99%). However, removal of the high heterogeneity removed the associated uncertainty in the point estimate and revealed that prenatal smoking is associated with increased BMI in adulthood. There was also no evidence of publication bias in the meta-analyses. Conclusions: The findings from the meta-analyses suggested that prenatal smoking exposure is associated with an increased odds ratio of overweight, obesity, and GDM in adulthood, but not with type 2 diabetes, hypertension, waist circumference, or total cholesterol. These findings highlight the importance of abstaining from smoking by pregnant women.                          © 2018, Springer Nature Limited.
Gestational diabetes risk factors and long-term consequences for both mother and offspring: a literature review;                              Introduction: Established risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) include ethnicity, obesity, and family history of diabetes. Untreated GDM patients have higher rates of maternal and perinatal morbidity. GDM is an independent risk factor for future longer-term risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular morbidity, malignancies, ophthalmic, psychiatric, and renal disease in the mother. Offspring risk long-term adverse health outcomes, including T2DM, subsequent obesity, impacted neurodevelopmental outcome, increased neuropsychiatric morbidity, and ophthalmic disease. Areas covered: We critically review data from retrospective, prospective, and meta-analysis studies pertaining to established GDM risk factors, complications during pregnancy and birth (both mother and offspring), and long-term consequences (both mother and offspring). Expert commentary: Many of the adverse consequences of GDM might be avoided with proper management and treatment. Patients belonging to high-risk ethnic groups, and/or with body mass index ≥ 25 kg/m                             2                             , and/or known history of diabetes in first-degree relatives may benefit from universal screening and diagnostic criteria proposed by the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group (IADPSG). The IADPSG one-step method has several advantages, including simplicity of execution, greater patient-friendliness, and higher diagnostic accuracy. Additionally, evidence suggests that the recent increased popularity of bariatric surgery will help to decrease GDM rates over next 5 years. Similarly, metformin may be useful for treating and preventing obstetrical complications in confirmed GDM patients.                          © 2018, © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Gestational diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease in women: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims/hypothesis: Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an elevated lifetime risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Recently, a series of studies has suggested that women with GDM also have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, it is unclear if this risk is dependent upon the intercurrent development of type 2 diabetes. Thus, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the impact of GDM on future risk of incident CVD and to ascertain the role of type 2 diabetes in this regard. Methods: We systematically searched the PubMed and EMBASE databases for observational studies that evaluated the association of GDM with subsequent CVD, with publication between 1 January 1950 and 30 August 2018. Two independent reviewers extracted data and the analysis was performed in accordance with Meta-analysis of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (MOOSE) guidelines. RRs were calculated using a random-effects model to assess the predictive value of GDM for future cardiovascular events. To evaluate whether incident type 2 diabetes in the GDM population influenced the association with CVD, we used meta-regression models followed by sensitivity analyses restricted to women who did not develop type 2 diabetes during follow-up. Results: A pooled analysis of nine studies yielded data from 5,390,591 women (101,424 cardiovascular events). Compared with those who did not have GDM, women with GDM had a twofold higher risk of future cardiovascular events (RR 1.98 [95% CI 1.57, 2.50]). Meta-regression analysis showed that the rates of incident type 2 diabetes across the studies did not affect this risk (p = 0.34). Moreover, when restricted to women who did not develop type 2 diabetes, GDM remained associated with a 56% higher risk of future cardiovascular events (RR 1.56 [95% CI 1.04, 2.32]). GDM conferred a 2.3-fold increased risk of cardiovascular events in the first decade postpartum (RR 2.31 [95% CI 1.57, 3.39]). Conclusions/interpretation: The diagnosis of GDM identifies young women who have a twofold higher risk of cardiovascular events postpartum compared with their peers. This risk is not dependent upon intercurrent type 2 diabetes and is apparent within the first decade after pregnancy. Thus, even without progressing to type 2 diabetes, women with GDM comprise an at-risk population for CVD and hence a potential opportunity for early risk factor surveillance and risk modification. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Changes in Stemness Properties, Differentiation Potential, Oxidative Stress, Senescence and Mitochondrial Function in Wharton’s Jelly Stem Cells of Umbilical Cords of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been associated with an increased risk of maternal and neonatal morbidity. The Wharton’s jelly (WJ) of the umbilical cord (UC) is a useful indicator of the deleterious effects of hyperglycemia on fetal tissues as it represents the fetus embryologically, physiologically and genetically. We studied WJ mesenchymal stem cells (hWJSCs) from UC from mothers without GDM (Normal; n = 3); insulin-controlled GDM mothers (GDMi; n = 3) and diet-controlled GDM mothers (GDMd; n = 3)]. Cell proliferation, stemness markers, telomerase, osteogenic and chondrogenic differentiation, antioxidant enzymes and gene expression for mitochondrial function (ND2, TFAM, PGC1α, and NDUFB9) were significantly lower in GDMi-hWJSCs and GDMd-hWJSCs compared to normal hWJSCs (P < 0.05). On the other hand, cell cycle inhibitors (p16, p21, p27) and p53 were remarkably up-regulated in GDMi-hWJSCs and GDMd-hWJSCs compared to normal hWJSCs. The results from this study confirmed that maternal hyperglycemia even though managed with insulin or diet, induced changes in the properties of the WJ and its cells. These changes may also be observed in fetal tissues and if true, prevention of the onset of gestational diabetes should be a priority over management. Generation of tissues that simulate those of the fetus such as pancreatic and cardiovascular cells from GDM-hWJSCs by direct differentiation or via induced pluripotent stem cell reprogramming provide possible platforms to evaluate the effects of glucose on specific fetal organ. © 2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Hyperglycaemia cause vascular inflammation through advanced glycation end products/early growth response-1 axis in gestational diabetes mellitus; Hyperglycaemia during pregnancy is the main reason for developing diabetes mediated vascular complications. Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are formed due to non-enzymatic glycation of proteins, lipids and nucleic acids during hyperglycaemia. It has the potential to damage vasculature by modifying the substrate or by means of AGEs and receptor of AGE (RAGE) interaction. It has been linked with the pathogenesis of various vascular diseases including coronary heart disease, atherosclerosis, restenosis etc. This study was carried out to investigate the role of AGEs-EGR-1 pathway in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) vascular inflammation. Human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HuVECs) isolated from normal glucose tolerant mothers were subjected to various treatments including high glucose, silencing of early growth response (EGR)-1, blockade of protein kinase C (PKC) β, blocking extracellular signal-regulated protein kinases 1 and 2 (ERK1/2), and treatment with AGEs and assayed for EGR-1, tissue factor (TF) and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule (sICAM)-1. Similarly, umbilical vein endothelial cells isolated from normal and GDM mothers were assayed for EGR-1, TF, and sICAM-1. There was a significant increase in EGR-1 and TF levels in HuVECs isolated form GDM mother’s umbilical cord and normal HuVECs treated with high glucose condition. This was accompanied by elevated levels of sICAM-1 in high glucose treated cells. Our results revealed AGE-mediated activation of EGR-1 and its downstream genes via PKC βII and ERK1/2 signaling pathway. The present study demonstrated a novel mechanism of AGEs/ PKC βII/ ERK1/2/EGR-1 pathway in inducing vascular inflammation in GDM. © 2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Epidemiology of Diabetes and Hearing Loss; Hearing loss is a highly prevalent chronic condition. In addition to age, sex, noise exposure, and genetic predisposition, cardiovascular disease and its antecedents may precipitate hearing loss. Of emerging interest is the connection between diabetes and auditory dysfunction. Cross-sectional studies consistently suggest that prevalence of hearing loss is higher in persons with diabetes compared with those without diabetes, especially among younger persons. Furthermore, longitudinal studies have demonstrated higher incidence of hearing loss in persons with diabetes compared to those without diabetes. These findings seem to hold for both type 1 and type 2 diabetes, although considerably more population-based evidence is available for type 2 diabetes. Data on gestational diabetes and hearing outcomes are limited, as are data relating diabetes to otologic sequelae such as fungal infection. Here, we examine evidence from epidemiologic studies of diabetes and hearing loss and consider clinical and laboratory data where population-based data are lacking. © 2019 Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Early pulmonary vascular disease in preterm infants is associated with late respiratory outcomes in childhood; Rationale: Early pulmonary vascular disease (PVD) after preterm birth is associated with a high risk for developing bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), but its relationship with late respiratory outcomes during early childhood remains uncertain. Objectives: To determine whether PVD at 7 days after preterm birth is associated with late respiratory disease (LRD) during early childhood. Methods: This was a prospective study of preterm infants born before 34 weeks postmenstrual age (PMA). Echocardiograms were performed at 7 days and 36 weeks PMA. Prenatal and early postnatal factors and postdischarge follow-up survey data obtained at 6, 12, 18, and 24 months of age were analyzed in logistic regression models to identify early risk factors for LRD, defined as a physician diagnosis of asthma, reactive airways disease, BPD exacerbation, bronchiolitis, or pneumonia, or a respiratory-related hospitalization during follow-up. Measurements and Main Results: Of the 221 subjects (median, 27 wk PMA; interquartile range, 25-28 and 920 g; interquartile range, 770-1090 g) completing follow-up, 61% met LRD criteria. Gestational diabetes and both mechanical ventilator support and PVD at 7 days were associated with LRD. The combination of PVD and mechanical ventilator support at 7 days was among the strongest prognosticators of LRD (odds ratio, 8.1; confidence interval, 3.1-21.9; P < 0.001). Modeled prenatal and early postnatal factors accurately informed LRD (area under the curve, 0.764). Adding BPD status at 36 weeks PMA to the model did not change the accuracy (area under the curve, 0.771). Conclusions: Early echocardiographic evidence of PVD after preterm birth in combination with other perinatal factors is a strong risk factor for LRD, suggesting that early PVD may contribute to the pathobiology of BPD. Copyright © 2019 by the American Thoracic Society.
Gestational diabetes mellitus in mothers and long term cardiovascular disease in both parents: Results of over a decade follow-up of the Iranian population; Background and aims: We aimed at evaluating whether the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in mothers is associated with increased risk of incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) in both mothers and fathers. Methods: In this population-based study, 4308 Iranian women, aged 18–64 years, with at least 1 live-birth delivery, and free of CVD at baseline, were followed. Corresponding spouses were identified in 2547 cases. The association between history of GDM and incident CVD was assessed using multivariate Cox's proportional hazard in 3 models: model 1, unadjusted; model 2, adjusted for age, body mass index, smoking (for men), maternal parity, miscarriage, physical activity, hypertension and hypercholesterolemia, and model 3, further adjusted for diabetes mellitus. Results: After a median follow-up of 14.1 years, 314 mothers and 424 fathers experienced CVD. Women with history of GDM had an adjusted hazard ratio (HR), 95% CI of 1.85 (1.38–2.48) and 1.29 (0.96–1.75) for CVD in models 1 and 2, respectively. Furthermore, an independent association with CVD was observed in fathers with an adjusted HR of 1.35 (1.02–1.79) in the confounder adjusted model and even after further controlling for diabetes [1.36 (1.03–1.80)]. Moreover, all traditional risk factors, excluding BMI, showed an independent risk for CVD in both genders. Conclusions: Women with prior GDM showed an increased risk of CVD that was not independent of important CVD risk factors. However, among men, spousal history of GDM was an independent risk factor for incident CVD, even after considering important traditional risk factors, including diabetes. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Pregnancy outcomes among women with asthma; Purpose: The purpose of this study is to examine the association between maternal asthma and pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes. Materials and methods:We carried out a retrospective cohort study using the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS) database from 2003 to 2011. Among women who delivered during this time period, we compared pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes in asthmatics versus non-asthmatics. Multivariate logistic regression was used to estimate adjusted odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals. Results: In a cohort of 7,772,999 pregnant women, 223,236 (2.9%) had asthma. The prevalence of asthma-complicated pregnancies rose over the study period from 1.9% in 2003 to 3.7% in 2011 (p <.001). Pregnant asthmatics had more pre-existing health conditions, such as diabetes, chronic hypertension, obesity, and thyroid disease, and were more likely to smoke. Even after adjustment for these comorbidities, and other covariates, within statistical models, asthma was found to be associated with greater risk of several pregnancy complications: gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, placenta previa, preterm premature rupture of membranes, placental abruption, chorioamnionitis, preterm delivery, postpartum hemorrhage, venous thromboembolism, caesarean section delivery, and maternal mortality. Neonates born to asthmatics had greater risk of being small for gestational age and for having congenital anomalies, and lower risk of intrauterine fetal death. Conclusions: Asthma is associated with an increase in adverse pregnancy, labor, and neonatal outcomes. Close surveillance of asthmatic patients during the prenatal period is warranted and care in a tertiary hospital is advised. © 2017, © 2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Indications of fetal echocardiography and detection of congenital heart disease prenatally in tertiary care hospital; Background Congenital Heart Diseases are common childhood congenital anomalies encountered in developed and developing countries. Due to the improved prenatal diagnostic modalities, the diagnosis of cardiac disease is increasing in newborns. Fetal echocardiography is considered a good and accurate diagnostic method for congenital heart disease. Objective To study the common indications of fetal echocardiography and the detection of congenital heart disease in Dhulikhel Hospital, Kathmandu University Hospital. Method In this hospital-based, retrospective study, we reviewed medical records of 324 fetuses who were indicated for fetal echocardiography at Dhulikhel Hospital over 24 months period of time (September 1, 2017 to August 31, 2019). Result The mean age of pregnant women at presentation for fetal echocardiography was 30.7 ± 4.7 years. The mean gestational age at diagnosis was 28.9 ± 4.9 weeks. Among all the pregnant women, 208 (65%) presented during the second trimester and 112 (35%) presented during the third trimester. Maternal indications for fetal echocardiography were seen in48.12% cases, whereas fetal indications were seen in 42.81% cases. The most common indication was for maternal gestational diabetes (30.31%). Among the 324fetal echocardiography results, 65.43% cases had normal findings, echogenic intra-cardiac foci were seen in 18.82% and significant abnormal findings were seen in 15.74% of cases. Among all women having maternal indication for echocardiography, 34 (22.07%) fetus had some form of abnormal findings, whereas only 17 (12.40%) fetus with fetal indication showed abnormal findings (p < 0.05). Conclusion Indication of fetal echocardiography is increasing and can be a good diagnostic tool to improve prognosis and outcome of a newborn. It has become widely used in pediatric cardiology. Raising awareness is necessary regarding the importance of fetal echocardiography in the management and outcome of a newborn with cardiac anomalies. © 2019, Kathmandu University. All rights reserved.
Effects of pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus on macrosomia and birth defects in Upstate New York; Aims: To evaluate the effects of pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on macrosomia and birth defects. Methods: Existing birth registry data from the Perinatal Data System in Upstate New York was analysed. 650,914 women with a singleton term pregnancy (≥37 weeks) aged 18–55 years from 2004 to 2016 were included. Results: The prevalence of macrosomia in infants born to women with PGDM and GDM were 26.0% and 16.4%, respectively, higher than that in the controls (11.2%). Compared with the controls (0.8%), the PGDM and GDM groups had higher prevalence of any birth defect (1.8% and 1.0%). The PGDM group had the highest prevalence of cyanotic heart disease (0.6%). Moreover, the PGDM group had higher prevalence of cleft lip and palate, cleft palate alone, hypospadias and limb reduction defect compared to the GDM and control groups (p < 0.05). However, these birth defects in the GDM group were similar to those in the controls. Both the PGDM and GDM groups had significantly elevated odds of macrosomia, cyanotic heart disease and any birth defect than controls. The PGDM group had higher odds of cleft lip and palate, cleft palate alone, hypospadias and limb reduction defect. Conclusions: Using the Perinatal Data System database, PGDM and GDM, especially PGDM, was associated with higher prevalence of macrosomia, cyanotic heart disease and any birth defect in singleton term pregnancy in Upstate New York. PGDM, not GDM had higher prevalence of cleft lip and palate, cleft palate alone, hypospadias and limb reduction defect. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and macrosomia predispose to diabetes in the Lebanese population; Aims: The Middle East has the fastest rising rate of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) worldwide, with Lebanon having 15.8% of its population affected. This study aims at studying Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS), Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), and macrosomia as risk factors of T2DM in Lebanon. Such epidemiological and statistical study has never been conducted before in the Middle East region and would be useful for clinical diagnosis. Methods: Our cohort is comprised of 1453 Lebanese individuals, with 897 controls and 556 patients. We tested the correlation between T2DM and the covariates GDM, PCOS, and macrosomia independently. We conducted multinomial logistic regression and cross tabulations with T2DM as an outcome. Results: The results showed a significant association of the independent factors GDM and macrosomia with T2DM. The risk of having T2DM was increased by 4.192 times with the GDM, and by 2.315 times with macrosomia respectively. Conclusion: In conclusion, GDM and macrosomia, but not PCOS, are significant risk factors for T2DM in our Lebanese cohort. Our results, reported for the first time in the Middle East, present insights into risk factors management and disease prevention. © 2019
Cardiovascular Disease-Related Morbidity and Mortality in Women with a History of Pregnancy Complications: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: Women with a history of certain pregnancy complications are at higher risk for cardiovascular (CVD) disease. However, most clinical guidelines only recommend postpartum follow-up of those with a history of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, or preterm birth. This systematic review was undertaken to determine if there is an association between a broader array of pregnancy complications and the future risk of CVD. Methods: We systematically searched PubMed, MEDLINE and EMBASE (via Ovid), CINAHL, and the Cochrane Library from inception to September 22, 2017, for observational studies of the association between the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, placental abruption, preterm birth, gestational diabetes mellitus, low birth weight, small-for-gestational-age birth, stillbirth, and miscarriage and subsequent CVD. Likelihood ratio meta-analyses were performed to generate pooled odds ratios (OR) and 95% intrinsic confidence intervals (ICI). Results: Our systematic review included 84 studies (28 993 438 patients). Sample sizes varied from 250 to 2 000 000, with a median follow-up of 7.5 years postpartum. The risk of CVD was highest in women with gestational hypertension (OR 1.7; 95% ICI, 1.3-2.2), preeclampsia (OR 2.7; 95% ICI, 2.5-3.0), placental abruption (OR 1.8; 95% ICI, 1.4-2.3), preterm birth (OR 1.6; 95% ICI, 1.4-1.9), gestational diabetes mellitus (OR 1.7; 95% ICI, 1.1-2.5), and stillbirth (OR 1.5; 95% ICI, 1.1-2.1). A consistent trend was seen for low birth weight and small-for-gestational-age birth weight but not for miscarriage. Conclusions: Women with a broader array of pregnancy complications, including placental abruption and stillbirth, are at increased risk of future CVD. The findings support the need for assessment and risk factor management beyond the postpartum period. © 2019 American Heart Association, Inc.
Concordance of glycaemic and cardiometabolic traits between Indian women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus and their spouses: an opportunity to target the household; Aims/hypothesis: The aim of this study was to investigate the concordance of dysglycaemia (prediabetes or diabetes) and cardiometabolic traits between women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and their spouses. Methods: Using hospital medical records, women with GDM (diagnosed between 2012 and 2016) and their spouses were invited to participate in the study and to attend a scheduled hospital visit in a fasting state. Sociodemographic, anthropometric and medical data were collected, and a 75 g OGTT with serum insulin estimation, HbA1c measurement and fasting lipid profile were performed at the visit. Prediabetes and diabetes were defined using ADA criteria and the metabolic syndrome was defined using IDF criteria. Results: A total of 214 couples participated in the study. Women were tested at a mean ± SD age of 32.4 ± 4.6 years and median (quartile [q]25–q75) of 19.5 (11–44) months following the index delivery, while men were tested at a mean ± SD age of 36.4 ± 5.4 years. A total of 72 (33.6%) couples showed concordance for dysglycaemia, while 99 (46.3%) and 51 (23.8%) couples were concordant for overweight/obesity and the metabolic syndrome, respectively. A total of 146 (68.2%) couples showed concordance for any of the above three factors. The presence of dysglycaemia in one partner was associated with an increased risk of dysglycaemia in the other partner (OR 1.80 [95% CI 1.04, 3.11]). Similarly, being overweight/obese (OR 2.19 [95% CI 1.22, 3.93]) and presence of the metabolic syndrome (OR 2.01 [95% CI 1.16, 3.50]) in one partner was associated with an increased risk of these conditions in the other partner. Both women and men were more likely to have dysglycaemia if they had a partner with dysglycaemia. Women with a partner with dysglycaemia had a significantly higher BMI, waist circumference and diastolic BP, and a significantly higher probability of low HDL-cholesterol (<1.29 mmol/l) and the metabolic syndrome compared with women with a normoglycaemic partner. No such differences were observed for men with or without a partner with dysglycaemia. Conclusions/interpretation: The high degree of spousal concordance found in this study suggests social clustering of glycaemic and cardiometabolic traits among biologically unrelated individuals. This provides us with an opportunity to target the behavioural interventions at the level of the ‘married couple’, which may be a novel and cost-effective method of combating the current diabetes epidemic. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Knowledge and perceptions about pre-diabetes amongst doctors, medical students, and patients in a tertiary care hospital of Islamabad; Objective: To explore the knowledge and perceptions about pre-diabetes screening and management amongst physicians, final year medical students and patients. Method: The cross-sectional observational study was conducted at Shifa International Hospital, Shifa Foundation Clinic and Shifa College of Medicine, Islamabad, Pakistan, from November 2017 to February 2018. A structured questionnaire was used to assess doctors' and final year medical students' knowledge about screening and management of pre-diabetes. A group of patients were also interviewed about pre-diabetes awareness and their primary resources for health-related information. Data was analysed using SPSS 23. Results: Of the 267 participants, there were 85(32%) doctors, 82(31%) medical students and 100(37%) patients. Only 61(71.8%), 44(51.7%) and 34(39.8%) physicians and 53(64.6%), 30(36.5%) and 26(31.6%) students could accurately identify impaired fasting blood glucose, glycated haemoglobin and impaired glucose tolerance criteria for pre-diabetes, respectively. Regarding risk factors for pre-diabetes screening, ethnicity, cardiovascular diseases and gestational diabetes were identified by 8(9.4%), 6(7.1%) and 9(10.6%) physicians and 10(12.2%), 6(7.3%) and 15(18.3%) students, respectively. There was no statistically significant relation of correct identification of pre-diabetes criteria with specialties, designations and years of experience post-qualification (p>0.5). Only 3(3%) patients were aware of pre-diabetes or borderline diabetes. Conclusion: Knowledge and perception of doctors, medical students and patients about pre-diabetes was found to be deficient. Efforts are required to reinforce its identification and management at all levels. © 2019, Pakistan Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Women's and healthcare providers’ perceptions of long-term complications associated with hypertension and diabetes in pregnancy: a qualitative study; Objectives: A diagnosis of hypertensive disorders during pregnancy (HDPs) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is highly predictive of women at increased risk of developing chronic hypertension, Type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. This study investigates perceptions of women and healthcare providers in rural India regarding these long-term risks. Design: Qualitative study using modified grounded theory. Setting: Two states in rural India: Haryana and Andhra Pradesh. Population: Pregnant and postpartum women, community health workers (CHWs), primary care physicians, obstetricians, laboratory technicians, and healthcare officials. Methods: In-depth interviews and focus group discussions explored: (1) priorities for high-risk pregnant women; (2) detection and management of HDPs and GDM; (3) postpartum management, and (4) knowledge of long-term sequelae of high-risk conditions. A thematic analysis was undertaken. Results: Seven focus group discussions and 11 in-depth interviews (n = 71 participants) were performed. The key priority area for high-risk pregnant women was anaemia. Blood pressure measurement was routinely embedded in antenatal care; however, postpartum follow up and knowledge of the long-term complications were limited. GDM was not considered a common problem, although significant variations and challenges to GDM screening were identified. Knowledge of the long-term sequelae of GDM with regard to an increased risk of Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease among doctors was minimal. Conclusions: There is a need for improved education, standardisation of testing and postpartum follow up of HDPs and GDM in rural Indian settings. Tweetable abstract: Improved education and postpartum care of women with hypertension and diabetes in pregnancy in rural India are needed to prevent long-term risks. © 2019 The Authors BJOG: An International Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term risk of maternal renal disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis protocol; Introduction Adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes (GDM) and preterm birth have been linked to maternal cardiovascular disease in later life. Pre-eclampsia (PE) is associated with an increased risk of postpartum microalbuminuria, but there is no clear consensus on whether HDP increases the risk of maternal chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). Similarly, it is uncertain whether GDM, preterm birth and delivery of low birth-weight infants independently predict the risk of maternal renal disease in later life. The aims of this proposed systematic review and meta-analysis are to summarise the available evidence examining the association between adverse outcomes of pregnancy (HDP, GDM, preterm birth, delivery of low birth-weight infant) and later maternal renal disease and to synthesise the results of relevant studies. Methods and analysis A systematic search of PubMed, EMBASE and Web of Science will be undertaken using a detailed prespecified search strategy. Two authors will independently review the titles and abstracts of all studies, perform data extraction and appraise the quality of included studies using a bias classification tool. Original case-control and cohort studies published in English will be considered for inclusion. Primary outcomes of interest will be CKD and ESKD; secondary outcomes will be hospitalisation for renal disease and deaths from renal disease. Meta-analyses will be performed to calculate the overall pooled estimates using the generic inverse variance method. The systematic review will follow the Meta-analyses Of Observational Studies in Epidemiology guidelines. Ethics and dissemination This systematic review and meta-analysis will be based on published data, and thus there is no requirement for ethics approval. The results will be shared through publication in a peer reviewed journal and through presentations at academic conferences. © Author(s) 2019. Published by BMJ.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes among pregnant women with fibromyalgia: a population-based study of 12 million births; Purpose: Fibromyalgia (FM) is a rheumatologic disorder marked by chronic, widespread pain and associated comorbid conditions. The purpose of our study was to evaluate the effect of FM on maternal and neonatal outcomes. Methods: Using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample from 1999 to 2013, we conducted a population-based retrospective cohort study consisting of women who delivered during that period. Logistic regression was used to compare maternal and neonatal outcomes among pregnancies in women with and without FM. Results: Of 12 584 918 births during the 15-year study period, 7758 (0.06%) were to women with FM with rates increasing over the study period. Women with FM were more commonly older in age, overweight or obese, and users of alcohol, tobacco, and illicit drugs. They were more likely to experience anxiety, depression, and bipolar disorder. Women with FM were at greater risk of gestational diabetes, preterm premature rupture of membranes, and placental abruption. Women with FM more commonly had cesarean deliveries (odds ratios (OR): 1.11, 95% CI: 1.05–1.16) and births complicated by venous thromboembolism (OR: 2.34, 95% CI: 1.91–2.86). Infants of women with FM were more likely to be premature (OR: 1.35, 95% CI: 1.25–1.46) and have intrauterine growth restriction (OR: 1.48, 95% CI: 1.30–1.68). Conclusions: The prevalence of FM in pregnancy is rising in the US. FM is a high-risk pregnancy condition associated with adverse maternal and newborn outcomes. © 2017, © 2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Quality assessment indicators in antenatal care worldwide: a systematic review; Purpose: To describe indicators used for the assessment of antenatal care (ANC) quality worldwide under the World Health Organization (WHO) framework and based on a systematic review of the literature. Data sources: Searches were performed in MEDLINE, SciELO, BIREME and Web of Science for eligible studies published between January 2002 and September 2016. Study selection: Original articles describing women who had received ANC, any ANC model and, any ANC quality indicators were included. Data extraction: Publication date, study design and ANC process indicators were extracted. Results of data synthesis: Of the total studies included, 69 evaluated at least one type of ANC process indicator. According to WHO ANC guidelines, 8.7% of the articles reported healthy eating counseling and 52.2% iron and folic acid supplementation. The evaluation indicators on maternal and fetal interventions were: syphilis testing (55.1%), HIV testing (47.8%), gestational diabetes mellitus screening (40.6%) and ultrasound (27.5%). Essential ANC activities assessment ranged from 26.1% report of fetal heart sound, 50.7% of maternal weight and 63.8% of blood pressure. Regarding preventive measures recommended by WHO, tetanus vaccine was reported in 60.9% of the articles. Interventions performed by health services to improve use and quality of ANC care, promotion of maternal and fetal health, and the number of visits to the ANC were evaluated in 65.2% of the studies. Conclusion: Numerous ANC content indicators are being used to assess ANC quality. However, there is a need to use standardized indicators across countries and efforts to improve quality evaluation. © 2018 The Author(s) 2018. Published by Oxford University Press in association with the International Society for Quality in Health Care. All rights reserved.
Hypertension and Preeclampsia in Pregnancy Complicated by Diabetes; Hypertensive disorders are one of the most common disorders that affect pregnant women. Preeclampsia (PE) complicates 4-6% of all pregnancies and is a leading cause of maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. Both pregestational and gestational diabetes have a significant impact on the placentation process and contribute to an increased risk in developing PE and obstetric complications. The most significant clinical risk factors for PE in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients are first trimester obesity, excessive gestational weight gain, GDM diagnosis prior to 20 weeks' gestation, poor glycemic control in the third trimester, and severity of fasting hyperglycemia at the time of OGTT. In pregnancy complicated by type 1 diabetes, the highest rate of PE occurred in women with a longer duration of diabetes, microvascular complications, chronic hypertension, and poor glycemic control during pregnancy. PE is recognized as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and stroke, and several studies have shown that it is also a risk factor for future diabetes; women with pregestational diabetes who develop PE are also at risk for diabetic complications later in life. © 2020 S. Karger AG, Basel. All rights reserved.
Secular trends in pregnancy rates, delivery outcomes, and related health care utilization among women with congenital heart disease; Background: The number of women with congenital heart disease (CHD) of reproductive age is increasing, yet a description of trends in pregnancy and delivery outcomes in this population is lacking. Objective: To assess secular trends in pregnancy rates, delivery outcomes, and related health care utilization in the adult female CHD population in Quebec, Canada. Methods: The Quebec CHD database was used to construct a cohort with all women with CHD aged 18-45 years between 1992 and 2004. Pregnancy and delivery rates were determined yearly and compared to the general population. Secular trends in pregnancy and delivery rates were assessed with linear regression. The cesarean delivery rate in the CHD population was compared to the general population. Predictors of cesarean section were determined with multivariable logistic regression. Cox regression, adjusted for comorbidities, was used to analyze the impact of cesarean sections on 1-year health care use following delivery. Results: About 14 878 women were included. A total of 10 809 pregnancies were identified in 5641 women, of whom 4551 (80%) and 2528 (45%) experienced at least one delivery and/or abortion, respectively. Absolute yearly numbers and rates of pregnancies and deliveries increased during the study period (P <.05). The increment in cesarean section rates was more pronounced among women with CHD than among the general population. Gestational diabetes (OR 1.50, 95% CI [1.13, 1.99]), gestational hypertension (OR 1.81, 95% CI [1.27, 2.57]), and preeclampsia (OR 1.59, 95% CI [1.11, 2.8]) were independent predictors of cesarean delivery. Cesarean sections were associated with postpartum cardiac-hospitalization within 1 year following delivery (HR = 2.35, 95% CI [1.05, 5.28]). Conclusions: Yearly numbers and rates of pregnancies and deliveries in adult females with CHD rose significantly during the study period. Cesarean sections led to increased health care utilization. Further research is required to determine causes of high cesarean section rates in this patient population. © 2019 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Maternal nutrition and offspring stress response—implications for future development of non-communicable disease: A perspective from india; Psychological stress is recognized as a major modifiable risk factor for adult non-communicable disease (NCD) that includes depression, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease. Dysregulation of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis activity resulting in either exaggerated or blunted cortisol responses, and altered autonomic cardiovascular control have been thought to underlie this association. The developmental origins hypothesis proposes that impaired nutrition during fetal and early postnatal growth is associated with a higher NCD risk later in life. Maternal nutrients are vital for fetal growth and development, and both maternal undernutrition and over nutrition as in the case of gestational diabetes are associated with higher NCD risk markers in the offspring. Recent studies suggest that fetal exposure to maternal nutritional imbalances may permanently alter cortisol and cardio-sympathetic stress-responsiveness, which may link early life nutrition with adult disease risk. A few recent studies that examined the association between low birth weight as a marker of fetal undernutrition and stress response in humans showed that lower birth weight was associated with an altered HPA axis and cardiovascular sympathetic nervous system responses to stress in adults as well as in children. In addition, altered stress responses in relation to gestational diabetes have been noted. In this paper, we present available evidence from India for the association between maternal nutrition and offspring stress responsiveness against the backdrop of global evidence, and discuss its role in the escalating NCD rates in this population. We also discuss the scope for future studies in India and other transitioning countries. © 2019 Krishnaveni and Srinivasan.
Women-specific predictors of cardiovascular disease risk - new paradigms; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in women in spite of the overall reduction in age-adjusted CVD mortality in the past few years. Although traditional risk factors for CVD are predictors of increased risk in both men and women, risk factors that are unique to women and related to their reproductive history have recently been considered to be important. The development of CVD in women may correlate with specific events taking place throughout a woman's obstetric and gynaecological history. Gynaecological conditions such as polycystic ovary syndrome, premature ovarian failure, surgical and spontaneous menopause, and conditions related to pregnancy, i.e. gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, miscarriages, and preterm birth, may affect the onset, clinical features, and prognosis of CVD later in women's lives. These pathological conditions that develop during the fertile period of life or peri-menopause have been suggested to be early markers of future CVD; their presence presents a unique opportunity for the early identification of women who may be at an increased risk of CVD. The assessment of CV risk in women should not just focus on conventional risk factors but also on different aspects of the gynaecological history to allow specific preventive and therapeutic strategies to be established. This paper reviews the various pathological conditions occurring in women during their fertile period of life and peri-menopause, which have been identified to potentially increase CVD risk. © 2019
Study on profile of pregnancy outcomes in a tertiary care hospital in Trichy, South India; Introduction: Globally, an estimate of 210 million women become pregnant each year; out of them 15 to 20% results in miscarriage. Antepartum hemorrhage, abruption, hypertensive disorders including eclampsia, premature rupture of membrane, gestational diabetes, and many more complications have been known to precipitate adverse pregnancy outcomes. Decentralized maternal and child health services have greatly expanded coverage; however, hospitals remain the cornerstone of pregnancy related care. High level obstetric services, such as cesarean delivery and blood transfusion must be available in emergency referral situations to reduce the adverse outcomes. Hence, a retrospective record based study was done to determine various outcomes of pregnancy. Methodology: A record based study on profile of pregnant women who had delivered in Tertiary Care Hospital for a period of 1 year from Jan 2017 – Dec 2017. Data entered and analysed using SPSS V.15.0 and presented in a form of tables. Results: Among 916 pregnant women, 72.9% were Hindus, 14.5% of people were Christians and 12.6% were Muslims. About 51.6% were in the age group of 19 – 25 years and 92.6% were free from co-morbidities. Of 916 women studied 46.2% delivered normally. Conclusion: High-level obstetric services will improve the pregnancy outcomes. Adverse outcomes can be reduced by preventing the mothers from developing risk factors through effective antenatal and intrapartum care. © 2019, Indian Journal of Public Health Research and Development. All rights reserved.
Erratum: Increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: A population-based cohort study (PLoS Medicine (2018) 15:1 (e1002488) DOI: 10.1371/journal.pmed.1002488); The authors misinterpreted a result within Reference 35 (Fadl et al) and therefore reported it incorrectly in the text of their article. The sentence that includes the reference, the sixth sentence within the second paragraph of the Discussion section, should read: “In addition, a large Swedish case-control study also utilizing hospital records reported an association between cardiovascular events [OR = 1.51; 95% CI 1.07-214] and women previously diagnosed with GDM [35]. © 2019 Daly et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Prospective longitudinal assessment of the fetal left modified Myocardial Performance Index;                              Introduction: The fetal left modified Myocardial Performance Index (Mod-myocardial performance index (MPI)) is a measure of systolic versus diastolic time intervals obtained from a single cardiac cycle with ultrasound. It is a measure of global ventricular function and has been investigated for potential utility in fetal conditions associated with cardiac dysfunction. Objectives: The objective of this study is to compare values from a precisely replicated fetal left Mod-MPI technique to published reference ranges. Methods: Three hundred and sixty-five nulliparae prospectively underwent fetal left Mod-MPI measurement at 27                             +0                             –29                             +0                              and 35                             +0                             –37                             +0                              weeks’ gestation. Measurements from pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, or a small-for-gestational-age (<10th centile) infant were excluded. Mod-MPI values were compared with three published references created using similar measurement techniques. Results: Compared with one selected reference, at 29                             +0                              and 35                             +0                             –37                             +0                              weeks’ gestation, 90–100% of our values fell within the 5th–95th percentile range as expected. Thus, this reference range was validated for our population in late pregnancy. However, the expected level of concordance was not seen at 27                             +0                             –28                             +6                              weeks’. The other two references to which we compared our Mod-MPI values demonstrated poor concordance, especially at 27                             +0                             –29                             +0                              weeks’. Pearson interobserver correlation was also improved at 35                             +0                             –37                             +0                              weeks’ at 0.434, compared with 0.083 at 27                             +0                             –29                             +0                              weeks’ gestation. Conclusions: Concordance and interobserver variability between our cohort and similar populations were both improved at 35                             +0                             –37                             +0                              weeks’ compared with 27                             +0                             –29                             +0                              weeks’ gestation. Overall, variable Mod-MPI reproducibility across gestations limits clinical application, especially earlier in pregnancy. Manual Mod-MPI measurement should be considered most reliable in late pregnancy until automated MPI measurement is possible.                          © 2017, © 2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Gender differences in stroke risk factors; Currently, there are a lot of studies on gender-related risk factors for stroke. However, contradictory data and the lack of a common view on the problem of gender-based approach to stroke prevention determine the importance of this problem. The most significant sex-non-specific stroke risk factors are hypertension, cardiac conditions, including atrial fibrillation, smoking, glucose and lipid metabolism disorders, excessive alcohol consumption, overweight, low physical activity and sedentary lifestyle, emotional stress. However, the incidence and significance of each stroke risk factor in women are different compared with men, due to wom-en’s reproductive status. Hypertension, atrial fibrillation, diabetes mellitus, abdominal obesity, migraine with aura, emotional stress and depression are more common risk factors in women compared to men. The stroke risk factors unique to women are the timing of age at menarche, pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, hormonal status disturbances, the use of combined oral contraceptives and hormone replacement therapy. © 2019, Media Sphera Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Intrauterine metformin exposure and offspring cardiometabolic risk factors (PedMet study): a 5–10 year follow-up of the PregMet randomised controlled trial; Background: Metformin is increasingly used to treat gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes in pregnancy, and in attempts to improve pregnancy outcomes in polycystic ovary syndrome and obesity. It passes across the placenta with possible long-term consequences for the offspring. We previously explored the effect of metformin, given to women with polycystic ovary syndrome during pregnancy, on children's growth up to 4 years of age. In this 5–10 year follow-up, we examined the cardiometabolic risk factors in these children. Methods: This is a follow-up of children from the PregMet study, a double-blind, randomised controlled trial comparing metformin with placebo in polycystic ovary syndrome pregnancies. In the PregMet study, between Feb 4, 2005, and Jan 27, 2009, 257 pregnant women aged 18–45 years with polycystic ovary syndrome according to the Rotterdam criteria were included with 274 singleton pregnancies at 5–12 weeks of gestation at 11 study centres in Norway. 17 women participated twice. Pregnant women were randomised to metformin (2000 mg/day) or placebo from inclusion in the first trimester to birth. Randomisation was stratified according to metformin use at conception. In this follow-up, the primary endpoint was body-mass index (BMI) in the offspring at 5-10 years of age assessed by the standard deviation score (Z score). The primary endpoint was analysed with independent sample t tests. ClinicalTrials.gov number NCT00159536. Findings: Of the 255 invited children from the PregMet study, 141 (55%) consented to participate and were included between April 29, 2014, and July 12, 2016. Maternal baseline characteristics in the first trimester were similar between groups. Children in the metformin group had a higher BMI Z score than those in the placebo group (difference in means=0·41, 95% CI 0·03–0·78, p=0·03). Interpretation: The increased BMI in metformin-exposed children might indicate a potential risk of inferior cardiometabolic health. Implications for adult health cannot be excluded. Funding: The Research Council of Norway, Novo Nordisk Foundation, St Olavs University Hospital, and the Norwegian University of Science and Technology. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
Gut microbiota and probiotic intervention as a promising therapeutic for pregnant women with cardiometabolic disorders: Present and future directions; Maternal cardiometabolic disorders, such as gestational diabetes mellitus, pre-eclampsia, obesity, and dyslipidemia, are the most common conditions that predispose offspring to risk for future cardiometabolic diseases, needing appropriate therapeutic approach. The implications of microbiota in the pathophysiology of maternal cardiometabolic disorders are progressively emerging and probiotics may be a simple and safe therapeutic strategy for maternal cardiometabolic management. In this review, we argue the importance of cardiometabolic dysfunction during pregnancy and/or lactation on the offspring risk for cardiometabolic disease in later life. In addition, we comprehensively discuss the microbial diversity observed in maternal cardiometabolic disorders and we present the main findings on probiotic intervention as a potential strategy for management of maternal cardiometabolic disorders. Current data reveal that gut microbiota may be transmitted from mother to offspring. Whether targeting microbiota with probiotic intervention during the periconceptional period prevents or delays the onset of cardiometabolic disorders in adult offspring should be tested in future clinical trials. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
Maternal Long-Term Outcomes after a Pregnancy Complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; In the majority of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), glucose tolerance normalizes shortly after pregnancy. Nevertheless, GDM is one of the strongest predictors of subsequent type 2 diabetes (T2DM), which will develop in around half of the women with previous GDM. The pathophysiological traits from pregnancies complicated by GDM, which can be found several years after birth, and how these traits may influence abnormal glucose tolerance later in life are described. GDM shares pathophysiological traits with T2DM and includes increased inflammatory response, altered incretin effect, and changes in the microbiota. Furthermore, common T2DM risk gene variants are also more common in women with GDM. In addition to diabetes and prediabetes, women with a history of GDM are at risk of cardiovascular disease including hypertension, dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance. Regular follow-up screening for hyperglycemia is recommended in women with previous GDM, but the cost - benefit of this is not fully known. A healthy lifestyle is generally recommended, based on common sense and a few long-term intervention studies. © 2020 S. Karger AG, Basel. All rights reserved.
Prevalence of and risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus in South Africa; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse maternal, fetal and perinatal complications. Without appropriate glucose management, women with GDM and their offspring have an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes and other metabolic conditions later in life, thereby adding to the growing burden of non-communicable diseases (NCDs). This review provides an update of GDM in South Africa (SA), showing that its prevalence is increasing, and highlights treatment and management strategies currently employed. Although the increase in GDM prevalence may partly be due to less stringent diagnostic criteria, the role of the increasing obesogenic environment in SA is an additional factor. Future research should focus on reducing the rising obesity epidemic and in so doing aim to prevent the development of GDM in SA. Such initiatives will have a positive impact on decreasing maternal and child morbidity and mortality and the future burden of NCDs. © 2019, South African Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Gestational Weight Gain Particularly Affects the Risk of Large for Gestational Age Infants in Non-obese Mothers; Introduction The birth of a large for gestational age (LGA) infant is a significant risk factor for birth complications and maternal morbidity and an even higher risk factor for offspring obesity, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease in later life. Relevant factors affecting the risk of delivering an LGA infant are maternal pre-gravid obesity, excessive gestational weight gain exceeding the recommendations of the Institute of Medicine (IOM) and diabetes in pregnancy. We aimed to determine what matters most in terms of the risk of fetal overgrowth. Materials and Methods We performed a database analysis of 12 701 singleton term deliveries documented in our university hospital birth registry from 2003 to 2014. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to determine the adjusted odds ratios. Results Excessive weight gain had the strongest impact on LGA (OR: 1.249 [95% CI: 1.018 - 1.533]) compared to maternal pre-gravid body mass index (BMI) (OR: 1.083 [95% CI: 1.066 - 1.099]) and diabetes (OR: 1.315 [95% CI: 0.997 - 1.734]). Keeping gestational weight gain within the recommendations of the IOM resulted in a risk reduction for LGA of 20% (OR: 0.801 [95% CI: 0.652 - 0.982]). The risk for LGA increases by 6.9% with each kg weight gain. Normal weight women (BMI 18.5 - 24.9 kg/m 2) and moderately overweight women (BMI 25 - 29.9 kg/m 2) showed the highest increase in LGA rates per kg weight gain during pregnancy (OR: 1.078 [95% CI: 1.052 - 1.104] and OR: 1.058 [95% CI: 1.026 - 1.09], resp.). Only in underweight (< 18.5 kg/m 2) and normal weight women the risk of LGA birth is strongly influenced by diabetes (OR 11.818 [95% CI: 1.156-120.782] and 1.564 [95% CI: 1.013-2.415]). Conclusion Excessive weight gain is particularly important for non-obese women. These women are therefore a target cohort for intervention, as each prevented additional kilogram weight gain reduces the risk of LGA by more than 5%. © 2019 Georg Thieme Verlag. All rights reserved.
The diagnosis of early fetal cardiac changes of the gestational diabetic mothers: Presenting the preload index; Objectives: To evaluate fetal cardiac changes in gestational diabetic mothers, compared to healthy ones by means of different indices and to determine which index can first represent the alterations. Methods: The study was conducted as an observational cross-sectional study, including 25 pregnant women with gestational diabetes as the cases and 50 healthy pregnant women as the controls. The preload index, left and right side myocardial performance index (MPI), Interventricular septal hypertrophy, the left and right side cardiac output were assessed in all the patients. Results: The gestational ages were 31.65 ± 8.02 and 31.64 ± 5.37 weeks in case and control group respectively, without any significant difference. Both of the left and right ventricular MPI did not differ statistically between the case and controls. The cases had a greater Interventricular septal hypertrophy but the cardiac output was similar. The preload index was higher in the fetuses of the gestational diabetic mothers. Conclusions: In our study, the MPI did not show any difference between the fetuses of the gestational diabetic mothers and non-diabetic ones; but, fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers had a greater value of PLI, representing early diastolic function changes in right heart even before the overt heart failure occurred. This could be a sign of vasculopathy in gestational diabetic mothers. Copyright © 2019, Author(s).
Pregnancy Outcomes in Women with Spinal Cord Injuries: A Population-Based Study; Background: Pregnant women with congenital or acquired spinal cord injury face challenges due to compromised neurologic function and mobility, factors that may also affect fetal/infant health. Few studies have examined pregnancy course and longer-term outcomes in this population. Objective: To assess pregnancy outcomes among women with spinal cord injury, paralysis, or spina bifida using population-based data. Design: Retrospective cohort study. Setting: Washington state linked birth-hospital discharge records. Participants: All women (N = 529) with spinal cord injury, paralysis, or spina bifida with singleton live birth deliveries 1987-2012, and a comparison group of women without disabilities (N = 5282). Methods: Diagnosis codes were screened to identify cases and a 10:1 random sample of comparison women. Relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated overall and separately for each condition using multivariable regression. Subsequent hospitalizations or death were identified via linkage to hospital discharge/death records for 2 years after delivery. Main Outcome Measurements: Pregnancy course (weight gain, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, infection, venous thromboembolism), delivery/labor characteristics, infant characteristics (birthweight/size, gestational age), and longer-term outcomes (occurrence/reasons for maternal/infant rehospitalization, mortality). Results: Women with these spinal conditions had increased adjusted risks of prenatal urinary tract infection/pyelonephritis (RR 26.43, 95% CI 13.97-49.99), venous thromboembolism (RR 9.16, 95% CI 2.17-38.60), preterm rupture of membranes (RR 2.15, 95% CI 1.18-3.90), and cesarean delivery (RR 1.88, 95% CI 1.70-2.09). They had longer hospitalizations and increased rehospitalization (RR 1.54, 95% CI 1.28-1.87), including for postpartum depression (RR 8.15, 4.29-15.48) or injury (RR 13.05, 95% CI 6.60-25.81). Their infants were more often small for gestational age (RR 1.65, 95% CI 1.33-2.06), but had no increased risk of rehospitalization or death. Conclusions: We observed no increased long-term morbidity among infants of women with these conditions. Possible increased maternal morbidities during the first postpartum years indicate areas for intervention. Level of Evidence: III. © 2019 American Academy of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation
Impact of exercise during pregnancy on gestational weight gain and birth weight: an overview; Objective: This article presents the state of knowledge related to the impact of exercise on gestational weight gain and birth weight. Transcendence of baby weight: Birth weight is an important indicator of intrauterine environment and maternal and newborn health. There are several factors that can affect birth weight including mother's pre-pregnancy Body Mass Index (BMI), gestational weight gain, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), chronic diabetes and gestational age at birth. Impact of exercise during pregnancy: Physical exercise has the potential to prevent excessive gestational weight gain, GDM and the potential complications associated with obesity during pregnancy. Therefore, women who regularly exercise during pregnancy are more likely to have an appropriate gestational weight gain and in turn, an appropriate birth weight infant, preventing being LGA without increasing risk of SGA, and this reduces risk factors for later life chronic disease development in the child including cardiovascular disease, obesity and diabetes. Recommendations: It would be advisable to promote compliance with physical activity and exercise recommendations during pregnancy by using the specific resources to prescribe exercise to pregnant women without obstetric contraindications. © 2018 Associação Brasileira de Pesquisa e Pós-Graduação em Fisioterapia
Sex and gender-specific aspects in prediabetes and diabetes mellitus—clinical recommendations (Update 2019); Metabolic diseases dramatically affect the life of men and women from infancy up to old age in different and manifold ways and are a major challenge for the healthcare system. The treating physicians are confronted with the different needs of women and men in the clinical routine. Gender-specific differences affect screening, diagnostic and treatment strategies as well as the development of complications and mortality rates. Impairments in glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution and therefore the associated cardiovascular diseases, are greatly influenced by steroidal and sex hormones. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors play an important role in the development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at a younger age and at a lower body mass index (BMI) compared to women but women feature a dramatic increase in the risk of diabetes-associated cardiovascular diseases after the menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with a higher increase in vascular complications in women but a higher increase of cancer deaths in men. In women prediabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavorable changes in coagulation and higher blood pressure. Women with prediabetes and diabetes have a much higher relative risk for vascular diseases. Women are more often morbidly obese and less physically active but may have an even greater benefit in health and life expectation from increased physical activity than men. In weight loss studies men often showed a higher weight loss than women; however, diabetes prevention is similarly effective in men and women with prediabetes with a risk reduction of nearly 40%. Nevertheless, a long-term reduction in all cause and cardiovascular mortality was so far only observed in women. Men predominantly feature increased fasting blood glucose levels, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) as well as increased androgen levels in women and the presence of erectile dysfunction or decreased testosterone levels in men are important sex-specific risk factors for the development of diabetes. Many studies showed that women with diabetes reach their target values for HbA1c, blood pressure and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons are unclear. Furthermore, sex differences in the effects, pharmacokinetics and side effects of pharmacological treatment should be taken more into consideration. © 2018, The Author(s).
Associations between fatty acid-binding protein 4–a proinflammatory adipokine and insulin resistance, gestational and type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; There is ample scientific evidence to suggest a link between the fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) and insulin resistance, gestational (GDM), and type 2 (T2DM) diabetes mellitus. This novel proinflammatory adipokine is engaged in the regulation of lipid metabolism at the cellular level. The molecule takes part in lipid oxidation, the regulation of transcription as well as the synthesis of membranes. An involvement of FABP4 in the pathogenesis of obesity and insulin resistance seems to be mediated via FABP4-dependent peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) inhibition. A considerable number of studies have shown that plasma concentrations of FABP4 is increased in obesity and T2DM, and that circulating FABP4 levels are correlated with certain clinical parameters, such as body mass index, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. Since plasma-circulating FABP4 has the potential to modulate the function of several types of cells, it appears to be of extreme interest to try to develop potential therapeutic strategies targeting the pathogenesis of metabolic diseases in this respect. In this manuscript, representing a detailed review of the literature on FABP4 and the abovementioned metabolic disorders, various mechanisms of the interaction of FABP4 with insulin signaling pathways are thoroughly discussed. Clinical aspects of insulin resistance in diabetic patients, including women diagnosed with GDM, are analyzed as well. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Diabetes & Women's Health (DWH) Study: An observational study of long-term health consequences of gestational diabetes, their determinants and underlying mechanisms in the USA and Denmark; Purpose Women who experience gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at exceptionally high-risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM) later in life. However, limited information is available about genetic and environmental factors that are implicated in the progression from GDM to T2DM. Participants The Diabetes & Women's Health (DWH) Study applied a hybrid design, which combined new prospective data collection with existing data in two prospective cohorts, the Danish National Birth Cohort (DNBC) and the Nurses' Health Study II (NHS II). In total, the DWH Study identified 7759 women with a GDM diagnosis from both cohorts; 4457 women participated in the DWH Study data collection, which included two cycles of follow-up from 2012 to 2014 and 2014 to 2016. Findings to date Progression from GDM to T2DM was high. In the NHS II group, by 2013, 23.1% (n=846/3667) developed T2DM. In the DNBC group, at cycle 1 (2012-2014), the progression rate was even higher: 27.2% (n=215/790) had developed T2DM. Furthermore, we have shown that women who had GDM experienced a significantly greater risk of hypertension and cardiovascular diseases, as well as early stages of glomerular hyperfiltration and renal damage. Moreover, the DWH Study findings have shown that healthful diet and lifestyle factors and weight control were related to a lower risk of T2DM, hypertension and cardiovascular diseases. Future plans Primary data collection for the DWH Study is complete and investigators are currently investigating interactions of the abovementioned modifiable factors with T2DM genetic susceptibility in determining the risk of progression from GDM to T2DM. Findings from ongoing work will provide further insights for identifying more precise prevention strategies for T2DM and comorbidities in this high-risk population. Future work will examine novel biomarkers of health and disease in this cohort. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Urinary metabolites altered during the third trimester in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus: Relationship with potential upcoming metabolic disorders; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a disorder in pregnancy with highest impact in the future life of both mother and newborn. Increasing incidence, economic impact, and potential for severe GDM-related pregnancy complications are some factors that have motivated the deep study of physiopathology, risk factors for developing GDM, and potential biomarkers for its diagnosis. In the present pilot study, we analyzed the urinary metabolome profile of GDM patients in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy, when GDM is already established and the patients are under dietary and pharmacological control. An untargeted metabolomics method based on liquid chromatography–mass spectrometry analysis was developed to identify differentially expressed metabolites in the GDM group. We identified 14 metabolites that are significantly upregulated in the urine of GDM patients, and, more importantly, we identified those related with the steroid hormone biosynthesis and tryptophan (TRP) metabolism pathways, which are associated with GDM pathophysiology. Thus, these metabolites could be screened as potential prognostic biomarkers of type two diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease and chronic renal failure in future follow-up studies with GDM patients. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Induction of labor versus expectant management for gestational diabetes mellitus at term; Purpose: To evaluate whether induction of labor (IOL), as compared with expectant management, in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers at term (between 370/7 and 406/7), decreases caesarean section (CS) rate and the rate of adverse composite neonatal outcomes. Methods: A retrospective cohort study, of all women with GDM and a singleton gestation who delivered at term in a single, tertiary, university-affiliated medical center (2007–2014). We compared outcomes of women who underwent IOL at each week of gestation between 370/7 and 406/7 weeks with women who were managed expectantly. The primary outcome was CS rate. Results: Overall, 2472 GDM patients included in the study, of which 880 women had IOL. CS rate was not found to be significantly different between the groups at any gestational age. IOL at 37 weeks was associated with adverse composite neonatal outcome (aOR 2.2, 95% CI 1.4–3.6) and NICU admission (aOR 2.5, 95% CI 1.4–4.4). At 38 weeks, with NICU admission (aOR 2.0, 95% CI 1.4–2.9), and at 39 weeks with fracture of the clavicle. In a sub-analysis of nulliparous women, IOL at 37 weeks had higher odds of NICU admission and adverse composite neonatal outcomes, at 38 weeks with CS and at 39 weeks with fracture of the clavicle. Conclusions: IOL in GDM mothers at term does not reduce CS rate and may be associated with increased CS rate among nulliparous women at 38 weeks. It is also associated with increased risk for adverse composite neonatal outcome or NICU admission when done prior to 390/7 weeks. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
The effects of a low gi diet on cardiometabolic and inflammatory parameters in patients with type 2 and gestational diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; The prevalence of diabetes is increasing globally, and its effect on patients and the healthcare system can be significant. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes are well established risk factors for cardiovascular disease, and strategies for managing these conditions include dietary interventions, such as the use of a low glycemic index (GI) diet. Aims: This review aimed to evaluate the effects of a low GI diet on the cardio-metabolic and inflammatory parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes and women with GDM and assess whether the effects are different in these conditions. Methods: This review was based on the preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses (PRISMA) guidelines. Three databases (EMBASE, Pubmed, and PsycINFO) were searched from inception to 20 February 2019 using search terms that included synonyms and Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) in line with the population, intervention, comparator, outcomes, and studies (PICOS) framework. Studies were evaluated for the quality and risk of bias. Results: 10 randomised controlled studies were included in the systematic review, while 9 were selected for the meta-analysis. Two distinct areas were identified: the effect of a low GI diet on lipid profile and the effect of a low GI diet on inflammatory parameters. The results of the metaanalysis showed that there were no significant differences (p > 0.05) between the low GI and higher GI diets with respect to total cholesterol, HDL, and LDL cholesterol in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, there was a significant difference (p = 0.027) with respect to triglyceride which increased by a mean of 0.06 mmol/L (0.01, 0.11) in patients with type 2 diabetes on higher GI diet. With respect to the women with GDM, the findings from the systematic review were not consistent in terms of the effect of a low GI diet on the lipid profile. The results of the meta-analysis did not show significant differences (p > 0.05) between low GI and higher GI diets with respect to adiponectin and C-reactive proteins in patients with type 2 diabetes, but a significant difference (p < 0.001) was observed between the two groups in relation to interleukin–6. Conclusion: This systematic review and meta-analysis have demonstrated that there were no significant differences (p > 0.05) between the low GI and higher GI diets in relation to total cholesterol–HDL and LDL cholesterol–in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, a significant difference (p < 0.05) was observed between the two groups with respect to triglyceride in patients with type 2 diabetes. The results of the effect of a low GI diet on the lipid profile in patients with GDM were not consistent. With respect to the inflammatory parameters, the low GI diet significantly decreased interleukin–6 in patients with type 2 diabetes compared to the higher GI diet. More studies are needed in this area of research. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Trial of labor after cesarean section in risk pregnancies: A population-based cohort study; Introduction: In most pregnancies after a cesarean section, a trial of labor is an option. The objective of the study was to explore trial of labor and its failure in pregnancies with medical risk conditions, in a population with a high trial of labor rate. Material and methods: In a cohort study (n = 57 109), using data from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway 1989-2014, women with a second delivery after a first pregnancy cesarean section were included. Preterm, multiple, and non-cephalic deliveries were excluded. The outcomes were trial of labor and failed trial of labor, assessed as rates and relative risk, using deliveries without risk conditions as reference. Temporal trends were assessed by 3-year periods. The exposures were selected medical risk conditions, ie previous offspring death, labor dystocia, diabetes, heart conditions, chronic hypertension, chronic kidney disease, rheumatoid arthritis, thyroid disease, asthma, prepregnancy psychiatric conditions, epilepsy, obesity, gestational diabetes, eclampsia and preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, major malformations, second-pregnancy psychiatric conditions, assisted reproduction, macrosomia, and small-for-gestational-age neonates. Induced onset of labor was compared with spontaneous onset of labor for each condition studied. Results: In risk pregnancies (n = 31 994) the trial of labor rate was 64.9% and failure rate was 27.6%, compared with 74.6% and 16.4% in pregnancies without any of the risk conditions studied (n = 25 115). The lowest trial of labor rates were observed in diabetes type 1 (49.5%), diabetes type 2 (46.7%), maternal heart conditions (54.5%), and pregnancy-related psychiatric conditions (19.7%). The highest failure rates were observed in diabetes type 1 (43.1%), diabetes type 2 (40.3%), maternal obesity (36.9%), gestational diabetes (36.0%), and offspring macrosomia (43.0%). Induced labor was associated with failed trial of labor (P <.05), whereas after spontaneous labor, failure rates were less than 40% in all conditions studied. Conclusions: In conditions with high rates of failed trial of labor, eg diabetes, macrosomia, and obesity, a planned cesarean section might be a better option than a trial of labor, particularly if induction of delivery might be needed. © 2019 Nordic Federation of Societies of Obstetrics and Gynecology
A pilot randomised controlled trial of a text messaging intervention with customisation using linked data from wireless wearable activity monitors to improve risk factors following gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is a highly prevalent disorder of pregnancy which portends a high risk for future type 2 diabetes. Limited evidence indicates lifestyle intervention prevents the development of diabetes, but most previously studied interventions are resource-intensive. Intervention programs that utilise newer technologies may be scalable at lower cost. This 6-month pilot randomized controlled trial tested the delivery of text messages linked to an activity monitor, adaptive physical activity goal setting, and limited face-to-face counseling, as an intervention to improve rates of post-partum glucose tolerance testing and lifestyle behaviours amongst women following a GDM pregnancy. Sixty subjects were randomised 2:1 intervention vs. control. Compared to control subjects, there were trends for intervention subjects to improve diet, increase physical activity, and lose weight. There was no difference between the groups in the rate of glucose tolerance testing. Only 46 (77%) subjects completed some, and 19 subjects completed all the elements of the final evaluation. Feedback regarding the text messages and activity monitor was highly positive. Overall, results suggest that a text message and activity monitor intervention is feasible for a larger study or even as a potentially scalable population health intervention. However, low completion rates necessitate carefully considered modification of the protocol. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Diabetes in pregnancy in associations with perinatal and postneonatal mortality in First Nations and non-Indigenous populations in Quebec, Canada: Population-based linked birth cohort study; Objective Both pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM, GDM) occur more frequently in First Nations (North American Indians) pregnant women than their non-Indigenous counterparts in Canada. We assessed whether the impacts of PGDM and GDM on perinatal and postneonatal mortality may differ in First Nations versus non-Indigenous populations. Design A population-based linked birth cohort study. Setting and participants 17 090 First Nations and 217 760 non-Indigenous singleton births in 1996-2010, Quebec, Canada. Main outcome measures Relative risks (RR) of perinatal and postneonatal death. Perinatal deaths included stillbirths and neonatal (0-27 days of postnatal life) deaths; postneonatal deaths included infant deaths during 28-364 days of life. Results PGDM and GDM occurred much more frequently in First Nations (3.9% and 10.7%, respectively) versus non-Indigenous (1.1% and 4.8%, respectively) pregnant women. PGDM was associated with an increased risk of perinatal death to a much greater extent in First Nations (RR=5.08[95% CI 2.99 to 8.62], p<0.001; absolute risk (AR)=21.6 [8.6-34.6] per 1000) than in non-Indigenous populations (RR=1.76[1.17, 2.66], p=0.003; AR=4.2[0.2, 8.1] per 1000). PGDM was associated with an increased risk of postneonatal death in non-Indigenous (RR=3.46[1.71, 6.99], p<0.001; AR=2.4[0.1, 4.8] per 1000) but not First Nations (RR=1.16[0.28, 4.77], p=0.35) infants. Adjusting for maternal and pregnancy characteristics, the associations were similar. GDM was not associated with perinatal or postneonatal death in both groups. Conclusions The study is the first to reveal that PGDM may increase the risk of perinatal death to a much greater extent in First Nations versus non-Indigenous populations, but may substantially increase the risk of postneonatal death in non-Indigenous infants only. The underlying causes are unclear and deserve further studies. We speculate that population differences in the quality of glycaemic control in diabetic pregnancies and/or genetic vulnerability to hyperglycaemia's fetal toxicity may be contributing factors. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Maternity Log study: A longitudinal lifelog monitoring and multiomics analysis for the early prediction of complicated pregnancy; Purpose A prospective cohort study for pregnant women, the Maternity Log study, was designed to construct a time-course high-resolution reference catalogue of bioinformatic data in pregnancy and explore the associations between genomic and environmental factors and the onset of pregnancy complications, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and preterm labour, using continuous lifestyle monitoring combined with multiomics data on the genome, transcriptome, proteome, metabolome and microbiome. Participants Pregnant women were recruited at the timing of first routine antenatal visits at Tohoku University Hospital, Sendai, Japan, between September 2015 and November 2016. Of the eligible women who were invited, 65.4% agreed to participate, and a total of 302 women were enrolled. The inclusion criteria were age ≥20 years and the ability to access the internet using a smartphone in the Japanese language. Findings to date Study participants uploaded daily general health information including quality of sleep, condition of bowel movements and the presence of nausea, pain and uterine contractions. Participants also collected physiological data, such as body weight, blood pressure, heart rate and body temperature, using multiple home healthcare devices. The mean upload rate for each lifelog item was ranging from 67.4% (fetal movement) to 85.3% (physical activity), and the total number of data points was over 6 million. Biospecimens, including maternal plasma, serum, urine, saliva, dental plaque and cord blood, were collected for multiomics analysis. Future plans Lifelog and multiomics data will be used to construct a time-course high-resolution reference catalogue of pregnancy. The reference catalogue will allow us to discover relationships among multidimensional phenotypes and novel risk markers in pregnancy for the future personalised early prediction of pregnancy complications. © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Prolonged QT interval in the infants of diabetic mothers; Background: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus is rising. Myocardial hypertrophy is the most common cardiac disorder in the infants of diabetic mothers, which hypothetically can cause fatal arrhythmias. This study investigated prolonged QT in the newborns of diabetic mothers in Afzalipour Hospital in Kerman City, in 2015. Methods: This case-control study was conducted on 49 neonates of diabetic mothers and 30 babies of healthy mothers. Routine echocardiograms and Tissue Doppler Imaging (TDI) were performed for all the newborns. QTc values were computed from randomly selected beats on ECG. Results: Twenty-nine (59%) newborns in case group had septal hypertrophy which was higher than control group (P < 0.05). There was no difference between case and control groups in QTc values (P > 0.05), and there was no relationship between septal hypertrophy and QT prolongation. Twenty-one percent of the infants in control group, had septal hypertrophy. Although parameters of M-Mode Echocardiography were similar, TDI showed differences between the two groups. (TDI) is applicable for the measurement of both systolic and diastolic functions. Conclusion: Findings revealed that the screening and treatment of diabetes during pregnancy need a revision in our context. In addition, there is a paucity of studies concerning the evaluation of TDI in the newborns of diabetic mothers. We recommend conducting studies to compare the routine echocardiograms with TDI in these high risk infants. © 2019, Kerman University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Significance of Obstetrical History with Future Cardiovascular Disease Risk; The maternal cardiovascular system undergoes profound changes to support the increasing demands of fetal growth during pregnancy. An accumulating body of evidence has shown that common pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, low birth weight, and preterm delivery, can be associated with future cardiovascular adverse events in mothers. Factors such as glucose metabolism, hyperlipidemia, inflammatory markers, and large- and small-vessel stiffness/functionality have been linked with these pregnancy conditions. Critically, there are no established guidelines to account for these maternal factors when considering future cardiovascular disease risk, one of the leading causes of female mortality. This article reviews the study of cardiovascular disease and pregnancy, and proposes possible connections that should spur future investigation in an area of medicine that requires significant research. © 2019
Machine vision for early diabetes diagnosis; Diabetic mellitus is a disorder of metabolism which is characterized by the elevated sugar levels in the blood over a prolonged period. There are three major types of diabetes namely type I, type II and gestational diabetes. According to senses taken in 2017, 8.8% of adult population worldwide was estimated to be diabetic which would shoot up to 9.9% by 2045, i.e about 6042 million of people would be affected worldwide. If diabetes is left untreated, it may lead to various diseases like kidney stone, diabetic retinopathy, diabetic neuropathy, stroke and heart attack. The people with diabetic neuropathy gradually lose sensitivity of the nervous system all over the body. Peripheral neuropathy is the most common type of diabetic neuropathy which is characterized by the loss of sensitivity in arms, hands, legs, feet and toes. If neuropathy in the foot is left untreated, it would increase the chances of occurrence of foot ulcers, infection and amputation of the limb. To save the patients from these complications and to ensure the quality of the life of them, there is a need for early diagnosis. This research work aims at proposing a non-invasive screening method for diabetes which is based on the thermoregulation of the peroneal vessel. Since diabetes affects the proneal vessel of the patients significantly, in this work the thermoregulatory behavior of peroneal vessel is studied for induced hot and cold stress. The study involved 20 subjects, out of which five persons are healthy or non-diabetic persons and the remaining 15 persons are of three categories namely patients with diabetes for less than 10 years, patients with diabetes for greater than 10 years, and patients with neuropathy; each category has five persons participating in this study. The results obtained show the feasibility of disease screening by the proposed method although it is to be improved for further classification of the stages of disease progression and accuracy. From the results, it is seen that the thermoregulatory response of the peroneal blood vessel in the leg to the cold stress is more meaningful as a disease marker compared to hot stress. The accuracy of the proposed method is found be 75% for cold stress for a response time window of 2 minutes. © 2019 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc.
Gestational diabetes: Maternal programming; Background: Gestational diabetes has been identified as a long-term risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Objectives: Based on the current scientific evidence, our objective was to increase our knowledge of the importance of gestational diabetes in women’s future health. Material and methods: Retrospective study by searching for original articles and systematic reviews published in the databases PubMed, EMBASE, ScienceDirect, and Cochrane Library between 1999 and 2018. The key words used for the search were as follows: "Gestational diabetes mellitus and long-term consequences", "previous gestational diabetes mellitus", "gestational diabetes after delivery", "postpartum followup of women with gestational diabetes", "history of gestational diabetes mellitus", "after gestational diabetes mellitus", and "gestational diabetes and postpartum risk". The highest levels of evidence were selected. Results: We found 472 articles on gestational diabetes and its long-term effects on the mother. The articles were reviewed, and those with the lowest level of scientific evidence and all duplicate references were ruled out. Conclusions: There is sufficient clinical evidence linking gestational diabetes with subsequent development of type 2 diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. It is still not possible to determine from gestation which patients are most likely to have long-term complications. There is sufficient evidence that diabetes mellitus can be prevented. This is not the case for cardiovascular disease. © 2019, Sociedad Espanola de Ginecologia y Obstetricia. All rights reserved.
Dyslipidemia in pregnancy and maternal-fetal outcome; Hyperlipidemia is a known cause of atherosclerosis and directly contributes to the current epidemic in cardio-vascular disease. Pregnancy is typified by an increase in serum levels of total cholesterol and triglycerides pushed by the rise in estrogen, progesterone and lactogen. Mobilization of stored fat depots in late pregnancy may provide a reservoir of fatty acids for fetal growth and placental tissue steroid synthesis. This physiologic increase in lipids performs an essential role during pregnancy; however, elevated levels of lipids in predisposed women or with familiar forms of hyperlipidemia can carry increased risk for maternal-fetal complications. The present treatment of pregnant women with hyperlipidemia is the suspension of medications. However, hyperlipidemia during pregnancy is associated with preeclampsia, preterm birth and gestational diabetes and offspring of these mothers show a propensity to enhanced fatty streak formation and an increased risk of progressive atherosclerosis. This current evidence may motivate the further study on the potential benefits of treatment of hyperlipidemia in pregnancy and its effects on maternal-fetal outcomes. © 2018 EDIZIONI MINERVA MEDICA.
VCAM-1, ICAM-1 and selectins in gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk for vascular disorders; Aim: Levels of VCAM-1, ICAM-1 and selectins in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) subjects are an indication of endothelial dysfunction predicting the future metabolic consequence via metabolic memory effect. Materials & methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted in 92 pregnant women and serum endothelial cell adhesion molecules were measured using Randox biochip analyzer. Results: Significantly elevated serum level of VCAM-1 was found in GDM subjects and in greater than equal to one parity categorized GDM group when compared with control. The correlation of parity and P-selectin was statistically significant in GDM subjects. Conclusion: Elevated levels of endothelial cell adhesion molecules in GDM women indicate an imbalance in vascular function. Transient hyperglycemia during pregnancy may induce persistent modifications to the memory cells and GDM subjects are more prone to develop future consequences. © 2019Future Medicine Ltd.
Diabetes Screening in High-risk Individuals in Putuo District; Background: The increasing prevalence of diabetes has imposed a huge economic burden on the whole society.Screening for diabetes in high-risk population in community can find diabetes mellitus and pre-diabetic patients in time. Early intervention can help to delay or reverse the course of disease and reduce the possibility of developing diabetes-related complications.Objective: To perform a screening for diabetes in high-risk individuals in Shanghai's Putuo District and to analyze the risk factors associated with diabetes and prediabetes.Methods: From March to September 2017,residents in Putuo District of Shanghai who met the criteria of high-risk population for diabetes in the Chinese Guideline for Diabetes Prevention and Management (2013 edition) were enrolled.Basic personal characteristics,prevalence of risk factors for diabetes and related symptoms,physical parameters and glycemic parameters were collected via questionnaire survey,physical measurement and laboratory testing.The results of screening were statistically analyzed.Results: A total of 13 057 cases participated in the survey. Among them,the prevalence of diabetes and prediabetes was 10.61% (1 386/13 057) and 11.93% (1 558/13 057). Compared with women,men showed a higher prevalence of diabetes 〔12.19% (747/6 127) vs 9.22% (639/6 930)〕 (χ2=30.256,P<0.001),but similar prevalence of prediabetes 〔12.15% (744/6 127) vs 11.75% (814/6 930)〕 (χ2=0.488,P>0.05).The prevalence of diabetes and prediabetes increased with age (χ2 trend=244.746,P<0.001;χ2 trend=144.104, P<0.001).Logistic regression analysis showed that age,impaired glucose regulation,overweight/obesity/central obesity, family history of diabetes mellitus in first-degree relatives,history of macrosomia or gestational diabetes mellitus,hypertension or under antihypertensive treatment,dyslipidemia or under lipid-lowering treatment,history of atherosclerotic cardiocerebrovascular disease,and history of transient steroid diabetes were the factors associated with the diabetes identified in the residents (P<0.05).Age,impaired glucose regulation,overweight/obesity/central obesity,family history of diabetes mellitus in first-degree relatives,hypertension or antihypertensive treatment,dyslipidemia or lipid-lowering treatment,and history of atherosclerotic cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases were the influencing factors for prediabetes identified in the residents (P<0.05).The prevalence of diabetes differed significantly in the residents by the number of diabetes-related risk factors (χ2=469.623,P<0.001).Moreover,the prevalence of pre-diabetes varied obviously in the residents by prediabetesrelated risk factors (χ2=129.073,P<0.001).The prevalence of diabetes differed significantly in the residents by risk factors associated with diabetes (χ2=469.623,P<0.001).Moreover,the prevalence of pre-diabetes varied obviously in the residents by risk factors associated with prediabetes (χ2=129.073,P<0.05).Those with 4 or more risk factors had a higher prevalence of diabetes or pre-diabetes compared with those with only one (P<0.05).Conclusion: The detection rate of diabetes or prediabetes increased with the increase in the number of diabetes-related risk factors.Individuals with 40 years of age or older,hypertension,overweight or obesity or central obesity,or dyslipidemia are priority populations of diabetes screening. The diabetes screening in community-dwelling high-risk population,especially the key high-risk groups,should be continued. Copyright © 2019 by the Chinese General Practice.
Risk Factors, Imaging Findings, and Sex Differences in Spontaneous Coronary Artery Dissection; Spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD)is increasingly being recognized. However, data supporting diagnosis and management are scarce. We analyze a contemporary and comprehensive SCAD registry to advance the understanding of SCAD risk factors, angiographic appearance, and gender differences. This is a retrospective analysis of a prospectively populated database of SCAD patients seen at the Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH)between June 2013 and October 2017. Core laboratory analysis of both coronary angiograms and computerized tomographic (CT)angiography of the extracoronary vessels was performed. Of the 113 patients, 87% were female and mean age was 47 ± 10 years. Traditional cardiovascular risk factors including hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and smoking were present in 27%, 14%, and 22% of patients. Among females, 14%, 8%, and 9% had a history of gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, and gestational diabetes, respectively. Fifteen percent had used fertility treatment and 47% of postmenopausal women had used hormone replacement therapy. Angiography showed multivessel SCAD in 42%, severe coronary artery tortuosity in 59%, and extracoronary vascular abnormalities in 100% of patients with complete CT angiographic imaging. Gender differences revealed a self-reported depression and anxiety prevalence of 20% and 32%, respectively, in women compared with 0% in men. Type 1 SCAD was more commonly diagnosed in men than women (71% vs 29%, p <0.01). In conclusion, we highlight under-recognized features of SCAD including (1)relation with pregnancy complications and exposure to hormonal therapy; (2)diffuse, multivessel process in tortuous coronaries on a background of extracoronary arterial abnormalities; and (3)gender differences highlighting the role of mental health as well as potential underdiagnoses in men. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Cardiovascular prevention in women: A narrative review from the Italian Society of Cardiology working groups on 'Cardiovascular Prevention, Hypertension and peripheral circulation' and on 'Women Disease'; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of mortality and morbidity in women.Some authors highlighted that the female risk profile consists of traditional and emerging risk factors. Despite the lower prevalence of type 2 diabetes, years of life lost owing to the disease for women are substantially higher compared with men. In addition, pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes represents a risk factor for CVD. Women with gestational diabetes have a higher prevalence of coronary artery disease that occur at a younger age and are independent of T2DM.Hypertension is an important cardiovascular risk factor in women. Estrogens and progesterone, known to have an impact on blood pressure levels, have also been proposed to be protective against sleep-disordered breathing. It is very difficult to understand whereas obstructive sleep apnea in women is independently associated with hypertension or if many confounders acting at different stages of the woman lifespan mediate this relation.The cardioprotective effect of physical activity in women of all ages is well known. Women are generally more physically inactive than men. During and after menopause, most women tend to reduce their physical activity levels and together with the reduction in basal metabolic rate, women experience loss of skeletal muscle mass with a negative change in the ratio of fat-to-lean mass.In conclusion, sex differences in the cardiovascular system are because of dissimilarities in gene expression and sex hormones; these result in variations in prevalence and presentation of CVD and associated conditions, such as diabetes, hypertension and vascular and cardiac remodeling.Changes in lifestyle and increase in physical activity could help in prevention of cardiovascular disease in women. © 2019 Italian Federation of Cardiology - I.F.C. All rights reserved.
Association between changes in postpartum weight and waist circumference and changes in cardiometabolic risk factors among women with recent gestational diabetes; Introduction Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 30% to 70% risk for developing type 2 diabetes and are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease. Little is known about how anthropometric changes in the first postpartum year modify cardiometabolic risk factors. Methods We randomly assigned women in the Balance After Baby study to an intervention group consisting of participation in a web-based lifestyle program or to a control group in which no program was offered. We measured weight, height, waist circumference, blood pressure, lipids, insulin, adiponectin, interleukin-6, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and we conducted 2-hour oral glucose tolerance tests at 6 weeks, 6 months, and 12 months postpartum. We evaluated whether women assigned to the intervention had improved cardiometabolic risk markers compared with the control group. We then conducted a post-hoc analysis, pooling the 2 groups to compare changes in weight and waist circumference with changes in cardiometabolic risk factors. Results Women in the intervention group did not significantly improve cardiometabolic risk markers compared with women in the control group. We noted a large overlap of weight change and change in waist circumference between groups. In our post-hoc analysis pooling groups, changes in diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors were significantly correlated with changes in weight and waist circumference. The strongest associations were observed for fasting insulin, HOMA, and fasting glucose. Conclusion Anthropometric changes in weight and waist circumference in women with recent GDM may affect cardiometabolic risk factors, even in the first postpartum year. Our study demonstrates the importance of the postpartum year as an opportunity to decrease future risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women with a history of GDM. © 2019, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
Epidemiology of limb reduction defects as registered in the Medical Birth Registry of Norway, 1970-2016: Population based study; Background Following the Thalidomide disaster, the Medical Birth Registry of Norway (MBRN) was established in 1967, with epidemiological surveillance of congenital anomalies as one main aim. Limb reduction defects (LRD) constitute a rare and heterogeneous anomaly group, where correct registration and classification is important for surveillance and research. We aimed at reviewing and recoding LRD cases in the MBRN using the same classification system for all years, and evaluate time trends, characteristics and risk factors, 1970–2016. Methods After reviewing and recoding LRD cases using International Classification of Diseases (ICD), 10th version, for all years, time trends, association with major anomalies, risk factors and infant outcomes were calculated. Generalized linear models for the binomial family with log link gave relative risks (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Classification of LRD as suggested by European surveillance of congenital anomalies (EUROCAT) was attempted. Results Overall LRD prevalence, 1970–2016, was 4.4 per 10 000, slightly increasing during 1970–1981, followed by relatively stable rates. There were more defects in upper than lower limbs. Defects in hands/fingers were most common, but unspecific descriptions prevented classification of LRD according to EUROCAT. A majority of cases had associated anomalies, the most common being other limb defects, followed by cardiac defects and anomalies in the nervous and digestive systems. From 1999, 26% of LRD cases were terminated, more than 90% of these had associated major anomalies. Stillbirth, neonatal and infant mortality were higher among infants with LRD, also related to associated anomalies. Pre-gestational diabetes was associated with a more than three times increased risk of offspring total LRD, while no association with maternal epilepsy was found. Taking folate/multivitamin supplements before and/or during pregnancy was associated with lower risk of offspring LRD (adjusted RR 0.7; 95% CI 0.6–0.9), while daily smoking did not significantly increase the risk. Conclusion The MBRN now has information on LRD coded by ICD-10 from 1970, but information is not specific enough to use other recommended classification systems. Collecting radiographic descriptions and/or more details from hospital records would improve the quality of the registry data. Taking folate supplements before/during pregnancy may reduce the risk of offspring LRD. © 2019 Klungsøyr et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Effect of well-controlled gestational diabetes on left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in neonates; Background: There are some evidences supporting the relation between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and diastolic dysfunction. The aim of our study was to investigate the effect of well-controlled GDM on morphological and functional myocardium. Materials and methods: We designed a prospective cross-sectional study to evaluate left ventricular (LV) diastolic function of 60 neonates born from mothers with well-controlled GDM (case group) on days of 3–5 after birth. The infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) group were divided into two groups: diabetic mothers treated only with diet (class A) and group of mothers on medical therapy by insulin or metformin (class B). Traditional echocardiography and pulsed-wave Doppler (PWD), tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) were performed for all the neonates. Results: The study group consisted of 60 neonates as males (M) = 32, (0.53%) and females (F) = 28, (0.46%). Using M-mode echocardiography, interventricular septum thickness (IVS), and LV mass were significantly higher in IDM than control group (p =.0001). The PWD showed both a significantly more peak mitral flow at early diastolic wave (E) and an early filling deceleration time (E-DT) (p =.0001). Tissue Doppler echocardiography parameters A′ (cm/s) (p =.0001), E′ (cm/s) (p =.002), and E′/A′ ratio (p =.0001), left ventricular myocardial performance index (LVMPI), and isovolumetric relaxation time (IVRT) were outstandingly different between the two groups (p =.0001, respectively). Evaluating the GDM group mothers of class A and class B, no significant difference was noted in PWD or TDI parameters compared with the healthy ones. Conclusions: It seems that neonates of mothers with well-controlled GDM are still at increased risk of cardiac hypertrophy, subclinical diastolic dysfunction, and impaired left ventricular relaxation. This can be interpreted that focusing only on glycemic control is not enough to prevent cardiac dysfunction. © 2018, © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Breastfeeding a small for gestational age infant, complicated by maternal gestational diabetes: A case report; Background: Small for gestational age (SGA) infants are those born small for their gestational age, with weight below the 10th percentile. Not only do SGA infants suffer growth issues after birth, they have elevated risk for the development of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases later in life. Current research has suggested that in cases of SGA infants, maternal milk and breastfeeding are not affected. Case summary: The mother of an SGA infant was diagnosed with placental insufficiency and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) during her pregnancy. The infant was born term, at 38 weeks 3 days, and SGA. The mother had a low milk supply and her milk composition differed from reference values such that the daily infant intake provided less than 50% of the required energy intake at 3 months. Conclusion: In cases of SGA and/or GDM, maternal milk quality and quantity may be compromised. This requires follow-up in order to reduce the disease risk for SGA infants and the corresponding public health implications. © 2019 The Author(s).
Maternal arterial stiffness and fetal cardiovascular physiology in diabetic pregnancy; Objectives: In mothers with pregestational or gestational diabetes, abnormal arterial stiffness (stiffer arteries) has been reported. The impact of abnormal maternal arterial stiffness on placental and fetal cardiovascular physiology is unknown. The purpose of this study was to determine the impact of maternal diabetes on maternal arterial stiffness and the association with fetal cardiovascular physiology as measured by fetal echocardiography. Methods: Between December 2013 and January 2017 a prospective study was conducted on diabetic (but otherwise healthy) and non-diabetic, healthy pregnant mothers aged 18–40 years at 20–28 weeks' gestation who had a normal fetal cardiac echocardiogram and obstetric ultrasound. Clinical data were collected by means of a patient questionnaire and measurement of blood pressure, height, weight, arterial augmentation index (AIx) and placental and fetal cardiovascular parameters were collected by fetal echocardiography. Descriptive statistics were calculated. Comparisons were made using parametric and non-parametric tests between controls and diabetic mothers. Results: Twenty-three healthy pregnant controls and 43 diabetic pregnant women (22 with pregestational and 21 with gestational diabetes) were included in the study. Maternal AIx was higher in those with diabetes than in healthy controls (12.4 ± 10.6% vs 4.6 ± 7.9%; P = 0.003). Fetal aortic valve (AoV) velocity time integral (VTI) was higher in fetuses whose mothers had diabetes than in those with non-diabetic mothers (7.7 ± 1.9 cm vs 6.3 ± 3.0 cm; P = 0.022). Left ventricular (LV) myocardial performance index (MPI) was lower in diabetic pregnancies than in controls (0.40 ± 0.09 vs 0.46 ± 0.11; P = 0.021). Umbilical artery (UA) resistance index (RI) was lower in diabetic pregnancies with glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels ≥ 6.5% than in those with HbA1c levels < 6.5% (0.69 ± 0.06, n = 15 vs 0.76 ± 0.08, n = 21; P = 0.009) but not at higher HbA1C cut-offs. No correlation between AIx and AoV-VTI, LV-MPI or UA-RI was found. Conclusions: Arterial stiffness is higher in pregnant women with diabetes than in controls. Fetuses of diabetic mothers show altered cardiovascular parameters, with higher AoV-VTI and lower LV-MPI, which are markers of myocardial function. Placental function assessed by UA-RI was normal despite differences between groups. Arterial stiffness did not correlate with placental or fetal cardiovascular variables. Instead, the findings are likely to represent a shared response to the environment of abnormal glucose metabolism. The clinical significance of these findings is yet to be determined. Copyright © 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. Copyright © 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Association of maternal nutrition with transient neonatal hyperinsulinism; Objective The objective was to determine whether maternal nutritional factors are associated with transient neonatal hyperinsulinism (HI). Design and setting Case control study in 4 French tertiary Obstetrics and Neonatology Departments between 2008 and 2015. Methods Sixty-seven mothers of neonates diagnosed with transient hyperinsulinism and 113 mothers of controls were included. The screening for hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia in neonates was performed because of clinical symptoms suggestive of hypoglycemia or in the presence of conventional risk factors (small-for-gestational-age, prematurity, anoxo-ischemia, hypothermia, macrosomia, gestational diabetes). Hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia was confirmed in the HI neonates and ruled out in the controls. This allowed for comparing maternal nutrition in cases and controls in a context of similar risk factors. One to 2 mothers of control neonates were included per case, and a food frequency questionnaire was addressed to the mothers between day 5 and day 10 after the birth of their newborn. Results Crude odds ratio showed that maternal weight gain, abnormal fetal rate, C-section, gender, consumption of fresh cooked vegetables, fresh fruits and fruit juices, low fat diary products, light fat products, and daily bread were significantly associated with hyperinsulinism. Maternal body mass index, hypertension, gestational diabetes, birth weight percentile, gestational age and 5-minute Apgar score were not related to HI. In a multiple backward logistic regression model, consumption of fresh cooked vegetable 1/day (OR = 0.33 [0.14–0.77]) and light-fat products 1/week (OR = 0.24 [0.08–0.71]) was protective against hyperinsulinism, whereas gestational weight gain >20 kg (OR = 9.5 [2.0–45.5]) and between 15–20 kg (OR = 4.0 [1.2–14.0]), abnormal fetal heart rate (OR = 4.4 [1.6–12.0]), and C-section (OR = 3.4 [1.3–8.9]) were risk factors. Conclusions A diet rich in fresh cooked vegetable and reduced in fat, together with the avoidance of a high gestational weight gain may be protective against transient neonatal hyperinsulinism. © 2018 Louvigne et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Circulating Pro-Neurotensin in gestational diabetes mellitus; Background and aims: Pro-Neurotensin (NT), a stable surrogate parameter of NT, has recently been introduced as a peptide predicting the development of obesity, diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases, and cardiovascular mortality. However, regulation of Pro-NT in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains uninvestigated. Methods and results: Pro-NT was quantified in 74 women with GDM, 74 healthy, gestational age-matched, pregnant controls, as well as in a second cohort comprising of 74 healthy, non-pregnant control women, using a chemiluminometric sandwich immunoassay. Pro-NT was correlated to measures of obesity, hypertension, glucose and lipid metabolism, renal function, and inflammation. Mean ± standard deviation of circulating Pro-NT levels were not significantly different in women with GDM (100.2 ± 75.7 pmol/l) as compared to healthy, pregnant controls (103.2 ± 37.4 pmol/l) and healthy, non-pregnant female controls (105.9 ± 38.9 pmol/l) (p = 0.661). Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and creatinine positively correlated with serum Pro-NT in multivariate regression analysis. In contrast, free fatty acids (FFA) were inversely correlated with circulating Pro-NT. Results sustained adjustment for pregnancy status. Conclusions: Circulating Pro-NT is not independently associated with GDM, but is with HOMA-IR, creatinine, and FFA even after adjustment for pregnancy status. © 2018 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University
Elevated plasma soluble (pro)renin receptor levels are associated with left ventricular remodeling and renal function in chronic heart failure patients with reduced ejection fraction; Soluble (pro)renin receptor [s(P)RR], which is generated from cleavage of (P)RR, can be detected in plasma and urine. s(P)RR levels can reflect the severity of some diseases, such as renal lesions, gestational diabetes mellitus or hypertension, and obstructive sleep apnea syndrome. However, the relationship between s(P)RR levels and the severity of chronic heart failure remains undetermined. We studied s(P)RR levels in 118 patients with chronic heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF), including 86 without renal dysfunction (HF) and 32 with renal dysfunction (HF + RF), and 28 healthy subjects (HS) to reveal the relationship between s(P)RR levels and other HFrEF parameters. Plasma s(P)RR levels were 22.2 ± 4.1 ng/mL (HS), 26.4 ± 5.3 ng/ mL (HF) and 30.0 ± 5.3 ng/mL (HF + RF). Plasma s(P)RR levels were significantly higher in the HF group than in the HS group (P < 0.001) and even more increased in the HF + RF group (P < 0.001 vs. the HS group and P < 0.05 vs. the HF group). Multivariate regression analysis revealed that the left ventricular mass index (LVMI) and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) were independently related to s(P)RR levels in HFrEF patients. In conclusion, high plasma s(P)RR levels are associated with left ventricular remodeling and, especially, with renal dysfunction. Therefore, s(P)RR is a promising evaluative indicator for the severity of HFrEF patients. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
Maternal age and risk for adverse outcomes; Objective: The objective of this study was to characterize the risk for severe maternal morbidity and other pregnancy complications by maternal age during delivery hospitalizations. Study Design: This retrospective cohort analysis used the Perspective database to characterize the risk for adverse maternal outcomes from 2006 to 2015 based on maternal age. Women were divided into 7 categories based on maternal age: 15–17, 18–24, 25–29, 30–34, 35–39, 40–44, and 45–54 years of age. The primary outcome of this study was severe maternal morbidity as defined by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Secondary outcomes included (1) overall comorbid risk; (2) risk for pregnancy complications such as postpartum hemorrhage, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and cesarean delivery; and (3) risk for individual severe morbidity diagnoses such as stroke, embolism, eclampsia, and hysterectomy. Adjusted models were fitted to assess factors associated with severe morbidity with adjusted risk ratios (aRRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) as measures of effect. Population weights were applied to create national estimates. Results: Of 36,944,292 deliveries included, 2.5% occurred among women aged 15–17 years (n = 921,236), 29.1% to women aged 18–24 years (n = 10,732,715), 28.6% to women aged 25–29 years (n = 10,564,850), 24.9% to women aged 30–34 years (n = 9,213,227), 12.1% to women aged 35–39 years (n = 4,479,236), 2.6% to women aged 40–44 years (n = 974,289), and 0.2% to women aged 45–54 years (n = 58,739). In unadjusted analyses, severe morbidity was more than 3 times higher (risk ratio [RR], 3.33, 95% confidence interval [CI], 3.03–3.66) for women 45-54 years compared with women 25–29 years. Women aged 40–44, 35–39, and 15–17 years were also at increased risk (RR, 1.83, 95% CI, 1.77–1.89; RR, 1.36, 95% CI, 1.33–1.39; RR, 1.39, 95% CI, 1.34–1.45, respectively). In the adjusted model, the 45–54 year old group was associated with the highest relative risk (aRR, 3.46, 95% CI, 3.15–3.80) followed by the 40–44 year old group (aRR 1.90, 95% CI, 1.84–1.97), the 35–39 year old group (aRR, 1.43, 95% CI, 1.40–1.47), and the 15–17 year old group (aRR, 1.20, 95% CI, 1.15–1.24). Cesarean delivery, preeclampsia, postpartum hemorrhage, and gestational diabetes were most common among women aged 45–54 years, as were thrombosis and hysterectomy. Conclusion: While differential risk was noted across maternal age categories, women aged 45 years old and older were at highest risk for a broad range of adverse outcomes during delivery hospitalizations. © 2018
Outcomes of Women Delivering at Very Advanced Maternal Age; Background: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the maternal outcome in women with very advanced maternal age (VAMA) at childbirth (>45 years) compared to advanced maternal age (35-39 and 40-44 years). Methods: Retrospective cohort study using the Texas Public Use Data File, years 2013-2014. Maternal age was a three-level variable: 35-39 (referent), 40-44, and 45-59 years (VAMA). Adjusted risk ratios (aRRs) for the two older age groups for various obstetrical and nonobstetrical complications were calculated from log-binomial regression models. Results: The sample consisted of 96,879 deliveries. In univariate analyses, a higher frequency (p < 0.05) of gestational diabetes, pregestational diabetes, chronic hypertension, pregnancy related hypertensive disorders, multiple gestation, oligohydramnios, polyhydramnios, placenta previa, postpartum hemorrhage, small for gestational age, intrauterine fetal death, and length of stay were noted in the two older maternal age groups compared to the youngest maternal age group. Multiple gestations were noted to be more frequent in the two older groups: the VAMA group had a 336% increase in their risk (aRR = 4.36, 95% CI: 3.68-5.17), while women 40-44 years of age experienced a 17% increase in their risk (aRR = 1.17, 95% CI: 1.07-1.29) compared to women in the 35-39 year group. The risk of the following outcomes was approximately doubled in VAMA women compared to the referent (all statistically significant): small for gestational age (aRR = 1.92), stillbirth (aRR = 2.12), and intrauterine fetal death (aRR = 1.96). Conclusions: This population-based study detected a dose-response association between maternal age and the risk of multiple maternal and fetal complications. © Copyright 2018, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers 2018.
Segmentation and classification in MRI and US fetal imaging: Recent trends and future prospects; Fetal imaging is a burgeoning topic. New advancements in both magnetic resonance imaging and (3D) ultrasound currently allow doctors to diagnose fetal structural abnormalities such as those involved in twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, pulmonary sequestration and hypoplasia, congenital heart disease, diaphragmatic hernia, ventriculomegaly, etc. Considering the continued breakthroughs in utero image analysis and (3D) reconstruction models, it is now possible to gain more insight into the ongoing development of the fetus. Best prenatal diagnosis performances rely on the conscious preparation of the clinicians in terms of fetal anatomy knowledge. Therefore, fetal imaging will likely span and increase its prevalence in the forthcoming years. This review covers state-of-the-art segmentation and classification methodologies for the whole fetus and, more specifically, the fetal brain, lungs, liver, heart and placenta in magnetic resonance imaging and (3D) ultrasound for the first time. Potential applications of the aforementioned methods into clinical settings are also inspected. Finally, improvements in existing approaches as well as most promising avenues to new areas of research are briefly outlined. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Metformin and type 2 diabetes prevention; Metformin, an established therapy for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, has demonstrated safety and effectiveness in the prevention or delay of type 2 diabetes in people at high risk. The Diabetes Prevention Program randomized clinical trial demonstrated that intensive lifestyle intervention and metformin therapy reduced progression to diabetes by 58 and 31%, respectively, compared to placebo in people at risk of type 2 diabetes. Although lifestyle intervention was beneficial in all groups, metformin had a selectively greater effect in those who were more obese, had a higher fasting glucose, had a history of gestational diabetes, or were younger. Long-term effects included an 18% diabetes reduction with metformin compared to placebo over 15 years, a reduction in microvascular complications among those who did not progress to diabetes (without difference among treatment arms), and suggestion by coronary calcium assessment of a possible impact on atherosclerosis in men. Although long-term follow-up to assess later-stage outcomes is underway, current efforts to address gaps in evidence and translation remain of significant public health interest. © 2018 by the American Diabetes Association.
No. 239-Obesity in Pregnancy; Objective: To review the evidence and provide recommendations for the counselling and management of obese parturients. Outcomes: Outcomes evaluated include the impact of maternal obesity on the provision of antenatal and intrapartum care, maternal morbidity and mortality, and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Evidence: Literature was retrieved through searches of Statistics Canada, Medline, and The Cochrane Library on the impact of obesity in pregnancy on antepartum and intrapartum care, maternal morbidity and mortality, obstetrical anaesthesia, and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Results were restricted to systematic reviews, randomized controlled trials/controlled clinical trials, and observational studies. There were no date or language restrictions. Searches were updated on a regular basis and incorporated in the guideline to April 2009. Grey (unpublished) literature was identified through searching the websites of health technology assessment and health technology assessment-related agencies, clinical practice guideline collections, clinical trial registries, and national and international medical specialty societies. Values: The evidence obtained was reviewed and evaluated by the Maternal Fetal Medicine and Clinical Practice Obstetric Committees of the SOGC under the leadership of the principal authors, and recommendations were made according to guidelines developed by the Canadian Task Force on Preventive Health Care. Benefits, Harms, and Costs: Implementation of the recommendations in this guideline should increase recognition of the issues clinicians need to be aware of when managing obese women in pregnancy, improve communication and consultation amongst the obstetrical care team, and encourage federal and provincial agencies to educate Canadians about the values of entering pregnancy with as healthy a weight as possible. Recommendations: 1. Periodic health examinations and other appointments for gynaecologic care prior to pregnancy offer ideal opportunities to raise the issue of weight loss before conception. Women should be encouraged to enter pregnancy with a BMI < 30 kg/m2, and ideally < 25 kg/m2 (III-B).2. BMI should be calculated from pre-pregnancy height and weight. Those with a pre-pregnancy BMI > 30 kg/m2 are considered obese. This information can be helpful in counselling women about pregnancy risks associated with obesity (II-2B).3. Obese pregnant women should receive counselling about weight gain, nutrition, and food choices (II-2B).4. Obese women should be advised that they are at risk for medical complications such as cardiac disease, pulmonary disease, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, and obstructive sleep apnea. Regular exercise during pregnancy may help to reduce some of these risks (II-2B).5. Obese women should be advised that their fetus is at an increased risk of congenital abnormalities, and appropriate screening should be done (II-2B).6. Obstetric care providers should take BMI into consideration when arranging for fetal anatomic assessment in the second trimester. Anatomic assessment at 20 to 22 weeks may be a better choice for the obese pregnant patient (II-2B).7. Obese pregnant women have an increased risk of Caesarean section, and the success of vaginal birth after Caesarean section is decreased (II-2B).8. Antenatal consultation with an anaesthesiologist should be considered to review analgesic options and to ensure a plan is in place should a regional anaesthetic be chosen (III-B).9. The risk of venous thromboembolism for each obese woman should be evaluated. In some clinical situations, consideration for thromboprophylaxis should be individualized (III-B). © 2018
Intrapartum fetal heart rate: A possible predictor of neonatal acidemia and APGAR score; Background: Predicting perinatal outcomes based on patterns of fetal heart rate (FHR) remains a challenge. The aim of this study was to evaluate intrapartum FHR variability as predictor for neonatal acidemia and APGAR score. Methods: This was a retrospective observational study of 552 childbirths. Multivariable linear regression models were used to assess the association between FHR variability and each of the following outcomes: Arterial cord blood pH and base deficit, Apgar 1, and 5 scores. Variables used for adjustment were maternal age, comorbidities (gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, maternal fever, and hypertension), parity, gravidity, uterine contractions, and newborn gestational age, and weight at birth. Results: The following factors were associated with an increased risk of metabolic acidosis and low Apgar scores at birth: Increased mean and coefficient of variation (CV) of the FHR, type of delivery and decreased parity. Each 10-beat/min increase in the FHR was associated with an increase of 0.43 mEq/L in the base deficit, and a decrease of 0.01 in the pH, 0.2 in the Apgar 1, and 0.14 in the Apgar 5 scores. Each 10% increase in the CV of the FHR was associated with an increase of 4.05 mEq/L in the base deficit and a decrease of 0.13 in the pH, 1.31 in the Apgar 1, and 0.86 in the Apgar 5 scores. Conclusion: These data suggest the intrapartum FHR variability is physiologically relevant and can be used for predicting the acidemia and Apgar scores at birth of the newborn infants without severe cases of morbidity and from uncomplicated pregnancies. © 2007 - 2018 Frontiers Media S.A.
Predictive factors of gestational diabetes in pregnancies following assisted reproductive technology: a nested case–control study; Purpose: To evaluate predictive factors for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in singleton pregnancy following assisted reproductive technology (ART). Methods: This nested case–control study was performed during October 2016–June 2017. Pregnant women who conceived following ART procedures referred to infertility clinic were selected and categorized into GDM and non-GDM based on ADA/IAPDSG criteria. The study variables including age, educational status, first-degree family history of chronic diseases, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, previous obstetric and perinatal outcomes, infertility history, and ART cycle characteristics were collected from medical records. Prediction model to develop GDM was employed by binary logistic regression analysis after adjustment for age and body mass index, family history of diabetes, and gravidity. Results: In total, 270 women with singleton pregnancies (consisted of 135 GDM and 135 non-GDM women) conceived were studied. According to the final model, significant predictors of GDM were history of polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), previous ovarian hyper-stimulation syndrome (OHSS) risk and progesterone injections. Administration of injectable progesterone during the first 10–12 weeks of pregnancy was associated with an approximately twofold increased risk of developing GDM [odds ratio (OR) 2.28, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.27–4.09)] compared to vaginal progesterone. In addition, the regression analysis revealed that previous OHSS risk (OR 2.40, 95% CI 1.34–4.31) and history of PCOS (OR 2.76, 95% CI 1.26–6.06) were other most important predictors of GDM. Conclusions: The route of progesterone administration, previous OHSS risk and history of PCOS seem to be putative risk factors for GDM in women conceived by ART. © 2018, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Outcomes of singleton versus twin pregnancies in the fifth and sixth decades; Background: Pregnancies in the fifth and sixth decades of life have been increasing, but current data are limited regarding the outcomes of twin compared with singleton pregnancies in this age group and to twin pregnancies at younger age. Objective: To compare obstetrical and neonatal outcomes of IVF conceived pregnancies, in twin gestations of women who were ≥45 years old at delivery to singletons at similar age and twin gestations at the age of <35 years, and to assess if the complications are mainly influenced by the very advanced maternal age or by the multifetal pregnancy. Study Design: A retrospective cohort study from a single tertiary medical center of women aged ≥45 at delivery between March 2011 and January 2018 and women aged <35 at delivery with twin pregnancies that conceived by IVF. Exclusion criteria were spontaneous pregnancies or pregnancies after ovulation induction, monochorionic twin pregnancies, higher order multiple gestations, or women that underwent fetal reduction. Pregnancy, delivery, postpartum and neonatal outcomes were compared between singleton and twin pregnancies. Multivariate logistic regression was used to evaluate the association between twin pregnancies and adverse outcomes. Results: Out of 67,355 deliveries, 612 were of women ≥45 years old, of whom 492 women conceived via IVF (395 singleton and 97 twin pregnancies). Of those, 60 women were ≥50 years old, 49 of them carried singleton and 11 carried twin pregnancies. Baseline characteristics were similar between groups. Women at the fifth and sixth decades with twins had significantly higher rates of preeclampsia (32.0% vs. 10.9%, p < 0.001), gestational diabetes mellitus (35.4% vs. 23.8%, p = 0.020), preterm deliveries <32 weeks of gestation (8.2% vs. 1.3%, p = 0.001), and fetal growth restriction (18.6% vs. 7.6%, p = 0.001) compared with singleton pregnancies at similar maternal age. After multivariate analysis adjusting for confounders, the odds ratio for the composite of preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, intrauterine fetal growth restriction, and placental abruption was 3.19 for twin compared with singleton pregnancies and 1.73 for gestational diabetes mellitus. Pregnancy complications among older women with twins were also significantly higher when compared with younger women with twins (<35 years old). Women in the fifth and sixth decades with twins had higher rates of cesarean deliveries (91.8% vs. 56.4%, p<0.001), gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus (10.3% vs. 4.2%., p=0.016; 32.0% vs. 6.2%, p<0.001; 35.1% vs. 8.1%, p<0.001, respectively) than the younger group carrying twins. Conclusions: Twin pregnancies in the fifth and sixth decades carry significantly higher complications rate compared with singleton pregnancies at the same age and twin pregnancies at younger age. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
To the question of predictors for the development of preeclampsia in gestational diabetes; Objective. To investigate the relationship between the level of C-peptide, the severity of arterial stiffness and the presence of obesity in preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Materials and methods. The study comprised 114 pregnant women at more than 24 weeks' gestation, including patients with gestational diabetes and preeclampsia (n = 22), preeclampsia (n = 23), gestational diabetes (n = 36), and control subjects (n = 33). The patient evaluation included fasting serum level of C-peptide, augmentation index, and body mass index. The statistical analysis involved correlation coefficients, analysis of variance, and empirical ROC curve. Results. There was an independent association between C-peptide level and preeclampsia (p = 0.04) and obesity (p <0.001), but not concurrent gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. The augmentation index threshold was determined at -45% in relation to the presence of preeclampsia among patients with a C-peptide level above 3.1 ng/ml (sensitivity 0.92; specificity 0.59; OR = 17.14; 95%CI = [1.80; 163.8]). No statistically significant correlation was found between augmentation index and body mass index (r = -0.01; p = 0.9). Conclusion. The study established the values of C-peptide and augmentation index that may be suggested for further evaluation as possible predictors for preeclampsia and cardiovascular diseases after preeclampsia, regardless of the presence of gestational diabetes. © 2019 Bionika Media Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of gestational diabetes and insulin resistance on offspring’s myocardial relaxation kinetics at three years of age; Purpose Scientific evidence on the long-term impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on offspring’s myocardial relaxation is scarce. Studies have linked GDM with transient ventricular hypertrophy in newborns resulting in diastolic dysfunction, but long-term assessment is lacking. The main objective of this study was to evaluate myocardial relaxation in 3-year-old children in relation to the degree of insulin resistance of their mother during pregnancy. Methods We prospectively assessed myocardial relaxation by echocardiography imaging on 106 children at 3 years of age. Subjects were divided into 3 groups [GDM, insulin resistance (IR) and normoglycemic (CTRL)], based on their mother’s 75g-OGTT and HOMA-IR results at second trimester screening. We collected information on children adiposity and body size, maternal characteristics and maternal and cord blood measurement of C-peptide and insulin. Results The study population comprised 29 children from GDM mothers, 36 children from IR mothers and 41 CTRL children. Compared to the CTRL group, we found that a higher proportion of children in the IR group and the GDM group met the criteria for impaired myocardial relaxation, but this did not reach statistical significance (odds ratio adjusted for heart rate and body surface area of 1.4 [0.2–9.5] and 3.5 [0.6–20.6], respectively). Conclusion We did not detect an increased risk of impaired myocardial relaxation at three years of age in children exposed in-utero to IR and GDM, compared to children from normoglycemic mothers. © 2018 Blais et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Development of a predictive model for adverse outcomes of preeclampsia; Objective To determine factors associated with adverse outcomes of preeclampsia and develop a predictive model. Methods Clinical data of 2 532 patients with preeclampsia who were admitted to our hospital from 2005 to 2014 were extracted for the study. The patients were divided into two groups, including 990 (39.1%) with adverse outcomes and 1 542 (60. 9%) without adverse outcomes. Factors associated with adverse outcomes were identified through univariate analyses. The predictive model was developed through multivariate logistic regression analyses using a randomly selected sample containing 80% of the cases. The remaining 20% of cases served for the purpose of validation and the establishment of the ROC curve. Results Primiparas, educational attainments, prenatal care, multiple births, edema, chest pain, dyspnea, dizziness, headache, blurred vision, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, cardiovascular disease, blood pressure, urine protein, liver and kidney functions were found to be associated with adverse outcomes of preeclampsia. Multiple births, edema, dyspnea, blurred vision, cardiovascular disease, liver and kidney functions entered into the logistic regression model (P<0. 05). The Logit(P) model had a good fitness of data and 77. 1% accuracy in predicting adverse outcomes. The area under the curve (AUC) of the ROC curve was 0. 804 CP<0. 01, 95% confidence interval (CD : 0. 758 to 0. 8495. The highest sensitivity was achieved when the cut-off point set risk value at 0. 300, with 58. 6% patients having adverse outcomes representing 83. 8% true positive rate and 46. 8% false positive rate. Conclusion Adverse outcomes of preeclampsia can be predicted through multiple births, edema, dyspnea, blurred vision, cardiovascular disease, liver and kidney functions. Risk value ≥300 is recommended. © 2018 Sichuan University. All rights reserved.
Risk factors for adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in women with preeclampsia: analysis of 1396 cases; Preeclampsia is a major cause of adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes, but how to identify women and fetuses at increased risk for later adverse events is a challenge. This study aimed to investigate the risk factors for adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in women with preeclampsia. Data from 1396 women with preeclampsia were retrospectively collected and analyzed. Eighteen candidate risk factors and 12 adverse outcomes were investigated. The following factors were found to be significantly associated with at least one adverse outcome: maternal age 35 years or older, multiple birth, the usage of assisted reproductive technology, living in a rural area, history of pregnancy-induced hypertension, male fetus, multigravida, or having polycystic ovary syndrome, hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count syndrome, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, cardiovascular disease, gestational diabetes mellitus, systemic lupus erythematosus, thyroid disease, or liver disease. Compared with patients without any identified risk factors, patients with preeclampsia with three or more risk factors were at increased risk for severe adverse outcomes. Those findings demonstrated that maternal risk factors could be used as indicators supplementary to clinical symptoms and laboratory test results for the risk assessment in women with preeclampsia. ©2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Acute responses to structured aerobic and resistance exercise in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Research on the acute responses to exercise in pregnancy is scarce, especially for women affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of this study was to investigate responses to a single bout of exercise performed multiple times throughout the pregnancy in women diagnosed with GDM. Data from 18 pregnant women (aged: 32.8 ± 3.8) diagnosed with GDM, treated with diet only, were analyzed. Participants’ pre-pregnancy body mass index was 24.4 ± 4.9 kg/m2, 50% of them were nulliparous, and 50% of the sample regularly exercised before the pregnancy. The exercise intervention consisted of an individual structured aerobic and resistance exercise program performed twice per week from the time of diagnosis until at least the 36th week of pregnancy. The exercise program included 20 minutes of aerobic exercise, 20-25 minutes of resistance exercise, and 10 minutes of cool down. Maternal heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, temperature and fetal heart rate were measured at every exercise session, along with blood glucose on 3 occasions. In total, 365 exercise sessions were analyzed (85 in the second trimester and 280 in the third trimester), on average 20.3 ± 7.7 per participant. Heart rate and fetal heart rate were elevated during both the aerobic and resistance parts of the exercise session (P <.01) in comparison with the baseline while systolic and diastolic blood pressure did not change in the total sample. There was a slight elevation in tympanic membrane temperature during the aerobic part of the session (P <.01). All parameters returned to baseline levels by the end of the session. Glucose levels dropped from the baseline, from 4.7 ± 0.6 to 3.9 ± 0.4 mmol/L (P <.01). There were no differences in responses to exercise between the second and third trimesters, nor between pre-pregnancy exercisers and non-exercisers. The combination of aerobic and resistance exercise for women diagnosed with GDM does not have harmful short-term effects if performed according to guidelines. Likewise, exercise can be considered useful for controlling hyperglycemia in pregnancy for women affected by GDM. © 2018 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Pregnancy-related risk factors are associated with a significant burden of treated hypertension within 10 years of delivery: Findings from a population-based Norwegian Cohort; Background--The association between pregnancy complications and women's later cardiovascular disease has, primarily, been evaluated in studies lacking information on important covariates. This report evaluates the prospective associations between pregnancy-related risk factors (preeclampsia/eclampsia, gestational hypertension, pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and fetal growth restriction) and pharmacologically treated hypertension within 10 years after pregnancy, while adjusting for a wide range of covariates. Methods and Results--Prepregnancy normotensive women participating in the MoBa (Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study) from January 2004 through July 2009 were linked to the Norwegian Prescription Database to identify women with pharmacologically treated hypertension beyond the postpartum period of 3 months. The burden of hypertension associated with pregnancy-related risk factors was evaluated using an attributable fraction method. A total of 1480 women developed pharmacologically treated hypertension within the follow-up among 60 027 women (rate of hypertension, 3.6/1000 person-years). The proportion of hypertension associated with a history of preeclampsia/eclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm delivery, and pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus was 28.6% (95% confidence interval, 25.5%-31.6%) on the basis of multivariable analyses adjusting for numerous covariates. The proportion was similar for women with a healthy prepregnancy body mass index (18.5-24.9 kg/m2; attributable fraction (AF)% 25.9%; 95% confidence interval, 21.3%-30.3%), but considerably higher for nulliparous women at baseline within the first 5 years of follow-up. Small-for-gestational age, however, did not increase subsequent hypertension risk in multivariable analyses. Conclusions--A structured postpartum follow-up of high-risk women identified through pregnancy-related risk factors would facilitate personalized preventive strategies to postpone or avoid onset of premature cardiovascular events. © 2018 The Authors.
The effects of metformin on maternal haemodynamics in gestational diabetes mellitus: A pilot study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major clinical challenge and is likely to remain so as the incidence of GDM continues to increase. Aim: To assess longitudinal changes in maternal haemodynamics amongst women diagnosed with GDM requiring either metformin or dietary intervention in comparison to low-risk healthy controls. Methodology: Fifty-six pregnant women attending their first appointment at the GDM clinic and 60 low-risk healthy pregnant controls attending their routine antenatal clinics were recruited and assigned to three groups: GDM Metformin (GDM-M), GDM Diet (GDM-D) and Control. Non-invasive assessment of maternal haemodynamics, using recognised measures of arterial stiffness and central blood pressure (Arteriograph®), were undertaken under controlled conditions within four gestational windows: antenatal; AN1 (26–28 weeks), AN2 (32–34 weeks) and AN3 (37–40 weeks), and postnatal (PN) (6–8 weeks after delivery). Data were analysed using a linear mixed model incorporating gestational age and other relevant predictors, including age, blood pressure (BP), baseline bodyweight and pulse as fixed effects, and patient as a random effect. Results: Fitted linear mixed models showed evidence of a two-way interaction effect between groups (GDM-D, GDM-M and Control) and stages of gestation (AN1, AN2, AN3 and PN) for maternal haemodynamic parameters: brachial artery augmentation index (AIx) (p = 0.004), aortic AIx (p = 0.008), and central systolic BP (p = 0.001). However, differences in respect of aortic pulse wave velocity (p = 0.001) and heart rate (p < 0.001) were only significant for gestational stage. At AN2, we did not observe any evidence that the mean brachial Aix in the GDM-M was different from the control group (p = 0.158). Conclusion: AIx and central systolic BP measures of arterial stiffness are adversely affected by GDM in comparison to controls during pregnancy. The possible beneficial effects of metformin therapy seen at 32 to 34 weeks of gestation require further exploration. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Epidemiology of diabetes and diabetic complications in China; The People’s Republic of China (herein referred to as China) has witnessed one of the most dramatic rises in diabetes prevalence anywhere in the world. The latest epidemiological study suggests that approximately 11% of the population has diabetes, with a significant proportion remaining undiagnosed. Risk factors for diabetes in the Chinese population are similar to those in other populations, though gestational diabetes and young-onset diabetes is becoming increasingly common. Data on the prevalence of diabetic complications remain limited, though cardio–renal complications account for significant morbidity and mortality. Other diabetes-related comorbidities are becoming increasingly common, with cancer emerging as a major cause of mortality among individuals with diabetes. There are many challenges and obstacles that impede effective diabetes prevention and the delivery of care, though much progress has occurred over recent years. Lessons learnt from how China has responded to the challenges posed by the diabetes epidemic will be invaluable for other countries facing the many threats of diabetes and its complications. © 2018, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Therapies for gestational diabetes and their implications for maternal and offspring health: Evidence from human and animal studies; Obesity prior to and during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of complications during pregnancy. One of the most common complications of pregnancy is gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a condition characterized by hyperglycemia and insulin resistance that is diagnosed in the third trimester of pregnancy. GDM predisposes both mothers and their children to increased obesity and cardiometabolic disorders, namely type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Current treatments include lifestyle changes and insulin injections, but oral anti-diabetic drugs such as metformin and glyburide are increasingly prescribed as they do not require injections. However, the long-term implications of therapies for diabetes during pregnancy on mothers and their offspring are not fully understood. In this review, we describe current treatments for GDM, including the first line lifestyle interventions such as exercise as well as insulin, glyburides and metformin. We also review selected natural health products that are sometimes used by individuals during pregnancy that could also be an effective therapeutic in pregnancies characterized by obesity or GDM. We focus on both the short- and long-term effects of treatments on the health of mothers and their offspring. We review the current literature from clinical research and animal studies. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Metformin for women who are overweight or obese during pregnancy for improving maternal and infant outcomes; Background: There has been considerable interest in providing antenatal dietary and lifestyle advice for women with obesity or who are overweight during pregnancy, as a strategy to limit gestational weight gain and improve maternal and infant health. However, such antenatal interventions appear to have a modest effect on gestational weight gain and other clinical pregnancy and birth outcomes and additional strategies are required. Metformin is an oral insulin-sensitising medication that acts to decrease blood glucose concentrations. Metformin is commonly used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus and polycystic ovarian syndrome, and is being used increasingly in the treatment of gestational diabetes, having been shown to result in decreased rates of caesarean birth and neonatal hypoglycaemia. Metformin may be an adjuvant therapy to current antenatal strategies in pregnant women with obesity or who are overweight, acting to reduce glucose production in the liver and improve glucose uptake in smooth muscle cells, and therefore improve the overall metabolic health of women in pregnancy and reduce the risk of known adverse pregnancy outcomes. Objectives: To evaluate the role of metformin in pregnant women with obesity or who are overweight, on maternal and infant outcomes, including adverse effects of treatment and costs. Search methods: We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register, ClinicalTrials.gov, the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) (11 October 2017), and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria: All published and unpublished randomised controlled trials evaluating metformin use (compared with placebo or no metformin) in women with obesity or who are overweight in pregnancy for improving outcomes, alone or in combination with other interventions were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted data and checked them for accuracy. We used the GRADE approach to assess the quality of the evidence. Main results: We included three studies which randomised women (1099) with a body mass index (BMI) of 30 kg/m2 (1 study) and 35 kg/m2 (2 studies), with outcomes available for 1034 participants. None of the studies assessed women with a BMI between 25 kg/m2and 29.9 kg/m2, therefore we could not assess the use of metformin in women considered overweight. We did not identify studies of metformin in combination with another treatment. Two other studies are ongoing. All three included studies were randomised controlled trials and compared metformin with placebo, commencing early in the second trimester. Doses ranged from 500 mg twice daily to 3.0 g per day. All three studies (two in the UK, one in Egypt) included women attending hospitals for antenatal care. Two studies were generally at a low risk of bias across the majority of domains. We assessed the third study as being at an unclear risk of selection bias, performance and detection bias due to insufficient information in the report. We assessed the trial as being at a low risk of attrition bias and other bias; we felt it was at a high risk of reporting bias. The primary outcome for this review was infant birthweight large-for-gestational-age (> 90th centile for gestational age and infant sex). Women who received metformin or placebo had a similar risk of their baby being born large for his or her gestational age (risk ratio (RR) 0.95, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 1.30; 2 studies, 831 infants; high-quality evidence). Women who received metformin may have a slightly lower gestational weight gain (mean difference (MD) -2.60 kg, 95% CI -5.29 to 0.10; 3 studies, 899 women; low-quality evidence). Metformin may make little or no difference in the risk of women developing gestational hypertension (average RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.54 to 1.94; 3 studies, 1040 women; low-quality evidence) or pre-eclampsia (RR 0.74, 95% CI 0.09 to 6.28; 2 studies, 840 women; low-quality evidence). Metformin probably makes little or no difference in the risk of women developing gestational diabetes (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.61 to 1.19; 3 studies, 892 women; moderate-quality evidence). One study of 400 women reported women receiving metformin were more likely to experience any adverse effect compared with women receiving placebo (RR 1.63, 95% CI 1.27 to 2.08; 1 study, 400 women). Adverse effects included abdominal pain, diarrhoea, or headache. When considering individual side effects, women receiving metformin were more likely to experience diarrhoea than women receiving placebo (RR 2.34, 95% CI 1.74 to 3.14; 797 women; 2 studies, 797 women; high-quality evidence). No other important differences were identified between Metformin and placebo for other maternal secondary outcomes, including: caesarean birth, birth before 37 weeks of pregnancy, shoulder dystocia, perineal tear, or postpartum haemorrhage. In terms of other infant outcomes, there was little or no difference in the infant birthweight (MD 6.39 g, 95% CI -81.15 to 93.92; 2 studies, 834 infants; high-quality evidence). There were no other important differences identified for other infant secondary outcomes in this review: hypoglycaemia (low blood sugar); hyperbilirubinaemia (jaundice); Apgar score less than 7 at five minutes; or stillbirth and neonatal death. Only one study reported admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), indicating similar rates of admission between women receiving metformin or placebo; no other admission data were reported to assess differences in costs. Authors' conclusions: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of metformin for women with obesity in pregnancy for improving maternal and infant outcomes. Metformin was, however, associated with increased risk of adverse effects, particularly diarrhoea. The quality of the evidence in this review varied from high to low, with downgrading decisions based on study limitations and inconsistency. There were only a small number of studies included in this review. Furthermore, none of the included studies included women categorised as 'overweight' and no trials looked at metformin in combination with another treatment. Future research is required in order to further evaluate the role of metformin therapy in pregnant women with obesity or who are overweight, as a strategy to improve maternal and infant health, alone or as an adjuvant to dietary and lifestyle advice. © 2018 The Cochrane Collaboration.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and obstetric complications; Gestational diabetes mellitus is not only an important medical, but also a serious social problem in developed countries. Despite the sufficiently high level of development of modern medicine, the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus is gradually increasing and reflects an increase in the incidence of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus worldwide. The specialized literature has been reviewed to analyze the main issues of the etiopathogenesis and diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus. The paper analyzes the data of Russian and foreign studies of the causes and risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus. The presented materials demonstrate that gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with several maternal and fetal comorbidities in the short term and carries a high risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases for both mother and child in the future in the long term. In this connection, a search for universal markers is needed to identify women at high risk of gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2019 Bionika Media Ltd. All rights reserved.
No. 367-2019 Canadian Guideline for Physical Activity throughout Pregnancy; Objective: The objective is to provide guidance for pregnant women, and obstetric care and exercise professionals, on prenatal physical activity. Outcomes: The outcomes evaluated were maternal, fetal, or neonatal morbidity or fetal mortality during and following pregnancy. Evidence: Literature was retrieved through searches of Medline, EMBASE, PsycINFO, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Scopus and Web of Science Core Collection, CINAHL Plus with Full-text, Child Development & Adolescent Studies, ERIC, Sport Discus, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the Trip Database from database inception up to January 6, 2017. Primary studies of any design were eligible, except case studies. Results were limited to English, Spanish, or French language materials. Articles related to maternal physical activity during pregnancy reporting on maternal, fetal, or neonatal morbidity or fetal mortality were eligible for inclusion. The quality of evidence was rated using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) methodology. Values: The Guidelines Consensus Panel solicited feedback from end-users (obstetric care providers, exercise professionals, researchers, policy organizations, and pregnant and postpartum women). The development of this guideline followed the Appraisal of Guidelines for Research Evaluation (AGREE) II instrument. Benefits, harms, and costs: The benefits of prenatal physical activity are moderate, and no harms were identified; therefore, the difference between desirable and undesirable consequences (net benefit) is expected to be moderate. The majority of stakeholders and end-users indicated that following these recommendations would be feasible, acceptable, and equitable. Following these recommendations is likely to require minimal resources from both individual and health systems perspectives. Preamble: This guideline provide evidence-based recommendations regarding physical activity throughout pregnancy in the promotion of maternal, fetal, and neonatal health. In the absence of contraindications (see later for a detailed list), following this guideline is associated with: (1) fewer newborn complications (i.e., large for gestational age); and (2) maternal health benefits (i.e., decreased risk of preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, Caesarean section, instrumental delivery, urinary incontinence, excessive gestational weight gain, and depression; improved blood glucose; decreased total gestational weight gain; and decreased severity of depressive symptoms and lumbopelvic pain). Physical activity is not associated with miscarriage, stillbirth, neonatal death, preterm birth, preterm/prelabour rupture of membranes, neonatal hypoglycemia, low birth weight, birth defects, induction of labour, or birth complications. In general, more physical activity (frequency, duration, and/or volume) is associated with greater benefits. However, evidence was not identified regarding the safety or additional benefit of exercising at levels significantly above the recommendations. Prenatal physical activity should be considered a front-line therapy for reducing the risk of pregnancy complications and enhancing maternal physical and mental health. For pregnant women not currently meeting this guideline, a progressive adjustment toward them is recommended. Previously active women may continue physical activity throughout pregnancy. Women may need to modify physical activity as pregnancy progresses. There may be periods when following the guideline is not possible due to fatigue and/or discomforts of pregnancy; women are encouraged to do what they can and to return to following the recommendations when they are able. This guideline were informed by an extensive systematic review of the literature, expert opinion, end-user consultation and considerations of feasibility, acceptability, costs, and equity. Recommendations: The specific recommendations in this 2019 Canadian Guideline for Physical Activity Throughout Pregnancy are provided below with corresponding statements indicating the quality of the evidence informing the recommendations and the strength of the recommendations (explanations follow). 1 All women without contraindication should be physically active throughout pregnancy (strong recommendation, moderate quality evidence). Specific subgroups were examined: a Women who were previously inactive (strong recommendation, moderate quality evidence). b Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (weak recommendation,a low quality evidence). c Women categorized as overweight or obese (pre-pregnancy body mass index ≥25 kg/m2) (strong recommendation,b low quality evidence). 2 Pregnant women should accumulate at least 150 minutes of moderate-intensityc physical activity each week to achieve clinically meaningful health benefits and reductions in pregnancy complications (strong recommendation, moderate quality evidence). 3 Physical activity should be accumulated over a minimum of 3 days per week; however, being active every day is encouraged (strong recommendation, moderate quality evidence). 4 Pregnant women should incorporate a variety of aerobic exercise and resistance training activities to achieve greater benefits. Adding yoga and/or gentle stretching may also be beneficial (strong recommendation, high quality evidence). 5 Pelvic floor muscle training (e.g., Kegel exercises) may be performed on a daily basis to reduce the risk of urinary incontinence. Instruction in proper technique is recommended to obtain optimal benefits (weak recommendation,d low quality evidence). 6 Pregnant women who experience light-headedness, experience nausea, or feel unwell when they exercise flat on their back should modify their exercise position to avoid the supine position (weak recommendation,e very low quality evidence). Contraindications: All pregnant women can participate in physical activity throughout pregnancy with the exception of those who have contraindications (listed below). Women with absolute contraindications may continue their usual activities of daily living but should not participate in more strenuous activities. Women with relative contraindications should discuss the advantages and disadvantages of moderate-to-vigorous intensity physical activity with their obstetric care provider prior to participation. Absolute contraindications to exercise are the following: • Ruptured membranes • Premature labour • Unexplained persistent vaginal bleeding • Placenta previa after 28 weeks’ gestation • Preeclampsia • Incompetent cervix • Intrauterine growth restriction • High-order multiple pregnancy (e.g., triplets) • Uncontrolled type 1 diabetes • Uncontrolled hypertension • Uncontrolled thyroid disease • Other serious cardiovascular, respiratory, or systemic disorder Relative contraindications to exercise are the following: • Recurrent pregnancy loss • Gestational hypertension • A history of spontaneous preterm birth • Mild/moderate cardiovascular or respiratory disease • Symptomatic anemia • Malnutrition • Eating disorder • Twin pregnancy after the 28th week • Other significant medical conditions Strength of the Recommendations: The GRADE system was utilized to grade the strength of the recommendations. Recommendations are rated as strong or weak based on the: (1) balance between benefits and harms; (2) overall quality of the evidence; (3) importance of outcomes (i.e., values and preferences of pregnant women); (4) use of resources (i.e., cost); (5) impact on health equity; (6) feasibility, and (7) acceptability. Strong recommendation: Most or all pregnant women will be best served by the recommended course of action. Weak recommendation: Not all pregnant women will be best served by the recommended course of action; there is a need to consider other factors such as the individual's circumstances, preferences, values, resources available, or setting. Consultation with an obstetric care provider may assist in decision-making. Quality of the Evidence: The quality of the evidence refers to the level of confidence in the evidence and ranges from very low to high. High quality: The Guideline Consensus Panel is very confident that the estimated effect of physical activity on the health outcome is close to the true effect. Moderate quality: The Guideline Consensus Panel is moderately confident in the estimated effect of physical activity on the health outcome; the estimate of the effect is likely to be close to the true effect, but there is a possibility that it is substantially different. Low quality: The Guideline Consensus Panel's confidence in the estimated effect of physical activity on the health outcome is limited; the estimate of the effect may be substantially different from the true effect. Very low quality: The Guideline Consensus Panel has very little confidence in the estimated effect of physical activity on the health outcome; the estimate of the effect is likely to be substantially different from the true effect. aThis was a weak recommendation because the quality of evidence was low, and the net benefit between women who were physically active and those who were not was small. bThis was a strong recommendation because, despite low quality evidence supporting physical activity during pregnancy for women categorized as overweight or obese, there was evidence from randomized controlled trials demonstrating an improvement in gestational weight gain and blood glucose. cModerate-intensity physical activity is intense enough to noticeably increase heart rate; a person can talk but not sing during activities of this intensity. Examples of moderate-intensity physical activity include brisk walking, water aerobics, stationary cycling (moderate effort), resistance training, carrying moderate loads, and household chores (e.g., gardening, washing windows). dThis was a weak recommendation because urinary incontinence was was not rated as a “critical” outcome and the evidence was low quality. eThis was a weak recommendation because: (1) the quality of evidence was very low; and (2) although harms were investigated there was limited available information to inform the balance of benefits and harms. This recommendation was primarily based on expert opinion. © 2018
Sex differences in the developmental origins of cardiometabolic disease following exposure to maternal obesity and gestational diabetes; Over the past 30 years, the worldwide prevalence of obesity has nearly doubled. In addition, more and more women in their child-bearing years are overweight or obese, which increases the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). It is increasingly accepted by the scientific community that early life exposure to environmental stress influences the long-term health of an individual, which has been termed the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease theory. Evidence from human cohorts and epidemiological and animal studies has shown that maternal obesity and GDM condition the offspring for cardiometabolic disease development. These effects are most likely regulated by epigenetic mechanisms; however, biological sex is an important factor in defining the risk of the development of several metabolic health disorders. The aim of this review is to describe the current evidence from human cohort and animal model studies that implicates sex differences in the developmental origins of cardiometabolic disease following exposure to maternal obesity and GDM. In addition, this review addresses the potential mechanisms involved in these sex differences. In many studies, sex is ignored as an important variable in disease development; however, the results presented in this review highlight important differences between sexes in the developmental programming of biological responses to exposures during the fetal stage. This knowledge will ultimately help in the development of effective therapeutic strategies for the treatment of cardiometabolic diseases that exhibit sexual dimorphism. © 2019, Canadian Science Publishing. All rights reserved.
Hyperglycemia in pregnancy and its implications for a woman's future risk of cardiovascular disease; It is well established that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a population of women who are at risk of ultimately developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM) later in life. Moreover, this relationship extends across the full spectrum of hyperglycemia in pregnancy, with lesser degrees of gestational dysglycemia identifying a proportionate gradient of future risk of T2DM. Importantly, a growing body of evidence suggests that an analogous relationship exists between hyperglycemia in pregnancy and a woman's long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), as well. Indeed, as compared to their peers, woman who had GDM have a higher risk of major cardiovascular events, which first manifests within the first decade after the index pregnancy. Although the absolute incidence of such events remains low in young women of child-bearing age, the identification of future risk of CVD at this early point in its natural history may provide the unique opportunity for timely intervention and ideally disease prevention. Thus, in this review, we discuss the emerging concept of hyperglycemia in pregnancy as an indicator of the future risk of CVD in young women and its implications for research and clinical practice. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Sodium acetate and androgen receptor blockade improve gestational androgen excess-induced deteriorated glucose homeostasis and antioxidant defenses in rats: roles of adenosine deaminase and xanthine oxidase activities; Nutritional challenges and androgen excess have been implicated in the development of gestational diabetes and poor fetal outcome, but the mechanisms are not well delineated. The effects of short chain fatty acid (SCFA) on glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome induced by gestational androgen excess is also not known. We tested the hypothesis that blockade of androgen receptor (AR) and suppression of late gestational androgen excess prevents glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome through suppression of adenosine deaminase (ADA)/xanthine oxidase (XO) pathway. Twenty-four pregnant Wistar rats were treated (sc) with olive oil, testosterone propionate (0.5 mg/kg) singly or in combination with SCFA (sodium acetate; 200 mg/kg; p.o.) or AR blocker (flutamide; 7.5 mg/kg; p.o.) between gestational days 14 and 19. The results showed that late gestational androgen excess led to glucose deregulation, poor fetal outcome, increased plasma and hepatic free fatty acid and lactate dehydrogenase, liver function marker enzymes, malondialdehyde, uric acid, ADA and XO activities. Conversely, gestational androgen excess resulted in reduced body weight gain, visceral adiposity, plasma and hepatic anti-oxidant defenses (glutathione peroxidase, reduced glutathione/glutathione disulphide ratio, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, adenosine and nitric oxide). However, all these effects were ameliorated by either sodium acetate or flutamide treatment. The study demonstrates that suppression of testosterone by SCFA or AR blockade protects against glucose deregulation and poor fetal outcome by improvement of anti-oxidant defenses and replenishment of hepatic oxidative capacity through suppression of ADA/XO pathway. Hence, utility of SCFA should be encouraged for prevention of glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
Programming of vascular dysfunction in the intrauterine milieu of diabetic pregnancies; With the rising global tide of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) burgeoned into one of the most common antenatal disorders worldwide. Macrosomic babies born to diabetic mothers are more likely to develop risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) before they reach adulthood. Rodent studies in offspring born to hyperglycemic pregnancies show vascular dysfunction characterized by impaired nitric oxide (NO)-mediated vasodilation and increased production of contractile prostanoids by cyclooxygenase 2 (COX-2). Vascular dysfunction is a key pathogenic event in the progression of diabetes-related vascular disease, primarily attributable to glucotoxicity. Therefore, glucose-induced vascular injury may stem directly from the hyperglycemic intrauterine environment of GDM pregnancy, as evinced by studies showing endothelial activation and inflammation at birth or in childhood in offspring born to GDM mothers. This review discusses potential mechanisms by which intrauterine hyperglycemia programs dysfunction in the developing vasculature. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Diagnosis and follow-up of type 2 diabetes in women with PCOS: A role for OGTT?; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is common in premenopausal women. The majority of women with PCOS have insulin resistance and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) is higher in women with PCOS compared to controls. In non-pregnant women with PCOS, glycemic status may be assessed by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), fasting plasma glucose (FPG) or HbA1c. OGTT has been reckoned gold standard test for diagnosing T2D, but OGTT is rarely used for diagnostic purpose in other non-pregnant individuals at risk of T2D, apart from PCOS. OGTT has questionable reproducibility, and high sensitivity of the 2-h glucose value is at the expense of relatively low specificity, especially regarding impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Furthermore, lean women with PCOS are rarely diagnosed with T2D and only few percent of normal-weight women have prediabetes. Glycemic status is necessary at diagnosis and during follow-up of PCOS, especially in women with high risk of T2D (obesity, previous gestational diabetes (GDM)). We suggest that OGTT should be used in the same situations in PCOS as in other patient groups at risk of T2D. OGTT is indicated for diagnosing GDM; however, OGTT during pregnancy may not be indicated in lean women with PCOS without other risk factors for GDM. © 2018 European Society of Endocrinology.
Risk factors for hyperglycemia in pregnancy in the DALI study differ by period of pregnancy and OGTT time point; Objective: Risk factors are widely used to identify women at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) without clear distinction by pregnancy period or oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) time points. We aimed to assess the clinical risk factors for Hyperglycemia in pregnancy (HiP) differentiating by these two aspects. Design and methods: Nine hundred seventy-one overweight/obese pregnant women, enrolled in the DALI study for preventing GDM. OGTTs were performed at ≤19 + 6, 24–28 and 35–37 weeks (IADPSG/WHO2013 criteria). Women with GDM or overt diabetes at one time point did not proceed to further OGTTs. Potential independent variables included baseline maternal and current pregnancy characteristics. Statistical analysis: Multivariate logistic regression. Results: Clinical characteristics independently associated with GDM/overt diabetes were at ≤19 + 6 weeks, previous abnormal glucose tolerance (odds ratio (OR): 3.11; 95% CI: 1.41–6.85), previous GDM (OR: 2.22; 95% CI: 1.20–4.11), neck circumference (NC) (OR: 1.58; 95% CI: 1.06–2.36 for the upper tertile), resting heart rate (RHR, OR: 1.99; 95% CI: 1.31–3.00 for the upper tertile) and recruitment site; at 24–28 weeks, previous stillbirth (OR: 2.92; 95% CI: 1.18-7.22), RHR (OR: 3.32; 95% CI: 1.70-6.49 for the upper tertile) and recruitment site; at 35–37 weeks, maternal height (OR: 0.41; 95% CI: 0.20–0.87 for upper tertile). Clinical characteristics independently associated with GDM/overt diabetes differed by OGTT time point (e.g. at ≤19 + 6 weeks, NC was associated with abnormal fasting but not postchallenge glucose). Conclusion: In this population, most clinical characteristics associated with GDM/overt diabetes were non-modifiable and differed by pregnancy period and OGTT time point. The identified risk factors can help define the target population for future intervention trials. © 2018 European Society of Endocrinology.
Mermaid Syndrome: A Case Report of a Rare Congenital Anomaly in Full-Term Neonate with Thumb Deformity; The mermaid syndrome (sirenomelia) is an extremely rare anomaly, an incidence of 1 in 100,000 births, in which a newborn born with legs joined together featuring a mermaid-like appearance (head and trunk like humans and tail like fish), and in most cases die shortly after birth. Gastrointestinal and urogenital anomalies and single umbilical artery are clinical outcome of this syndrome. There are two important hypotheses for pathogenesis of mermaid syndrome: vitelline artery steal hypothesis and defective blastogenesis hypothesis. The cause of the mermaid syndrome is unknown, but there are some possible factors such as age younger than 20 years and older than 40 years in mother and exposure of fetus to teratogenics. Here, we introduced 19-year-old mother's first neonate with mermaid syndrome. The mother had gestational diabetes mellitus and neonate was born with single lower limb, ambiguous genitalia, and thumb anomalies, and 4 days after birth, the neonate died due to multiple anomalies and imperforated anus. © 2018 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Technology-Enhanced Consultations in Diabetes, Cancer, and Heart Failure: Protocol for the Qualitative Analysis of Remote Consultations (QuARC) Project; Background: Remote videoconsulting is promoted by policy makers as a way of delivering health care efficiently to an aging population with rising rates of chronic illness. As a radically new service model, it brings operational and interactional challenges in using digital technologies. In-depth research on this dynamic is needed before remote consultations are introduced more widely. Objective: The objective of this study will be to identify and analyze the communication strategies through which remote consultations are accomplished and to guide patients and clinicians to improve the communicative quality of remote consultations. Methods: In previous research, we collected and analyzed two separate datasets of remote consultations in a National Institute for Health Research–funded study of clinics in East London using Skype and a Wellcome Trust–funded study of specialist community heart failure teams in Oxford using Skype or FaceTime. The Qualitative Analysis of Remote Consultations (QuARC) study will combine datasets and undertake detailed interactional microanalysis of up to 40 remote consultations undertaken by senior and junior doctors and nurse specialists, including consultations with adults with diabetes, women who have diabetes during pregnancy, people consulting for postoperative cancer surgery and community-based patients having routine heart failure reviews along with up to 25 comparable face-to-face consultations. Drawing on established techniques (eg, conversation analysis), analysis will examine the contextual features in remote consultations (eg, restricted visual field) combined with close analysis of different modes of communication (eg, speech, gesture, and gaze). Results: Our findings will address the current gap in knowledge about how technology shapes the fine detail of communication in remote consultations. Alongside academic outputs, findings will inform the coproduction of information and guidance about communication strategies to support successful remote consultations. Conclusions: Identifying the communication strategies through which remote consultations are accomplished and producing guidance for patients and clinicians about how to use this kind of technology successfully in consultations is an important and timely goal because roll out of remote consultations is planned across the National Health Service. ©Sara E Shaw, Deborah Cameron, Joseph Wherton, Lucas M Seuren, Shanti Vijayaraghavan, Satyajit Bhattacharya, Christine A’Court, Joanne Morris, Trisha Greenhalgh.
Is FGF-23 an early indicator of atherosclerosis and cardiac dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes?; Objective: Fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF-23) is a phosphorus-regulating hormone and plays a role in the pathogenesis of myocardial hypertrophy. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association of FGF-23 levels with echocardiographic parameters and insulin resistance (IR) in patients with gestational diabetes. Subjects and methods: Fifty-four pregnant patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (age, 31.12 ± 5.72 years) and 33 healthy pregnant women (age, 29.51 ± 4.92 years) were involved in the study. Fasting insulin, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), lipid profile, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), FGF23, echocardiographic parameters, and carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT) were evaluated in the two groups. Results: The two groups were not significantly different in age, sex, body mass index, lipid profile, or blood pressure. Insulin, homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), FGF-23 levels, CIMT, left ventricular (LV) mass, LV mass index and myocardial performance index (MPI) were significantly higher in the GDM group. HOMA-IR was positively correlated with FGF-23, and insulin was positively correlated with FGF-23. Additionally, FGF-23 was positively correlated with CIMT, LV mass index, and MPI. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that monitoring serum FGF-23 may be useful as a non-invasive indicator of subclinical atherosclerosis in patients with GDM. © 2018, Sociedade Brasileira de Endocrinologia e Metabologia. All rights reserved.
Human fetoplacental arterial and venous endothelial cells are differentially programmed by gestational diabetes mellitus, resulting in cell-specific barrier function changes; Aims/hypothesis: An adverse intrauterine environment can result in permanent changes in the physiology of the offspring and predispose to diseases in adulthood. One such exposure, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), has been linked to development of metabolic disorders and cardiovascular disease in offspring. Epigenetic variation, including DNA methylation, is recognised as a leading mechanism underpinning fetal programming and we hypothesised that this plays a key role in fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction following exposure to GDM. Thus, we conducted a pilot epigenetic study to analyse concordant DNA methylation and gene expression changes in GDM-exposed fetoplacental endothelial cells. Methods: Genome-wide methylation analysis of primary fetoplacental arterial endothelial cells (AEC) and venous endothelial cells (VEC) from healthy pregnancies and GDM-complicated pregnancies in parallel with transcriptome analysis identified methylation and expression changes. Most-affected pathways and functions were identified by Ingenuity Pathway Analysis and validated using functional assays. Results: Transcriptome and methylation analyses identified variation in gene expression linked to GDM-associated DNA methylation in 408 genes in AEC and 159 genes in VEC, implying a direct functional link. Pathway analysis found that genes altered by exposure to GDM clustered to functions associated with ‘cell morphology’ and ‘cellular movement’ in healthy AEC and VEC. Further functional analysis demonstrated that GDM-exposed cells had altered actin organisation and barrier function. Conclusions/interpretation: Our data indicate that exposure to GDM programs atypical morphology and barrier function in fetoplacental endothelial cells by DNA methylation and gene expression change. The effects differ between AEC and VEC, indicating a stringent cell-specific sensitivity to adverse exposures associated with developmental programming in utero. Data availability: DNA methylation and gene expression datasets generated and analysed during the current study are available at the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo) under accession numbers GSE106099 and GSE103552, respectively. © 2018, The Author(s).
Sleep-Disordered Breathing in Pregnancy; Sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) in pregnancy can present as snoring and/or obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), and the prevalence is increasing due to the increase in maternal obesity. Pregnant women often present with fatigue and daytime sleepiness rather than the classic symptoms. Habitual snoring, older age, chronic hypertension, and high prepregnancy body mass index are reliable indicators of increased risk for SDB and should trigger further testing. The gold standard for diagnosis of OSA is an overnight laboratory polysomnography. Although there are no studies linking SDB to poor fetal outcomes, fetal well-being remains paramount throughout the course of pregnancy. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
MALAT1 as a diagnostic and therapeutic target in diabetes-related complications: A promising long-noncoding RNA; Diabetes mellitus is a global issue with increasing incidence rate worldwide. In an uncontrolled case, it can advance to various organ-related complications leading to an increase in morbidity and mortality. Long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) Metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1) appears to be a fairly novel lncRNA that is relevant to diabetes and its role in diabetic-related diseases initiation and progression have long been a subject of attention to many scholars. The expression of MALAT1 is elevated in different diabetic-related diseases. In this review, we demonstrate the various functions of MALAT1 in the different diabetes-related complications including ischemic reperfusion injury, retinopathy, cataract, atherosclerosis, cardiomyopathy, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, gastroparesis, kidney disease, and gestational diabetes. The emerging evidence showed that the role of MALAT1 in diabetic-related complications is both pro-inflammatory and apoptosis in different cell types. These results concluded that MALAT1 is a potential diagnostic and future targeted therapy for diabetes-associated complications. © Ivyspring International Publisher.
Epigenetic down-regulation of sirt 1 via DNA methylation and oxidative stress signaling contributes to the gestational diabetes mellitus-induced fetal programming of heart ischemia-sensitive phenotype in late life; Rationale: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing worldwide. However, whether and how GDM exposure induces fetal programming of adult cardiac dysfunctional phenotype, especially the underlying epigenetic molecular mechanisms and theranostics remain unclear. To address this problem, we developed a late GDM rat model. Methods: Pregnant rats were made diabetic on day 12 of gestation by streptozotocin (STZ). Experiments were conducted in 6 weeks old offspring. Results: There were significant increases in ischemia-induced cardiac infarction and gender-dependent left ventricular (LV) dysfunction in male offspring in GDM group as compared to controls. Exposure to GDM enhanced ROS level and caused a global DNA methylation in offspring cardiomyocytes. GDM attenuated cardiac Sirt 1 protein and p-Akt/Akt levels, but enhanced autophagy-related proteins expression (Atg 5 and LC3 II/LC3 I) as compared to controls. Ex-vivo treatment of DNA methylation inhibitor, 5-Aza directly inhibited Dnmt3A and enhanced Sirt 1 protein expression in fetal hearts. Furthermore, treatment with antioxidant, N-acetyl-cysteine (NAC) in offspring reversed GDM-mediated DNA hypermethylation, Sirt1 repression and autophagy-related gene protein overexpression in the hearts, and rescued GDM-induced deterioration in heart ischemic injury and LV dysfunction. Conclusion: Our data indicated that exposure to GDM induced offspring cardiac oxidative stress and DNA hypermethylation, resulting in an epigenetic down-regulation of Sirt1 gene and aberrant development of heart ischemia-sensitive phenotype, which suggests that Sirt 1-mediated signaling is the potential therapeutic target for the heart ischemic disease in offspring. © Ivyspring International Publisher.
Previous Gestational Diabetes Increases Atherogenic Dyslipidemia in Subsequent Pregnancy and Postpartum; In a cohort of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), we aimed to ascertain whether women with abnormal glucose tolerance 1-year postdelivery had a more atherogenic lipid profile during and after pregnancy than those with normal glucose tolerance. A prospective cohort study with longitudinal design between January 2004 and March 2016 was conducted. Three hundred and six (56.8%) of 537 women diagnosed with GDM during the studied period attended a control visit during the first year after delivery. Of these, 112 (36.6%) had prediabetes and 16 (5.2%) had type 2 diabetes mellitus. No significant differences during pregnancy were found in total, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and triacylglycerol (TAG) concentrations among the three groups. Only HDL cholesterol and TAG levels differed significantly among groups at 2 and 12 months after delivery. Logistic regression analysis revealed pregnancy HDL and glucose metabolism status to be associated with the HDL cholesterol concentration 1-year postdelivery. Furthermore, the only independent factor associated with TAG levels 1 year after delivery was the gestational TAG concentration. In summary, an overweight multiethnic group of women with prior GDM presented a high incidence of postpartum dysglycemia (41.8%). HDL-cholesterol and TAG levels, both components of the metabolic syndrome, differed significantly among the three study groups in the glucose-metabolism status at 2 and 12 months after delivery. Women with previous GDM must be followed up in the postpartum period for early detection and management of lipid and glucose disorders. © 2018 AOCS
Cardiovascular disease risk unmasked by pregnancy complications; Pregnancy related complications indicate a propensity for atherosclerotic disease. Epidemiologic data demonstrate early onset cardiovascular disease in women with a history of pregnancy loss, preterm pregnancy or pregnancy complicated by intrauterine growth restriction. Early onset diabetes, increased rates of MI and increased rates of stroke are more prevalent after gestational diabetes. In addition, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy mark significant pathophysiologic changes, including vascular dysfunction and immunologic changes, which induce atherogenesis and result in a substantial increase in rates of stroke, ischemic heart disease and cardiac mortality. Metabolic, endothelial and inflammatory changes are responsible for either the early onset or early recognition of cardiovascular disease propensity in patients who experience a complicated pregnancy. Therefore, the American Heart Association guidelines recognize pregnancy related complications as an independent risk factor for heart disease. This review informs physicians of epidemiologic data and, guideline recommendations and is meant to guide physicians in early interventions including provider education, routine post-partum multidisciplinary (primary care, obstetrics, cardiology) evaluation, risk factor monitoring and control after a complicated pregnancy. © 2018 European Federation of Internal Medicine
A cautionary response to SMFM statement: pharmacological treatment of gestational diabetes; Use of oral agents to treat gestational diabetes mellitus remains controversial. Recent recommendations from the Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine assert that metformin may be a safe first-line alternative to insulin for gestational diabetes mellitus treatment and preferable to glyburide. However, several issues should give pause to the widespread adoption of metformin use during pregnancy. Fetal concentrations of metformin are equal to maternal, and metformin can inhibit growth, suppress mitochondrial respiration, have epigenetic modifications on gene expression, mimic fetal nutrient restriction, and alter postnatal gluconeogenic responses. Because both the placenta and fetus express metformin transporters and exhibit high mitochondrial activity, these properties raise important questions about developmental programming of metabolic disease in offspring. Animal studies have demonstrated that prenatal metformin exposure results in adverse long-term outcomes on body weight and metabolism. Two recent clinical randomized controlled trials in women with gestational diabetes mellitus or polycystic ovary syndrome provide evidence that metformin exposure in utero may produce a metabolic phenotype that increases childhood weight or obesity. These developmental programming effects challenge the conclusion that metformin is equivalent to insulin. Although the Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine statement endorsed metformin over glyburide if oral agents are used, there are few studies directly comparing the 2 agents and it is not clear that metformin alone is superior to glyburide. Moreover, it should be noted that prior clinical studies have dosed glyburide in a manner inconsistent with its pharmacokinetic properties, resulting in poor glycemic control and high rates of maternal hypoglycemia. We concur with the American Diabetes Association and American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, which recommend insulin as the preferred agent, but we believe that it is premature to embrace metformin as equivalent to insulin or superior to glyburide. Due to the uncertainty of the long-term metabolic risks of either metformin or glyburide, we call for carefully controlled studies that optimize oral medication dosing according to their pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties in pregnancy, appropriately target medications based on individual patterns of hyperglycemia, and follow the offspring long-term for metabolic risk. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
Potential prognostic biomarkers of cardiovascular disease in fetal macrosomia: the impact of gestational diabetes; Objective: Fetal macrosomia is associated with cardiac hypertrophy and increased cardiovascular risk. Cardiac biomarkers may play diagnostic/prognostic role in cardiovascular disease. We tested whether cardiac biomarkers are differentially expressed in cord blood samples of full-term singleton large-for-gestational-age (LGA), as compared to appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) pregnancies. Methods: Cardiotrophin-1 (CT-1), Titin, pentraxin (PTX-3) and soluble CD36 (sCD36) concentrations were determined in 80 cord blood samples from a) LGA pregnancies due to maternal diabetes (n = 8), overweight/obese (n = 11), excessive weight gain (n = 7), without specific pathology (n = 14), b) AGA normal pregnancies (controls, n = 40). Neonates were classified as LGA or AGA based on customized birth weight (BW) standards. Results: CT-1 and Titin concentrations were higher in LGA than AGA pregnancies (p <.001 and p =.023, respectively). A subgroup analysis (in the LGA group) showed increased CT-1 concentrations only in diabetic pregnancies. PTX-3 and sCD36 concentrations were similar in LGA and AGA fetuses. In the LGA group, PTX-3 concentrations positively correlated with birth-weight (r =.416, p =.008) and respective sCD36 concentrations (r =.443, p =.004). Conclusion: Higher Titin concentrations in LGAs possibly represent a candidate molecular mechanism underlying the association between fetal macrosomia and cardiomyocyte/diastolic dysfunction. CT-1 is up-regulated only in LGAs exposed to maternal diabetes. PTX-3 and sCD36 are probably not affected by excessive fetal growth. © 2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Guidelines for exercise during normal pregnancy and gestational diabetes: a review of international recommendations; Objective: Τo summarize and present the main guidelines for exercise during normal pregnancy and pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Relevant guidelines were retrieved through the electronic databases PubMed (MEDLINE), CENTRAL (Cochrane), and Embase; reference sections of the retrieved publications; proceedings of the main congresses in the field; and websites of relevant organizations published during the years 2000–2018. Results: All guidelines recommend aerobic training from 60 to 150 min/week, with an upper limit of 30 min/day. Exercise is safe, even on a daily basis. Resistance exercise is suggested by five national guidelines (Australia, Canada, Denmark, Norway, and the UK). Discrepancies exist regarding the recommended intensity of exercise. Canada, Japan, Spain, and the UK use both objective (heart rate and maximum oxygen consumption) and subjective criteria (Borg’s Scale and talk test) to determine the effectiveness and safety of exercise. Only Canada provides specific recommendations, according to the woman’s age and level of physical condition. Women with GDM on no insulin treatment do not need to take extra precautions during exercise. However, due to their condition of hyperglycemia, they must comply with the recommendation issued for type 2 diabetes. The prescription and supervision of exercise should be carried out in a similar way as for uncomplicated pregnancies. Finally, women with GDM on insulin treatment need to follow the same recommendations as for those for pregnant women with type 1 diabetes. Conclusion: Health professionals must be informed about the correct planning and execution of physical exercise programs so as to safely achieve the maximum effectiveness of exercise-induced health-related benefits in pregnant women. © 2018, Hellenic Endocrine Society.
Congenital nephrotic syndrome: A cases report; Congenital nephrotic syndrome (CNS) can be caused by neonatal infections and renal diseases that usually occur in early infancy. The most common CNS is the Finnish type, which is an autosomal recessively inherited disease characterized by intrauterine onset of massive proteinuria. In this study, we presented a preterm neonate confirmed as the first case of CNS in Iran by genetic study, who was admitted to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit of Imam Reza Hospital, Mashhad, Iran. The patient's mother had gestational diabetes mellitus and a history of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy. The newborn was hospitalized at birth because of hypoglycemia. Upon admission, repeat seizure, intraventricular hemorrhage, intracerebral hemorrhage, and edema (specific gravity of more than 58 and sever protein urea) were detected. Furthermore, hypoalbuminemia was observed. The result of the blood culture and cerebral spinal fluid culture were negative. In addition, TORCH and venereal disease research laboratory tests were negative. Finally, genetic study showed a mutation in C3250 DUPG. © 2018 Mashhad University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Mothers with HIP – The short term and long-term impact, what is new?; Hyperglycemia is one of the most common medical conditions that women encounter during pregnancy and it is due to gestational diabetes (GDM) in the majority of cases (International Diabetes Federation, 2015) [1]. GDM is associated with a higher incidence of maternal morbidity in pregnancy in term of hypertensive disorders/preclampsia and higher rate of cesarean delivery but also with long-term risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Pregnancy can therefore be considered a stress test; diagnosis of HIP can unmask a preexisting susceptibility and consequently a future risk for type 2 diabetes and can be a useful marker of future cardiovascular risk. Postpartum follow up provides an excellent opportunity to implement healthy lifestyle behaviors to prevent or delay the development of diabetes or cardiovascular disease. The aim of the current review is to focus on short and long term maternal morbidity of HIP. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Haemodynamic differences amongst women who were screened for gestational diabetes in comparison to healthy controls; Aim: To assess the changes in haemodynamics amongst pregnant women who were screened for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in comparison to low-risk healthy pregnant controls. Methodology: A total of 120 pregnant women of mean (standard deviation) age 31.03 (5.41) years who attended their oral glucose tolerance test as part of the national screening for GDM (study), and 60 low-risk healthy pregnant women (control) of mean age 29.71 (5.33) years, were invited to participate in this study. All women included in the study booked at the University Hospitals of Leicester NHS Trust and fulfilled the relevant inclusion criteria. Non-invasive assessment of arterial stiffness and cardiac output were undertaken on participants between 26 and 28 weeks of pregnancy. The mean difference between GDM and low-risk group for each of the arterial stiffness and cardiac output measurements was assessed by a two-sample unpaired t-test. Results: Significant differences were found between the study and control groups for brachial (−64.5 vs. −69.5, p < 0.04) and aortic augmentation indices (5.2 vs. 2.7, p = 0.04), though there was no significant difference for PWV (8.3 vs. 8.1, p = 0.49). Cardiac output (7.6 vs. 7.0, p = 0.011), stroke volume (84.4 vs. 76.9, p = 0.013) and central mean arterial pressure (71 vs. 58, <0.001) were also significantly different between groups. However, no significant differences were reported for heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, or total peripheral resistance. Conclusion: Pregnant women at risk of GDM between gestational weeks 26 and 28 had significantly increased measures of arterial stiffness, as assessed by brachial and aortic augmentation indices, compared with low-risk healthy controls. Whether these women are at greater long-term cardiovascular disease risk warrants further investigation. © 2018
Maternal cognitive impairment associated with gestational diabetes mellitus—A review of potential contributing mechanisms; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) carries many risks, where high blood pressure, preeclampsia and future type II diabetes are widely acknowledged, but less focus has been placed on its effect on cognitive function. Although the multifactorial pathogenesis of maternal cognitive impairment is not completely understood, it shares several features with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). In this review, we discuss some key pathophysiologies of GDM that may lead to cognitive impairment, specifically hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, oxidative stress, and neuroinflammation. We explain how these incidents: (i) impair the insulin-signaling pathway and/or (ii) lead to cognitive impairment through hyperphosphorylation of τ protein, overexpression of amyloid-β and/or activation of microglia. The aforementioned pathologies impair the insulin-signaling pathway primarily through serine phosphorylation of insulin receptor substances (IRS). This then leads to the inactivation of the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Protein kinase B (PI3K/AKT) signaling cascade, which is responsible for maintaining brain homeostasis and normal cognitive functioning. PI3K/AKT is crucial in maintaining normal cognitive function through the inactivation of glycogen synthase kinase 3β (GSκ3β), which hyperphosphorylates τ protein and releases pro-inflammatory cytokines that are neurotoxic. Several biomarkers were also highlighted as potential biomarkers of GDM-related cognitive impairment such as AGEs, serine-phosphorylated IRS-1 and inflammatory markers such as tumor necrosis factor α (TNF-α), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), leptin, interleukin 1β (IL-1β), and IL-6. Although GDM is a transient disease, its complications may be long-term, and hence increased mechanistic knowledge of the molecular changes contributing to cognitive impairment may provide important clues for interventional strategies. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Biomarkers of vascular injury and endothelial dysfunction after recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy; Objective: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus and milder gestational impaired glucose intolerance have elevated future risks of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, it is unclear whether they show postpartum evidence of vascular injury/dysfunction, an early event in the natural history of cardiovascular disease. Methods: In total, 337 women underwent a glucose challenge test and oral glucose tolerance test in pregnancy, yielding four gestational glucose tolerance groups: gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational impaired glucose intolerance, abnormal glucose challenge test with normal glucose tolerance on the oral glucose tolerance test and normal glucose challenge test with normal glucose tolerance. At 3 years postpartum, they underwent repeat oral glucose tolerance test (on which 69 women had pre-diabetes/diabetes) and measurement of the following serum markers of vascular injury/dysfunction: thrombomodulin, E-selectin, P-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-3 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1. Results: At 3 years postpartum, mean adjusted vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 was the only vascular marker that differed across the previous gestational glucose tolerance groups. On multiple linear regression analysis, each strata of gestational dysglycaemia was an independent predictor of lower vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 at 3 years postpartum (gestational diabetes mellitus: p = 0.005; gestational impaired glucose intolerance: p = 0.003; abnormal glucose challenge test normal glucose tolerance: p = 0.0008), as was current pre-diabetes/diabetes (p = 0.01). Conclusion: Dysregulation of vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 may be an early event in the natural history of cardiovascular disease in women with recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy. © The Author(s) 2018.
Effect of exercise modality on markers of insulin sensitivity and blood glucose control in pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review; Background/aim: Exercise can be used as a strategy to attenuate hyperglycaemia experienced during gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). To maximize its use for clinical management, the most effective modality should be identified. The purpose of this review is to elucidate the most effective modality of exercise on insulin sensitivity and blood glucose control in pregnant women with or at risk of GDM. Methods: A search was undertaken in MEDLINE, PubMed, Scopus, CINAHL, the Cochrane Library, Embase and the Maternity & Infant Healthcare Database. Studies that met inclusion criteria were randomized controlled trials and case-controlled studies, which compared exercise interventions with standard care during pregnancy in women with or at risk of GDM. Results: Two interventions using resistance training, eight using aerobic exercise and two using a combination of both modalities were included. The interventions showed consistently that requirements of insulin therapy, dosage, and latency to administration were improved in the exercise groups. Less consistent results were observed for capillary blood glucose measurements; however, both modalities and combination of modalities were effective at improving blood glucose control in already diagnosed patients and pregnant women with obesity. Discrepancies in the timing of intervention, GDM diagnostic criteria, and the different measures used to assess glucose metabolism make it difficult to draw clear recommendations. Conclusion: Exercising three times per week for 40–60 min at 65–75% age-predicted heart rate maximum using cycling, walking or circuit training as a modality improved glycaemic control in GDM patients and reduced incidence of GDM in pregnant women with obesity. Further studies looking specifically at the effects of different modalities of exercise on glucose metabolism with combined strategies to enhance insulin sensitivity should be explored to maximize benefits for GDM pregnancies. Consistency in design and delivery of exercise-only interventions is required to make recommendations on a suitable exercise prescription in this population. In practice, adherence to consensus in diagnostic cut-offs for GDM diagnosis is fundamental for standardizing future research. © 2018 The Authors. Obesity Science & Practice published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd, World Obesity and The Obesity Society.
Comprehensive feature selection based support vector machine classifier (CFS-SVM) for clinical dataset; Feature selection plays a significant role in any data mining research problem. In this research work, comprehensive feature selection is applied for selecting the attributes in the chosen PIMA Indian diabetes dataset. The comprehensive feature selection mechanism makes use of maximum significance pattern for selecting the most edifying features, which effectively distinguish between different classes of samples. By making use of the comprehensive feature selection mechanism, the degree of relevance between the feature variables and target variable is quantified, and the informativeness of features is determined according to the degree of the relevance score. In order to implement this mechanism, novel evidence metric, NEM, is employed to score the relevance degree of a candidate feature variable with respect to the target variable. Once after the feature selection is carried out, SVM classifier is applied for performing the prediction of heart disease among gestational diabetes patients in the dataset. Performance metrics such as sensitivity, specificity, true positive rate, false positive rate, precision, accuracy and time taken for feature selection are taken into account. The results are demonstrated with better performance. © 2005 – ongoing JATIT & LLS.
Influence of gestational diabetes on fetal autonomic nervous system: a study using phase-rectified signal-averaging analysis; Objectives: Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is known to influence fetal physiology. Phase-rectified signal averaging (PRSA) is an innovative signal-processing technique that can be used to investigate fetal heart signals. The PRSA-calculated variables average acceleration capacity (AAC) and average deceleration capacity (ADC) are established indices of autonomic nervous system (ANS) function. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of GDM on the fetal cardiovascular and ANS function in human pregnancy using PRSA. Methods: This was a prospective clinical case–control study of 58 mothers with diagnosed GDM and 58 gestational-age matched healthy controls in the third trimester of pregnancy. Fetal cardiotocography (CTG) recordings were performed in all cases at entry to the study, and a follow-up recording was performed in 19 GDM cases close to delivery. The AAC and ADC indices were calculated by the PRSA method and fetal heart rate short-term variation (STV) by CTG software according to Dawes–Redman criteria. Results: Mean gestational age of both groups at study entry was 35.7 weeks. There was a significant difference in mean AAC (1.97 ± 0.33 bpm vs 2.42 ± 0.57 bpm; P < 0.001) and ADC (1.94 ± 0.32 bpm vs 2.28 ± 0.46 bpm; P < 0.001) between controls and fetuses of diabetic mothers. This difference could not be demonstrated using standard computerized fetal CTG analysis of STV (controls, 10.8 ± 3.0 ms vs GDM group, 11.3 ± 2.5 ms; P = 0.32). Longitudinal fetal heart rate measurements in a subgroup of women with diabetes were not significantly different from those at study entry. Conclusions: Our findings show increased ANS activity in fetuses of diabetic mothers in late gestation. Analysis of human fetal cardiovascular and ANS function by PRSA may offer improved surveillance over conventional techniques linking GDM pregnancy to future cardiovascular dysfunction in the offspring. Copyright © 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. Copyright © 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Obesity in pregnancy as a model to identify women at risk for later metabolic syndrome; The aim of our study is to identify – in a cohort of obese women – cardiovascular and clinical risk factors in women with previous complicated pregnancies and protective factors in women with previous physiological pregnancies. A total of 135 nonpregnant obese women referring to Policlinico Gemelli in Rome were prospectively collected in 2009–2010. Thirty-two women matched inclusion criteria: 16 reported a previous physiological pregnancy and 16 reported previous obstetric complications. A clinical, instrumental and laboratory evaluation has been performed for each patient. Statistical analysis was performed using StatView Software. Values are expressed as mean ± standard error (SEM). All tests were two-tailed with a confidence level of 95% (p<.05). Statistically significant reduced flow-mediated dilatation (p=.0338), increased serum values of vascular cell adhesion molecule (p=.0154) and higher systolic blood pressure values (p=.0427) have been detected in obese women with previous complicated pregnancies due to gestational diabetes and/or hypertension. In conclusion, obese patients with previous complicated pregnancies develop signs of endothelial dysfunction in the postpartum period. Future research should focus on the early identification of possible molecular mechanisms implicated in the development of glyco-metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in obese patients, since they are at higher risk of metabolic syndrome. © 2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Rising plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and hypoadiponectinemia characterize the cardiometabolic biomarker profile of women with recent gestational diabetes; Background: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and milder gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) identify women at risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. Accordingly, the postpartum years after gestational dysglycemia can provide insight into early events in the natural history of these disorders. We thus sought to prospectively evaluate the relationship between gestational glucose tolerance and emerging cardiometabolic biomarkers [adiponectin, chemerin, retinol-binding protein-4 (RBP-4), C-reactive protein (CRP), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1)] at both 1- and 3-years postpartum in a cohort reflecting the full spectrum of gestational dysglycemia (from normal to GIGT to GDM). Methods: Three-hundred-and-thirty-nine women completed a glucose challenge test (GCT) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy, which identified 4 gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 105); GIGT (n = 59); abnormal GCT with normal OGTT (n = 99); and normal GCT with normal OGTT (n = 76). At 1- and 3-years postpartum, the women underwent repeat OGTT with measurement of biomarkers (adiponectin/chemerin/RBP-4/CRP/PAI-1). Results: Serum adiponectin was lower in women with GDM and GIGT at both 1-year and 3-years (both P ≤ 0.002), whereas chemerin, RBP-4, CRP and PAI-1 showed no differences across the 4 groups. Importantly, the change in PAI-1 between 1- and 3-years progressively increased from the normal GCT group to the abnormal GCT group to GIGT to GDM (P = 0.03). Indeed, both GDM (t = 2.98, P = 0.003) and GIGT (t = 2.14, P = 0.03) independently predicted an increase in PAI-1 from 1- to 3-years postpartum. Conclusions: Hypoadiponectinemia and rising PAI-1 over time are early features of the cardiometabolic biomarker profile of women with recent gestational dysglycemia. © 2018 The Author(s).
Marine omega-3 fatty acids, complications of pregnancy and maternal risk factors for offspring cardio-metabolic disease; Marine omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) are important nutrients during periods of rapid growth and development in utero and infancy. Maternal health and risk factors play a crucial role in birth outcomes and subsequently offspring cardio-metabolic health. Evidence from observational studies and randomized trials have suggested a potential association of maternal intake of marine n-3 PUFAs during pregnancy with pregnancy and birth outcomes. However, there is inconsistency in the literature on whether marine n-3 PUFA supplementation during pregnancy can prevent maternal complications of pregnancy. This narrative literature review summarizes recent evidence on observational and clinical trials of marine n-3 PUFA intake on maternal risk factors and effects on offspring cardio-metabolic health. The current evidence generally does not support a role of maternal n-3 PUFA supplementation in altering the incidence of gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, or pre-eclampsia. It may be that benefits from marine n-3 PUFA supplementation are more pronounced in high-risk populations, such as women with a history of complications of pregnancy, or women with low marine n-3 PUFA intake. Discrepancies between studies may be related to differences in study design, dosage, fatty acid interplay, and length of treatment. Further prospective double-blind studies are needed to clarify the impact of long-chain marine n-3 PUFAs on risk factors for cardio-metabolic disease in the offspring. © 2018 by the authors.
Reference intervals for hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in healthy Mexican pregnant women: A cross-sectional study; Background: The reference intervals for hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in pregnant Mexican women without diabetes are not well defined. The study aims to determine the reference intervals for HbA1c at each trimester in healthy Mexican pregnant women. Methods: This cross-sectional study included healthy Mexican pregnant women in trimester 1 (T1), 6-13.6 weeks of gestation (WG), trimester 2 (T2), 14-27 WG, and trimester 3 (T3), ≥27-36 WG, with a maternal age > 18 years, and pregestational body mass index (BMI) ranging between 18.5-24.9 kg/m2. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus, pregestational diabetes, anemia, a pregestational BMI < 18.5 or ≥ 25 kg/m2, and any hematologic, hepatic, immunological, renal, or cardiac disease were excluded. HbA1c was measured using high-performance liquid chromatography based on the National Glycohemoglobin Standardization Program-certified PDQ Primus guidelines. The HbA1c reference intervals were calculated in terms of the 2.5th to the 97.5th percentiles. Results: We analyzed the HbA1c values of 725 women (T1 n = 84, T2 n = 448, and T3 n = 193). The characteristics of the participants were expressed as mean ± standard deviation and included: maternal age (28.2 ± 6.7 years), pregestational weight (54.8 ± 5.9 Kg), pregestational BMI (22.2 ± 1.7 Kg/m2), and glucose values using a 75 g-2 h oral glucose tolerance test; fasting 4.5 ± 0.3 mmol/L (81.5 ± 5.5 mg/dL), 1 h 6.4 ± 1.5 mmol/L (115.3 ± 26.6 mg/dL), and 2 h 5.7 ± 1.1 mmol/L (103.5 ± 19.6 mg/dL). Reference intervals for HbA1c, expressed as median and 2.5th to 97.5th percentile for each trimester were: T1: 5.1 (4.5-5.6%), T2: 5.0 (4.4-5.5%), and T3: 5.1 (4.5-5.6%). Conclusions: The reference range of HbA1C in healthy Mexican pregnant women during pregnancy was 4.4% to 5.6%. We suggest as upper limits of HbA1c value ≤5.6%, 5.5%, and 5.7% for T1, T2, and T3, respectively among Mexican pregnant women. © 2018 The Author(s).
Determination of the fetal myocardial performance index in women with gestational impaired glucose tolerance and to assess whether this parameter is a possible prognostic indicator of adverse fetal outcome; Aim: The aim of this study was to investigate if the myocardial performance index (MPI) is altered in fetuses in women with gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT), controlled on diet and whether this parameter is also predictive of adverse outcome in this group, as in poorly controlled gestational diabetes. Methods: In a prospective cross-sectional study, 32 women with GIGT on diet in the 3rd trimester were recruited and matched with 32 women with normal pregnancies (control group). Using Doppler echocardiography, the MPI was calculated. Placental resistance Doppler markers in both groups were also determined. An abnormal outcome was defined as any of the following: stillbirth, neonatal death, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admissions, tachypnea with pulmonary oedema, neonatal cord pH <7.15, five minute Apgar score <7, and cardiomyopathy. Results: The cases had a significantly higher median MPI compared to controls, p value <.0001. There were eight abnormal outcomes recorded in the 32 fetuses in the study group, corresponding to an adverse outcome rate of 25%. Fetuses with an adverse outcome had significantly higher MPI measurements compared to the GIGT fetuses with normal outcome. The MPI served as an excellent predictor of adverse outcome in the GIGT fetuses, with a total area under the ROC curve of 0.96. An MPI z-score greater than 4.0 conferred a sensitivity of 100% and specificity of 80%. No abnormal outcomes were noted in the control group. Conclusions: The MPI is impaired in fetuses in GIGT women, with fetuses with an adverse outcome having significantly higher MPI measurements compared to the fetuses with normal outcome in the GIGT group. MPI has the potential to improve fetal surveillance in gestational diabetes. © 2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Impact of family history of diabetes on diabetes control and complications; Objective: Our aim was to assess the impact of parental and sibling history of type 2 diabetes (T2D) on patient characteristics, glycemic control, and T2D complications. Methods: This cross-sectional study included adults with T2D. Type 1 diabetes and gestational diabetes patients were excluded. The laboratory data were retrieved from the patients electronic files, and baseline measurements were obtained by the researchers. Results: The study included a total of 511 T2D patients, with a mean age of 60.1 ± 10.9 years and mean hemoglobin A1c of 8.94 ± 2.1% (74.2 ± 22.9 mmol/mol). Of these patients, 54% were male and 49.7% had a parental history of T2D. The patients with parental history of T2D were diagnosed at a younger age and had a higher body mass index (BMI) (P = .035) and higher waist circumference (WC) (P = .013) than those T2D patients with no parental history. Approximately 60% of the participants had siblings with a history of T2D, and in comparison with those with no sibling history, they had higher prevalence of cerebrovascular accidents (P = .02). Conclusion: Having a parental history of T2D is significantly associated with diagnosis at a younger age and a higher BMI and WC. Having a sibling history of T2D is significantly associated with worse cerebrovascular outcome. (Endocr Pract. 2018;24:773-779) © 2018 AACE.
Right coronary artery arising within an aorta-to-left ventricle tunnel: surgical repair in a neonate; We herein describe the successful surgical repair of a very rare combination of an aorta-to-left ventricle tunnel with the right coronary artery arising from it. The neonate presented with signs of heart failure due to significant regurgitation of blood via the tunnel. The closure of the tunnel was feasible during neonatal period without patches. © 2018 Oxford University Press. All rights reserved.
Nutrition in fetal life and childhood and its linkage with adult non-communicable disease: Lessons from birth cohort studies in India; India is facing high and rising rates of mid-and late-life chronic non-communicable diseases (NCDs) such as hypertension, type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease (CHD). Indian cohort studies have made a major contribution to the global evidence that disease risk is influenced by the nutritional environment experienced during fetal and childhood development. Adults who had a lower birth weight are more likely to develop diabetes and CHD, and children of lower birth weight have higher blood pressure, glucose concentrations, insulin resistance, and cholesterol concentrations. NCD risk is also related to childhood weight gain or body mass index (BMI) gain; upward crossing of BMI centiles is associated with an increased risk of adult type 2 diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, elevated pro-inflammatory factors and metabolic syndrome. Among people who had a low birth weight, or were underweight in infancy, risk is increased even by relatively modest levels of childhood BMI gain. Cohort studies have identified modifiable factors associated with low birth or infant weight and later NCD risk markers in children, including maternal diets poor in micronutrient-source foods and specific micronutrient deficiencies (eg. vitamins D and B12). In addition, maternal gestational diabetes has been identified as a common and important risk factor for excess adiposity, glucose intolerance and abnormal cardiovascular stress responses in the children. Nutritional interventions aimed at improving maternal health and nutrition before and during pregnancy, and optimising fetal and infant development in order to reduce NCD risk, are currently being tested in India. © Printed in India.
Cardiovascular profile of pharmacological agents used for the management of polycystic ovary syndrome; Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have an adverse metabolic profile with an increased risk of prediabetes and type 2 diabetes (T2DM); however, it is unclear if PCOS is associated with increased cardiovascular events in later years independent of the presence of T2DM. Many therapies have been used to treat the differing facets of PCOS, including those for menstrual irregularity, hirsutism, acne and anovulatory infertility. The aim of this review was to evaluate the cardiovascular profiles associated with the medications used in the management of PCOS and evaluate whether they have cardiovascular benefit, detriment or are neutral. The medications reviewed include oral contraceptive pills, antiandrogens, clomiphene and drugs specifically used in diabetes therapy; metformin, glitazones, dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitors and glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists. This review concludes that therapies that are used to treat these patients appear not to add to the cardiovascular risk and that there is no evidence that any interventional medical therapy may prevent the onset of diabetes in patients with PCOS, though in the case of metformin, this agent may be beneficial in preventing development of gestational diabetes. © The Author(s), 2019.
The Relationship of Objective Physical Activity with Traditional and Nontraditional Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors in Women; Purpose of Review: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women in the USA, accounting for one of every three deaths. Physical activity (PA) has been shown to have numerous beneficial effects for CVD risk reduction in women. Nonetheless, much of the previous research on the impact of PA on CVD risk factors has been measured using self-report questionnaires. The purpose of this review was to summarize the main findings for the association between objectively measured PA and PA interventions on traditional and nontraditional CVD risk factors from randomized controlled trials (RCT), cohort, and cross-sectional studies published in or after 2011. Traditional risk factors included hypertension, lipids, diabetes mellitus, and obesity whereas nontraditional risk factors included hypertension during pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), and depression. Recent Findings: Shifting from traditional CVD risk factors to nontraditional, researchers have been assessing objective PA and PA interventions on pregnancy-related CVD risk factors. A recent meta-analysis and RCT found that exercise during pregnancy reduces the risk of GDM compared to standard maternity care. Recent intervention studies show the beneficial effects of strength training and high-intensity interval training on insulin resistance in women with PCOS. Summary: More research looking at PA interventions with objectively measured compliance to PA (actual number of minutes, intensity, etc.) and observational studies using objective measures for PA (accelerometers, pedometers, etc.) are necessary at this time due to the difficulty of measuring light PA and the overestimation of MVPA through self-report. © 2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
The Influence of Lipid and Proinflammatory Status on Maternal Uterine Blood Flow in Women With Late Onset Gestational Diabetes; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased proinflammatory cytokines and is also associated with adverse cardiovascular disease (CVD) outcomes later in life. We aim to evaluate the relationships between uterine arteries vascularization and endothelial dysfunction markers, proinflammatory cytokines, and glycemic and lipid profile in women with GDM. Methods: Fifty pregnant women were recruited at the third trimester of pregnancy for a prospective cohort study. They were classified into 2 groups: control and GDM. Comparisons of maternal plasma concentrations of endothelial dysfunction markers (vascular cell adhesion molecule 1, intercellular adhesion molecule 1, and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1), proinflammatory cytokines and mediators (interleukin 6 [IL-6], tumor necrosis factor α, vascular endothelial growth factor, placental growth factor, leptin, leukocyte count, and C-reactive protein), lipid profile, glucose, and glycosylated hemoglobin levels were performed. Mean uterine arteries Doppler pulsatility index (PI) was calculated and the relationships between the variables and PI were also analyzed. Results: Women with GDM showed higher proinflammatory cytokines, however, endothelial dysfunction markers were similar in both groups. In the diabetic group, significant correlations were found between the mean uterine arteries PI and maternal IL-6 (r =.56, P =.01), triglycerides (r =.49; P =.03), total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) ratio (r =.61; P =.006), glucose (r =.62, P =.005), and glycosylated hemoglobin (r =.48; P =.03). A negative significant correlation between mean uterine arteries PI and HDLc (r = −.58; P =.02) was also found. Conclusion: The proinflammatory status, hyperlipidemia, and metabolic control correlate with uterine blood flow velocity waveforms in women with gestational diabetes. © 2017, © The Author(s) 2017.
National Diabetes Month - November 2018; November is National Diabetes Month. In the United States, approximately 30 million persons are living with diabetes and 84 million with prediabetes (1). Persons with prediabetes are at high risk for developing type 2 diabetes, heart disease, and stroke (2). Likewise, women who have had gestational diabetes (diabetes during pregnancy) are at increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes later in life (2). However, type 2 diabetes can be prevented or delayed through a structured lifestyle change program that promotes weight loss, healthy eating, and increased physical activity (2). A report on changes in gestational diabetes in the United States is included in this issue of MMWR (3).
Blunted cerebral oxygenation during exercise in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: associations with macrovascular function and cardiovascular risk factors; Aim/Hypothesis: This cross-sectional, observational, controlled study examined cerebral oxygenation during exercise, an index of cerebrovascular function and cortical activation, in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and unaffected pregnancies. The association of cerebral oxygenation with macrovascular and cardiovascular function indices was also evaluated. Material and Methods: Vascular function and structure [aortic pulse-wave-velocity (PWV), augmentation index (AI), carotid intima-media thickness], as well as 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure (BP) were assessed in women with GDM (n = 21) and uncomplicated pregnancies (n = 16), at 26–32 gestational weeks. Changes in cerebral oxygenation [oxy- (O2Hb), deoxy- (HHb) and total- (tHb) hemoglobin] were continuously recorded by near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) during intermittent handgrip exercise. Beat-by-beat BP and systemic vascular resistance (SVR) were assessed (Finapres). Results: Women with GDM had higher AI than controls. During exercise, women with GDM maintained a smaller force (p < 0.05), despite similar ratings of perceived exertion. Despite similar increases in BP during exercise, the GDM group exhibited a lower average and total (AUC) increase in cerebral-O2Hb than controls (p < 0.05). In addition, GDM exhibited a slower rate of cerebral-O2Hb decay during recovery (p < 0.05). SVR was lower in GDM compared to controls throughout the protocol (p < 0.01). Cerebral oxygenation indices were correlated with PWV and AI (p < 0.05). Conclusions: This study provided novel evidence for blunted cerebral oxygenation during exercise in women with GDM compared to uncomplicated pregnancies, suggesting a link between reduced cerebrovascular function with exercise intolerance in GDM. Cerebral oxygenation during physical stress was correlated with macrovascular function and cardiovascular risk factors. More studies are needed to examine whether this impaired cerebral oxygenation reflects early cerebrovascular disease. © 2018
A prospective and longitudinal study of plasma phospholipid saturated fatty acid profile in relation to cardiometabolic biomarkers and the risk of gestational diabetes; Background Data on saturated fatty acids (SFAs) in relation to metabolic function and glucose homeostasis remain controversial. Such data are lacking among pregnant women. Objective We prospectively investigated objectively measured individual and subclasses of plasma phospholipid SFAs throughout pregnancy in relation to cardiometabolic markers and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk. Design Within the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Fetal Growth Studies-Singleton Cohort of 2802 singleton pregnancies, 107 GDM cases were ascertained via medical record review and matched to 214 non-GDM controls on age, race/ethnicity, and gestational week (GW) at blood collection. Individual plasma phospholipid SFA concentrations were repeatedly measured throughout pregnancy at GWs 10-14, 15-26, 23-31, and 33-39 and also grouped into subclasses of even- or odd-chain SFAs. Results From GW 10, even-chain SFA concentrations were significantly higher among women who later developed GDM, whereas odd-chain SFAs were significantly lower among GDM cases compared with controls. At GWs 10-14, the SFA palmitic acid (16:0) was positively associated with impaired insulin resistance and cardiometabolic markers and the risk of GDM [adjusted OR comparing the highest with the lowest quartile (aOR Q4-Q1): 4.76; 95% CI: 1.72, 13.10; P-trend = 0.001]. In contrast, odd-chain SFAs were inversely related to the previously mentioned markers and GDM risk [aOR Q4-Q1 for pentadecanoic acid (15:0): 0.32; 95% CI: 0.11, 0.92; P-trend = 0.025; for heptadecanoic acid (17:0): 0.20; 95% CI: 0.07, 0.58; P-trend = 0.003]. Women with high (median or greater) even-chain SFA concentrations and low (less than median) odd-chain SFAs had a 9.43-fold (95%: CI 3.26-, 27.30-fold) increased risk compared with women with low even-chain and high odd-chain SFA concentrations. Similar results were observed at GWs 15-26. Conclusions The study provided one of the first lines of evidence suggesting that circulating concentrations of SFAs varying by SFA chain length, as early as GWs 10-14, were significantly and differentially associated with subsequent risk of GDM. Our findings highlight the importance of assessing objectively measured, individual, and subclasses of SFAs to investigate their distinct biological and pathophysiologic roles in glucose homeostasis and cardiometabolic outcomes. © 2018 American Society for Nutrition.
Increased risk of cardiovascular disease in women with prior gestational diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; This study aims to investigate the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). PubMed and other databases were searched up to August 31, 2017. Cohort studies evaluating risk of CVD postpartum in women with and without prior GDM were included. Random-effect model was used to estimate the pooled relative risk of CVD. Sensitivity and subgroup analyses were performed to check the consistency of the effect size and to explore sources of heterogeneity. Multivariable logistic regression was used to control for high heterogeneity. Seven cohort studies with 3,417,020 pregnant women including 14,146 incident CVD events were retrieved. In the pooled analysis, women with previous GDM had a higher risk of CVD than those without (RR: 1.74, 95%CI: 1.28–2.35, I2 = 95.7%). Four studies reported the event of coronary artery disease (CAD) and two studies reported stroke. The overall RR for CAD was 2.09 (95%CI: 1.56–2.80, I2 = 91.2%) and that for stroke was 1.25 (95%CI: 1.07–1.48). In view of the high level of heterogeneity, adjustments were made for this, with the resulting adjusted OR for CVD and CAD being 1.95 (95%CI: 1.83–2.08) and 1.59 (95%CI: 1.30–1.94). Women with prior GDM have increased risk of CVD. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Phenylephrine to obtund Oxytocin-induced Hemodynamic Changes during caesarean section; Aim: To compare mean hemodynamic changes in patients receiving phenylephrine as co-administration with oxytocin in elective caesarian section. Study Design: Randomized controlled trial. Setting: Department of anesthesia, Nishtar hospital Multan. Duration of Study: Dec-2017 to May-2018. Methods: A total number of 70 patients who underwent elective cesarean section (CS) under spinal anesthesia were included in this study. Group I: was allotted to patients in whom phenylephrine was administrated just prior to the administration of oxytocin and Group II: was allocated to the patients in whom a 3 ml injection of normal saline was given prior to oxytocin administration. Mean hemodynamic changes were measured in terms of changes in systolic blood pressure (SBP) and heart rate in every patient before administration of oxytocin and after 3 minutes. Mean changes in SBP and Heart rate was measured. Data analysis was carried out using SPSS v 20.0. Independent sample t-test was used to compare mean change in systolic blood pressure and heart rate between the groups. Results: Mean age of patients included in this study was 28.10±4.85 years. There were 4(5.7%) females who were having eclampsia during pregnancy and 5(7.14%) females were having gestational diabetes mellitus.Mean change in SBP was more in placebo group -8.13±18.02 versus -0.43±8.35 mmHg in phenylephrine group (p-value 0.04). Mean change in heart rate was 5.8±13.81 beat/min as compared to -14.06±11.39 beats/min in phenylephrine group (p-value <0.001). Conclusion: Phenylephrine significantly obtund oxytocin-induced changes in systolic blood pressure and heart rate (in terms of tachycardia) during caesarean section. © 2018 Lahore Medical And Dental College. All rights reserved.
A cohort study of maternal cardiometabolic risk factors and primary cesarean delivery in an integrated health system; Background Maternal cardiometabolic risk factors (i.e., hyperglycemia, pre-existing hypertension and high body mass index) impact fetal growth and risk of having a cesarean delivery. However, the independent and joint contribution of maternal cardiometabolic risk factors to primary cesarean section is unclear. We aimed to elucidate the degree to which maternal cardiometabolic risk factors contribute to primary cesarean deliveries and whether associations vary by infant size at birth in an integrated health system. Methods A cohort study of 185,045 singleton livebirths from 2001 to 2010. Poisson regression with robust standard errors provided crude and adjusted relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for cesarean delivery risk associated with risk factors. We then estimated the proportion of cesarean sections that could be prevented if the cardiometabolic risk factor in pregnant women were eliminated (the population-attributable risk [PAR]). Results In a single multivariable model, maternal cardiometabolic risk factors were independently associated with cesarean delivery: RR (95% CI) abnormal glucose screening 1.04 (1.01–1.08); gestational diabetes 1.18 (1.11–1.18) and pre-existing diabetes 1.60 (1.49–1.71); pre-existing hypertension 1.16 (1.10–1.23); overweight 1.27 (1.24–1.30); obese class I 1.46 (1.42–1.51); obese class II 1.73 (1.67–1.80); and obese class III 1.97 (1.88–2.07); adjusting for established risk factors, medical facility and year. The associations between maternal cardiometabolic risk factors and primary cesarean delivery remained among infants with appropriate weights for gestational age. The PARs were 17.4% for overweight/obesity, 7.0% for maternal hyperglycemia, 2.0% for pre-existing hypertension and 20.5% for any cardiometabolic risk factor. Conclusions Maternal cardiometabolic risk factors were independently associated with risk of primary cesarean delivery, even among women delivering infants born at an appropriate size for gestational age. Effective strategies to increase the proportion of women entering pregnancy at an optimal weight with normal blood pressure and glucose before pregnancy could potentially eliminate up to 20% of cesarean deliveries. © 2018 Hedderson et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
B lymphocytes are predictors of insulin resistance in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Backgroud: The present study aimed to investigate the association between immune cells and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and identify a reasonable predictor of insulin resistance in women with GDM. Objective: The clinical and biochemical characteristics of 124 women with GDM and 168 healthy pregnant women were compared. Methods: The percentage of immune cells in the blood of the subjects was analyzed by flow cytometry. Pearson’s correlation analysis revealed the correlation between the percentage of B lymphocytes and insulin resistance. A cutoff point was determined for the percentage of B lymphocytes, based on insulin resistance, using receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves. Results: Compared to the healthy pregnant women, the percentages of B lymphocytes and IgA produced by B-cells were significantly different in women with GDM. The percentage of B lymphocytes was positively related to insulin resistance.The number of 14.05% of B lymphocytes was an optimal cutoff point that predicted the insulin resistance in women with GDM. Conclusion: The percentage of B lymphocytes was positively associated with insulin resistance, and hence, might serve as an appropriate predictor of insulin resistance in women with GDM. © 2019 Bentham Science Publishers.
Impact of nutrient type and sequence on glucose tolerance: Physiological insights and therapeutic implications; Pharmacological and dietary interventions targeting postprandial glycemia have proved effective in reducing the risk for type 2 diabetes and its cardiovascular complications. Besides meal composition and size, the timing of macronutrient consumption during a meal has been recently recognized as a key regulator of postprandial glycemia. Emerging evidence suggests that premeal consumption of noncarbohydrate macronutrients (i.e., protein and fat “preloads”) can markedly reduce postprandial glycemia by delaying gastric emptying, enhancing glucose-stimulated insulin release, and decreasing insulin clearance. The same improvement in glucose tolerance is achievable by optimal timing of carbohydrate ingestion during a meal (i.e., carbohydrate-last meal patterns), which minimizes the risk of body weight gain when compared with nutrient preloads. The magnitude of the glucose-lowering effect of preload-based nutritional strategies is greater in type 2 diabetes than healthy subjects, being comparable and additive to current glucose-lowering drugs, and appears sustained over time. This dietary approach has also shown promising results in pathological conditions characterized by postprandial hyperglycemia in which available pharmacological options are limited or not cost-effective, such as type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes, and impaired glucose tolerance. Therefore, preload-based nutritional strategies, either alone or in combination with pharmacological treatments, may offer a simple, effective, safe, and inexpensive tool for the prevention and management of postprandial hyperglycemia. Here, we survey these novel physiological insights and their therapeutic implications for patients with diabetes mellitus and altered glucose tolerance. Copyright © 2019 Nesti, Mengozzi and Tricò. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (CC BY). The use, distribution or reproduction in other forums is permitted, provided the original author(s) and the copyright owner(s) are credited and that the original publication in this journal is cited, in accordance with accepted academic practice. No use, distribution or reproduction is permitted which does not comply with these terms.
Environmental Factors and Reproduction; Industrial chemical production has increased over the last few decades. In that same time frame, a number of adverse reproductive and health conditions have increased, including infertility, early puberty, obesity, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, children's neurodevelopmental disorders, and noncommunicable chronic diseases such as cancer, cardiovascular disease, chronic respiratory disease, and diabetes. Basic science, animal model, and epidemiologic data indicate that specific environmental chemicals can interfere with hormone levels and action (referred to as endocrine disrupters) and thus may play an etiologic role in some of these conditions. These endocrine disrupters are found in pesticides (e.g., dichlorodiphenyl-trichloro-ethane [DDT], chlorpyrifos, atrazine, 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid [2.4D]), children's toys and products (containing lead, phthalates, cadmium), materials that contact food (e.g., lining of plastic bottles or cans; bisphenol A, phthalates), building materials and electronics (e.g., brominated flame retardants), personal care products and intravenous tubing (e.g., phthalates), antimicrobials (e.g., triclosan), and textiles and clothing (e.g., perfluorochemicals). Endocrine disrupters can bind to hormone receptors, compete with endogenous hormones for receptor binding, stimulate or inhibit intracellular signaling mechanisms, alter gene expression, and affect epigenetic functions. Environmental chemical exposure effects are more severe during developmental periods and can be transgenerational. Given the impact on health broadly and reproductive health specifically, reproductive health providers need to understand the risks of environmental toxicants, their effects on reproductive capacity and outcomes, and ways to mitigate these effects, including advocacy for regulatory changes. © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Textbook of diabetes and pregnancy; Babies of women with diabetes are nearly five times more likely to be stillborn and almost three times more likely to die in the first three months. The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus in the U.S. is high-between 3 and 7 percent-and rising. The condition is often complicated by other risk factors such as obesity and heart disease. The Textbook of Diabetes and Pregnancy presents a comprehensive review of the science, clinical management, and medical implications of gestational diabetes mellitus, a condition with serious consequences that is on the increase in all developed societies. This new edition supports the latest initiatives and strategies of the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) and adds chapters on noncommunicable diseases, obesity, bariatric surgery, and epidemiology outside Western cultures. Written by a cadre of experts, the book provides a comprehensive, authoritative, and international view of gestational diabetes mellitus and will be invaluable to maternal-fetal medicine specialists, diabetologists, neonatologists, and a growing number of gynecologists and general physicians concerned with the management of noncommunicable diseases in pregnancy. © 2016 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC. All rights reserved.
Blunted cardiac AMPK response is associated with susceptibility to ischemia/ reperfusion in Male offspring of gestational diabetic rats; Background/Aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is closely associated with early perinatal complications and long-term health problems, such as cardiovascular disease, in offspring. AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) is cardioprotective, particularly in the treatment of ischemia/reperfusion (I/R). However, whether GDM programs offspring susceptibility to cardiac I/R and the involvement of AMPK remain unclear. Methods: Streptozotocin was administered to rats during mid pregnancy; the postpartum maternal metabolome was assessed by chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Male offspring were subjected to body composition scanning followed by ex vivo global I/R. Cardiac signaling was determined by Western blotting. Results: The body weights (BWs) of the GDM male offspring were significantly heavier than those of the control group from the age of 8 weeks; the heart weights (HWs) and HW/BW were also increased in the GDM group compared to the control group. The ex vivo post-I/R cardiac contractile function recovery was significantly compromised in the GDM male offspring. The phosphorylation of AMPK and ACC was elevated by ex vivo I/R in both groups, but to a significantly lesser extent in the GDM group. Conclusion: GDM male offspring rats have higher risks of overgrowth and intolerance to cardiac I/R, which may be due to a compromised AMPK signaling pathway. © 2019 The Author(s). Published by Cell Physiol Biochem Press GmbH&Co. KG.
Hepatitis B surface antigen positivity during pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection is a prevalent public health issue worldwide. Its impact on important pregnancy outcomes, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), has not been clearly established. The findings from published studies are inconsistent. In this systematic review and meta-analysis, we aimed to clarify whether HBV infection manifested during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of GDM. We searched MEDLINE and EMBASE for cohort studies and case-control studies that investigated the association between maternal hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) positivity and GDM. We pooled adjusted odds ratio (aOR) and unadjusted OR, respectively, using the random-effect generic inverse variance method. We assessed risk of bias using the Quality in Prognosis Studies tool and conducted five pre-specified subgroup analyses. In total, 23 cohort studies involving 3 529 223 participants were included. The risk of GDM was 6.48% (1868/28 829) among HBsAg-positive pregnant women and 3.41% (119 283/3 500 394) among HBsAg-negative pregnant women. Meta-analyses of both unadjusted and adjusted effect estimates showed that HBsAg positivity during pregnancy was associated with higher risk of developing GDM (unadjusted OR 1.35, 95% CI: 1.17 to 1.56, I2 = 82.6%; adjusted OR 1.47, 1.22 to 1.76, I2 = 62%). Among pre-specified subgroup analysis, significant differences were found among studies with high vs low or moderate risk of bias. The results were robust to sensitivity analyses. In conclusion, HBsAg positivity during pregnancy has a moderate effect on an increased risk of GDM. Given the size of the population with HBV infection worldwide, however, this effect could have substantial impact on pregnancy. Further studies are warranted to investigate whether active infection with HBeAg positivity would further elevate the risk of adverse events during pregnancy. © 2018 John Wiley & Sons Ltd
Clinical and biochemical approach to predicting post-pregnancy metabolic decompensation; The prevalence of gestational diabetes in the developed world is increased and parallels that of obesity. Apart from the maternal and fetal complications occurring during pregnancy, GDM is characterized by a high subsequent risk of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. In this paper, we outline the different factors to consider in assessing the future risk of diabetes developing in women with a history of GDM. Looking at the modifiable risk factors, it is worth noting that promoting a healthy diet and lifestyle before (physical activity), during and after pregnancy (breast feeding) in women of fertile age are fundamental to the success of efforts to reduce the burden of diabetes in these young people. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Long term (>1 year) postpartum glucose tolerance status among Indian women with history of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) diagnosed by IADPSG criteria; Aim: To determine prevalence of long term dysglycemia and its risk factors among women with history of GDM diagnosed using IADPSG criteria at a tertiary care hospital in North India. Methods: Women with GDM diagnosed between 2012 and 2016 were invited. Socio-demographic, anthropometric, medical data were collected and 75 gm OGTT with serum insulin estimation, HbA1c and fasting lipid profile were done at the hospital visit. Results: Women (N = 267) were tested at 32.5 (±4.6) years of age and at a median (q25-q75) of 20 (12–44) months following the index delivery. Dysglycemia was found in 57.7% by ADA criteria [Diabetes in 10.5% and prediabetes in 47.2%]. Risk factors for cardiovascular disease were significantly more prevalent among these women. On multivariable analysis, HOMA-IR correlated positively, while insulinogenic index correlated negatively with postpartum dysglycemia. Conclusion: This is possibly the first long term (>1 year) glucose tolerance outcome study in South Asian women with history of GDM diagnosed by IADPSG criteria, which demonstrates significantly elevated risk of postpartum dysglycemia. While the IADPSG criteria identify women with a lower future conversion to diabetes compared with previous criteria, prediabetes conversion remains high, thereby offering an opportunity to intervene early and prevent progression to future diabetes. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Feasibility and effectiveness of a lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancies to improve risk factors for future cardiometabolic disease;                              Objectives: To evaluate the feasibility and effectiveness of a postpartum lifestyle intervention after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction (FGR) and/or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) to improve maternal risk factors for future cardiometabolic disease. Methods: Women following a complicated pregnancy were included six months postpartum in this specific pre-post controlled designed study. It has been conducted in one tertiary and three secondary care hospitals (intervention group) and one secondary care hospital (control group). The program consisted of a computer-tailored health education program combined with three individual counselling sessions during seven months. Primary outcome measures were the proportion of eligible women and weight change during the intervention. Results: Two hundred and six women were willing to participate. The proportion of eligible women who complied with the intervention was 23%. Major barrier was lack of time. Adjusted weight change attributed to lifestyle intervention was −1.9 kg (95%-CI −4.3 to −0.3). Further changes were BMI (-0.9 kg/m                             2                              (95%-CI −1.4 to −0.3)), waist-to-hip ratio (−0.04 cm/cm (95%-CI −0.06 to −0.03)), blood pressure medication use (19% (95%-CI 9% to 28%)), HOMA2-score (59 %S (95%-CI 18 to 99)) and total fat intake (−2.9 gr (95%-CI −4.6 to −1.2)). Conclusions: The results support feasibility and effectiveness of a lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancies to improve maternal cardiometabolic risk factors. Further randomized controlled studies are needed with longer follow-up to evaluate durability. In the meantime, we suggest health care professionals to offer lifestyle interventions to women after complicated pregnancies.                          © 2018 International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy
Incidence, Risk Factors, and Clinical Characteristics of Peripartum Cardiomyopathy in South Korea; Background: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a rare disorder associated with pregnancy that can lead to life-threatening conditions. The incidence and clinical characteristics of this condition remain poorly understood. Methods and Results: We aimed to perform the first population-based study of PPCM in South Korea, using the Korea National Health Insurance Claims Database of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service. Patients who fulfilled predefined diagnostic criteria for PPCM from January 1, 2010, to December 31, 2012, were identified from International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification codes. To discriminate PPCM from other causes of heart failure, we excluded subjects who already had heart failure-related International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification codes at least 1 year before delivery. During the study period, there were 1 404 551 deliveries in South Korea, and we excluded 20 159 patients who already had heart failure. In those, a total of 795 cases were identified as PPCM. Patients with PPCM were older, had a higher prevalence of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus, and were more likely to be primiparous and have multiple pregnancies. Moreover, cesarean section and pregnancy-related complications and in-hospital death were also more common in patients with PPCM. Intriguingly, a considerable number of heart failure cases (n=64; 8.1% of total PPCM) were noted between 5 and 12 months after delivery. Conclusions: The incidence of PPCM was 1 in 1741 deliveries in South Korea. Patients with PPCM were older, were more associated with primiparity and multiple pregnancy, had more pregnancy-related complications, and revealed higher in-hospital mortality than controls. The number of cases diagnosed as PPCM were decreased over time after delivery; however, a large number of patients were still noted through 12 months after delivery. © 2018 American Heart Association, Inc.
Gestational Diabetes Epigenetically Reprograms the Cart Promoter in Fetal Ovary, Causing Subfertility in Adult Life; Intrauterine exposure to various adverse conditions during fetal development can lead to epigenetic changes in fetal tissues, predisposing those tissues to disease conditions later in life. An example is gestational diabetes (GD), where the offspring has a higher risk of developing obesity, metabolic disorders, or cardiovascular disease in adult life. In this study, using two well-established GD (streptozotocin-and high-fat and high-sugar-induced) mouse models, we report that female offspring from GD dams are predisposed toward fertility problems later in life. This predisposition to fertility problems is due to altered ovarian expression of a peptide called cocaine-and amphetamine-regulated transcript (CART), which is known to negatively affect folliculogenesis and is induced by elevated leptin levels. Results show that the underlying cause of this altered expression is due to fetal epigenetic modifications involving glucose-and insulin-induced miRNA, miR-101, and the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Akt pathway. These signaling events regulate Ezh2, a histone methyltransferase that promotes H3K27me3, a gene-repressive mark, and CBP/p300, a histone acetyltransferase that promotes H3K27ac, a transcription activation mark, in the fetal ovary. Moreover, the CART promoter has depleted 5-methylcytosine (5mC) and enriched 5-hydroxymethylcytosine (5hmC) levels. The depletion of H3K27me3 and 5mC repressive marks and subsequent increase in H3K27ac and 5hmC gene-activating marks convert the Cartpt promoter to a "superpromoter." This makes the Cartpt promoter more sensitive to leptin levels that predispose the GD offspring to fertility problems. Therefore, this study provides a mechanistic insight about fetal epigenome reprogramming that manifests to ovarian dysfunction and subfertility later in adult life. Copyright © 2019 Endocrine Society.
Hyperglycemia in pregnancy among South Asian women: A single tertiary care center experience from Colombo, Sri Lanka; Aim: To study case mix, risk factors, adverse outcomes and associations of hyperglycemia in pregnancy in a cohort of Sri Lankans. Methods: Prospective observational study, from April 2011-October 2015 at a tertiary care referral center, Colombo, Sri Lanka. Data from first trimester to delivery of HIP was analyzed. Three subgroups were defined: Diabetes in pregnancy (DIP), Hyperglycemia in early Pregnancy (HIEP) [<24 weeks] and Gestational diabetes (GDM) [>24 weeks]. Results: Of 782 patients 572 (73.1%) had complete data. Case-mix: 137(24.0%) DIP, 331(57.9%) GDM and 104 (18.2%) HIEP. Primigravidae commoner in GDM (<0.05). DIP older – mean 33.3 ± 5.5 years (<0.01). Previous GDM commoner and pharmacological interventions needed in DIP and HIEP. Majority GDM (66.8%) required Medical Nutrition Therapy (MNT) alone. There was no difference in pregnancy outcomes between the 3 subgroups. Macrosomia significantly greater in HIEP (33.7%); neonatal cardiac defects more in DIP and HIEP. Conclusions: Increasing maternal age is a significant risk for DIP, while previous GDM is a risk for DIP and HIEP and neonatal congenital cardiac defects in subsequent pregnancies of South Asian women. We recommend preconception screening for glucose intolerance and achieving normoglycaemia among South Asian women with advanced maternal age and previous GDM. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Transgelin induces dysfunction of fetal endothelial colony-forming cells from gestational diabetic pregnancies; Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predisposes children to future health complications including hypertension and cardiovascular disease. A key mechanism by which these complications occur is through the functional impairment of vascular progenitor cells, including endothelial colony-forming cells (ECFCs). Previously, we showed that fetal ECFCs exposed to GDM have decreased vasculogenic potential and altered gene expression. In this study, we evaluate whether transgelin (TAGLN), which is increased in GDM-exposed ECFCs, contributes to vasculogenic dysfunction. TAGLN is an actin-binding protein involved in the regulation of cytoskeletal rearrangement. We hypothesized that increased TAGLN expression in GDM-exposed fetal ECFCs decreases network formation by impairing cytoskeletal rearrangement resulting in reduced cell migration. To determine if TA-GLN is required and/or sufficient to impair ECFC network formation, TAGLN was reduced and overexpressed in ECFCs from GDM and uncomplicated pregnancies, respectively. Decreasing TAGLN expression in GDM-exposed ECFCs improved network formation and stability as well as increased migration. In contrast, overexpressing TAGLN in ECFCs from uncomplicated pregnancies decreased network formation, network stability, migration, and alignment to laminar flow. Overall, these data suggest that increased TAGLN likely contributes to the vasculogenic dysfunction observed in GDM-exposed ECFCs, as it impairs ECFC migration, cell alignment, and network formation. Identifying the molecular mechanisms underlying fetal ECFC dysfunction following GDM exposure is key to ascertain mechanistically the basis for cardiovascular disease predisposition later in life. © 2018 the American Physiological Society.
Ghrelin in serum and urine of post-partum women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Women with a previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a significantly increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases in the future. The aim of the study was to evaluate ghrelin concentrations in serum and urine in the GDM group in the early post-partum period, with reference to laboratory results, body composition, and hydration status. The study subjects were divided into two groups, that is, 28 healthy controls and 26 patients with diagnosed GDM. The maternal body composition and hydration status were evaluated by the bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) method. The concentrations of ghrelin in the maternal serum and urine were determined via enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). The laboratory and BIA results of the mothers with GDM were different from those without GDM. Urine ghrelin positively correlated with serum ghrelin and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) levels in healthy mothers. There were direct correlations between urine ghrelin and HDL as well as triglycerides levels in the GDM group. Neither the lean tissue index nor body cell mass index were related to the serum ghrelin concentrations in this group. Only the urine ghrelin of healthy mothers correlated with the fat tissue index. Our results draw attention to urine as an easily available and appropriable biological material for further studies. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
AMP-activated protein (AMPK) in pathophysiology of pregnancy complications; Although the global maternal mortality ratio has been consistently reduced over time, in 2015, there were still 303,000 maternal deaths throughout the world, of which 99% occurred in developing countries. Understanding pathophysiology of pregnancy complications contributes to the proper prenatal care for the reduction of prenatal, perinatal and neonatal mortality and morbidity ratio. In this review, we focus on AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) as a regulator of pregnancy complications. AMPK is a serine/threonine kinase that is conserved within eukaryotes. It regulates the cellular and whole-body energy homeostasis under stress condition. The functions of AMPK are diverse, and the dysregulation of AMPK is known to correlate with many disorders such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, inflammatory disease, and cancer. During pregnancy, AMPK is necessary for the proper placental differentiation, nutrient transportation, maternal and fetal energy homeostasis, and protection of the fetal membrane. Activators of AMPK such as 5-Aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide ribonucleotide (AICAR), resveratrol, and metformin restores pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, and preterm birth preclinically. We also discuss on the relationship between catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT), an enzyme that metabolizes catechol, and AMPK during pregnancy. It is known that metformin cannot activate AMPK in COMT deficient mice, and that 2-methoxyestradiol (2-ME), a metabolite of COMT, recovers the AMPK activity, suggesting that COMT is a regulator of AMPK. These reports suggest the therapeutic use of AMPK activators for various pregnancy complications, however, careful analysis is required for the safe use of AMPK activators since AMPK activation could cause fetal malformation. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The pathophysiology of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a serious pregnancy complication, in which women without previously diagnosed diabetes develop chronic hyperglycemia during gestation. In most cases, this hyperglycemia is the result of impaired glucose tolerance due to pancreatic β-cell dysfunction on a background of chronic insulin resistance. Risk factors for GDM include overweight and obesity, advanced maternal age, and a family history or any form of diabetes. Consequences of GDM include increased risk of maternal cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes and macrosomia and birth complications in the infant. There is also a longer-term risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the child. GDM affects approximately 16.5% of pregnancies worldwide, and this number is set to increase with the escalating obesity epidemic. While several management strategies exist—including insulin and lifestyle interventions—there is not yet a cure or an efficacious prevention strategy. One reason for this is that the molecular mechanisms underlying GDM are poorly defined. This review discusses what is known about the pathophysiology of GDM, and where there are gaps in the literature that warrant further exploration. © 2018, MDPI AG. All rights reserved.
Gestational diabetes influences the expression of hypertrophic genes in left ventricle of rat's offspring; Objective(s): Gestational diabetes increases the risk of congenital heart disease in the offspring, but the molecular mechanism underlying this process remains unclear. Therefore, the current study was conducted to assess the effects of induced gestational diabetes on expression of some involved genes in cardiac hypertrophy in the offspring of diabetic rats. Materials and Methods: Diabetes was induced in 40 adult Wistar rats by intraperitoneal injection of 45 mg/ kg of streptozotocin. The day of appearance of the vaginal plug was assumed as day zero of gestation for inducing diabetes. After pregnancy, the offspring was maintained until they reach the age of 12 weeks. Then, their hearts were excised and were sectioned for molecular study. We analyzed the expression pattern of some hypertrophic genes by the quantitative real-time RT-PCR. Results: The mRNA expression levels of all studied genes including c-jun, c-fos, c-myc, alpha-myosin heavy chain (α-MHC), atrial natriuretic factor (ANF) and β-MHC, which are important in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy, were higher in the offspring of the diabetic group compared to controls. Significant differences were found for β-MHC and c-myc with P<0.01 and for α-MHC and c-fos with P<0.05. Conclusion: Gestational diabetes upregulates expression of c-jun, c-fos c-myc, α-MHC, ANF and β-MHC genes that are involved in cardiac hypertrophy in the offspring of diabetic rats. © 2018 Mashhad University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Effects of gestational and pregestational diabetes mellitus on the foetal heart: a cross-sectional study; We examined the foetal cardiac structural and functional characteristics in diabetic pregnancies versus non-diabetic, healthy pregnancies. Between August 2015 and April 2016, 32 pregnant women with pregestational diabetes, 36 pregnant women with gestational diabetes, and 42 healthy pregnant women were scheduled to have foetal echocardiograms to assess cardiac structure and function. In the diabetic groups, the foetal interventricular septum (IVS) thickness was significantly greater than in non-diabetics (p <.05) but none had an IVS >2 SD from normal. The peak velocity of tricuspid E, and the E/A ratio were significantly lower in the diabetic groups (p <.05). Tricuspid valve Ea values and the Ea/Aa ratio were lower in the diabetic group than in the control group (p <.05) but there was no significant difference between the pre-GDM and GDM groups (p >.05). Interventricular septal hypertrophy is the most common structural abnormality in diabetic pregnancies. These changes do not pose a risk to the foetal unless they cause functional impairment. Thus, we believe that it is important for diabetic pregnant women to be monitored for foetal cardiac diastolic dysfunction.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? Pregestational insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is a relatively common condition in pregnancy, affecting up to 0.5% of the pregnant population. Foetuses of diabetic mothers are at an increased risk of perinatal morbidity and death. Gestational diabetes mellitus is under-recognised and affects up to 4% of pregnancies. Although diabetes mellitus is known to increase the risk of cardiovascular defects and structural changes (myocardial hypertrophy and diastolic dysfunction) due to foetal hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinism, similar data in women with gestational diabetes is scarce. Moreover, the effect of maternal hyperglycaemia on foetal cardiac structure and function is unclear because of discordant results from previous studies. What do the results of this study add? In this study, we have used foetal echocardiography, two-dimensional US, pulsed wave Doppler and TDI to characterise the foetal cardiac structure and function in normal pregnancies as well as in the pregnancies complicated by GDM, and pregestational DM. Interventricular septum thickness is increased in women with pregestational diabetes mellitus and impaired diastolic function. The dominant right ventricle of the foetal circulation was affected earlier than the left ventricle. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Large population-based studies are required to establish the absolute risk of congenital heart defects in patients with pregestational diabetes and pregestational diabetes in the utility of routine screening. © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Preventing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women with gestational diabetes – The evidence and potential strategies; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus is a condition strongly related to the development of type 2 diabetes later in life, although the risk and the onset have not been fully identified yet. Although glucose tolerance returns to normal levels after delivery in the majority of women with GDM, this condition represents an early stage in the natural history of T2DM. In addition, women with previous GDM exhibit an increased cardiovascular risk profile and a raised incidence of cardiovascular diseases. Lifestyle changes and pharmacological interventions might be able to reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes in pGDM women, although results are still not conclusive. Long term continuous programs specifically addressed to women with pGDM should be implemented, with the ambitious target to encourage them to regularly check glucose tolerance, lipid profile and other parameters related to cardiovascular diseases, aimed at improving women's health. In this paper, we review the relationship between type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and a history of GDM. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Pancreatic carcinoma underlying a complex presentation in late pregnancy: A case report; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus is strongly related to the risk of pancreatic cancer in pregnant women, but gestational diabetes can precede a diagnosis of pancreatic cancer by many years. Women with a history of gestational diabetes showed a relative risk of pancreatic cancer of 7.1. Pancreatic adenocarcinoma is one of the most common malignancies associated with thromboembolic events. A clinical study showed that thromboembolic events were detected in 36% of patients diagnosed as having pancreatic cancer. Studies showed that gestational diabetes mellitus could be one of the important risk factors for pancreatic cancer. Case presentation: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with increased risk of breast and pancreatic cancer. This case report describes a 29-year-old Chinese woman who presented with: gestational diabetes mellitus; International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis criteria suggested disseminated intravascular coagulation with a score of 5; hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelet count syndrome; and pulmonary hypertension. After an intravenous injection of fibrinogen, she gave birth to a normal baby and following delivery, her blood pressure reached 180/110 mmHg. Laboratory analysis results showed elevated lactic dehydrogenase, decreased platelets and fibrinogen, and urine protein was positive. She was transfused with fresh frozen plasma, blood coagulation factor, and fibrinogen. Subsequently, she was transferred to a maternity intensive care unit, where magnesium sulfate seizure prophylaxis was continued for 24 hours to keep her magnesium level at a low therapeutic range. However, continuous oxygen therapy was needed to maintain her oxygenation. Further laboratory investigations revealed elevated carcinoembryonic antigen, carbohydrate antigen 19-9, and carbohydrate antigen 72-4. Positron emission tomography-computed tomography showed malignant carcinoma in the head of her pancreas with lymph node involvement along with bone, peritoneal, and left adrenal metastasis, as well as double lung lymphangitic carcinomatosis. Conclusion: A differential diagnosis of digestive system neoplasm should be considered when a pregnant patient presents with gestational diabetes mellitus and disseminated intravascular coagulation, where the disseminated intravascular coagulation has no specific cause and cannot be readily resolved. © 2018 The Author(s).
Developmental origins of pregnancy-induced cardiac changes: establishment of a novel model using the atrial natriuretic peptide gene-disrupted mice; Pregnancy evokes many challenges on the maternal cardiovascular system that may unmask predispositions for future disease. This is particularly evident for women who develop pregnancy-related disorders, for example, pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes or hypertension. Such pregnancy-related syndromes increase the risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) postpartum. As a result, pregnancy has been termed as a cardiovascular stress test and an indicator or marker to predict the development of CVD later in life. In addition, pregnancy-related disorders impact the development of offspring also placing them at a higher risk for disease. Utilizing pregnancy as a physiological stressor, the current investigation sought to determine whether the cardiovascular system of offspring exposed to gestational hypertension in utero would respond adversely to the stress of pregnancy. Heterozygous atrial natriuretic peptide gene-disrupted (ANP+/−) offspring were generated by either crossing male wildtype ANP+/+ with female knockout ANP−/− to produce ANP+/−KO mice or crossing female wildtype ANP+/+ with male knockout ANP−/− to produce ANP+/−WT mice. To study the cardiovascular stress induced by pregnancy, female ANP+/−WT and ANP+/−KO mice were mated with male wildtype ANP+/+ mice to initiate pregnancy. Cardiac size and molecular expression of the renin-angiotensin (RAS) and natriuretic peptide systems (NPS) were compared between offspring groups. Our data demonstrate that gestational hypertension and lack of maternal ANP did not significantly impact the progression and regression of pregnancy-induced cardiac hypertrophy over gestation and postpartum in ANP+/− offspring. Additionally, the molecular cardiac expression of the RAS and NPS did not differ between offspring groups. Future investigation should assess potential differences in cardiac function and the impact of fetal-programming on offspring cardiovascular adaptations during pregnancy in more severe models of pregnancy-related hypertensive syndrome such as angiotensin II or isoproterenol infusion. © 2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Exposure to Gestational Diabetes Is a Stronger Predictor of Dysmetabolic Traits in Children Than Size at Birth; Context and Objective: Being born small or large for gestational age and intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes (GDM) increase the risk of type 2 diabetes in the offspring. However, the potential combined deleterious effects of size at birth and GDM exposure remains unknown. We examined the independent effect of size at birth and the influence of GDM exposure in utero on cardiometabolic traits, body composition, and puberty status in children. Design, Participants, and Methods: The present study was a longitudinal birth cohort study. We used clinical data from 490 offspring of mothers with GDM and 527 control offspring aged 9 to 16 years, born singleton at term from the Danish National Birth Cohort with available birthweight data. Results: We found no evidence of a U-shaped association between size at birth (expressed as birthweight, sex, and gestational age adjusted z-score) and cardiometabolic traits. Body size in childhood and adolescence reflected the size at birth but was not reflected in any metabolic outcome. No synergistic adverse effect of being born small or large for gestational age and exposure to GDM was shown. However, GDM was associated with an adverse metabolic profile and earlier onset of female puberty in childhood and adolescence independently of size at birth. Conclusion: In childhood and adolescence, we found GDM was a stronger predictor of dysmetabolic traits than size at birth. The combination of being born small or large and exposed to GDM does not exacerbate the metabolic profile in the offspring. © 2019 Endocrine Society.
Metabolic disorders during pregnancy and postpartum cardiometabolic risk; Hormonal changes during pregnancy can trigger gestational diabetes (GDM), which is constantly increasing. Its main characteristic is pronounced insulin resistance, but it appears to be a multifactorial process involving several metabolic factors; taken together, the latter leads to silent or clinically evident cardiovascular (CV) events. Insulin resistance and central adiposity are of crucial importance in the development of metabolic syndrome, and they appear to correlate with CV risk factors, including hypertension and atherogenic dyslipidaemia. Hypertensive disease of pregnancy (HDP) is more likely to be an accompanying co-morbidity in pregnancies complicated with GDM. There is still inconsistent evidence as to whether or not co-existent GDM and HDP have a synergistic effects on postpartum risk of cardiometabolic disease; however, this synergism is becoming more accepted since both these conditions may promote endothelial inflammation and early atherosclerosis. Regardless of the presence or absence of the synergism between GDM and HDP, these conditions need to be dealt early enough, in order to reduce CV morbidity and to improve health outcomes for both women and their offspring. © 2018 The authors.
Management of Obstructive Sleep Apnea in Pregnancy; The spectrum of sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) ranges from mild snoring to obstructive sleep apnea, the most severe form of SDB. Current recommendations are to treat these women with continuous positive airway pressure despite limited data. SDB in early and mid-pregnancy is associated with preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Pregnant women with a diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnea at delivery were at significantly increased risk of having cardiomyopathy, congestive heart failure, pulmonary embolism, and in-hospital death. These effects were exacerbated in the presence of obesity. Postpartum, these women are at risk for respiratory suppression and should be monitored. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.
Severe maternal morbidity in women with high BMI in IVF and unassisted singleton pregnancies; STUDY QUESTION: Is there a synergistic risk of severe maternal morbidity (SMM) in overweight/obese women who conceived by IVF compared to normal-weight women without IVF? SUMMARY ANSWER: SMM was more common in IVF pregnancies, and among overweight/obese women, but we did not detect a synergistic effect of both factors. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: While much is known about the impact of overweight and obesity on success rates after IVF, there is less data on maternal health outcomes. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: This is a population-based cohort study of 114 409 singleton pregnancies with conceptions dating from 11 January 2013 until 10 January 2014 in Ontario, Canada. The data source was the Canadian Assisted Reproductive Technologies Register (CARTR Plus) linked with the Ontario birth registry (BORN Information System). PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: We included women who delivered at ≥20 weeks gestation, and excluded those younger than 18 years or with twin pregnancies. Women were classified according to the mode of conception (IVF or unassisted) and according to pre-pregnancy BMI (high BMI (≥25 kg/m2) or low-normal BMI (<25 kg/m2)). The main outcome was SMM, a composite of serious complications using International Classification of Diseases, 10th revision (ICD-10) codes. Secondary outcomes were gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and cesarean delivery. Adjusted risk ratios (aRR) with 95% CI were estimated using log binomial regression, adjusted for maternal age, parity, education, income and baseline maternal comorbidity. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Of 114 409 pregnancies, 1596 (1.4%) were IVF conceptions. Overall, 41.2% of the sample had high BMI, which was similar in IVF and non-IVF groups. We observed 674 SMM events (rate: 5.9 per 1000 deliveries). IVF was associated with an increased risk of SMM (rate 11.3/1000; aRR 1.89, 95% CI: 1.06.3.39). High BMI was modestly associated with SMM (rate 7.0/1000; aRR 1.23, 95% CI: 1.04.1.45) There was no interaction between the two factors (P = 0.22). We noted supra-additive effects of high BMI and IVF on the risk of pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes, but not gestational hypertension or cesarean delivery. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: We were unable to assess outcomes according to reason for treatment. Type II error (beta ~25%) may affect our results. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Our results support previous data indicating a greater risk of SMM in IVF pregnancies, and among women with high BMI. However, these factors do not interact. Overweight and obese women who seek treatment with IVF should be counseled about pregnancy risks. The decision to proceed with IVF should be based on clinical judgment after considering an individualfs chance of success and risk of complications. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This study was supported by the Research Institute of the McGill University Health Centre (grant 6291) and also supported by the Trio Fertility (formerly Lifequest) Research Fund. The authors report no competing interests. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: Not applicable. © The Author(s) 2018. Published by Oxford University Press.
Anti-inflammatory role of carotenoids in endothelial cells derived from umbilical cord of women affected by gestational diabetes mellitus; Diabetes is associated with vascular inflammation, endothelial dysfunction, and oxidative stress, promoting the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Several studies showed that a carotenoid-rich diet is associated to a reduced cardiovascular risk in healthy and diabetic subjects, although the mechanisms of action are still unknown. Here, the potential role of β-carotene (BC) and lycopene (Lyc) in human endothelial cells isolated from human umbilical cord vein (HUVECs) of women with gestational diabetes (GD) and respective controls (C) has been investigated. Results showed that BC and Lyc reduced the tumor necrosis factor alpha- (TNF-α-) stimulated monocyte-endothelium interaction (adhesion assay), membrane exposure (flow cytometry), and total expression levels (Western blot) of VCAM-1 and ICAM-1 in both cell types. Moreover, the treatment with BC and Lyc reduced the TNF-α-induced nuclear translocation of NF-κB (image flow cytometry) by preserving bioavailability of nitric oxide (NO, flow cytometry, and cGMP EIA kit assay), a key vasoactive molecule. Notably, BC and Lyc pretreatment significantly reduced peroxynitrite levels (flow cytometry), contributing to the redox balance protection. These results suggest a new mechanism of action of carotenoids which exert vascular protective action in diabetic condition, thus reinforcing the importance of a carotenoid-rich diet in the prevention of diabetes cardiovascular complications. Copyright © 2019 Mariangela Ucci et al. This is an open access article distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.
Fetal but not maternal angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE)-2 Gene Rs2074192 polymorphism is associated with increased risk of being a small for gestational age (SGA) Newborn; Background/Aims: The maternal and fetal Renin-Angiotensin-System is involved in the control of pregnancy outcomes such as blood pressure control and gestational age. However, very little is known about the impact of the angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) on pregnancy outcome. We thus performed a prospective clinical observational study analyzing the association of maternal and fetal ACE2 gene rs2074192 polymorphism with fetal growth during pregnancy. Methods: 898 singleton pregnant women were prospectively recruited. 739 pregnant women finally participated in the study and were genotyped. 474 women also donated umbilical cord blood for gene analysis of their offspring. All data such as basic demographic information, data from birth records, biochemical and immunological parameters, as well as Doppler ultrasonographic findings during pregnancy were collected. Fetal and maternal ACE2 gene rs2074192 polymorphism was genotyped by DNA sequencing. Results: Our analysis showed that the maternal ACE2 gene rs2074192 polymorphism was not associated with gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, anemia, postpartum hemorrhage and fetal growth. However, neonates having rs2074192 T allele were more likely to be born as small for gestational age (SGA) babies. After multivariable logistic regression considering known confounding, we could demonstrate that the neonatal rs2074192 T allele was an independent risk factor for SGA (OR: 22.93, 95%CI: 1.26∼418.77, P< 0.05). Conclusion: This is the first study showing that the babies but not their mothers with ACE2 gene rs2074192 T allele had a high risk for SGA, which contributes to metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases in later life. © 2018 The Author(s). Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.
Special Considerations in the Management of Diabetes in Women; Introduction: Type 2 diabetes and prediabetes are heterogeneous diseases that directly affect over 115 million Americans. Considerable gender differences exist with regard to diabetes risk factors, hormonal effects on glucose, and cardiovascular outcomes. Materials and Methods: Historically, diabetes studies have largely focused on men with the assumption that the data can safely be extrapolated to women. However, more recent investigations have illuminated significant differences between genders. Results: Women are at higher risk of death from cardiovascular disease (CVD), are more likely to die following a myocardial infarction, and are treated less aggressively toward glycemic targets. Additionally, pregnancy and menopause have profound effects on the risks for diabetes and therefore warrant more aggressive diagnostic attention and monitoring. It is important for practitioners to understand that women who have gestational diabetes are at an increased risk for CVD even if they do not develop diabetes. Older age brings additional challenges with diabetes, including increased fracture risk even with normal bone mineral density. Conclusion: Recognizing the stages of life that are unique to women is critical as treatment and patient education can significantly impact patient well-being and outcomes. This article describes female-specific characteristics of prediabetes and diabetes during several distinct phases of life, including pregnancy, menopause, and older age. Diagnostic and management strategies for these populations are also discussed. © Copyright 2018, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2018.
Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of subsequent pediatric cardiovascular diseases of the offspring: a population-based cohort study with up to 18 years of follow up; Aims: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been increasing worldwide. We aimed to study the effect of GDM on the risk for childhood cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring. Methods: A population-based cohort analysis was performed comparing total and different subtypes of cardiovascular related pediatric diagnoses among offspring of mothers with GDM vs. offspring of mothers with no diabetes. The analysis included all singletons born between the years 1991–2014. Cardiovascular related morbidities included hospitalizations involving a pre-defined set of ICD-9 codes. Mothers with pregestational diabetes, Infants with congenital malformations, multiple gestations, and perinatal deaths were excluded from the analysis. A Cox proportional hazards model was constructed to adjust for confounders. Results: The study population included 216197 newborns which met the inclusion criteria; among them 4.4% (9460) were born to mothers with GDM controlled by diet and exercise (GDM A1) and 0.3% (724) were born to mothers with GDM requiring oral treatment or insulin (GDM A2). A significant association was noted between GDM and the rate of cardiovascular related hospitalizations (0.97 for GDM A2 vs. 0.57 for GDM A1 vs. 0.33 for no GDM, respectively; p < 0.001). The association remained significant and independent for GDM A1 only while adjusting for relevant confounders [adjusted HR = 1.6 (1.2–2.2); p value 0.001]. Conclusions: A significant association is noted between the GDM and the rate of cardiovascular hospitalizations of the offspring. However, in our population GDM A1 is an independent risk factor for pediatric cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring. © 2018, Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature.
Presentation, clinical profile, and prognosis of young patients with myocardial infarction with nonobstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA): Results from the VIRGO study; Background—We compared the clinical characteristics and outcomes of young patients with myocardial infarction with nonobstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA) versus obstructive disease (myocardial infarction due to coronary artery disease [MICAD]) and among patients with MINOCA by sex and subtype. Methods and Results—Between 2008 and 2012, VIRGO (Variation in Recovery: Role of Gender on Outcomes of Young AMI Patients) prospectively enrolled acute myocardial infarction patients aged 18 to 55 years in 103 hospitals at a 2:1 ratio of women to men. Using an angiographically driven taxonomy, we defined patients as having MI-CAD if there was revascularization or plaque ≥50% and as having MINOCA if there was <50% obstruction or a nonplaque mechanism. Patients who did not have an angiogram or who received thrombolytics before an angiogram were excluded. Outcomes included 1- and 12-month mortality and functional (Seattle Angina Questionnaire [SAQ]) and psychosocial status. Of 2690 patients undergoing angiography, 2374 (88.4%) had MICAD, 299 (11.1%) had MINOCA, and 17 (0.6%) remained unclassified. Women had 5 times higher odds of having MINOCA than men (14.9% versus 3.5%; odds ratio: 4.84; 95% confidence interval, 3.29–7.13). MINOCA patients were more likely to be without traditional cardiac risk factors (8.7% versus 1.3%; P<0.001) but more predisposed to hypercoaguable states than MI-CAD patients (3.0% versus 1.3%; P=0.036). Women with MI-CAD were more likely than those with MINOCA to be menopausal (55.2% versus 41.2%; P<0.001) or to have a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (16.8% versus 11.0%; P=0.028). The MINOCA mechanisms varied: a nonplaque mechanism was identified for 75 patients (25.1%), and their clinical profiles and management also varied. Oneand 12-month mortality with MINOCA and MI-CAD was similar (1-month: 1.1% and 1.7% [P=0.43]; 12-month: 0.6% and 2.3% [P=0.68], respectively), as was adjusted 12-month SAQ quality of life (76.5 versus 73.5, respectively; P=0.06). Conclusions—Young patients with MINOCA were more likely women, had a heterogeneous mechanistic profile, and had clinical outcomes that were comparable to those of MI-CAD patients. © 2018 The Authors.
Screening of differentially expressed proteins from syncytiotrophoblast for severe early-onset preeclampsia in women with gestational diabetes mellitus using tandem mass tag quantitative proteomics; Background: Previous studies have revealed that women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of developing preeclampsia (PE). The possible reason is the abnormal lipid metabolism caused by GDM that leads to dysfunction of vascular endothelial cells and atherosclerosis, resulting in the onset of PE. However, studies focusing on the pathogenesis of PE in syncytiotrophoblast of GDM patients are lacking. This study aimed to compare differentially expressed proteins from syncytiotrophoblast between women with GDM and women with GDM with subsequently developed PE. Methods: Syncytiotrophoblast samples were obtained from pregnant women immediately after delivery. To explore the protein expression changes of syncytiotrophoblast that might explain the pathogenesis of PE in women with GDM, quantitative proteomics was performed using tandem mass tag (TMT) isobaric tags and liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Bioinformatics analysis was performed to enrich the biological processes that these differentially expressed proteins were involved in. Results: A total of 28,234 unique peptides and 4140 proteins were identified in all samples. Among them, 23 differentially expressed proteins were identified between patients with GDM and patients with GDM with subsequently developed PE. Therein, 11 proteins were upregulated and 12 proteins were downregulated. Two relative proteins (FLT1 and PABPC4) were independently verified using immunoblotting analysis. Bioinformatic results indicated that the onset of PE in patients with GDM is a multifactorial disorder, involving factors such as apoptosis, transcriptional misregulation, oxidative stress, lipid metabolism, cell infiltration and migration, and angiogenesis. Conclusion: These results indicated that the inadequacy of endometrium infiltration, angiogenic disorder, and oxidative stress in syncytiotrophoblast are more likely to occur in patients with GDM and may be the potential mechanisms leading to such patients secondarily developing severe early-onset PE. © 2018 The Author(s).
Effect of maternal psoriasis on pregnancy and birth outcomes: A population-based cohort study from Denmark and Sweden; Studies on pregnancy and birth outcomes in women with psoriasis are scarce and the findings inconsistent. The effect of maternal psoriasis and its severity on the risk of adverse pregnancy and birth outcomes was examined. A cross-national population-based cohort study was performed using prospectively collected data from Denmark and Sweden. Singleton births in women with psoriasis were identified in the national health registers between April 2007 and December 2012 and classified according to disease severity. Lifestyle factors, co-morbidity, pregnancy and birth outcomes were evaluated. A total of 8,097 births were identified in 6,103 women with psoriasis and 964 births in 753 women with psoriatic arthritis. Increased risk of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, elective and emergency caesarean delivery was found in women with psoriasis. The risks were higher for women with severe psoriasis, who also had an increased risk of preterm birth and low birth weight. Pre-concep-tion counselling to improve maternal, pregnancy and birth outcome is encouraged. © 2018 Acta Dermato-Venereologica.
Advanced maternal age worsens postpartum vascular function; The age at which women experience their first pregnancy has increased throughout the decades. Pregnancy has an important influence on maternal short- and long-term cardiovascular outcomes. Pregnancy at an advanced maternal age increases maternal risk of gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, placenta previa and caesarian delivery; complications which predict worsened cardiovascular health in later years. Aging also independently increases the risk of cardiovascular disease; therefore, combined risk in women of advanced maternal age may lead to detrimental cardiovascular outcomes later in life. We hypothesized that pregnancy at an advanced maternal age would lead to postpartum vascular dysfunction. We used a reproductively aged rat model to investigate vascular function in never pregnant (virgin), previously pregnant (postpartum) and previously mated but never delivered (nulliparous) rats at approximately 13.5 months of age (3 months postpartum or equivalent). Nulliparous rats, in which pregnancy was spontaneously lost, demonstrated significantly reduced aortic relaxation responses (methylcholine [MCh] Emax: 54.2 ± 12.6%) vs. virgin and postpartum rats (MCh Emax: 84.8 ± 3.5% and 84.7 ± 3.2% respectively); suggesting pregnancy loss causes a worsened vascular pathology. Oxidized LDL reduced relaxation to MCh in aorta from virgin and postpartum, but not nulliparous rats, with an increased contribution of the LOX-1 receptor in the postpartum group. Further, in mesenteric arteries from postpartum rats, endothelium-derived hyperpolarization (EDH)-mediated vasodilation was reduced and a constrictive prostaglandin effect was apparent. In conclusion, aged postpartum rats exhibited vascular dysfunction, while rats which had pregnancy loss demonstrated a distinct vascular pathology. These data demonstrate mechanisms which may lead to worsened outcomes at an advanced maternal age; including early pregnancy loss and later life cardiovascular dysfunction. © 2017 Morton, Care, Kirschenman, Cooke and Davidge.
Higher O-GlcNAc levels are associated with defects in progenitor proliferation and premature neuronal differentiation during in-vitro human embryonic cortical neurogenesis; The nutrient responsive O-GlcNAcylation is a dynamic post-translational protein modification found on several nucleocytoplasmic proteins. Previous studies have suggested that hyperglycemia induces the levels of total O-GlcNAcylation inside the cells. Hyperglycemia mediated increase in protein O-GlcNAcylation has been shown to be responsible for various pathologies including insulin resistance and Alzheimer’s disease. Since maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy is associated with adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes in the offspring, it is intriguing to identify the effect of increased protein O-GlcNAcylation on embryonic neurogenesis. Herein using human embryonic stemcells (hESCs) as model, we show that increased levels of total O-GlcNAc is associated with decreased neural progenitor proliferation and premature differentiation of cortical neurons, reduced AKT phosphorylation, increased apoptosis and defects in the expression of various regulators of embryonic corticogenesis. As defects in proliferation and differentiation during neurodevelopment are common features of various neurodevelopmental disorders, increased O-GlcNAcylation could be one mechanism responsible for defective neurodevelopmental outcomes in metabolically compromised pregnancies such as diabetes. © 2017 Parween, Varghese, Ardah, Prabakaran,Mensah-Brown, Emerald and Ansari.
Assessing the consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus on offspring's cardiovascular health: MySweetHeart Cohort study protocol, Switzerland; Introduction Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a state of glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy. GDM carries prenatal and perinatal risks as well as long-term risks for the mother and her child. GDM may be involved in the foetal programming of long-term cardiovascular health. However, evidence is sparse and the effect of GDM on cardiovascular health is unknown. To address these issues, we will conduct MySweetHeart Cohort study. The objectives are to assess the effect of GDM on offspring's cardiovascular health early in life by using surrogate markers of cardiovascular disease and atherosclerosis. Methods and analysis This is a cohort study of 100 offspring of women with GDM and 100 offspring of women without GDM. At inclusion, a baseline assessment of the mothers will be conducted through means of self-report questionnaires, a researcher-administrated interview, blood pressure and anthropometric measurements, and a maternal blood sampling. Between the 30th and 34th weeks of gestation, a foetal echography will be performed to assess the foetal cardiac structure and function, the fetomaternal circulation and the hepatic volume. At birth, maternal and neonatal characteristics will be assessed. An echocardiography will be performed to assess cardiac structure and function 2-7 days after birth; carotid intima-media thickness will be also measured to assess vascular structure. MySweetHeart Cohort is linked to MySweetHeart Trial (clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02890693), a randomised controlled trial assessing the effect of a multidimensional interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention to improve the cardiometabolic and mental health of women with GDM and their offspring. A long-term follow-up of children is planned. © 2017 Article author(s) (or their employer(s) unless otherwise stated in the text of the article). All rights reserved.
Women-specific risk factors for heart failure: A genetic approach; Heart failure is a complex disease, which is presented differently by men and women. Several studies have shown that reproductive factors, such as age at natural menopause, parity and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), may play a role in the development of heart failure. Shared genetics may provide clues to underlying mechanisms; however, this has never been examined. Therefore, the aim of the current study was to explore whether any reproductive factor is potentially related to heart failure in women, based on genetic similarities. Conducting a systematic literature review, single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with reproductive factors, heart failure and its risk factors were extracted from recent genome-wide association studies. We tested whether there was any overlap between the SNPs and their proxies of reproductive risk factors with those known for heart failure or its risk factors. In total, 520 genetic variants were found that are associated with reproductive factors, namely age at menarche, age at natural menopause, menstrual cycle length, PCOS, preeclampsia, preterm delivery and spontaneous dizygotic twinning. For heart failure and associated phenotypes, 25 variants were found. Genetic variants for reproductive factors did not overlap with those for heart failure. However, age at menarche, gestational diabetes and PCOS were found to be genetically linked to risk factors for heart failure, such as atrial fibrillation, diabetes and smoking. Corresponding implicated genes, such as TNNI3K, ErbB3, MKL2, MTNR1B and PRKD1, may explain the associations between reproductive factors and heart failure. Exact effector mechanisms of these genes remain to be investigated further. © 2017
A randomized double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial investigating the effect of fish oil supplementation on gene expression related to insulin action, blood lipids, and inflammation in gestational diabetes mellitus-fish oil supplementation and gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy, and it is mostly associated with postpartum diabetes, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. Fish oil (omega-3) supplementation has been shown to reduce the risk of different chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and cancers, though the evidence of its impact on gestational diabetes is scarce. Our goal in this study was to determine the effect of fish oil administration on gene expression related to insulin action, blood lipids, and inflammation in women with GDM. Participants with GDM (n = 40), aged 18–40 years, were randomized to take either 1000 mg fish oil capsules, containing 180 mg eicosapentaenoic acid and 120 mg docosahexaenoic acid (n = 20), or placebo (n = 20) twice a day for 6 weeks. Gene expression related to insulin, lipids, and inflammation was quantified in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of GDM women using Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR) method. Results of RT-PCR indicated that omega-3 supplementation upregulated gene expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-γ) (P = 0.04) in PBMCs of patients with GDM, compared with the placebo. In addition, gene expression of the low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) (P < 0.001), interleukin-1 (IL-1) (P = 0.007), and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) (P = 0.01) was downregulated in PBMCs of women with GDM, following omega-3 supplementation. No significant effect of omega-3 supplementation was indicated on gene expression of IL-8 in PBMCs of patients with GDM. Overall, fish oil supplementation for 6 weeks in women with GDM significantly improved gene expression of PPAR-γ, IL-1, and TNF-α, but not gene expression of IL-8. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Fetal cardiac remodeling in twin pregnancy conceived by assisted reproductive technology; Objective: Recent data suggest that singleton fetuses conceived by assisted reproductive technology (ART) present cardiovascular remodeling that may persist postnatally. Twin pregnancies are more frequent in the ART population and are associated with increased adverse perinatal outcomes, such as hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes and preterm birth. However, it is unknown whether cardiac remodeling is also present in twin pregnancies conceived by ART. Our aim was to assess the presence of fetal cardiac remodeling and dysfunction in twin pregnancies conceived by ART as compared with those conceived spontaneously (SC). Methods: This was a prospective cohort study including 50 dichorionic twin fetuses conceived by ART and 50 SC twin fetuses. The study protocol included collection of baseline/perinatal data and a fetal ultrasound examination at 28–30 weeks' gestation, including assessment of estimated fetal weight, fetoplacental Doppler and fetal echocardiography. Measurements of atrial area, atrial/heart ratio, ventricular sphericity index, free wall thickness, mitral and tricuspid annular plane systolic excursions, and systolic and early diastolic peak velocities were assessed. Multilevel analyses were used to compare perinatal and ultrasonographic parameters. Comparisons of echocardiographic variables were adjusted for parental age, paternal body mass index and incidence of pre-eclampsia. Results: Compared with SC twins, ART twin fetuses showed significant cardiac changes, predominantly affecting the right heart, such as dilated atria (right atrial/heart area: 15.7 ± 3.1 vs 18.4 ± 3.2, P < 0.001), more globular ventricles (right ventricular sphericity index: 1.57 ± 0.25 vs 1.41 ± 0.23, P = 0.001) and thicker myocardial walls (septal wall thickness: 2.57 ± 0.45 mm vs 2.84 ± 0.41 mm, P = 0.034) together with reduced longitudinal motion (tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion: 6.36 ± 0.89 mm vs 5.18 ± 0.93 mm, P < 0.001). Conclusions: ART twin fetuses present signs of cardiac remodeling and dysfunction. These changes are similar to those observed in ART singletons and reinforce the concept of fetal cardiac programing in ART. These results open opportunities for early detection and intervention in infants conceived by ART. Copyright © 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. Copyright © 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Echocardiographic findings in newborns of gestational diabetic mothers and its relationship with somatomedin C;                              Background: Diabetes is an important disease that affects fetal development during pregnancy and causes metabolic disorders in newborns. Changes in serum glucose, ketone bodies, and somatomedin C inhibitors in the diabetic pregnancies are responsible for the development of metabolic syndromes. The frequency of maternal hyperglycemia has reduced with careful monitoring during pregnancy of diabetic mothers. Nevertheless, morbidity in offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) continues to be significant. We aimed to investigate the cardiac function of infants of mothers with GDM by echocardiographic (ECHO) Doppler and tissue Doppler methods and to evaluate their demographic features, somatomedin C level and the relations them with each other. Methods: ECHO findings, laboratory data of newborns applied to our clinic between January and December 2016, and demographics of GDM mothers were examined. In the study, 108 neonates born to GDM mothers, and 100 healthy neonates (controls) were enrolled at postpartum 48                             th                              hour. Serum somatomedin- C levels were measured and detailed clinical and ECHO examination were performed. Isovolumetric relaxation (IVRT), isovolumetric contraction (IVCT), Myocardial Performance Index (MPI=ei Index) as an index that include both systolic and diastolic time intervals in expressing global systolic and diastolic ventricular functions [MPI: (IVRT + IVCT) / systolic ejection time] were calculated using both ventricular function M-mode, pulsed-wave and tissue Doppler ECHO methods. In addition, pulmonary arterial pressure (PAP) and tricuspid and mitral valves annular plan systolic excursion motions (TAPSE, MAPSE) were measured. Anamnesis and laboratory studies (fasting blood glucose [GHG] and glycosylated hemoglobin c [HbA1c]) measurements of all mothers were performed. Results: In the study group, 49 (45.4%) of infants were females and 59 were males (54.6%), the incidence of macrosomia was 4 (3.7%) in the study group and 2 (2.0%) in the control group. In comparison between the maternal groups, GDM mothers had significantly higher levels of fasting blood glucose (FBG) and HbA1c (p < 0.0001). There was no significant difference in birth weight and somatomedin C levels in neonates between two groups, but head circumference and height values were significantly higher in infants born to GDM mothers (p < 0.05). In the echocardiographic examinations, small muscular ventricular septal defects were detected in 3 infants (2.77%) in study group, and 1 infant (1.0%) in control group. The M mode review revealed that diastolic end-interventricular septum thickness was significantly higher in IDMs group (p < 0.001). In the evaluation of right ventricular function, MPI values were significantly higher in the infants of GDM group than control group (p < 0.05). Also, IVCT, a diastolic function indicator, was significantly longer in the study group (p < 0.05). There was a statistically insignificant decrease in TAPSE values in infants of GDM group (p > 0.05). In evaluation of left ventricular function between groups, MPI and IVRT values were significantly higher in infants of GDM group (p < 0.05), whereas MAPSE values were significantly decreased in the study group (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Although infants of mothers with GDM were clinically normal in our study, we determined significant differences in diastolic parameters in addition to subclinical findings of ventricular septal thickness. We emphasize that cardiac involvement requires early diagnosis and neonatal approach even though complications in infants born to GDM mothers usually recover spontaneously. As expected, these infants are prone to various hyperglycemic adverse outcomes. Therefore, recognizing and treating hyperglycemia in time should be an important target for prevention of metabolic problems and deaths in severe cases.                          © 2018 Yerkure Tanitim ve Yayincilik Hizmetleri A.S.
Effect of Iodine Nutrition on Pregnancy Outcomes in an Iodine-Sufficient Area in China; Many studies focused on the association between thyroid disease and pregnancy outcomes. The present study explored the effect of iodine nutrition during the first trimester on pregnancy outcomes. One thousand five hundred sixty-nine pregnant, euthyroid women at ≤12 weeks of gestation in an iodine-sufficient area in China were recruited. According to the World Health Organization (WHO) criteria for iodine nutrition during pregnancy, participants were divided into four groups: adequate iodine (median urinary iodine concentration (UIC), 150–249 μg/L), mild deficiency (UIC, 100–150 μg/L), moderate and severe deficiency (UIC, OpenSPiltSPi100 μg/L), and more than adequate and excessive (UIC, ≥250 μg/L) groups. Pregnancy outcomes, including abortion, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), placenta previa, placental abruption, preterm labor, low birth weight infants, macrosomia, breech presentation, and cord entanglement, were obtained during follow-up. The results showed that there was no significant difference in general characteristics, including age, body mass index, abdominal circumference, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, heart rate, smoking rate, and drinking rate, among the four groups. In the more than adequate and excessive group, thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) was greater and free thyroxine (FT4) was lower than any other groups but still within normal range. The thyroglobulin (Tg) level was greater in the moderate and severe deficiency group. The incidence of GDM was significantly greater in women with mild iodine deficiency than in women with adequate iodine nutriture (18.38 vs. 13.70%, p OpenSPiltSPi 0.05). Compared with the adequate group, incidence of macrosomia was significantly greater in the more than adequate and excessive group (12.42 vs. 9.79%, p OpenSPiltSPi 0.05). Mild iodine deficiency was an independent risk factor for GDM (odds ratio = 1.566, 95% confidence interval = 1.060–2.313, p = 0.024); more than adequate and excessive iodine was an independent risk factor for macrosomia (OR = 1.917, CI = 1.128–3.256, p = 0.016). In summary, during 1st trimester, both mild iodine deficiency and excessive iodine intake had adverse impacts on pregnancy outcomes in an iodine-sufficient area. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Development and validation of QDiabetes-2018 risk prediction algorithm to estimate future risk of type 2 diabetes: cohort study; Objectives To derive and validate updated QDiabetes-2018 prediction algorithms to estimate the 10 year risk of type 2 diabetes in men and women, taking account of potential new risk factors, and to compare their performance with current approaches.Design Prospective open cohort study.Setting Routinely collected data from 1457 general practices in England contributing to the QResearch database: 1094 were used to develop the scores and a separate set of 363 were used to validate the scores.Participants 11.5 million people aged 25-84 and free of diabetes at baseline: 8.87 million in the derivation cohort and 2.63 million in the validation cohort.Methods Cox proportional hazards models were used in the derivation cohort to derive separate risk equations in men and women for evaluation at 10 years. Risk factors considered included those already in QDiabetes (age, ethnicity, deprivation, body mass index, smoking, family history of diabetes in a first degree relative, cardiovascular disease, treated hypertension, and regular use of corticosteroids) and new risk factors: atypical antipsychotics, statins, schizophrenia or bipolar affective disorder, learning disability, gestational diabetes, and polycystic ovary syndrome. Additional models included fasting blood glucose and glycated haemoglobin (HBA1c). Measures of calibration and discrimination were determined in the validation cohort for men and women separately and for individual subgroups by age group, ethnicity, and baseline disease status.Main outcome measure Incident type 2 diabetes recorded on the general practice record.Results In the derivation cohort, 178 314 incident cases of type 2 diabetes were identified during follow-up arising from 42.72 million person years of observation. In the validation cohort, 62 326 incident cases of type 2 diabetes were identified from 14.32 million person years of observation. All new risk factors considered met our model inclusion criteria. Model A included age, ethnicity, deprivation, body mass index, smoking, family history of diabetes in a first degree relative, cardiovascular disease, treated hypertension, and regular use of corticosteroids, and new risk factors: atypical antipsychotics, statins, schizophrenia or bipolar affective disorder, learning disability, and gestational diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome in women. Model B included the same variables as model A plus fasting blood glucose. Model C included HBA1c instead of fasting blood glucose. All three models had good calibration and high levels of explained variation and discrimination. In women, model B explained 63.3% of the variation in time to diagnosis of type 2 diabetes (R2), the D statistic was 2.69 and the Harrell's C statistic value was 0.89. The corresponding values for men were 58.4%, 2.42, and 0.87. Model B also had the highest sensitivity compared with current recommended practice in the National Health Service based on bands of either fasting blood glucose or HBA1c. However, only 16% of patients had complete data for blood glucose measurements, smoking, and body mass index.Conclusions Three updated QDiabetes risk models to quantify the absolute risk of type 2 diabetes were developed and validated: model A does not require a blood test and can be used to identify patients for fasting blood glucose (model B) or HBA1c (model C) testing. Model B had the best performance for predicting 10 year risk of type 2 diabetes to identify those who need interventions and more intensive follow-up, improving on current approaches. Additional external validation of models B and C in datasets with more completely collected data on blood glucose would be valuable before the models are used in clinical practice. Published by the BMJ Publishing Group Limited. For permission to use (where not already granted under a licence) please go to http://group.bmj.com/group/rights-licensing/permissions.
Early subclinical atherosclerosis in gestational diabetes: The predictive role of routine biomarkers and nutrigenetic variants; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can be considered a silent risk for out-of-pregnancy diabetes mellitus (DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. We aimed to assess the predictive role of 3rd trimester lipid profile during pregnancy for the susceptibility to markers of subclinical atherosclerosis (CVD susceptibility) at 3 years in a cohort of women with history of GDM. A secondary aim is to evaluate the usefulness of novel nutrigenetic markers, in addition to traditional parameters, for predicting early subclinical atherosclerosis in such women in order to plan adequate early prevention interventions. We assessed 28 consecutive GDM women in whom we collected socio-demographic characteristics and clinical and anthropometric parameters at the 3rd trimester of pregnancy. In a single blood sample, from each patient, we assessed 9 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) from 9 genes related to nutrients and metabolism, which were genotyped by High Resolution Melting analysis. All women then attended a 3-year-postpartum follow-up and on that occasion performed an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT, with 75 g oral glucose), the measurement of carotid artery intima-media thickness (cIMT), and analyses of metabolic parameters. In addition, we evaluated the physical activity level and the adherence to Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) using the International Physical Activity Questionnaire (IPAQ-short version) and PREDIMED questionnaires. We found an association between 3rd trimester triglycerides and cIMT (p = 0 014). We also found significant associations between the APOA5 CC genotype and cIMT after adjustments for age and body mass index (p = 0 045) and between the interaction CC APOA5/CC LDLR and cIMT (p = 0 010). At the follow-up, the cohort also featured a mean BMI in the overweight range and a high mean waist circumference. We found no difference in the MedDiet adherence, physical activity, and smoking but an inverse correlation between the PREDIMED and the IPAQ scores with the IMT. In conclusion, this preliminary study provides insight into the predictive role of lipid profile during pregnancy and of some genetic variants on cIMT taken as a parameter of subclinical CVD susceptibility in GDM. Copyright © 2018 Marica Franzago et al.
Pregnancy-associated hypertension and offspring cardiometabolic health; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether pregnancy-associated hypertension (gestational hypertension and preeclampsia) was associated with the cardiometabolic health of young offspring. METHODS: This was a prospective observational follow-up study from 2012 to 2013 of children born to women previously enrolled in a mild gestational diabetes mellitus treatment trial or nongestational diabetes mellitus observational study. At 5-10 years after birth, children were examined and fasting blood samples obtained to determine the following cardiometabolic risk factors: blood pressure (BP), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, waist circumference, and body mass index (BMI). RESULTS: This analysis included 979 children evaluated at a median 7 years of age. Twenty-three (2%) were born preterm from a hypertensive pregnancy, 73 (7%) were born at term from a hypertensive pregnancy, 58 (6%) were born preterm from a normotensive pregnancy, and 825 (84%) were born at term from a normotensive pregnancy (reference group). After adjusting for confounding factors, mean adjusted systolic BP was significantly higher in the children who were born at term to mothers who experienced pregnancy-associated hypertension compared with those born at term to normotensive mothers (systolic BP of 104 mm Hg, 95% CI 101-106 vs systolic BP of 99 mm Hg, 95% CI 99-100, P=.001). No other significant differences were observed. CONCLUSION: Pregnancy-associated hypertension in women who deliver at term was associated with higher systolic BP in the offspring, but not with their measures of diastolic BP, BMI, waist circumference, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, glucose, or lipids. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT00069576. © 2018 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Regulation of basal metabolic rate in uncomplicated pregnancy and in gestational diabetes mellitus; Basal metabolic rate (BMR) is one of the major components of total energy expenditure (TEE). It is affected by various factors, such as body weight, body composition, age, race/ethnicity, gender, biochemical parameters, physical activity, and health status. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disorder during pregnancy and it increases the risk for health complications, such as stillbirth, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease in later life. Both BMR and GDM have been linked with gestational weight gain (GWG), a fact suggesting a possible association between them. However, assessing BMR is a complex procedure, which becomes more complicated when additional parameters, such as pregnancy and GDM, are taken into consideration. The present review summarizes the current knowledge on factors affecting BMR and its regulation in relation to pregnancy and GDM. Future research addressing these associations should thoroughly consider other factors that affect BMI when designing such studies and/or discussing the BMR outcome results. © 2017, Hellenic Endocrine Society. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular risks of impaired fertility and assisted reproductive therapy; Pregnancy history is important in assessing cardiovascular (CV) risk in women. Due to the tremendous changes that occur during pregnancy with regard to hemodynamic and metabolic alterations, pregnancy is often referred to as a stress test, potentially unmasking conditions that can increase CV risk in women, such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and gestational hypertension. Adverse pregnancy outcomes also include neonatal outcomes that increase maternal CV risk, such as intrauterine growth restriction and preterm birth. These associations indicate that the milieu under which children are carried to term influences not only the child but serves as a risk marker for future maternal health. Similarly, emerging evidence suggests that infertility conditions and therapies to improve fertility may increase maternal long-term CV risk. Study and discussion of such topics is important, as CV disease remains the leading cause of death in women. © Springer International Publishing AG 2018.
Original Findings and Updated Meta-Analysis for the Association between Maternal Diabetes and Risk for Congenital Heart Disease Phenotypes; Maternal diabetes is associated with congenital heart defects (CHDs) as a group, but few studies have assessed risk for specific CHD phenotypes. We analyzed these relationships using data from the Texas Birth Defects Registry and statewide vital records for deliveries taking place in 1999-2009 (n = 48,249 cases). We used Poisson regression to calculate prevalence ratios for the associations between maternal diabetes (pregestational or gestational) and each CHD phenotype, adjusting for potential confounders. Analyses were repeated by type of diabetes. To address the potential for misclassification bias, we performed logistic regression, using malformed controls. We also conducted meta-analyses, combining our estimates of the association between pregestational diabetes and each CHD phenotype with previous estimates. The prevalence of every CHD phenotype was greater among women with pregestational diabetes than among nondiabetic women. Most of these differences were statistically significant (adjusted prevalence ratios = 2.47-13.20). Associations were slightly attenuated for many CHD phenotypes among women with gestational diabetes. The observed associations did not appear to be the result of misclassification bias. In our meta-analysis, pregestational diabetes was significantly associated with each CHD phenotype. These findings contribute to a better understanding of the teratogenic effects of maternal diabetes and improved counseling for risk of specific CHD phenotypes. © 2017 The Author.
Is fibroblast growth factor 23 a new cardiovascular risk marker in gestational diabetes?; Objective: This study was designed to compare the serum levels of fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23) among patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and healthy pregnant women, and to evaluate the association between hormonal and metabolic parameters. Subjects and methods: A total of 82 pregnant women were consecutively enrolled in the study. Of these, 46 were diagnosed as having GDM; the remaining 36 healthy pregnant women served as controls in a cross-sectional study design. The womens’ ages ranged from 22 to 38 years and gestational ages, from 24 to 28 weeks. Serum samples were analyzed for FGF23 levels using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Results: Serum FGF23 levels were increased in patients with GDM compared with controls (median, 65.3 for patients with GDM vs. 36.6 ng/mL for healthy controls; p = 0.019). Mean fasting glucose (105.6 ± 7.4 vs. 70.2 ± 7.2 mg/dL, p < 0.001), HbA1c (5.6 ± 0.5 vs. 4.9 ± 0.5%, p < 0.001), insulin (median, 11.1 vs. 8.7 µIU/mL, p = 0.006) and HOMA-IR (3.0 (1.8) vs 1.4 (0.6), p < 0.001) levels were significantly higher in patients with GDM than in controls. Serum FGF23 level was positively correlated with body mass index (r2 = 0.346, p < 0.05), FPG (r2 = 0.264, p < 0.05), insulin (r2 = 0.388, p < 0.05), HOMA-IR (r2 = 0.384, p < 0.05). Conclusion: Serum FGF23 levels were higher in women with GDM compared with controls. The present findings suggest that FGF23 could be a useful marker of cardiovascular disease in GDM. © 2018, Sociedade Brasileira de Endocrinologia e Metabologia. All rights reserved.
Exercise in the therapy of diabetes mellitus; Physical activity has long been recognized as having beneficial effects for patients with diabetes mellitus. It has been shown that regular exercise results in improved glucose levels, lower HgbA1C, lower blood pressure, and beneficial changes in lipid and coagulation profiles. Most of the benefits of exercise appear to be related to improved insulin sensitivity and require activity that occurs on a regular basis and is associated with depletion of glycogen and lipids in key tissues such as muscle and liver. The beneficial effect of exercise on insulin sensitivity may also be useful in the prevention of progression to overt diabetes in individuals at high risk as well as diminishing the risk of premature cardiovascular disease in those with the so-called metabolic syndrome. Regular exercise is generally safe but can be associated with some risk in patients with established vascular and micro-vascular disease. The major risk of exercise is the development of hypoglycemia in patients on insulin or insulin secretagogues. This is particularly true of patients with type 1 diabetes who may require a more formal exercise prescription and a set of recommendations to exercise safely. Recent advances in insulin administration and especially continuous glucose monitoring may make exercise regimens safer and more widely used in patients at higher risk. © Springer International Publishing AG 2017. All rights reserved.
Troponins, heat shock proteins and glycogen phosphorylase BB in umbilical cord blood of complicated pregnancies; Purpose of the study: Heat shock proteins (Hsp) are evolutionary conserved molecules with a chaperone role in cell survival. We hypothesized that cord blood concentrations of molecules reflecting fetal cardiac muscle insult, including Hsp, troponins cTnI and cTnT, and glycol-phosphorylase BB (GP-BB) would be elevated in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) or preeclampsia (PIH) compared to healthy controls. Materials and methods: Pregnant women admitted for delivery at >28 weeks were divided into four groups: healthy patients delivered vaginally (VAG), healthy patients delivered by c-section (CS), patients with PIH, and patients with GDM. Demographics, clinical characteristics, and cord blood concentrations of Hsp, troponins cTnI and cTnT, and GP-BB were compared between groups. Statistical analyses included t-test, Chi square, and Wilcoxon rank sum as appropriate. Results: cTnI concentrations were significantly higher in the PIH group compared to the GDM and VAG groups and they were higher in the CS group compared to the VAG group. Concentrations of Hsp70 were higher in the GDM group compared to the VAG and CS groups. Concentration of GP-BB was higher in the PIH group compared to the VAG group. Conclusions: GP-BB and cTNI are the most sensitive markers for PIH-related fetal myocyte injury as is Hsp70 in pregnancies complicated by GDM. © 2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Long-term effects of pregnancy complications on maternal health: A review; Background: Most pregnancy-related medical complications appear to resolve at delivery or shortly thereafter. Common examples are preterm labor, placental abruption, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes. Women who developed such complications are known to be at increased risk of developing similar complications in future pregnancies. It has recently become evident that these women are at an increased risk of long term medical complications. Methods: A search through scientific publications in English regarding the association of obstetric complications and long-term maternal illness. Results: There is a clear association between various obstetric complications and long-term effects on maternal health. Conclusions: Women with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes are at increased risk of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases later in life. Data increasingly links maternal vascular, metabolic, and inflammatory complications of pregnancy with an increased risk of vascular disease in later life. © 2017 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
effect of fetal sex on maternal and obstetric outcomes; Fetal sex plays an important role in modifying the course and complications related to pregnancy and may also have an impact on maternal health and well-being both during and after pregnancy. The goal of this article is to review and summarize the findings from published research on physiologic and pathologic changes that may be affected by fetal sex and the effect of these changes on the maternal and obstetrical outcomes. This will help create awareness that fetal sex is not just a random chance event but an interactive process between the mother, the placenta, and the fetus. The reported effects of male sex on the course of pregnancy and delivery include higher incidence of preterm labor in singletons and twins, failure of progression in labor, true umbilical cord knots, cord prolapse, nuchal cord, higher cesarean section rate, higher heart rate variability with increased frequency, and duration of decelerations without acidemia and increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus through the poor beta cells function. Similarly, female fetal sex has been reported to modify pregnancy and delivery outcomes including altered fetal cardiac hemodynamics, increased hypertensive diseases of pregnancy, higher vulnerability of developing type 2 DM after pregnancy possibly because of influences on increased maternal insulin resistance. Placental function is also influenced by fetal sex. Vitamin D metabolism in the placenta varies by fetal sex; and the placenta of a female fetus is more responsive to the relaxing action of magnesium sulfate. Male and female feto-placental units also vary in their responses to environmental toxin exposure. The association of fetal sex with stillbirths is controversial with many studies reporting higher risk of stillbirth in male fetuses; although some smaller and limited studies have reported more stillbirths with female fetus pregnancies. Maternal status such as BMI may in turn also affect the fetus and the placenta in a sex-specific manner. There is probably a sex-specific maternal-placental-fetal interaction that has significant biological implications of which the mechanisms may be genetic, epigenetic, or hormonal. Determination of fetal sex may therefore be an important consideration in management of pregnancy and childbirth. © 2017 Al-Qaraghouli and Fang.
Classical cardiovascular risk markers in pregnancy and associations to uteroplacental acute atherosis; Uteroplacental acute atherosis (AA) is a pregnancy-specific arterial lesion resembling early stages of atherosclerosis. AA is frequent in preeclamptic pregnancies, which associate with increased long-term maternal risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. We hypothesized that AA in pregnant women associates with classical risk factors for cardiovascular disease, including hypertension, hyperlipidemia, glucose intolerance, elevated C-reactive protein, age, and body mass index. We included 237 women delivered by cesarean section (healthy pregnancies, n=94; preeclampsia, n=87; pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus, n=39; diabetes mellitus with preeclampsia, n=17). They provided blood before delivery for biomarker analyses. AA was diagnosed by immunohistochemistry in uteroplacental (decidual) tissue collected after placental removal. Statistical analyses were performed with Mann-Whitney test. Levels of traditional cardiovascular markers were not associated with decidual AA within the groups of women with normotensive pregnancies, preeclampsia, diabetes mellitus, or diabetes mellitus superimposed with preeclampsia. However, the oldest patient age quartile (36-43 years old) with AA had significantly higher levels of LDL (low-density lipoprotein) and apolipoprotein B (both P<0.01) than women of the same age without AA. AA was associated with elevated median prepregnancy/early pregnancy systolic blood pressure (P=0.01) in the total cohort, but as preeclampsia was strongly associated with this finding (P<0.01), this was likely caused by a large proportion of preeclamptic pregnancies in the AA group (62.7%). Our findings demonstrate that dyslipidemia associated with cardiovascular risk is a feature of uteroplacental AA in older women, not of AA in pregnancy in general. © 2018 American Heart Association, Inc.
Can thrombophilia worsen maternal and perinatal outcomes in cases of severe preeclampsia?; Objective: To evaluate whether thrombophilia worsens maternal and foetal outcomes among patients with severe preeclampsia (PE). Method: From October 2009 to October 2014, an observational retrospective cohort study was performed on pregnant women with severe PE diagnosed before 34 weeks of gestation and their newborns hospitalized at the Clinics Hospital, FMUSP. Patients who had no heart disease, nephropathies, pre-gestational diabetes, gestational trophoblastic disease, foetal malformation, or twin pregnancy and who underwent thrombophilia screening during the postnatal period were included. New pregnancies of the same patient; cases of foetal morphological, genetic, or chromosomal abnormalities after birth; and women who used heparin or acetylsalicylic acid during pregnancy were excluded. Factor V Leiden, G20210A prothrombin mutation, antithrombin, protein C, protein S, homocysteine, lupus anticoagulant, and anticardiolipin IgG and IgM antibodies were analysed. The groups with and without thrombophilia were compared regarding their maternal clinical and laboratory parameters and perinatal outcomes. Results: Of the 127 patients selected, 30 (23.6%) had thrombophilia (hereditary or acquired). We found more white patients in thrombophilia group (p =.036). Analysis of maternal parameters showed a tendency of thrombophilic women to have more thrombocytopenia (p =.056) and showed worsening of composite laboratory abnormalities (aspartate aminotransferase ≥ 70 mg/dL, alanine aminotransferase ≥ 70 mg/dL, platelets < 100,000/mm3, serum creatinine ≥ 1.1 mg/dL; p =.017). There were no differences in foetal perinatal outcomes. Conclusion: The presence of thrombophilia leads to worsening of maternal laboratory parameters among patients with severe forms of PE but without worsening perinatal outcomes. © 2018 International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy
The effect of maternal gestational diabetes and hba1c on hypertrophic cardiomyopathy of infants; Background: The prevalence of gestational diabetes is increasing among pregnant women. It is associated with an increased risk of congenital heart disease, including hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of maternal diabetes control (based on HbA1c) on their hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in newborns. Methods: This case-control study was performed on 60 neonates born in Afzalipour Hospital (Kerman University of Medical Sciences) from May to November 2014 in two groups of eligible infants using the convenience sampling method. Information about the age, sex, weight, gestational age, maternal age, obstetric history, gestational diabetes through the checklist were collected. Then Doppler echocardiography, MMode, Doppler tissue was conducted on two groups. Echocardiographic criteria including ventricular septal thickness and blood HbA1c mothers in both groups were compared. To compare quantitative and qualitative variables between the two groups' Independent samples t-test and Chi-square test was used. A significant level of 0.05 was considered in all of the statistical samples and SPSS software, ver. 20 (IBM, Armonk, NY, USA) was used to analyze the data. Results: In this study, the birth weight of infants and the age of mothers did not differ between two groups (Respectively P=0.56, P=0.08) However, HbA1c was significantly higher in the infants of mothers with impaired glucose tolerance test (GTT) (P<0.001). In infants of mothers with impaired GTT, ventricular septal thickness was significantly higher than the healthy controls (P=0.03), Also there was a significant difference between two groups in tissue Doppler criteria (Ea) (P=0.04), In other echocardiographic criteria, no significant differences were reported (The LA/AO, LVPWT, LVEF, LVEF, LVFS, LVFS, LVEDd, LVESd, Sa and Aa, All P-values were ≥ 0.05). Conclusion: Diabetes mellitus of mothers causes several complications in their infants. The prevalence of cardiomyopathy hypertrophy is higher in babies whose mothers have higher levels of HbA1c and a sign of poor control of blodd glucose level during pregnancy. © 2017, Tehran University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Inflammatory Markers in Older Women with a History of Gestational Diabetes and the Effects of Weight Loss; The purpose of this study was to compare systemic inflammation in older women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) who developed impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or type 2 diabetes (T2DM) to that in those with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) and to determine, in these women, the effect of weight loss (WL) induced by diet and exercise training on systemic inflammation and adipokine levels. This was a longitudinal clinical investigation of overweight/obese (BMI: 32 ± 1 kg/m2) women (59 ± 1 years) with a GDM history (n=19) who had normal glucose tolerance (NGT, n=7) or IGT/T2DM (n=12). Women completed 6 months of weight loss induced by diet and exercise and underwent VO2max, body composition, blood draw, glucose tolerance testing, and 2-hour hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps (40 mU·m-2·min-1). Glucose utilization (M) was 42% higher in the NGT group (P<0.05). CRP was two-fold higher in the IGT/T2DM group than that in the NGT group (P<0.01). Adiponectin levels were 59% higher in the NGT group than those in the IGT/T2DM group (P<0.01). IL-6sR was higher in the NGT group (P<0.01). The women lost body weight, body fat, visceral fat, and subcutaneous abdominal fat (P<0.001). Fasting glucose (P<0.05), fasting insulin, glucose, and insulin AUC decreased (all P<0.005) after the intervention. M increased by 21% (P<0.05). CRP (-16%) and TNFR1 (-6%) tended to decrease, whereas TNFα, IL-6, SAA, and adiponectin did not change in the group. In conclusion, older women with a history of GDM who have developed IGT or T2DM have higher CRP and reduced adiponectin levels despite similar BMI and total and abdominal obesity to those with NGT. Six months WL induced by diet and exercise improves body composition and increases insulin sensitivity without a significant modification of inflammatory markers and adiponectin levels.  © 2018 Alice S. Ryan.
Association Between Diabetes During Pregnancy and Peripartum Cardiomyopathy: A Population-Level Analysis of 309,825 Women; Background Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a form of heart failure associated with pregnancy. The objectives of our study were to determine the incidence and outcomes (maternal and neonatal) of PPCM and its association with diabetes mellitus (DM) in a contemporary population-based cohort. Methods The cohort consisted of 309,825 women with a birth of at least 1 live newborn between January 01, 2005 and September 30, 2014, resulting in 469,150 birth events and 477,089 live newborns. A modified PPCM definition was used, allowing from 32 weeks' gestation and up to 6 months postpartum. Women were categorized according to DM status. Results A total of 194 PPCM birth events were identified, for an incidence rate of 1/2418 births. Women with PPCM were older, often primiparous, and more likely to have multiple gestations, pre-existing DM, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Although the overall numbers were low, the incidence of PPCM was higher in pregnancies in women with pre-existing DM (1/613 birth events) and gestational DM (1/1751 birth events) vs those with neither (1/2550 birth events). Over a mean follow-up of 3.9 years, the mortality rate was higher in women affected by PPCM than in those who were not, with few deaths overall. Neonatal death was uncommon in the entire cohort but was numerically greater in the PPCM group. Conclusions The incidence of PPCM in Alberta, Canada was approximately 1/2400 births and was modulated by the presence of DM in pregnancy. The relationship between DM status and PPCM may be confounded by other vascular risk factors, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. There were few maternal or neonatal deaths in the overall cohort, but they were numerically higher in the PPCM group. © 2017 Canadian Cardiovascular Society
Stable ischemic heart disease in women: Current perspectives; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women accounting for 1 in every 4 female deaths. Pathophysiology of ischemic heart disease in women includes epicardial coronary artery, endothelial dysfunction, coronary vasospasm, plaque erosion and spontaneous coronary artery dissection. Angina is the most common presentation of stable ischemic heart disease (SIHD) in women. Risk factors for SIHD include traditional risks such as older age, obesity (body mass index [BMI].25<kg/m2), smoking, hypertension, dyslipidemia, cerebrovascular and peripheral vascular disease, sedentary lifestyle, family history of premature coronary artery disease, metabolic syndrome and diabetes mellitus, and nontraditional risk factors, such as gestational diabetes, insulin resistance/polycystic ovarian disease, pregnancy-induced hypertension, pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, menopause, mental stress and autoimmune diseases. Diagnostic testing can be used effectively to risk stratify women. Guidelines-directed medical therapy including aspirin, statins, beta-blocker therapy, calcium channel blockers and ranolazine should be instituted for symptom and ischemia management. Despite robust evidence regarding the adverse outcomes seen in women with ischemic heart disease, knowledge gaps exist in several areas. Future research needs to be directed toward a greater understanding of the role of nontraditional risk factors for SIHD in women, gaining deeper insights into the sex differences in therapeutic effects and formulating a sex-specific algorithm for the management of SIHD in women. © 2017 Samad et al.
Role of GAB1/PI3K/AKT signaling high glucose-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for abnormal heart development. Previous work showed that a decrease of myocardial cells and an increase of apoptotic cells leading to heart defects under hyperglycemia, and many genes and protein have been found to play important roles in cardiomyocyte apoptosis. However, there are still many blind nodes in HG-induced cardiac apoptosis. Our study showed that down-regulation of GAB1 occurred concurrently with HG-induced cardiomyocytes apoptosis and in the heart tissues of offspring of diabetic rats in vitro and in vivo. MTT and apoptosis assay showed GAB1 played a key role in mediating HG-induced apoptosis of cardiomyocytes. Down-regulation of XIAP and increased activities of Caspase3/7 was associated with GAB1-mediated cardiomyocyte apoptosis in response to HG treatment. Further study showed that the phosphorylation levels of AKT (Ser473) decreased after HG treatment. Over-expression of GAB1 resisted the reduction in AKT phosphorylation in response to HG. LY294002, which is an effective inhibitor of the PI3 K/AKT signaling pathway, partly inhibited GAB1 to suppress apoptosis induced by HG in cardiomyocytes, and partly suppressed GAB1 to resist the decrease of XIAP in response to HG, indicating AKT signaling, XIAP, and Caspase3/7 participated in GAB1-mediated cardiomyocyte apoptosis in response to HG. Generally, we demonstrate a novel role of GAB1 and its down-stream signaling PI3 K/AKT for modulating cardiomyocyte apoptosis in response to high glucose in vitro and vivo. © 2017 Elsevier Masson SAS
Association of tribbles homologue 1 gene expression in human umbilical vein endothelial cells with duration of intrauterine exposure to hyperglycaemia; Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is considered to be an important factor that epigenetically predisposes offspring to metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. However, the mechanisms of how intrauterine hyperglycaemia affects offspring have not been thoroughly studied. The mammalian tribbles homologue 1 (TRIB1) gene is associated with plasma lipid concentrations and coronary artery disease (CAD). Our aim was to study the effect of GDM and its treatment terms on the level of TRIB1 gene expression in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) of newborns from women with and without GDM. The study included 50 women with GDM and 25 women without GDM (control group). Women with GDM were divided into three groups according to their gestational age when the treatment of GDM started: 24–28 weeks (GDM1, N = 16), 29–32 weeks (GDM2, N = 25) and >34 weeks (GDM3, N = 9). The levels of TRIB1 gene expression in GDM3, GDM2, GDM1 and control groups were 2.8 ± 1.1, 4.2 ± 2.4, 6.0 ± 3.4 and 8.1 ± 6.1, respectively (p = 0.001). After comparison in pairs the difference was significant for the following pairs: GDM2–control (p = 0.004), GDM3–control (p = 0.002), GDM1–GDM3 (p = 0.012). Notably, if treatment had been started before the 28th week of gestation, the difference in TRIB1 gene expression in HUVECs was not significant (p = 0.320 for comparison between GDM1 and control groups). Our findings support the hypothesis that TRIB1 gene expression in HUVECs depends on the duration of intrauterine exposure to hyperglycaemia. © Cambridge University Press 2018.
Therapeutic effect of one-day outpatient on gestational diabetes mellitus patients; Objective: To study the effect of one-day outpatient intervention on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients, and to explore the pregnancy outcome relevant to GDM patients and their fetus. Methods: The GDM patients were divided into two groups according to their own intention to the one-day outpatient. According to systematic sampling method, we chose 200 GDM patients from the above 2 groups, respectively. The 200 GDM patients in the control group were matched the observation group with the age and gestational age, then the pregnancy outcome was tracked. Results: The control level and success rate for the two hours blood sugar after breakfast and hemoglobin Alc (HbAlc) in the observation group were better than those in the control group (P<0.001). The maternal complication rate (46.50%) and neonatal complication rate (21.50%) in the observation group were lower than those in the control group (71.50%, 41.50%; P<0.00l). The maternal complications rate of fetal distress, premature and the neonatal complications rate of fetal macrosomia, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (NRDS), low weight, congenital heart disease, neonatal pneumonia, and rate in neonatal NICU were significantly lower than those in the control group (P<0.05). Conclusion: One-day outpatient intervention could control blood sugar effectively, reduce the maternal and neonatal complications. It is worth promoting.
Guideline for diagnosis and treatment of infertility in advanced age women (revised edition); As more and more couples postpone their childbearing plan, and Chinese two-child policy is fully liberalized, the proportion of advanced-age parents gradually increases. However, ovarian function gradually descends with age, and the incidences of uterine fibroids, scarred uterus, and pelvic inflammation disease significantly increase, which increases the risk of infertility. Even though the advanced-age women successfully get pregnant through assisted reproductive technology (ART), the risks of pregnancy complications and medical and surgical complications (such as miscarriage, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, intrauterine fetal death, low birth weight of newborn, or premature birth) will increase with age. Currently, the consistency of diagnosis and treatment strategies on elderly patients with infertility is still lacking, and the efficacy of the diagnosis and treatment is even worse. In light of the above situations, the specialized committee organized experts of reproductive endocrinology and ART to compose this guideline, aiming for standardizing the process of diagnosis and treatment on advanced-age infertile women. This guideline interprets reproductive status and related fertility evaluation on advanced-age infertile women, and discusses prepregnancy preparation of body and nutrition and consultation, as well as related risk assessment of pregnancy. It also analyzes the current clinical and laboratory hot issues: the genetic characteristics of advanced-age women, evaluation, counseling, and corresponding laboratory screening, diagnostic methods, and operational norms. In addition, for the advanced-age women with high incidence of medical and surgical complications, this guideline gives us norms of diagnosis and treatment on different complications. Finally, strategies of ART are made for the advanced-age infertile women, which can provide basis and guidance for their diagnosis and treatment. © 2018 Reproductive and Developmental Medicine | Published by Wolters Kluwer - Medknow.
Association Between Gestational Diabetes and Incident Maternal CKD: The Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk for diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. We evaluated whether GDM is associated with incident chronic kidney disease (CKD), controlling for prepregnancy risk factors for both conditions. Study Design Prospective cohort. Setting & Participants Of 2,747 women (aged 18-30 years) enrolled in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study in 1985 to 86, we studied 820 who were nulliparous at enrollment, delivered at least 1 pregnancy longer than 20 weeks’ gestation, and had kidney function measurements during 25 years of follow-up. Predictor GDM was self-reported by women for each pregnancy. Outcomes CKD was defined as the development of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) < 60 mL/min/1.73 m2 or urine albumin-creatinine ratio ≥ 25 mg/g at any one CARDIA examination in years 10, 15, 20, or 25. Measurements HRs for developing CKD were estimated for women who developed GDM versus women without GDM using complementary log-log models, adjusting for prepregnancy age, systolic blood pressure, dyslipidemia, body mass index, smoking, education, eGFR, fasting glucose concentration, physical activity level (all measured at the CARDIA examination before the first pregnancy), race, and family history of diabetes. We explored for an interaction between race and GDM. Results During a mean follow-up of 20.8 years, 105 of 820 (12.8%) women developed CKD, predominantly increased urine albumin excretion (98 albuminuria only, 4 decreased eGFR only, and 3 both). There was evidence of a GDM-race interaction on CKD risk (P = 0.06). Among black women, the adjusted HR for CKD was 1.96 (95% CI, 1.04-3.67) in GDM compared with those without GDM. Among white women, the HR was 0.65 (95% CI, 0.23-1.83). Limitations Albuminuria was assessed by single untimed measurements of urine albumin and creatinine. Conclusions GDM is associated with the subsequent development of albuminuria among black women in CARDIA. © 2017 National Kidney Foundation, Inc.
Association of history of gestational diabetes with long-term cardiovascular disease risk in a large prospective cohort of US women; IMPORTANCE Previous studies identify gestational diabetes (GD) as a risk factor for intermediate markers of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk; however, few are prospective, evaluate hard CVD end points, or account for shared risk factors including body weight and lifestyle. OBJECTIVE To prospectively evaluate history of GD in relation to incident CVD risk. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS The Nurses' Health Study II (NHS II) is an observational cohort study of US female nurses established in 1989, with ongoing follow-up. Biennial questionnaires updated behavioral characteristics, health outcomes, and lifestyle factors. Multivariable Cox models estimated the hazard ratio (HR) and 95% CI for CVD risk.We included 89 479 women who reported at least 1 pregnancy and were free of CVD and cancer at baseline. Follow-up through May 31, 2015, was complete for more than 90% of eligible participants. EXPOSURES History of GD was self-reported at baseline (1989) via questionnaire and updated every 2 years. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES We observed 1161 incident self-reported nonfatal or fatal myocardial infarction or stroke, confirmed via medical records. RESULTS Participants had a mean (SD) age of 34.9 (4.7) years. Adjusting for age, prepregnancy body mass index, and other covariates, GD vs no GD was associated with subsequent CVD (HR, 1.43; 95% CI, 1.12-1.81). Additional adjustment for weight gain since pregnancy and updated lifestyle factors attenuated the association (HR, 1.29; 95% CI, 1.01-1.65). Classifying GD by progression to T2D in relation to CVD risk indicated a positive association for GD with progression to T2D vs no GD or T2D (HR, 4.02; 95% CI, 1.94-8.31), and an attenuated relationship for GD only (HR, 1.30; 95% CI, 0.99-1.71). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Gestational diabetes was positively associated with CVD later in life, although the absolute rate of CVD in this younger cohort of predominantly white women was low. This relationship is possibly mediated in part by subsequent weight gain and lack of healthy lifestyle. © 2017 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Anti-inflammatory activity of marine ovothiol a in an in vitro model of endothelial dysfunction induced by hyperglycemia; Chronic hyperglycemia is associated with oxidative stress and vascular inflammation, both leading to endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease that can be weakened by antioxidant/anti-inflammatory molecules in both healthy and diabetic subjects. Among natural molecules, ovothiol A, produced in sea urchin eggs to protect eggs/embryos from the oxidative burst at fertilization and during development, has been receiving increasing interest for its use as an antioxidant. Here, we evaluated the potential antioxidative/anti-inflammatory effect of purified ovothiol A in an in vitro cellular model of hyperglycemiainduced endothelial dysfunction employing human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) from women affected by gestational diabetes (GD) and from healthy mothers. Ovothiol A was rapidly taken up by both cellular systems, resulting in increased glutathione values in GD-HUVECs, likely due to the formation of reduced ovothiol A. In tumor necrosis factor-a-stimulated cells, ovothiol A induced a downregulation of adhesion molecule expression and decrease in monocyte-HUVEC interaction. This was associated with a reduction in reactive oxygen and nitrogen species and an increase in nitric oxide bioavailability. These results point to the potential antiatherogenic properties of the natural antioxidant ovothiol A and support its therapeutic potential in pathologies related to cardiovascular diseases associated with oxidative/inflammatory stress and endothelial dysfunction. © 2018 Immacolata Castellano et al.
Study on serum lipoprotein profile of exclusive breast fed, mixed fed and formula fed preterm infants; Introduction: Breast feeding is protective for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, obesity, Diabetes Mellitus (DM) and hypertension. Serum lipoprotein is principal risk factor for atherosclerosis. There is growing evidence that risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) begins to emerge from infancy. Lipoprotein level is affected by different feeding pattern during infancy. Aim: To compare serum lipoprotein profile of exclusively breast fed, mixed fed and formula fed preterm infant. Materials and Methods: A total of two fifty preterm newborn were recruited at birth and divided into three groups. Group A were Exclusively Breast Fed (EBF), Group B were Mixed Fed (MF) and Group C were Formula/bovine milk Fed (FF) infants. Preterm newborns with severe sepsis, hypoglycemia, Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy (HIE) stage II and III, meconium stained amniotic fluid, pathological jaundice, Hyaline Membrane Disease (HMD), less than 28 weeks gestation, with major congenital anomaly and infants born to mothers with DM, gestational diabetes, hypertension, pre-eclampsia, eclampsia or on long term medications were excluded from the study. Lipoprotein profile estimation was done at four weeks and again at 16 weeks of age. Results: At four weeks of age, Total Cholesterol (TC), Triglyceride (TG), Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL) and Very Low Density Lipoprotein (VLDL) were higher in EBF infants as compared to MF and FF infants. For TC, difference was significant between EBF vs. MF (p<0.001), EBF vs. FF (p<0.001) and MF vs. FF (p=0.005) infants. At 16 weeks also, TC and HDL were higher in EBF infants as compared to MF and FF infants. For TC, this difference was significant between EBF vs. MF (p<0.001) and EBF vs. FF (p<0.001) infants. When infants were followed up to 16 weeks of age, TC and LDL level fell significantly (p<0.001) in EBF and MF group, a significant (P<0.05) rise for TC was seen in FF group. At 16 weeks of age, there was no significant rise in HDL in EBF infants, but significant fall was seen in MF (p=0.0001) and in FF (p=0.001) infants. Conclusion: Breastfeeding, even MF is beneficial in preterm infants as compared to FF in terms of lipoprotein profile which is protective for atherosclerosis. © 2017, Journal of Clinical and Diagnostic Research. All rights reserved.
Risk factors for congenital heart disease in Chinese neonates: A Meta analysis; To investigate the major risk factors for congenital heart disease (CHD) in Chinese neonates and to provide a reference for the prevention of CHD. Methods A literature search was performed to collect the case-control studies on the risk factors for CHD in Chinese neonates published in 2001-2016. The relevant data were extracted accordingly. The quality of included studies was assessed by Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Sensitivity analysis was conducted using different models to analyze the same data. The publication bias was assessed by Egger's test. Results A total of 17 case-control studies involving 2 930 cases and 4 952 controls were included. The Meta analysis showed that the major risk factors for CHD in Chinese neonates were as follows: Mother with advanced age (OR=2.649, 95%CI: 1.675-4.189), cold or fever (OR=4.558, 95%CI: 2.901-7.162), medication use in early pregnancy (OR=3.961, 95%CI: 2.816-5.573), passive smoking (OR=2.766, 95%CI: 1.982-3.859), abnormal childbearing history (OR=2.992, 95%CI: 1.529-5.856), noise exposure (OR=3.030, 95%CI: 1.476-6.217), radiation exposure (OR=2.363, 95%CI: 1.212-4.607), decoration (OR=4.979, 95%CI: 3.240-7.653), gestational diabetes (OR=5.090, 95%CI: 3.132-8.274), and pet raising (OR=2.048, 95%CI: 1.385-3.029). Conclusions Mothers with advanced age, cold or fever, medication use in early pregnancy, passive smoking, abnormal childbearing history, noise exposure, radiation exposure, decoration, gestational diabetes, and pet raising may increase the risk of CHD in Chinese neonates.
Liraglutide mitigates TNF-α induced pro-atherogenic changes and microvesicle release in HUVEC from diabetic women; Background: To evaluate whether exposure to GLP-1 receptor agonist Liraglutide could modulate pro-atherogenic alterations previously observed in endothelial cells obtained by women affected by gestational diabetes (GD), thus exposed in vivo to hyperglycemia, oxidative stress, and inflammation and to evaluate endothelial microvesicle (EMV) release, a new reliable biomarker of vascular stress/damage. Methods: We studied Liraglutide effects and its plausible molecular mechanisms on monocyte cell adhesion and adhesion molecule expression and membrane exposure in control (C-) human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) as well as in HUVEC of women affected by GD exposed in vitro to TNF-α. In the same model, we also investigated Liraglutide effects on EMV release. Results: In response to TNF-α, endothelial monocyte adhesion and VCAM-1 and ICAM-1 expression and exposure on plasma membrane was greater in GD-HUVEC than C-HUVEC. This was the case also for EMV release. In GD-HUVEC, Liraglutide exposure significantly reduced TNF-α induced endothelial monocyte adhesion as well as VCAM-1 and ICAM-1 expression and exposure on plasma membrane. In the same cells, Liraglutide exposure also reduced MAPK/NF-kB activation, peroxynitrite levels, and EMV release. Conclusions: TNF-α induced pro-atherogenic alterations are amplified in endothelial cells chronically exposed to hyperglycemia in vivo. Liraglutide mitigates TNF-α effects and reduces cell stress/damage indicators, such as endothelial microvesicle (EMV) release. These results foster the notion that Liraglutide could exert a protective effect against hyperglycemia and inflammation triggered endothelial dysfunction. Copyright © 2017 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Reproductive assessment: Findings from 20 years of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study; Context: Reproductive domains of the Tehran lipid and glucose study (TLGS) are unique in that they provide reliable information on reproduction of an urban population of West Asia. The aim of this review is to present the most important reproductive findings of TLGS. Evidence Acquisition: This review is summarizing all articles published in the context of reproductive aspects of TLGS results over the 20-year follow-up. A comprehensive databases search was conducted in PubMed (including Medline), Web of Science and Scopus for retrieving articles on the reproductive histories in context of the TLGS. Results: The mean (SD) age at menarche and menopause was 13 (1.2) and 49.6 (4.5) years respectively. While pills were the most commonly used modern methods at the initiation of TLGS, the prevalence of condoms rose sharply and significantly over the follow up duration. Among women with history of gestational diabetes, the risk of diabetes and dyslipidemia progression were 2.44 and 1.2 fold higher than others. Prevalences of PCOS and idiopathic hirsutism among reproductive age participants of TLGS were 8.5% (95% CI: 6.8% - 10.2%) and 13.0% (95% CI: 10.9% - 15.1%), respectively. Trend of cardio-metabolic risk factors among women with PCOS showed that there were no statistically significant differences between mean changes of each cardio metabolic variables between PCOS and healthy women; PCOS status also significantly associated with increased hazard of diabetes and prediabetes among women aged younger than 40 years (HR: 4.9; 95% CI: 2.5 - 9.3, P value < 0.001)) and (HR: 1.7; 95% CI: 1.1 - 2.6), P value < 0.005), respectively. Conclusions: The population based nature of TLGS provides a unique opportunity for valid assessment of reproductive issues, the results of which could provide new information for modification of existing guidelines. Copyright © 2018, International Journal of Endocrinology and Metabolism.
Clinical Features and Outcomes of Acute Coronary Syndrome in Women With Previous Pregnancy Complications; Background Women with previous cardiometabolic complications of pregnancy experience double the risk of cardiovascular disease. However, few data exist on the clinical effect of these complications at the time of an acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The objective of this work was to compare risk factors, clinical features, and outcomes among women with premature ACS with or without previous pregnancy complications (gestational diabetes and/or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy). Methods Data were obtained from a multicentre cohort of individuals hospitalized with premature ACS. A total of 251 parous women were included and provided obstetric history and blood samples. They were followed for the development of major adverse cardiac events at 12 months. Results At presentation with ACS, women with a previous pregnancy complication (38%) were slightly younger than were women without such complications (47.4 ± 6.2 vs 49.1 ± 5.6 years; P = 0.002). They also had more traditional atherosclerotic risk factors. Specifically, women with previous preeclampsia were more likely to have chronic hypertension and an elevated ratio of soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase:placental growth factor. There was no between-group difference in Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events (GRACE) score or troponin tertile but there was a trend toward higher risk of ST-elevation myocardial infarction in women who had a previous pregnancy complication (odds ratio, 1.80; 95% confidence interval, 1.00-3.23; P = 0.05). There was also an increased risk of recurrent ACS at 12 months in women with previous preeclampsia (hazard ratio, 6.79; 95% confidence interval, 1.37-33.63; P = 0.02). Conclusions Among a cohort of women with ACS, previous pregnancy complications were associated with more severe disease and poorer outcome. © 2017 Canadian Cardiovascular Society
Invited Commentary: Gestational Hypertension and Diabetes-A Major Public Health Concern; The obesity epidemic in the United States and other countries has contributed to an increase in the rates of gestational diabetes and hypertension. In the past, it was thought that most cases of gestational diabetes and hypertension would resolve after completion of pregnancy. In this issue of the Journal, Pace et al. (Am J Epidemiol. 2017;186(10):1115-1124) clearly documented that both gestational diabetes and hypertension lead to diabetes and hypertension and that the combination of both during pregnancy leads to very high rates of subsequent diabetes and hypertension. A new generation of epidemiology studies using the evolving new technologies and genetics (host susceptibility studies) are needed to improve our understanding of the etiology of gestational diabetes and hypertension. Early identification of women at risk of gestational diabetes and hypertension, better treatment during pregnancy, and preventive and clinical therapies for treatment of diabetes and hypertension after pregnancy are very important for improving women's health and reducing risk of cardiovascular disease later in life. © 2017 The Author(s).
History of gestational diabetes mellitus in relation to cardiovascular disease and cardiovascular risk factors in US women; Background: Findings from previous studies examining the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) have been inconsistent and inconclusive. We aimed to examine the associations of a previous history of GDM with risk of CVD and status of cardiovascular risk factors in a nationwide population-based study in the United States. Methods: This study included 8,127 parous women aged 20 years or older in the 2007-2014 cycles of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey in the United States. The exposure was self-reported diagnostic history of GDM and the outcomes were self-reported diagnostic history of CVD and measurements of cardiovascular risk factors, including blood pressure and blood lipids. Regression models with sample weights were used to examine the associations of GDM with CVD and cardiovascular risk factors. Results: Among women with a history of both GDM and CVD, CVD was diagnosed on average 22.9 years after the diagnosis of GDM. After adjustment for demographic, socioeconomic, and lifestyle factors, a history of GDM was associated with 63% higher odds of CVD [odds ratio (OR) 1.63, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.02, 2.62, p-value = 0.04]. Further adjustment for body mass index (BMI) modestly attenuated the association (OR 1.52, 95% CI 0.95, 2.44, p-value = 0.08). A history of GDM was significantly associated with lower serum level of HDL-cholesterol (adjusted β-coefficient -3.33, 95% CI -5.17, -1.50, p-value = 0.001), but not associated with total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, or systolic or diastolic blood pressure. Similarly, the association between a history of GDM and HDL cholesterol was attenuated after additional adjustment for BMI (adjusted β-coefficient -1.68, 95% CI -3.38, 0.03, p-value = 0.54). Conclusion: Women with a previous history of GDM have significantly higher risk for developing CVD and lower serum level of HDL cholesterol, compared to women without a history of GDM. The associations may be explained, at least partly, by BMI. © 2017 Shostrom, Sun, Oleson, Snetselaar and Bao.
The rs1625579 T>G polymorphism in the miRNA-137 gene confers a risk of early-onset Kawasaki disease in a Southern Chinese population; Background: Kawasaki disease (KD) mainly manifests as excessive inflammation and vascular endothelial cell injury. This disease generally occurs in children younger than 5 years of age and is more severe in children younger than 12 months. KD affects males and females at a ratio of 1.5:1. Polymorphisms of the rs1625579 locus in the miR-137 gene are associated with schizophrenia susceptibility, and high glucose-induced upregulation of miR-137 in vascular endothelial cells promotes monocyte chemotaxis and inflammatory cytokine secretion in gestational diabetes mellitus. However, researchers have not reported whether rs1625579 is associated with KD susceptibility or onset. Therefore, we investigated the relationship between the miRNA-137 rs1625579 T>G polymorphism and KD susceptibility. Methods: TaqMan real-time polymerase chain reaction was applied to determine the genotypes of 532 patients with KD (365 males and 167 females) and 623 control subjects (402 males and 221 females). Results: Comparison of all cases with all controls revealed that the rs1625579 T>G polymorphism was not associated with KD susceptibility. However, a subgroup analysis revealed that subjects with the rs1625579 TG/GG genotypes exhibited a significantly higher onset risk for KD before 12 months of age than carriers of the TT genotype (adjusted age and gender odds ratio=1.99, 95% CI=1.04–3.83; P=0.039). Conclusion: Our results indicate that the rs1625579 T>G polymorphism confers a risk of early-onset KD in southern Chinese children. © 2018 Che et al.
Coronary microvascular dysfunction is not associated with a history of reproductive risk factors in women with angina pectoris—An iPOWER substudy; Background Reproductive risk factors such as preeclampsia and recurrent miscarriages have been associated with adverse cardiovascular (CV) events. Underlying coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) may be a common denominator. Purpose We investigated whether a history of reproductive risk factors was associated with CMD in women with angina pectoris and no obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods Participants from the iPOWER study, including women with angina pectoris and no obstructive CAD (<50% stenosis), were invited to complete an electronic survey regarding reproductive risk factors: recurrent miscarriages, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, rhesus immunity, polycystic ovary syndrome and menopausal status as well as migraine and Raynaud phenomenon. CMD was assessed by transthoracic Doppler echocardiography with measurement of coronary flow velocity reserve (CFVR) during high-dose dipyridamole infusion, and analyzed in three categories with cut-off points at 2.0 and 2.5. Associations between CFVR and a history of reproductive risk factors were examined by age-adjusted trend test. Results The questionnaire was completed by 613 women (73% of those invited), of whom 550 had a successful CFVR measurement. There was no significant difference in baseline characteristics between participants and non-participants. Median (interquartile range (IQR)) age was 62.8 (54.8; 68.7) years, median (IQR) BMI 26.2 (23.2; 29.8) kg/m2, and 81.5% were postmenopausal. We did not find any significant associations between any of the reproductive risk factors, Raynaud's phenomenon or migraine and CFVR. Conclusion The lack of association between coronary microvascular function and a history of reproductive risk factors, migraine and Raynaud's phenomenon suggests that a common vascular pathophysiological mechanism underlying these conditions is unlikely. © 2017 Elsevier B.V.
Circulating B-type natriuretic peptide in women with and without recent gestational diabetes: The impact of current glucose intolerance; Context: Circulating B-type natriuretic peptide, as measured by the N-terminal fragment of its prohormone (NT-proBNP), is inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes (T2DM) but positively related to future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Recognizing that gestational diabetes (GDM) identifies women at future risk for both T2DM and CVD, we sought to determine whether gestational glucose tolerance relates to NT-proBNP in the years after delivery. Design/Patients/Measurements: Three hundred and forty women underwent a glucose challenge test (GCT) and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy, yielding 4 gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 105); gestational impaired glucose tolerance (n = 59); abnormal GCT with a normal OGTT (n = 98); and normal GCT with normal OGTT (n = 75). At 3-year postpartum, they underwent cardiometabolic characterization (including measurement of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), adiponectin and NT-proBNP) and repeated the OGTT, revealing 69 women with glucose intolerance (prediabetes/diabetes). Results: At 3-year postpartum, serum NT-proBNP did not differ between the 4 original gestational glucose tolerance groups (P =.44), but instead progressively decreased across current glucose tolerance strata, from normal to prediabetes to diabetes (P =.006). Indeed, on logistic regression analysis, NT-proBNP emerged as a negative predictor of prediabetes/diabetes (OR = 0.903, 95% CI 0.825-0.988, P =.026). On multiple linear regression analyses of NT-proBNP, the significant association with current glucose intolerance was ultimately attenuated in a fully adjusted model, revealing two independent determinants of NT-proBNP: eGFR (t = −2.71, P =.007) and adiponectin (t = 2.44, P =.015). Conclusion: Serum NT-proBNP relates to current glucose intolerance, rather than preceding gestational dysglycaemia. Thus, the diabetic (rather than vascular) risk implications of NT-proBNP predominate in young women. © 2017 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Transient neonatal diabetes due to a mutation in KCNJ11 in a child with klinefelter syndrome; Klinefelter syndrome is the most frequent chromosomal aneuploidy in males occurring in about 1 in 660 males. Epidemiological studies have demonstrated increased risk of type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes in adults with Klinefelter syndrome. There is only one previous report of neonatal diabetes in a patient with Klinefelter syndrome. We report transient neonatal diabetes due to a pathogenic heterozygous variant in KCNJ11 in a male infant with Klinefelter syndrome. A 78-day old male infant was noted to have sustained hyperglycemia with serum glucose ranging between 148 mg/dL (8.2 mmol/L) and 381 mg/dL (21.2 mmol/L) three days after undergoing a complete repair of an atrioventricular defect. Hemoglobin A1c was 6.6%. The patient was born at term with a birth weight of 2.16 kg following a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes that was controlled with diet. The patient was initially started on a continuous intravenous insulin drip and subsequently placed on subcutaneous insulin (glargine, human isophane and regular insulin). Insulin was gradually decreased and eventually discontinued at seven months of age. Chromosomal microarray at 11 weeks of age showed XXY and a panel-based, molecular test for neonatal diabetes revealed a pathogenic heterozygous variant c.685G>A (p.Glu229Lys) in KCNJ11. The patient is now 34 months old and continues to have normal fasting and post-prandial glucose and HbA1C levels. The patient will need prospective follow up for assessment of his glycemic status. To our knowledge this is the second reported case of neonatal diabetes in an infant with Klinefelter syndrome and the first due to a mutation in the KCNJ11 in a patient with Klinefelter syndrome. © 2018 by Turkish Pediatric Endocrinology and Diabetes Society.
Type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes mellitus in South Asian women in the United States; Aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major risk factor for type 2 diabetes. The incidence of both GDM and type 2 diabetes is exceedingly high in South Asian populations. However, the risk of type 2 diabetes after GDM in South Asian women in the United States is unknown. Methods: South Asians aged 40 to 84 years without known cardiovascular disease were enrolled in a community-based cohort called Mediators of Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America study. A history of GDM was elicited through self-report, and type 2 diabetes was ascertained by an oral glucose tolerance test. We performed a multivariable logistic regression analysis to examine the odds of type 2 diabetes after GDM history in this cross-sectional analysis. Results: About 9.7% of women in the Mediators of Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America study self-reported a history of GDM, and were significantly younger, with higher mean diastolic blood pressure and self-reported weight at age 20 and 40 years than women without a history of GDM. In a model adjusted for age, weight at age 40, family history of diabetes, education, income, physical activity, caloric intake, alcohol use, and cigarette smoking, women with a history of GDM had increased odds of having type 2 diabetes compared with women without GDM (OR 3.2; 95% CI 1.3, 7.5). Conclusions: A history of GDM further increases the risk of type 2 diabetes in US South Asian women. Our findings underscore the importance of early postpartum screening in a population at high risk for type 2 diabetes. Copyright © 2017 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Fetal Cardiac Function in Maternal Diabetes: A Conventional and Speckle-Tracking Echocardiographic Study; Background: Intrauterine exposure to a diabetic environment is associated with adverse fetal myocardial remodeling. The aim of this study was to assess the biventricular systolic and diastolic function of fetuses exposed to maternal diabetes (MD) compared with control subjects, using a comprehensive cardiac functional assessment and exploring the role of speckle-tracking to assess myocardial deformation. The authors hypothesized that fetuses exposed to MD present signs of biventricular dysfunction, which can be detected by deformation analysis. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in 129 fetuses with structurally normal hearts, including 76 fetuses of mothers with diabetes and 53 of mothers without diabetes. Maternal baseline characteristics, standard fetoplacental Doppler indices, and conventional echocardiographic and myocardial deformation parameters were prospectively collected at 30 to 33 weeks of gestation. Results: Fetuses of mothers with diabetes had a significantly thicker interventricular septum compared with control subjects (median, 4.25 mm [interquartile range (IQR), 3.87–4.50 mm] vs 3.67 mm [IQR, 3.40–3.93 mm), P <.001), but no effect modification was demonstrated on myocardial deformation analysis. No significant differences were found in conventional systolic and diastolic functional parameters for the left ventricle and right ventricle, except for lower left ventricular cardiac output in the MD group (median, 320 mL/min [IQR, 269–377 mL/min] vs 365 mL/min [IQR, 311–422 mL/min], P <.05]. Deformation analysis demonstrated a significantly lower early diastolic strain rate (SRe) and late diastolic strain rate (SRa) for both ventricles in the MD group (left ventricle: SRe 1.85 ± 0.72 vs 2.26 ± 0.68 sec−1, SRa 1.50 ± 0.52 vs 1.78 ± 0.57 sec−1; right ventricle: SRe 1.57 ± 0.73 vs 1.97 ± 0.73 sec−1, SRa 2 ± 0.77 vs 1.68 ± 0.79 sec−1; P <.05), suggesting biventricular diastolic impairment. Additionally, the right ventricle presented a lower global longitudinal strain in the study group (−13.67 ± 4.18% vs −15.52 ± 3.86%, P <.05). Multivariate analysis revealed that maternal age is an independent predictor of left and right ventricular global longitudinal strain (P <.05), with a significant effect only in MD after group stratification. Conclusions: Fetuses of mothers with diabetes present signs of biventricular diastolic dysfunction and right ventricular systolic dysfunction by deformation analysis in the third trimester of pregnancy. They may represent a special indication group for functional cardiac assessment, independently of septal hypertrophy. Two-dimensional speckle-tracking could offer an additional benefit over conventional echocardiography to detect subclinical unfavorable changes in myocardial function in this population. © 2017 American Society of Echocardiography
Potential of circulatory procalcitonin as a biomarker reflecting inflammation among South Indian diabetic foot ulcers; Objective: Diabetic foot ulcer (DFU), the major complication associated with diabetes mellitus, has been shown to precede amputation in up to 90% of cases. Recent data reveal that procalcitonin (PCT) is a valid marker for the diagnosis of bacterial infections compared with traditional markers like white blood cell count, C-reactive protein levels, and erythrocyte sedimentation rate in DFU patients. Furthermore, cytokines are proposed to act as modulators and mediators for the expression and release of PCT into the circulation. Hence, this preliminary study was conducted to evaluate the diagnostic accuracy of PCT compared with other traditional markers and to predict the association of PCT plasma levels with inflammatory cytokines and clinical parameters of incident diabetes among South Indian DFU subjects. Methods: There were 185 subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) selected in this cross-sectional study, subdivided into three groups: group I, control/T2DM subjects free from DFU (n = 75; male, 43; female, 32); group II, T2DM subjects with noninfected DFU (n = 34; male, 19; female, 15); and group III, T2DM subjects with infected DFU (IDFU; n = 76; male, 46; female, 30). Patients with IDFU were further divided into three subgroups as per the Infectious Diseases Society of America-International Working Group on the Diabetic Foot classification criteria: grade 2 (n = 27), grade 3 (n = 38), and grade 4 (n = 11). Subjects with type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes, pneumonia, sepsis, inflammatory bowel disease, meningitis, or hematologic diseases and those who underwent surgery in the past 2 to 3 weeks were excluded from this study. For investigation of clinical parameters, blood samples were drawn from all the study subjects; plasma samples were used for estimating PCT by the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay method. The profiling of plasma cytokines was carried out using a multiplex bead-based assay. Data are presented as mean ± standard deviation for clinical and biochemical variables and as geometric mean with 95% confidence interval (CI) for cytokines. All analysis was done using the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (version 20.0; IBM Corp, Armonk, NY); P <.05 was considered to be statistically significant. Results: We found PCT to be a valid diagnostic marker for IDFU with higher sensitivity and specificity than other traditional markers. For PCT, the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve was found to be high (0.99; 95% CI, 0.96-1.0), followed by C-reactive protein levels (0.78; 95% CI, 0.65-0.81), white blood cell count (0.76; 95% CI, 0.67-0.86), and erythrocyte sedimentation rate (0.74; 95% CI, 0.68-0.80) in IDFU subjects. We found the cutoff value of ≥0.5 ng/mL to have 54% sensitivity and 100% specificity for PCT with a positive predictive value of 100% and a negative predictive value of 12% for IDFU diagnosis. Moreover, PCT circulatory levels showed a positive correlation with helper T-cell subtype 1 cytokines, such as interferon γ (r = 0.21; P =.03) and interleukin 28A (r = 0.31; P =.003), and subtype 17 cytokines, such as interleukin 29/interferon λ1 (r = 0.20; P =.037). Conclusions: PCT could be a valuable marker for diagnosis of T2DM patients with IDFU. Clinical Relevance: We aimed to assess the diagnostic accuracy of procalcitonin (PCT) compared with other traditional markers and its association with inflammatory cytokines. The findings showed a significant difference in the levels of PCT up to sevenfold in infected diabetic foot ulcer (DFU) compared with noninfected DFU, which was better than for other traditional markers, such as C-reactive protein levels, white blood cell count, and erythrocyte sedimentation rate. Moreover, PCT was found to have positively correlated with helper T-cell subtypes 1 and 17 inflammatory cytokines. Based on our findings, we could clinically use PCT as a marker to distinguish the mild line between infected and noninfected DFUs. © 2017 Society for Vascular Surgery
Delivery outcomes of large-for-gestational-age newborns stratified by the presence or absence of gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To evaluate separate and combined contributions of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and large-for-gestational age (LGA) on delivery outcomes. Methods: In a retrospective cohort study of term singleton deliveries between 2007 and 2014 in Tel Aviv, Israel, outcomes were compared between non-GDM/AGA pregnancies (reference) and three study groups: non-GDM/LGA, GDM/appropriate for gestational age (AGA) and GDM/LGA. Results: Overall, there were 62 102 deliveries, of which 53 201 (85.7%) were eligible for inclusion. Of these, 43 775 (82.3%) were non-GDM/AGA, 6441 (12.1%) non-GDM/LGA, 2351 (4.4%) GDM/AGA, and 634 (1.2%) GDM/LGA. Compared with the reference group, the study groups had higher mean maternal age and higher rates of previous cesarean delivery, polyhydramnios, induction of labor, and cesarean delivery. Considering only women attempting vaginal delivery, the three groups were independently associated with adverse outcomes including cesarean delivery (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 1.5, 1.6, and 2.6 for non-GDM/LGA, GDM/AGA, and GDM/LGA, respectively), mainly for prolonged first stage of labor, and hypoglycemia (aOR, 1.9, 2.5, and 4.6, respectively). LGA with and without GDM was associated with shoulder dystocia (aOR, 14.5 and 6.9, respectively), prolonged second stage, and jaundice. Conclusion: GDM and LGA share similarities in pregnancy complications. The presence of both has a cumulative impact. © 2017 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics
Maternal Obesity as a Risk Factor for the Development of Total Anomalous Pulmonary Venous Connection in Their Offspring; The incidence of total anomalous pulmonary venous connection (TAPVC) in the Caucasian population is 2.5/100,000 live births (LB), and the incidence in the Hispanic population is 19.8/100,000 LB. Without knowing the exact etiology for the development of congenital heart disease, our objective was to determine the maternal factors associated with the development of TAPVC. Methods: 55 mother-child binomials with isolated TAPVC (group I) and 152 healthy mother-child binomials (group II) were included. Both groups had no maternal history of addiction, pre-eclampsia, or type 1, 2 or gestational diabetes mellitus. Complete clinical histories were obtained for the women in both groups and perinatal and birth data were recorded. In addition, genealogies across three generations were constructed to determine affected first- or second-degree relatives with complex congenital heart disease. Results: Among the maternal characteristics analyzed, women in group I had a higher number of pregnancies before gestation of the index case (p = <0.05), and the Body Mass Index (BMI) before pregnancy was higher compared to Group II (p < 0.05), with an adjusted risk of OR = 3.6 (p = 0.011). The family history showed a higher prevalence in the group of patients with TAPVC compared to healthy children (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Maternal obesity before pregnancy is a risk factor for the development of CATVP in children in the Mexican population. © 2018 IMSS
The Value of Neutrophil to Lymphocyte Ratio and Platelet to Lymphocyte Ratio for Detecting Early-onset Neonatal Sepsis; Objective: The purpose of this study was to investigate the relationship between neonate early-onset sepsis (EOS) and the neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR) and the platelet to lymphocyte ratio (PLR) of term neonates. Materials and Methods: This prospective observational study was conducted with term neonates diagnosed with EOS compared with 44 healthy controls. Exclusion criteria were prematurity, postmaturity, small or large for gestational age according to week of pregnancy, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, chorioamnionitis, congenital major anomalies, and cyanotic congenital heart disease. Results: A total of 122 term neonates were included in the study. Of these, 78 were diagnosed with EOS and 44 were healthy controls. Tachycardia and apnea with bradycardia were the most common clinical signs of the onset of EOS in neonates in the EOS group. This group had significantly higher neutrophil counts, axillary temperatures, NLRs, PLRs, C-reactive proteins, and procalcitonin levels compared with the control group. There was a positive association between neutrophil counts, NLR, and PLR in the EOS group. An NLR of 6.76 was determined as the predictive cutoff value of neonate EOS (sensitivity 97.4%; specificity 100%; area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve 0.99; P=0.001). A PLR of 94.05 was determined as the predictive cutoff value of neonate EOS (sensitivity 97.4; specificity 100%; area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve 0.93; P=0.001). Conclusions: NLRs and PLRs were positively correlated with EOS in term neonates, and these ratios can be used as diagnostic adjunct tests for neonate EOS workups. © Copyright 2017 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
CXC chemokine ligand 16 is increased in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia and associated with lipoproteins in gestational diabetes mellitus at 5 years follow-up; Background: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life, but the mechanism remains unclear. The aim of the study was to evaluate the association between CXC chemokine ligand 16 and indices of glucose metabolism, dyslipidemia and systemic inflammation in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. Methods: This sub-study of the population-based prospective cohort included 310 women. Oral glucose tolerance test was performed during pregnancy and 5 years later along with lipid analysis. CXC chemokine ligand 16 was measured in plasma (protein) and peripheral blood mononuclear cells (messenger RNA) during pregnancy and at follow-up. Results: Circulating CXC chemokine ligand 16 was higher in gestational diabetes mellitus women early in pregnancy and at follow-up, while higher in preeclampsia women late in pregnancy compared to control women. Messenger RNA of CXC chemokine ligand 16 in peripheral blood mononuclear cells were lower in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia women compared to control women. Increased circulating CXC chemokine ligand 16 level was associated with a higher apolipoprotein B and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in gestational diabetes mellitus women but not in normal pregnancy at follow-up. Conclusion: Our study shows that women with gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia had a dysregulated CXC chemokine ligand 16 during pregnancy, and in gestational diabetes mellitus, the increase in CXC chemokine ligand 16 early in pregnancy and after 5 years was strongly associated with their lipid profile. © SAGE Publications.
The small dense LDL particle/large buoyant LDL particle ratio is associated with glucose metabolic status in pregnancy; Background: The lipoprotein subfraction particle profile can be used to improve clinical assessments of cardiovascular disease risk and contribute to early detection of atherogenic dyslipidemia. Lipid alterations in gestational diabetes have been extensively studied, but the results have been inconsistent. Here, we investigated serum lipoprotein subfraction particle levels and their association with glucose metabolic status in pregnancy. Methods: Twenty-eight pregnant women with gestational diabetes and 56 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance matched for body mass index were enrolled in this study. We assessed fasting serum lipid concentrations and lipoprotein subfraction particle levels in participants between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation. Results: The level of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was significantly lower in women with gestational diabetes than in those with normal glucose tolerance, but the triglyceride and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels of the two groups were similar. Lipoprotein particle analysis showed that very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) particle number and the small dense LDL particle/large buoyant LDL particle (sdLDL-P/lbLDL-P) ratio were significantly higher in women with gestational diabetes than in those with normal glucose tolerance (P = 0.013 and P = 0.015, respectively). In multivariate analysis, fasting glucose was independently and positively associated with sdLDL-P/lbLDL-P ratio even after adjustment for maternal age, gestational weight gain, BMI and LDL cholesterol (standardized Beta = 0.214, P = 0.029). Conclusions: The sdLDL-P/lbLDL-P ratio is higher in GDM compared with non-diabetic pregnant women, and positively and independently associated with fasting glucose in pregnant women. © 2017 The Author(s).
Metabolic syndrome in pregnancy and risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes: A prospective cohort of nulliparous women; Background: Obesity increases the risk for developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and preeclampsia (PE), which both associate with increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women in later life. In the general population, metabolic syndrome (MetS) associates with T2DM and CVD. The impact of maternal MetS on pregnancy outcomes, in nulliparous pregnant women, has not been investigated. Methods and findings: Low-risk, nulliparous women were recruited to the multi-centre, international prospective Screening for Pregnancy Endpoints (SCOPE) cohort between 11 November 2004 and 28 February 2011. Women were assessed for a range of demographic, lifestyle, and metabolic health variables at 15 ± 1 weeks’ gestation. MetS was defined according to International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria for adults: waist circumference ≥80 cm, along with any 2 of the following: raised trigycerides (≥1.70 mmol/l [≥150 mg/dl]), reduced high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (<1.29 mmol/l [<50 mg/dl]), raised blood pressure (BP) (i.e., systolic BP ≥130 mm Hg or diastolic BP ≥85 mm Hg), or raised plasma glucose (≥5.6 mmol/l). Log-binomial regression analyses were used to examine the risk for each pregnancy outcome (GDM, PE, large for gestational age [LGA], small for gestational age [SGA], and spontaneous preterm birth [sPTB]) with each of the 5 individual components for MetS and as a composite measure (i.e., MetS, as defined by the IDF). The relative risks, adjusted for maternal BMI, age, study centre, ethnicity, socioeconomic index, physical activity, smoking status, depression status, and fetal sex, are reported. A total of 5,530 women were included, and 12.3% (n = 684) had MetS. Women with MetS were at an increased risk for PE by a factor of 1.63 (95% CI 1.23 to 2.15) and for GDM by 3.71 (95% CI 2.42 to 5.67). In absolute terms, for PE, women with MetS had an adjusted excess risk of 2.52% (95% CI 1.51% to 4.11%) and, for GDM, had an adjusted excess risk of 8.66% (95% CI 5.38% to 13.94%). Diagnosis of MetS was not associated with increased risk for LGA, SGA, or sPTB. Increasing BMI in combination with MetS increased the estimated probability for GDM and decreased the probability of an uncomplicated pregnancy. Limitations of this study are that there are several different definitions for MetS in the adult population, and as there are none for pregnancy, we cannot be sure that the IDF criteria are the most appropriate definition for pregnancy. Furthermore, MetS was assessed in the first trimester and may not reflect pre-pregnancy metabolic health status. Conclusions: We did not compare the impact of individual metabolic components with that of MetS as a composite, and therefore cannot conclude that MetS is better at identifying women at risk. However, more than half of the women who had MetS in early pregnancy developed a pregnancy complication compared with just over a third of women who did not have MetS. Furthermore, while increasing BMI increases the probability of GDM, the addition of MetS exacerbates this probability. Further studies are required to determine if individual MetS components act synergistically or independently. © 2018 Grieger et al. http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/.
Atopic dermatitis and risk of hypertension, type 2 diabetes, myocardial infarction and stroke in a cross-sectional analysis from the Canadian Partnership for Tomorrow Project; Background: Atopic dermatitis (AD) has been associated with cardiovascular risk factors and diseases, but epidemiological studies to date have found conflicting results. Objectives: To determine the associations of AD with hypertension, type 2 diabetes (T2D), myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of baseline data from the Canadian Partnership for Tomorrow Project, which includes Canadian residents aged 30–74 years living in British Columbia, Alberta, Ontario, Quebec and the Atlantic Provinces. We excluded participants with incomplete data on AD, hypertension, T2D, MI or stroke, who had type 1 or gestational diabetes or who developed any of the outcomes at an age prior to a diagnosis of AD. This left 259 119 participants in our analysis. We used logistic regression to calculate age- and sex-, and multivariable-adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) between AD and subsequent hypertension, T2D, MI and stroke. Results: AD was reported by 21 379 (8·4%) participants. In total, 52 787 cases of hypertension, 12 739 cases of T2D, 4390 cases of MI and 2235 cases of stroke were reported by participants at enrolment. In the multivariable-adjusted model, AD was associated with decreased odds of hypertension (OR 0·87, 95% CI 0·83–0·90), T2D (OR 0·78, 95% CI 0·71–0·84), MI (OR 0·87, 95% CI 0·75–1·00) and stroke (OR 0·79, 95% CI 0·66–0·95). Conclusions: We did not find evidence of a positive association between AD and subsequent hypertension, T2D, MI or stroke; AD was inversely associated with these outcomes in our study. Given our findings and the conflicting literature, AD is likely not a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease. © 2017 British Association of Dermatologists
Sleep Disorders in Pregnancy; Sleep and pregnancy are dynamic processes with unique and evolving physiological substrates. Given the restorative hypothesis of sleep as an anabolic process essential for cellular and tissue regeneration, the largely unexplored role of sleep in gestational physiology and pregnancy outcomes promises to be a fascinating topic. Emerging literature suggests that objectively measured or self-reported short sleep duration may be a risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, and cesarean delivery. In this review, we discuss obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and restless legs syndrome (RLS), two sleep disorders prevalent in pregnancy. OSA is especially likely in high-risk pregnancy where it is associated with comorbid cardiovascular and metabolic disturbances. We review new data strongly suggesting that OSA is an independent risk factor for GDM and gestational hypertension. It remains to be seen if sleep disruption, whether or not in the context of gestational RLS and gestational OSA, is a modifiable factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Clinicians are encouraged to query sleep symptoms in pregnant women and to have a low threshold to pursue investigations for OSA, including the subjective symptoms of snoring, witnessed apneas, and daytime sleepiness, and also medical comorbidities, such as chronic hypertension. © 2017 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Cardiovascular origins of preeclampsia; Purpose of review To review the current data on maternal cardiovascular adaptation in normal pregnancy and preeclampsia. Recent findings Defective placentation causes early-onset preeclampsia, a disease entity that is considered more or less distinct from late-onset preeclampsia. The latter has been attributed as 'maternal' preeclampsia. There are inconsistencies with the placental origins hypothesis, especially when considering the lack of a causative association with abnormal placental histology or impaired fetal growth. An alternative explanation is that placental dysfunction is secondary to maternal cardiovascular maladaptation in pregnancy. The concept that placental dysfunction is secondary to a maternal disorder is not new when one considers the clinical similarities between preeclampsia and gestational diabetes-both pregnancy-specific conditions that are cured by birth. It is accepted that gestational diabetes develops when the maternal pancreas is unable to manage the increasing glucose load of pregnancy. It is now apparent that pregnancy presents a substantial cardiovascular load on the maternal heart, and that cardiovascular dysfunction precedes the disorder, predominates in the clinical syndrome and persists for several decades postpartum. It is time to consider the evidence that failure of the maternal cardiovascular system to adapt to pregnancy may well be the primary mechanism leading to secondary placental dysfunction in preeclampsia. Summary Many of the existing paradoxes of preeclampsia challenge the placental origin hypothesis and are explained if one considered preeclampsia to be a cardiovascular syndrome. Copyright © 2017 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Milestones and frontiers in vascular physiology in health and cancer; Cardiovascular diseases are the main cause of death in the world: ischemic heart disease (IHD) and stroke account for 30% of total deaths, remaining as leading causes of death globally in the last 15 years. Diabetes and cancer are the fifth and sixth causes of death; those four diseases totaled more than 18 million of deaths in 2015. Cancer depends on vessels too, needing angiogenesis to grow and metastasis. From another point of view, vascular diseases manifest interestingly during pregnancy, where arterial pressure and/or body composition abnormalities manifest with different intensity among patients: hypertension (called preeclampsia, PE), excessive gestational weight gain (EGWG) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). All the listed abnormalities share common pathophysiological pathways with a low grade inflammatory basis which generates oxidative stress, being the vessel wall the final common pathway for the impact of cardiovascular risk factors and genetic predisposition to metabolic, hypertensive and ischemic diseases, inducing the endothelial dysfunction which underlies most of the clinical and paraclinical findings. Vessel wall is an organ with huge paracrine, endocrine and autocrine activity, then its affectation could be not only a consequence but the cause in those pathologies. It is mandatory to research in vascular wall physiology and pathophysiology to understand such disorders and, optimally, to prevent them and their related, as well as to design more precise therapies and consequently to diminish the associated morbidity, mortality and costs. Milestones in vascular physiology will be presented from William Harvey until our days, and frontiers in research emphasizing in health and cancer of mesenteric and placental beds, and the looking for evidences of a muscle-adipocyte-endothelium axis. Those are the challenges for The Vascular Physiology section of the PHYSIS lab at the University of Antioquia. As a conclusion, our lines and preliminary results of research in vascular reactivity, cancer, angiogenesis, PE, EGWG and GDM, and the scientific nets we are working on, will be shown and discussed. © 2018, Universidad de Antioquia. All rights reserved.
Obstetrical correlates and perinatal consequences of neonatal hypoglycemia in term infants; Objective: To determine independent perinatal and intrapartum factors associated with neonatal hypoglycemia. Method: Of singleton pregnancies delivered at term in 2013; 318 (3.8%) neonates diagnosed with hypoglycemia were compared to 7955 (96.2%) neonate controls with regression analysis. Results: Regression analysis showed that independent prenatal factors were multiparity (odds-ratio [OR] = 1.61), gestational age (OR = 0.68), gestational diabetes (OR = 0.22), macrosomia (OR = 4.87), small for gestational age neonate [SGA] (OR = 6.83) and admission cervical dilation (OR = 0.79). For intrapartum factors, only cesarean section (OR = 1.57) and last cervical dilation (OR = 0.92) were independently significantly associated with neonatal hypoglycemia. For biologically plausible risk factors, independent factors were cesarean section (OR = 4.18), gentamycin/clindamycin in labor (OR = 5.35), gestational age (OR = 0.59) and macrosomia (OR = 5.62). Mothers of babies with neonatal hypoglycemia had more blood loss and longer hospital stays, while neonates with hypoglycemia had worse umbilical cord gases, more neonatal hypoxic conditions, neonatal morbidities and NICU admissions. Conclusion: Diabetes was protective of neonatal hypoglycemia, which may be explained by optimum maternal glucose management; nevertheless macrosomia was independently predictive of neonatal hypoglycemia. Cesarean section and decreasing gestational age were the most consistent independent risk factors followed by treatment for chorioamnionitis and SGA. Further studies to evaluate these observations and develop preventive strategies are warranted. © 2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Maternal obesity, diabetes during pregnancy and epigenetic mechanisms that influence the developmental origins of cardiometabolic disease in the offspring; Since 1980, global obesity has doubled, and the incidence of cardiometabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes and heart disease is also increasing. While genetic susceptibility and adult lifestyle are implicated in these trends, evidence from clinical cohorts, epidemiological studies and animal model experiments support a role for early-life environmental exposures in determining the long-term health of an individual, which has led to the formulation of the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) theory. In fact, maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy, which are on the rise, are strongly associated with altered fetal growth and development as well as with lifelong perturbations in metabolic tissues. A mounting body of evidence implicates epigenetic mechanisms (e.g. DNA methylation and histone modifications) in the regulation of these effects and their transmission to future generations. This review critically discusses the current evidence (in animal model systems and humans) that implicates maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy in perturbing the epigenome of the next generation, and the consequential impact on growth, organ development and ultimately cardiometabolic disease progression. Additionally, this review will address some of the limitations of the DOHaD approach and areas that require further study. For example, future research requires verification of the mechanistic impact of the epigenetic marks and their persistence over the life course. Ultimately, this knowledge is needed to establish optimal screening, prevention and therapeutic approaches for children at risk of cardiometabolic disease development. © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Improving cardiometabolic and mental health in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring: Study protocol for MySweetHeart Trial, a randomised controlled trial; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) carries prenatal and perinatal risk for the mother and her offspring as well as longer-term risks for both the mother (obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease) and her child (obesity, type 2 diabetes). Compared with women without GDM, women with GDM are twice as likely to develop perinatal or postpartum depression. Lifestyle interventions for GDM are generally limited to physical activity and/or nutrition, often focus separately on the mother or the child and take place either during or after pregnancy, while their results are inconsistent. To increase efficacy of intervention, the multifactorial origins of GDM and the tight link between mental and metabolic as well as maternal and child health need to be heeded. This calls for an interdisciplinary transgenerational approach starting in, but continuing beyond pregnancy. Methods and analysis This randomised controlled trial will assess the effect of a multidimensional interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention aimed at improving the metabolic and mental health of 200 women with GDM and their offspring. Women with GDM at 24-32 weeks gestational age who understand French or English, and their offspring and partners can participate. The intervention components will be delivered on top of usual care during pregnancy and the first year postpartum. Metabolic and mental health outcomes will be measured at 24-32 weeks of pregnancy, shortly after birth and at 6-8 weeks and 1 year after childbirth. Data will be analysed using intention-to-treat analyses. The MySweetHeart Trial is linked to the MySweetHeart Cohort (clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02872974). Ethics and dissemination We will disseminate the findings through regional, national and international conferences and through peer-reviewed journals. Trial registration number NCT02890693; Pre-results. © Article author(s) 2018.
Metformin for diabetes prevention: insights gained from the Diabetes Prevention Program/Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study; The largest and longest clinical trial of metformin for the prevention of diabetes is the Diabetes Prevention Program/Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study (DPP/DPPOS). In this review, we summarise data from the DPP/DPPOS, focusing on metformin for diabetes prevention, as well as its long-term glycaemic and cardiometabolic effects and safety in people at high-risk of developing diabetes. The DPP (1996–2001) was a RCT of 3234 adults who, at baseline, were at high-risk of developing diabetes. Participants were assigned to masked placebo (n = 1082) or metformin (n = 1073) 850 mg twice daily, or intensive lifestyle intervention (n = 1079). The masked metformin/placebo intervention phase ended approximately 1 year ahead of schedule because of demonstrated efficacy. Primary outcome was reported at 2.8 years. At the end of the DPP, all participants were offered lifestyle education and 88% (n = 2776) of the surviving DPP cohort continued follow-up in the DPPOS. Participants originally assigned to metformin continued to receive metformin, unmasked. The DPP/DPPOS cohort has now been followed for over 15 years with prospective assessment of glycaemic, cardiometabolic, health economic and safety outcomes. After an average follow-up of 2.8 years, metformin reduced the incidence of diabetes by 31% compared with placebo, with a greater effect in those who were more obese, had a higher fasting glucose or a history of gestational diabetes. The DPPOS addressed the longer-term effects of metformin, showing a risk reduction of 18% over 10 and 15 years post-randomisation. Metformin treatment for diabetes prevention was estimated to be cost-saving. At 15 years, lack of progression to diabetes was associated with a 28% lower risk of microvascular complications across treatment arms, a reduction that was no different among treatment groups. Recent findings suggest metformin may reduce atherosclerosis development in men. Originally used for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, metformin, now proven to prevent or delay diabetes, may serve as an important tool in battling the growing diabetes epidemic. Long-term follow-up, currently underway in the DPP/DPPOS, is now evaluating metformin’s potential role, when started early in the spectrum of dysglycaemia, on later-stage comorbidities, including cardiovascular disease and cancer. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00038727 and NCT00004992. © 2017, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: Outcomes of mothers after pregnancy and their children; In immediate post-partum, 16 to 42% of women at risk and with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) according to the new diagnostic criteria have dysglycemia; and 26% of them have developed incident dysglycemia at 5 years (vs. 4% of those without GDM). Eleven percent of women have diabetes 8-12 years after the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome (HAPO) study. Cardiovascular events in women with previous GDM are twice more frequent than in women without, independently for glycemic status. Follow-up of children 8-12 years after the HAPO study show that they have a 21% higher risk for overweight or obesity when their mother had GDM than when she had not, after adjustment for confounding factors. Their cardiovascular risk is probably increased, with a higher prevalence of classical cardiovascular risk factors, and abnormalities of cardiovascular surrogates. Finally, cognitive development appears to be altered in case of maternal GDM. GDM should be considered as an opportunity for preventive initiatives. © 2017 Elsevier Masson SAS
Endocrine markers of diabetes and cardiovascular disease risk; Diabetes is characterized by an elevated blood glucose and is classified into subtypes including type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, and diabetes secondary to other medical conditions. Diabetes is a risk factor for several other conditions, including cardiovascular (CV) disease, nephropathy, neuropathy, and ocular disease. The clinical chemistry laboratory plays an essential role not only in the assessment of glycemia for diagnosing and monitoring diabetes but also in biochemical risk assessments for CV disease. Testing for these conditions makes up a very large volume of work for clinical chemistry laboratories and relies on colorimetric assays, enzymatic assays, turbidimetric/nephelometric assays, immunoassays, chromatography, and mass spectrometry. It is essential that clinicians understand the strengths and limitations of these tests, as well as specimen collection protocols and how to correctly interpret results to optimally manage patients with diabetes and its associated conditions. © 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Diagnosis and classification of diabetes mellitus; Diabetes is characterized by chronic hyperglycemia associated with long term microvascular and macrovascular complications such as blindness, kidney failure, lower limbs amputations, myocardial infarction and stroke. Early diagnosis is required in order to start treatment as soon as possible and reduce the risk associated with chronic hyperglycemia. The diagnosis is easily made when symptoms are present (polyuria, polydipsia, polyphagia, unexplained weight loss, infections). Blood glucose measurements will confirm the diagnosis. In the absence of symptoms (around 50% of cases), a fasting plasma glucose level of 7 mmol/L or more, a 2-h plasma glucose value in a 75 g oral glucose tolerance of 11.1 mmol/L or more or a glycated hemoglobin (A1C) of 6.5% or more can predict the development of retinopathy. The diagnosis of diabetes can be made on the basis of each of these parameters. There are four major types of diabetes: type 1 diabetes (beta cells that produce insulin have been destroyed by the disease); type 2 diabetes (90% of cases of diabetes: beta cells are present but do not produce enough insulin and/or the body is resistant to insulin actions); gestational diabetes (diabetes occurring during pregnancy) and finally the group of other types of rare specific cases of diabetes. Prediabetes refers to impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), an A1C between 6.0% and 6.4%. Prediabetes places individuals at high risk for diabetes and its complications. © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Preterm Birth and its Impact on Renal Health; Preterm birth occurs in approximately 10% of all births worldwide. Preterm infants have reduced nephron numbers at birth in proportion to gestational age, and are at increased risk of neonatal acute kidney injury as well as higher blood pressure, proteinuria, and chronic kidney disease later in life. Rapid catch-up growth in preterm infants, especially if resulting in obesity, is a risk factor for end-stage kidney disease among children with proteinuric renal disease. Preterm birth, however, is a risk factor not only for the infant because mothers who deliver preterm have an increased risk of having subsequent preterm deliveries as well as hypertension, cardiovascular disease, and renal disease later in life. Preterm birth in a female infant is also a risk factor for her future risk of having a preterm delivery, gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes, which in turn may impact the development of fetal kidneys and the offspring's risk of hypertension and renal disease. This intergenerational programming cycle, therefore, perpetuates the risks and consequences of prematurity. Interruption of this cycle may be possible through optimization of maternal nutrition and health as well as careful antenatal care, which may in turn reduce the global burden of hypertension and renal disease in subsequent generations. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Reproductive factors in relation to heart failure in women: A systematic review; Background The biological mechanisms underlying the sex-related differences in risk of heart failure are still not well understood. The aim of this review was to provide an overview of the current evidence on the association between reproductive factors and risk of heart failure in women. Methods A systematic review of the literature was conducted. PubMed and Embase databases were searched for publications on the following reproductive factors as potential risk factors for heart failure in women: age at menarche, duration and frequency of the menstrual cycle, reproductive lifespan, use of contraception, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), pregnancy characteristics (e.g. parity), pregnancy complications (e.g. preeclampsia), induced abortion, history of breastfeeding, fertility status, use of assisted reproductive methods, hysterectomy, age at menopause, and use of hormone replacement therapy (HRT). Results Twenty-one studies were eligible for inclusion. Hypertensive pregnancy disorders, preterm delivery or small-for-gestational-age (SGA) infants, shorter reproductive duration, and early menopause were risk factors for heart failure in women. It was suggested that PCOS, fertility therapy, gestational diabetes, and age at first pregnancy were not related to risk of heart failure, but a potential relation cannot be fully excluded as most studies were not of sufficient quality. Conflicting results were found for the associations between risk of heart failure and hysterectomy, gravidity and parity, and HRT. Conclusion Although some reproductive factors were considered risk factors for heart failure in women, the results were mostly conflicting or inconclusive. Further research is needed to confirm and expand the current evidence on the association between reproductive factors and risk of heart failure. © 2017 Elsevier B.V.
Intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes and childhood obesity; The hypothesis of fetal over-nutrition or fuel-mediated teratogenesis proposed in the 1950s by Pedersen postulates that intrauterine exposure to hyperglycemia causes permanent changes in the fetus of a woman with diabetes in pregnancy, leading to malformations, macrosomia, and an increased risk of developing obesity and type 2 diabetes later in life. More recent data confirm that exposure to diabetes in utero has effects on offspring body size that are distinct from, or act in concert with, genetic susceptibility to obesity and the postnatal environment. There is also evidence that exposure to maternal diabetes represents the extreme of a distribution of altered maternal fuels to which the fetus is exposed in pregnancies complicated by obesity. If maternal obesity during pregnancy drives fuel-mediated teratogenesis, the public health consequences are enormous. Efforts that reduce obesity in women of reproductive age and prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy may not only decrease the risk of gestational diabetes in the mother, but will likely also reduce the risk of excess fetal growth, future obesity, and type 2 diabetes in the offspring. © Springer International Publishing AG 2018.
'The obesity paradox': A reconsideration of obesity and the risk of preterm birth; Objective:The association between obesity and spontaneous preterm births (sPTBs) has been shown to be influenced by obesity-attendant comorbidities. Our objective was to better understand the complex relationship of obesity and its attendant comorbidities with sPTBs.Study Design:A retrospective analysis utilizing maternally linked hospital and birth certificate records of 2 049 196 singleton California deliveries from 2007 to 2011. Adjusted relative risks (aRRs) for sPTBs were estimated using multivariate Poisson regression modeling.Results:Obese women had higher aRRs for sPTBs than their normal body mass index (BMI) controls. aRRs (95% confidence interval) increased with increasing BMI category: Obese I=1.10 (1.08 to 1.12); Obese II=1.15 (1.12 to 1.18); and Obese III=1.26 (1.22 to 1.30). When comparing only obese women without comorbidities to their normal BMI controls, aRRs reversed, that is, obese women had lower aRRs of sPTBs: Obese I=0.96 (0.94 to 0.98), Obese II=0.95 (0.91 to 0.98); and Obese III=0.98 (0.94 to 1.03). This same reversal of aRR direction was also observed among women with comorbidities: 0.92 (0.89 to 0.96); 0.89 (0.85 to 0.93); and 0.89 (0.85 to 0.93), respectively. Increasing BMI increased the aRRs for sPTBs among patients with gestational diabetes (P<0.05), while decreasing the risk among patients with chronic hypertension and pregnancy-related hypertensive disease (P<0.05).Conclusions:The obesity and preterm birth paradox is an example of what has been described as 'Simpson's Paradox'. Unmeasured confounding factors mediated by comorbidities may explain the observed protective effect of obesity upon conditioning on the presence or absence of comorbidities and thus resolve the paradox. © 2017 Nature America, Inc., part of Springer Nature. All rights reserved.
Maternal glycoregulation in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus in the prediction of fetal echography findings and perinatal outcomes; Aim: We aimed to determine maternal hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels and pregestational body mass index (BMI) as the predictors of glycemic control and its importance for fetal echography findings and perinatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus (DM). Methods: Our intention was to evaluate how BMI and HbA1c levels might be used to predict fetal interventricular septum (IVS) thickness, atrioventricular inflow early diastole (E)/ atrial systole (A) velocity ratio, and perinatal outcomes. Patients in the 38th gestational week were divided into three groups according to their insulin therapy: (i) patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treated only with dietary changes (GDM group, n = 32); (ii) patients with GDM treated with insulin therapy (DM2 group, n = 27); and (iii) patients with type 1 DM (DM1 group, n = 22). Results: In the DM1 group, we found statistically significant correlations between BMI and IVS thickness (P = 0.036), HbA1c and IVS thickness, as well as the mitral E/A velocity ratio (P = 0.013 vs P = 0.007). In this group, HbA1c showed a statistically significant correlation to neonatal birth weight (P = 0.037) and BMI influenced on appearance respiratory distress syndrome in neonates in DM1 group (P = 0.027). The values of HbA1c predict neonatal respiratory distress syndrome in DM2 and GDM groups (P = 0.036). Conclusion: As good predictors of maternal glycoregulation, BMI and HbA1c levels determine fetal echography findings as well as neonatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by DM. © 2017 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology
Major determinants of survival and length of stay in the neonatal intensive care unit of newborns from women with premature preterm rupture of membranes; Objective: To assess the predictors of outcome in terms of length of stay in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and survival of neonates from women with preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM). Methods: A population-based retrospective study including 331 singleton pregnant women with PPROM at 24–34 gestational weeks between January 2013 and December 2015 was conducted. Gestational age at delivery, birth weight, route of delivery, newborn gender, maternal age, oligohydramnios, premature retinopathy (ROP), necrotising enterocolitis (NEC), sepsis, fetal growth retardation (FGR), intracranial hemorrhagia (ICH), bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), primary pulmonary hypertension (PPH), congenital cardiac disease (CCD), patent ductus arteriosus (PDA), use of cortisol (betamethasone) and maternal complications including gestational diabetes, preeclampsia and chorioamnionitis were used to predict neonatal outcomes in terms of length of stay in the NICU and survival. Results: In linear regression analyses, birth weight, ROP, CCD, BPD, PDA, NEC and preeclampsia were significant confounders for length of stay in the NICU. Among them, birth weight was the most powerful confounder for prolongation of the NICU stay (t: −6.43; p < 0.001). In multivariate logistic regression analyses, birth weight, PDA, ROP and PPH were significantly correlated with neonatal survival. PPH was the most powerful confounder in neonatal survival (β: 7.22; p = 0.005). Conclusion: Prematurity-related complications are the most important problems for which precautions should be taken. Therefore, premature deliveries should be avoided to prevent infection and to prolong the latent period in cases of PPROM in order to decrease prematurity-related outcomes. © 2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Adiposity, dysmetabolic traits, and earlier onset of female puberty in adolescent offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A clinical study within the Danish national birth cohort; Objective: Offspring of pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of the development of type 2 diabetes. However, the extent to which these dysmetabolic traits may be due to offspring and/or maternal adiposity is unknown. We examined body composition and associated cardiometabolic traits in 561 9- to 16-year-old offspring of mothers with GDM and 597 control offspring. Research Design and Methods: We measured anthropometric characteristics; puberty status; blood pressure; and fasting glucose, insulin, C-peptide, and lipid levels; and conducted a DEXA scan in a subset of the cohort. Differences in the outcomes between offspring of mothers with GDM and control subjects were examined using linear and logistic regression models. Results: After adjustment for age and sex, offspring of mothers with GDM displayed higher weight, BMI, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), systolic blood pressure, and resting heart rate and lower height. Offspring of mothers with GDM had higher total and abdominal fat percentages and lower muscle mass percentages, but these differences disappeared after correction for offspring BMI. The offspring of mothers with GDM displayed higher fasting plasma glucose, insulin, C-peptide, HOMA-insulin resistance (IR), and plasma triglyceride levels, whereas fasting plasma HDL cholesterol levels were decreased. Female offspring of mothers with GDM had an earlier onset of puberty than control offspring. Offspring of mothers with GDM had significantly higher BMI, WHR, fasting glucose, and HOMA-IR levels after adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI, and glucose and HOMA-IR remained elevated in the offspring of mothers with GDM after correction for both maternal and offspring BMIs. Conclusions: In summary, adolescent offspring of women with GDM show increased adiposity, an adverse cardiometabolic profile, and earlier onset of puberty among girls. Increased fasting glucose and HOMA-IR levels among the offspring of mothers with GDM may be explained by the programming effects of hyperglycemia in pregnancy. © 2017 by the American Diabetes Association.
Gestational diabetes alters functions in offspring's umbilical cord cells with implications for cardiovascular health; Because noncommunicable diseases such as type 2 diabetes mellitus have their roots in prenatal development and conditions such as maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), we aimed to test this hypothesis in primary cells derived from the offspring of mothers with GDM compared with control subjects.We have assessed primary umbilical cord-derived cells such as human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) andWharton's jelly-derivedmesenchymal stem cells from the offspring ofmothers with andwithout GDM. We have compared the primary isolates in cell-based assays measuring proliferation, mitochondrial oxygen consumption, and the ability to support blood vessel growth.We conducted gene expression microarray studies with subsequent pathway analysis and candidate gene validation. We observed striking differences between the two groups, such as lowermetabolic rates and impairment of endothelial tube formation in cells with GDM background. HUVECs from subjects with maternal GDM have lower expression of the antiapoptotic protein BCL-xL, suggesting compromised angiogenic capabilities. Comparative gene expression analysis revealed blood vessel formation as a major pathway enriched in the GDM-derived HUVECs with the surface marker CD44 as a gene underexpressed in the GDMgroup. Functional validation of CD44 revealed that it regulates tube formation inHUVECs, thereby providing insights into a pathway imprinted in primary umbilical cord-derived cells fromGDMoffspring. Our data demonstrate that primary cells isolated from the umbilical cord of offspring born to mothers with GDM maintain metabolic and molecular imprints of maternal hyperglycemia, reflecting an increased risk for cardiovascular disease later in life. Copyright © 2017 Endocrine Society.
Soft drink consumption and gestational diabetes risk in the SUN project; Background & aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevalence is increasing worldwide. To the best of our knowledge the specific evaluation of soft drink consumption as a risk factor for developing GDM has only been conducted in the Nurses' Health Study II. Objective: To investigate the incidence of GDM according to soft drink consumption in the SUN project. Design: The “Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra” (SUN) project is a prospective and dynamic cohort which included data of 3396 women who notified at least one pregnancy between December 1999 and March 2012. A validated 136-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire was used to assess soft drink consumption. Four categories of sugar-sweetened soft drink (SSSD) and diet soft drink (DSD) consumption (servings) were established: rarely or never (<1/month), low (1–3/month), intermediate (>3/month and ≤1/week) and high (≥2/week). Potential confounders were adjusted through non-conditional logistic regression models. Results: During the follow-up, we identified 172 incident cases of GDM. After adjusting for age, baseline body mass index, family history of diabetes, smoking, total energy intake, physical activity, parity, fast-food consumption, adherence to Mediterranean dietary pattern, alcohol intake, multiple pregnancy, cardiovascular disease/hypertension at baseline, fiber intake, following special diet and snacking, SSSD consumption was significantly associated with an increased risk of incident GDM, with multivariable adjusted odds ratios (OR) of 2.03 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.25–3.31) and 1.67 (95% CI: 1.01–2.77) for the highest and intermediate categories, respectively, versus the lowest category (p for linear trend: 0.006). Conversely, DSD consumption was not associated with GDM incidence (adjusted OR: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.52–1.31) for the highest versus the lowest category (p for linear trend: 0.258). Additional sensitivity analyses did not change the results. Conclusion: Higher consumption of SSSDs before pregnancy was an independent risk factor for GDM, however, no association was observed between DSD consumption and GDM risk. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism
Pregnancy outcomes in women with an early diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: To examine pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) based on the timing of diagnosis. Method: We compared demographics, blood sugars and outcomes between women diagnosed before (n = 167) or after 24 weeks’ gestation (n = 1202) in a single hospital between 2009 and 2012. Because early screening is risk-based we used propensity score modelling and conditional logistic regression to account for systematic differences. Results: Women diagnosed with GDM before 24 weeks were more likely to be obese and they were less likely to have excess gestational weight gain (35 vs. 45%, p = 0.04). Early diagnosis was associated with more frequent therapy including glyburide (65 vs. 56%, p < 0.001) and insulin (19 vs 6%, p < 0.001). After propensity score modelling and accounting for covariates, early diagnosis was associated with an increased risk for macrosomia (OR 2, 95% 1–4.15, p = 0.0498). Early diagnosis was not associated with other adverse outcomes. In a subgroup analysis comparing women treated with glyburide prior to 24 weeks compared to those diagnosed after 24 weeks, early diagnosis in women treated with glyburide was associated with an increased risk for macrosomia (OR 2.3, 95% CI 1.1–5.4, P = 0.04). Conclusion: Women diagnosed with GDM before 24 weeks have unique features, are at risk for adverse outcomes, and require targeted approaches to therapy. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Obstructive sleep apnea in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal outcomes: a national cohort; Objective Pregnancy and the obesity epidemic impacting women of reproductive age appear to predispose women to obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) in pregnancy. The aim of this study is to examine the association between OSA and adverse maternal outcomes in a national cohort. Methods The National Perinatal Information Center in the US was used to identify women with a delivery discharge diagnosis of OSA from 2010 to 2014. We used the International Classification of Diseases, ninth Revision to classify OSA diagnosis and maternal outcomes. Measurements The sample consisted of 1,577,632 gravidas with a rate of OSA of 0.12% (N = 1963). There was a significant association between OSA and preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 2.22, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.94–2.54), eclampsia (aOR 2.95, 1.08–8.02), and gestational diabetes (aOR 1.51, 1.34–1.72) after adjusting for a comprehensive list of covariates which includes maternal obesity. OSA status was also associated with a 2.5–3.5-fold increase in risk of severe complications such as cardiomyopathy, congestive heart failure, and hysterectomy. Length of hospital stay was significantly longer (5.1 + 5.6 vs 3.0 + 3.0 days, p < 0.001) and odds of an admission to an intensive care unit higher (aOR 2.74, 2.36–3.18) in women with OSA. Conclusions Compared to pregnant women without OSA, pregnant women with OSA have a significantly higher risk of pregnancy-specific complications such as gestational hypertensive conditions and gestational diabetes, and rare medical and surgical complications such as cardiomyopathy, pulmonary edema, congestive heart failure, and hysterectomy. OSA diagnosis was also associated with a longer hospital stay and significantly increased odds for admission to the intensive care unit. © 2017 Elsevier B.V.
From sea to shining sea and the great plains to patagonia: A review on current knowledge of diabetes mellitus in hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America; The past two decades have witnessed many advances in the prevention, treatment, and control of diabetes mellitus (DM) and its complications. Increased screening has led to a greater recognition of type 2 diabetes mellitus (type 2 DM) and prediabetes; however, Hispanics/Latinos, the largest minority group in the US, have not fully benefited from these advances. The Hispanic/Latino population is highly diverse in ancestries, birth places, cultures, languages, and socioeconomic backgrounds, and it populates most of the Western Hemisphere. In the US, the prevalence of DM varies among Hispanic/Latino heritage groups, being higher among Mexicans, Puerto Ricans, and Dominicans, and lower among South Americans. The risk and prevalence of diabetes among Hispanics/Latinos are significantly higher than in non-Hispanic Whites, and nearly 40% of Hispanics/Latinos with diabetes have not been formally diagnosed. Despite these striking facts, the representation of Hispanics/Latinos in pharmacological and non-pharmacological clinical trials has been suboptimal, while the prevalence of diabetes in these populations continues to rise. This review will focus on the epidemiology, etiology and prevention of type 2 DM in populations of Latin American origin. We will set the stage by defining the terms Hispanic, Latino, and Latin American, explaining the challenges identifying Hispanics/Latinos in the scientific literature and databases, describing the epidemiology of diabetes-including type 2 DM and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-and cardiovascular risk factors in Hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America, and discussing trends, and commonalities and differences across studies and populations, including methodology to ascertain diabetes. We will discuss studies on mechanisms of disease, and research on prevention of type 2 DM in Hispanics/Latinos, including women with GDM, youth and adults; and finalize with a discussion on lessons learned and opportunities to enhance research, and, consequently, clinical care oriented toward preventing type 2 DM in Hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America. © 2017 Avilés-Santa, Colón-Ramos, Lindberg, Mattei, Pasquel and Pérez.
Gestational diabetes alters the fetal heart rate variability during an oral glucose tolerance test: a fetal magnetocardiography study; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) potentially harms the child before birth. We previously found GDM to be associated with developmental changes in the central nervous system. We now hypothesise that GDM may also impact on the fetal autonomic nervous system under metabolic stress like an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Design: We measured heart rate variability (HRV) of mothers and fetuses during a three-point OGTT using fetal magnetocardiography (fMCG). Setting: Measurements were performed in the fMEG Centre in Tübingen. Population: After exclusion of 23 participants, 13 pregnant women with GDM and 36 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance were examined. Methods: All women underwent the same examination setting with OGTT during which fMCG was recorded three times. Main outcome measure(s): Parameters of heart rate variability were measured. Results: Compared with mothers with normal glucose regulation, mothers with GDM showed increased heart rate but no significant differences of maternal HRV. In contrast, HRV in fetuses of mothers with GDM differed from those in the metabolically healthy group regarding standard deviation normal to normal beat (SDNN) (P = 0.012), low-frequency band (P = 0.008) and high-frequency band (P = 0.031). These HRV parameters exhibit a decrease only in GDM fetuses during the second hour of the OGTT. Conclusions: These results show an altered response of the fetal autonomic nervous system to metabolic stress in GDM-complicated pregnancies. Hence, disturbances in maternal glucose metabolism might not only impact on the central nervous system of the fetus but may also affect the fetal autonomic nervous system. Tweetable abstract: Metabolic stress reveals a different response of fetal autonomic nervous system in GDM-complicated pregnancies. © 2016 Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists
Gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease up to 25 years after pregnancy: a retrospective cohort study; Aims: The risk of cardiovascular disease in women with gestational diabetes is poorly understood. We sought to determine whether gestational diabetes increases the risk of cardiovascular disease more than two decades after pregnancy. Methods: We carried out a retrospective cohort study of 1,070,667 women who delivered infants in hospitals within Quebec, Canada, between 1989 and 2013. We followed 67,356 women with gestational diabetes and 1,003,311 without gestational diabetes for a maximum of 25.2 years after the index delivery. The main outcome measures were hospitalization for ischemic heart disease, myocardial infarction, coronary angioplasty, coronary artery bypass graft, and other cardiovascular disorders. We used Cox regression to estimate hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) comparing women with gestational diabetes to no gestational diabetes, adjusted for age, parity, socioeconomic deprivation, time period, and preeclampsia. Results: Women with gestational diabetes had a higher cumulative incidence of hospitalization for cardiovascular disease 25 years after delivery (190.8 per 1000 women) compared with no gestational diabetes (117.8 per 1000 women). Gestational diabetes was associated with a higher risk of ischemic heart disease (HR 1.23, 95% CI 1.12–1.36), myocardial infarction (HR 2.14, 95% CI 1.15–2.47), coronary angioplasty (HR 2.23, 95% CI 1.87–2.65), and coronary artery bypass graft (HR 3.16, 95% CI 2.24–4.47). Conclusions: In this population of pregnant women, gestational diabetes was associated with an increased risk of heart disease 25 years after delivery. Women with gestational diabetes may merit closer monitoring for cardiovascular disease prevention after pregnancy. © 2018, Springer-Verlag Italia S.r.l., part of Springer Nature.
Obesity in pregnancy; The prevalence of obesity has reached alarming proportions globally, and continues to rise in both developed and developing countries. Maternal obesity has become one of the most commonly occurring risk factors in obstetric practice. For the mother, obesity increases the risk of obstetric complications during the antenatal, intrapartum and postnatal period, as well as contributing to technical difficulties with fetal assessment. The offspring of obese mothers also have a higher rate of perinatal morbidity and an increased risk of long-term health problems. © 2017
Management of monochorionic monoamniotic twins: Case reports and a review of literatures; Monochorionic monoamniotic (MCMA) twins are rare but are associated with higher morbidity and mortality rates than monochorionic diamniotic (MCDA) twins. Although the prenatal prognosis of MCMA pregnancy has improved with advanced prenatal care, no consensus has been reached for the management for MCMA twins. Here, the authors report two cases of MCMA twin pregnancies diagnosed at 30 weeks of gestation and complicated with congenital heart disease, respectively, with a review of literature on MCMA twin pregnancies. © 2018 S.O.G. Canada Inc.All rights reserved.
Incidence and risk factors of venous thromboembolism during postpartum period: a population-based cohort-study; Introduction: The awareness of the incidence and timing of postpartum venous thromboembolic events guides the use of thromboprophylaxis. Our aims were to assess the incidence and mortality of venous thromboembolic events and identify its associated risk factors during different postpartum periods. Material and methods: A population-based controlled cohort study by combining four large registers in 2001–2011. All women with a recent delivery were identified. The incidence, risk factors and mortality of venous thromboembolic events 0–180 days after delivery were assessed by using all healthy delivered women as the control group. The incidence was compared with that of the nonpregnant women. Results: Among the 634 292 delivered women, 1169 had venous thromboembolic events 0–180 days postpartum. The incidence of venous thromboembolic events was highest during the first week postpartum: 37-fold compared with nonpregnant women, declining to two-fold immediately after that. Almost half of the venous thromboembolic events occurred between 43 and 180 days postpartum. The incidence of venous thromboembolic events was four-fold compared with that of nonpregnant women. Three venous thromboembolic events-related deaths occurred. Older age, higher body mass index, thrombophilia, multiple pregnancy, gestational diabetes, anemia, chorioamnionitis, threatening premature birth, in vitro fertilization with ovarian hyperstimulation, primiparity, cesarean section, cardiac/renal diseases, and varicose veins were associated with an increased risk for postpartum venous thromboembolic events. The risk remained elevated for 180 days in women with thrombophilia, cesarean section, multiple pregnancy, varicose veins, and cardiac disease. Conclusions: The risk of venous thromboembolic events remained elevated compared with that of the nonpregnant women after the usually defined postpartum period (6 weeks). The results might assist in selecting women in need of thromboprophylaxis. © 2017 Nordic Federation of Societies of Obstetrics and Gynecology
Conjoint Associations of Gestational Diabetes and Hypertension with Diabetes, Hypertension, and Cardiovascular Disease in Parents: A Retrospective Cohort Study; The conjoint association of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational hypertension (GH) with cardiometabolic disease has not been well studied. We evaluated a combined GDM/GH risk indicator in both mothers and fathers because of shared spousal behaviors and environments. In the present population-based retrospective cohort study, GH was identified in matched pairs of mothers with GDM or without GDM (matched on age group, health region, and year of delivery) who had singleton live births in Quebec, Canada (1990-2007). A total of 64,232 couples were categorized based on GDM/GH status (neither, either, or both). Associations with diabetes, hypertension, and a composite of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality were evaluated using Cox proportional hazard models (from 12 weeks postpartum to March 2012). Compared with having neither GDM nor GH, having either was associated with incident diabetes (hazard ratio (HR) = 14.7, 95% confidence interval (CI): 12.9, 16.6), hypertension (HR = 1.9, 95% CI: 1.8, 2.0), and CVD/mortality (HR = 1.4, 95% CI: 1.2, 1.7). We found associations of greater magnitude among participants who had both (for diabetes, HR = 36.9, 95% CI: 26.0, 52.3; for hypertension, HR = 5.7, 95% CI: 4.9, 6.7; and for CVD/mortality, HR = 2.4, 95% CI: 1.6, 3.5). Associations with diabetes were also observed in fathers (for either, HR = 1.2, 95% CI: 1.1, 1.3; for both, HR = 1.8, 95% CI: 1.4, 2.3). In conclusion, we found associations of a combined GDM/GH indicator with cardiometabolic disease in mothers and with diabetes in fathers, with stronger associations when both GDM and GH were present. © 2017 The Author(s).
Transient severe right ventricular hypertrophy of unknown aetiology in a neonate; Right ventricular hypertrophy is a rare pathology in newborns. Known aetiological factors of cardiac hypertrophy in neonates include hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, congenital heart disease, gestational diabetes, and premature closure of the ductus arteriosus. We present a clinical case of a term neonate diagnosed with a severe hypertrophy of the right ventricles with an undetermined cause, which disappeared within a five-week period. © 2018 Termedia Publishing House Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Comprehensive primary prevention of cardiovascular disease in women; Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) remains the leading cause of mortality in women. Historically, medical research has focused on male patients, and subsequently, there has been decreased awareness of the burden of ASCVD in females until recent years. The biological differences between sexes and differences in societal expectations defined by gender roles contribute to gender differences in ASCVD risk factors. With these differing risk profiles, risk assessment, risk stratification, and primary preventive measures of ASCVD are different in women and men. In this review article, clinicians will understand the risk factors unique to women, such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and those that disproportionately affect them such as autoimmune disorders. With these conditions in mind, the approach to ASCVD risk assessment and stratification in women will be discussed. Furthermore, the literature behind the effects of primary preventive measures in women, including lifestyle modifications, aspirin, statins, and anticoagulation, will be reviewed. The aim of this review article was to ultimately improve ASCVD primary prevention by reducing gender disparities through education of physicians. © 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Epidemiology of gestational diabetes mellitus according to IADPSG/WHO 2013 criteria among obese pregnant women in Europe; Aims/hypothesis: Accurate prevalence estimates for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) among pregnant women in Europe are lacking owing to the use of a multitude of diagnostic criteria and screening strategies in both high-risk women and the general pregnant population. Our aims were to report important risk factors for GDM development and calculate the prevalence of GDM in a cohort of women with BMI ≥29 kg/m2 across 11 centres in Europe using the International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG)/WHO 2013 diagnostic criteria. Methods: Pregnant women (n = 1023, 86.3% European ethnicity) with a BMI ≥29.0 kg/m2 enrolled into the Vitamin D and Lifestyle Intervention for GDM Prevention (DALI) pilot, lifestyle and vitamin D studies of this pan-European multicentre trial, attended for an OGTT during pregnancy. Demographic, anthropometric and metabolic data were collected at enrolment and throughout pregnancy. GDM was diagnosed using IADPSG/WHO 2013 criteria. GDM treatment followed local policies. Results: The number of women recruited per country ranged from 80 to 217, and the dropout rate was 7.1%. Overall, 39% of women developed GDM during pregnancy, with no significant differences in prevalence across countries. The prevalence of GDM was high (24%; 242/1023) in early pregnancy. Despite interventions used in the DALI study, a further 14% (94/672) had developed GDM when tested at mid gestation (24–28 weeks) and 13% (59/476) of the remaining cohort at late gestation (35–37 weeks). Demographics and lifestyle factors were similar at baseline between women with GDM and those who maintained normal glucose tolerance. Previous GDM (16.5% vs 7.9%, p = 0.002), congenital malformations (6.4% vs 3.3%, p = 0.045) and a baby with macrosomia (31.4% vs 17.9%, p = 0.001) were reported more frequently in those who developed GDM. Significant anthropometric and metabolic differences were already present in early pregnancy between women who developed GDM and those who did not. Conclusions/interpretation: The prevalence of GDM diagnosed by the IADPSG/WHO 2013 GDM criteria in European pregnant women with a BMI ≥29.0 kg/m2 is substantial, and poses a significant health burden to these pregnancies and to the future health of the mother and her offspring. Uniform criteria for GDM diagnosis, supported by robust evidence for the benefits of treatment, are urgently needed to guide modern GDM screening and treatment strategies. © 2017, The Author(s).
Epidemiological profile and obstetric outcomes of patients with peripartum congestive heart failure in Taiwan: A retrospective nationwide study; Background: During pregnancy, the hyperdynamic physiology of circulation can exacerbate many cardiovascular disorders. Congestive heart failure (CHF) usually occurs during late pregnancy, which is significantly associated with a high level of maternal and neonatal morbidities and mortalities. The profile of women who develop peripartum CHF (PCHF) is unknown. We investigated the epidemiological profiles of PCHF. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study, PCHF patients were identified using International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) codes in Taiwan's National Health Insurance Research Database. Risk factors and obstetric outcomes were compared in women with and without PCHF. Results: From 2,115,873 birth-mothers in Taiwan between 1997 and 2013, we identified 512 with PCHF (incidence: 24.20/105). More women with than without PCHF were older (≥ 35, 18.16% vs. 9.62%), and had more multifetal gestations (7.42% vs. 1.40%), gestational hypertension (HTN) (19.2% vs. 1.31%), and gestational diabetes mellitus (4.10% vs. 0.67%). After the analysis had been adjusted for confounders, the leading comorbidities associated with PCHF were structural heart diseases (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 67.21; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 54.29-83.22), pulmonary diseases (aOR: 13.12; 95% CI: 10.28-16.75), chronic HTN (aOR: 11.27; 95% CI: 6.94-18.28), thyroid disease (aOR: 9.53; 95% CI: 5.27-17.23), and gestational HTN (aOR: 5.16; 95% CI: 3.89-6.85). PCHF patients also had a higher rate of cesarean sections (66.41% vs. 34.46%; p < 0.0001). Conclusion: Maternal structural heart diseases, pulmonary diseases, thyroid disorders, and preexisting or gestational HTN are associated with a higher risk of developing PCHF. Birth-mothers with PCHF also had a higher risk of caesarean section and adverse outcomes, including maternal death. Our findings should benefit healthcare providers, and government and health insurance policy makers. © 2017 The Author(s).
Increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: A population-based cohort study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with developing type 2 diabetes, but very few studies have examined its effect on developing cardiovascular disease. Methods and findings: We conducted a retrospective cohort study utilizing a large primary care database in the United Kingdom. From 1 February 1990 to 15 May 2016, 9,118 women diagnosed with GDM were identified and randomly matched with 37,281 control women by age and timing of pregnancy (up to 3 months). Adjusted incidence rate ratios (IRRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated for cardiovascular risk factors and cardiovascular disease. Women with GDM were more likely to develop type 2 diabetes (IRR = 21.96; 95% CI 18.31–26.34) and hypertension (IRR = 1.85; 95% CI 1.59–2.16) after adjusting for age, Townsend (deprivation) quintile, body mass index, and smoking. For ischemic heart disease (IHD), the IRR was 2.78 (95% CI 1.37–5.66), and for cerebrovascular disease 0.95 (95% CI 0.51–1.77; p-value = 0.87), after adjusting for the above covariates and lipid-lowering medication and hypertension at baseline. Follow-up screening for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors was poor. Limitations include potential selective documentation of severe GDM for women in primary care, higher surveillance for outcomes in women diagnosed with GDM than control women, and a short median follow-up postpartum period, with a small number of outcomes for IHD and cerebrovascular disease. Conclusions: Women diagnosed with GDM were at very high risk of developing type 2 diabetes and had a significantly increased incidence of hypertension and IHD. Identifying this group of women in general practice and targeting cardiovascular risk factors could improve long-term outcomes. © 2018 Daly et al.
Maternal metabolic diseases related to pre-pregnancy overweight and obesity in mexican women with high risk pregnancy; Introduction Pre-pregnancy obesity has been proposed as a risk factor related to gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders during pregnancy. Objectives Identify pregnancy related diseases associated with pre-pregnancy obesity as a risk factor ina high risk preganancy patient population. Methods 600 patients whose pre-pregnancy obesity had been assessed as a high risk factor were included in the study. The means, standard deviation, median, interquartile intervals, Pearson and Spearman correlation and logistic regression to estimate risk with the odds ratio and 95% confidence intervals were calculated. Results The mean pre-pregnancy body mass index was 29.59 ± 6.42 kg/m2. The mean for recommended pregnancy weight gain was 2.31 ± 1.03 kg, but the mean of real weight gain was 8.91 ± 6.84 kg. A significant correlation between pre-pregnancy obesity and family history of diabetes mellitus (p = 0.000), systemic hypertension (p = 0.003), cardiac diseases (p = 0.000), dyslipidemia (p = 0.000) and obesity (p = 0.000) was identified. Pre-pregnancy obesity was identified as a risk factor for the development of gestational diabetes (OR: 1.95; IC95%: 1.39 to 2.76; p = 0.000) in this kind of patient. Discussion and conclusion 75% of high risk pregnancy women in a high specialty hospital in West Mexico are overweight or obese when they become pregnant. These are risk factors in the development of gestational diabetes. © 2016 Academia Mexicana de Cirugía A.C.
Maternal dyslipidaemia in pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus: Possible impact on foetoplacental vascular function and lipoproteins in the neonatal circulation; Dyslipidaemia occurs in pregnancy to secure foetal development. The mother shows a physiological increase in plasma total cholesterol and Triglycerides (TG) as pregnancy progresses (i.e. maternal physiological dyslipidaemia in pregnancy). However, in some women pregnancy-associated dyslipidaemia exceeds this physiological adaptation. The consequences of this condition on the developing fetus include endothelial dysfunction of the foetoplacental vasculature and development of foetal aortic atherosclerosis. Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) associates with abnormal function of the foetoplacental vasculature due to foetal hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinaemia, and associates with development of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Supraphysiological dyslipidaemia is also detected in GDM pregnancies. Although there are several studies showing the alteration in the maternal and neonatal lipid profile in GDM pregnancies, there are no studies addressing the effect of dyslipidaemia in the maternal and foetal vasculature. The literature reviewed suggests that dyslipidaemia in GDM pregnancy should be an additional factor contributing to worsen GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction by altering signalling pathways involving nitric oxide bioavailability and neonatal lipoproteins. © 2019 Bentham Science Publishers.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: Post-partum risk and follow up; Background: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at an increased risk for developing metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and cardiovascular disease. In this review, we will discuss postpartum cardiovascular and diabetes risk in women with a history of GDM and different ways to improve postpartum screening. Methods: This review involves a comprehensive literature review on gestational diabetes and postpartum risk for cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus as well as post-partum screening methods. Results: Cardiovascular risk post-partum is potentiated by increased inflammatory markers leading to worsening atherosclerosis and cardiovascular events downstream. Decreased insulin sensitivity and β cell compensation, recurrent GDM, maternal factors such as pre and post-partum weight gain and lactation may contribute to T2DM risk. Postpartum glucose testing is essential in screening women as hyperglycemia in pregnancy has long term effects on both cardiovascular disease and diabetes risk on the mother. Conclusion: Long and short term improvement to post-partum glucose testing is essential to decreasing cardiometabolic and diabetes risk in women with gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2018 Bentham Science Publishers.
Relationship between vitamin D and gestational diabetes in overweight or obese pregnant women may be mediated by adiponectin; Scope: Maternal vitamin D deficiency has been implicated in adverse pregnancy outcomes. However, the association between vitamin D and inflammation, particularly adipokines, remains unexplored in pregnancy. Methods and results: In 102 overweight or obese pregnant women at high-risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), we investigated relationships between maternal 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentrations at 12–15 wk gestation (baseline) and serum lipids, inflammatory markers, novel adipokines (omentin-1, visfatin, high molecular weight (HMW) adiponectin), and subsequent pregnancy outcomes (GDM, preeclampsia, preterm birth [PTB]). After adjustment for maternal factors (age, BMI, parity, ethnicity, and smoking status), baseline 25(OH)D concentrations were inversely associated with total cholesterol and triglycerides, and positively associated with HMW-adiponectin. Higher baseline 25(OH)D concentrations were associated with decreased fasting and 1-h post-OGTT glucose and reduced risk of GDM at 26–28 wk, as well as with longer gestation and reduced risk of PTB upon additional adjustment for caesarean section. Adding HMW-adiponectin to the multivariable models attenuated most associations, and HMW-adiponectin was a significant predictor in the models. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that lower maternal 25(OH)D concentrations in overweight/obese pregnant women at high-risk of GDM are associated with increased cardiometabolic risks during pregnancy and adverse pregnancy outcomes, and that these associations may be mediated by HMW-adiponectin. © 2017 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim
Duration of puberty in preterm girls; Objectives: Preterm birth is associated with altered pubertal timing, but the effect on pubertal duration has rarely been assessed. Here, we tested the hypothesis that preterm birth is associated with shorter duration of puberty among girls in Hong Kong where preterm birth has little social patterning. Methods: In the population-representative Chinese birth cohort “Children of 1997”, we used multivariable linear regression to assess the association of preterm status (≤36 completed gestational weeks, n = 170; term birth 37–42 gestational weeks, n = 3476) with duration of puberty, adjusted for parent's highest education, mother's place of birth, maternal smoking during pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and mother's age of menarche. Results: The mean duration from thelarche to menarche was 2.53 years. Preterm girls had a shorter duration from thelarche to menarche by 2.6 months, 95% confidence interval 0.5–4.7 months. Age of menarche did not differ by preterm status but preterm girls had later thelarche. Preterm birth was not associated with a shorter duration from pubarche to menarche. Conclusions: Preterm births may be associated with shorter duration of puberty from thelarche to menarche, possibly through effects of in utero estrogen exposure, the drivers of thelarche, or the drivers of pubertal duration/progression, with potential implications for subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease and hormonal cancers. © 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Evaluation of acquired thrombocytopenia in neonatal intensive care unit;                              Objective: Thrombocytopenia has recently become a significant problem in patients admitted to neonatal intensive care unit. In this population, the cases of acquired thrombocytopenia is more noteworthy. In this study, it was aimed to evaluate the causes of acquired thrombocytopenia in the neonatal intensive care unit. Methods: Total of 588 infants, who admitted to NICU between 2013-2014, enrolled in the study and they were divided into three groups according to their platelet levels; mild (100-150×10                             9                             /mm                             3                             ), moderate (50-99×10                             9                             /mm                             3                             ) and severe (<50×10                             9                             /mm                             3                             ) thrombocytopenia. Infants Infants were classified into two groups according to the time at onset; early onset (within first 72 hours) and late-onset (after 72 hours) thrombocytopenia. Prenatal risk factors for thrombocytopenia; maternal hypertension and gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, delivery mode and active resuscitation at birth, perinatal asphyxia and neonatal risk factors; gestational age, gender, comorbid diagnoses were studied. Results: Thrombocytopenia was seen in 79 of 588 cases (13.4%). 28 (35.0%) of them had mild, 24 (30.0%) had moderate and 27 (34.0%) severe thrombocytopenia. Infants with early onset thrombocytopenia were 56.9% (n=45) of cases. 60.0% of neonates (n=48) were preterm, 40.0% of neonates was the term. 40.0% of cases were girls. According to the mode of delivery, 58 neonates were born by cesarean section. 43 babies were (54.0%) initially actively resuscitated in the delivery room. The most common neonatal factor was perinatal asphyxia. The most common diagnosis were related with respiratory problems (respiratory distress syndrome, congenital pneumonia, transient tachypnea of the newborn, meconium aspiration syndrome) (n=47) and the other diagnosis were hyperbilirubinemia (ABO incompatibility) (n=12), sepsis (n=9), congenital heart diseases (n=4), convulsion (n=2), hypoglycemia (n=2), Down syndrome (n=1), nutrition intolerance (n=1), Pierre Robin Syndrome (n=1). Conclusion: In the neonatal intensive care unit, thrombocytopenia incidence was determined as 13.4%. Maternal hypertension, pre-eclampsia, and prematurity were prominent risk factors for early onset thrombocytopenia, neonatal sepsis was the prominent factor of late-onset thrombocytopenia in newborn.                          © 2018 Yerkure Tanitim ve Yayincilik. All rights reserved.
Maternal Cardiovascular Disease After Pregnancy Complications; During pregnancy, most maternal organ systems increase in function or size. This is indeed also the case for cardiovascular function and maternal hemodynamics. Most systems show enormous changes that put a serious strain on these systems. Gestational complications develop when an organ system is unable to meet the increased physiological demands of pregnancy. Pregnancy can be considered as the ultimate stress test for these organ systems. Preeclampsia may be considered as a derangement of the hemodynamic and cardiovascular system during pregnancy. Delivery eventually solves the problem, but this is only a transient relief. During later life the hemodynamic and cardiovascular system again derails when aging takes its toll. Cardiovascular morbidity and mortality is greatly increased after pregnancies afflicted by gestational complications. This is true not only for preeclampsia and other hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, but also for gestational complications such as preterm delivery, gestational diabetes, fetal growth restriction and placental abruption. Excessive weight gain and weight retention postpartum also pose risks for maternal health in later life. Gestational complications have to be acknowledged by health care providers as a risk factor for later cardiovascular disease. The care of women after previous gestational complications has to be focused on prevention and early detection of signs of cardiovascular deterioration. Specific prevention programs are needed for this group of future patients. © Cambridge University Press 2018.
Prediction of uncomplicated pregnancies in obese women: A prospective multicentre study; Background: All obese pregnant women are considered at equal high risk with respect to complications in pregnancy and birth, and are commonly managed through resource-intensive care pathways. However, the identification of maternal characteristics associated with normal pregnancy outcomes could assist in the management of these pregnancies. The present study aims to identify the factors associated with uncomplicated pregnancy and birth in obese women, and to assess their predictive performance. Methods: Data form obese women (BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2) with singleton pregnancies included in the UPBEAT trial were used in this analysis. Multivariable logistic regression was used to identify sociodemographic, clinical and biochemical factors at 15+0 to 18+6 weeks' gestation associated with uncomplicated pregnancy and birth, defined as delivery of a term live-born infant without antenatal or labour complications. Predictive performance was assessed using area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC). Internal validation and calibration were also performed. Women were divided into fifths of risk and pregnancy outcomes were compared between groups. Sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values were calculated using the upper fifth as the positive screening group. Results: Amongst 1409 participants (BMI 36.4, SD 4.8 kg/m2), the prevalence of uncomplicated pregnancy and birth was 36% (505/1409). Multiparity and increased plasma adiponectin, maternal age, systolic blood pressure and HbA1c were independently associated with uncomplicated pregnancy and birth. These factors achieved an AUROC of 0.72 (0.68-0.76) and the model was well calibrated. Prevalence of gestational diabetes, preeclampsia and other hypertensive disorders, preterm birth, and postpartum haemorrhage decreased whereas spontaneous vaginal delivery increased across the fifths of increasing predicted risk of uncomplicated pregnancy and birth. Sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values were 38%, 89%, 63% and 74%, respectively. A simpler model including clinical factors only (no biomarkers) achieved an AUROC of 0.68 (0.65-0.71), with sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values of 31%, 86%, 56% and 69%, respectively. Conclusion: Clinical factors and biomarkers can be used to help stratify pregnancy and delivery risk amongst obese pregnant women. Further studies are needed to explore alternative pathways of care for obese women demonstrating different risk profiles for uncomplicated pregnancy and birth. © 2017 The Author(s).
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and future maternal cardiovascular disease; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death in women. Although traditional risk factors increase later-life CVD, pregnancy-associated complications additionally influence future CVD risk in women. Recent guidelines for the prevention of CVD in women have added adverse pregnancy outcomes as major CVD risk factors. Studies have shown that women with a history of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, and delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant have an increased risk of developing cardiometabolic risk factors and subsequent CVD. A history of multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes further increases this risk. It has been suggested that these pregnancy complications may unmask preexisting elevated CVD risk; however, whether the pathophysiologic changes underlying these conditions directly result in long-term cardiovascular damage is unclear. The purpose of this review was to highlight the associations between adverse pregnancy outcomes and future CVD, and to emphasize the importance of considering pregnancy history in assessing a woman's CVD risk. Targeted efforts to initiate screening and risk-reduction strategies in women with prior history of pregnancy complications, particularly lifestyle modification, may help decrease the burden of CVD in women. © 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Arterial stiffness in fertile women with metabolic syndrome; Introduction: Although metabolic syndrome (MetS) is evidently associated with the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), recently its use has been questioned. We studied the utility of MetS diagnosis when estimating individual CVD risk. Methods: We compared 27 fertile women with MetS and 27 counterparts without the syndrome, matched pairwise according to well-known risk factors of CVD. Pulse wave velocity (PWV) and central blood pressure (cBP) were determined noninvasively via a SphygmoCor device. Arterial compliance was measured noninvasively with an HDI/PulseWaveTMCR-2000 arterial tonometer. Results: PWV (7.1 ± 2.5 versus 6.5 ± 1.1 m/s, p =.037), and both systolic (120.9 ± 12.2 versus 111.5 ± 16.0 mmHg, p =.031) and diastolic cBP (81.3 ± 8.5 versus 74.1 ± 11.2 mmHg, p =.035) were higher in the MetS group. Systemic arterial compliance values were lower in both large (15.1 ± 8.0 versus 16.1 ± 4.4 mL/mmHg × 10, p =.034) and small arteries (7.1 ± 2.5 versus 9.3 ± 3.2 mL/mmHg ×100, p =.010) in women with MetS. Conclusions: Fertile women with MetS had increased arterial stiffness, as measured by three different methods. Our results highlight the utility of MetS when revealing increased individual CVD risks in fertile-aged women.Key messages Women with MetS have increased arterial stiffness when measured by different methods. MetS is a useful clinical tool to assess increased cardiovascular risk, particularly among fertile-aged women. © 2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Metabolic syndrome: Sex-related cardiovascular risk & therapeutic approach; Background: The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of risk factors for the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). According to several meta-analyses, it has been shown that the cardiovascular (CV) risk conferred by the MetS is higher in women in comparison with men. There are many possible reasons to explain a higher CV risk in women with MetS: The most important differences can be attributed to distribution of central adiposity, lipid profile and hormones, but also differences in platelet biology and biochemistry play an important role. Methods: In this article we performed a research using PubMed database reviewing the evidence in literature (in particular clinical trials and meta-analyses) or lack of evidence/ biased information regarding the distribution by gender of MetS components and associated CV risk and we intended to provide a consequent gender perspective to the treatment of MetS and CV risk. Results: Twenty-three papers were evaluated searching for sex differences in the prevalence of MetS and CV risk. We also identified fifty-six papers dealing with sex differences in adiposity, insulin resistance and hormonal regulation. In terms of gender-specific expression of MetS in chronic disease we analyzed thirty-one papers focusing the attention on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, rheumatoid arthritis and HIV infection. We also evaluated twenty papers focusing on gender differences in platelet biology/reactivity and thirty-three papers on the gender approach in the treatment of MetS. The CV risk conferred by MetS segregates differently according to gender; differences between sexes may depend on the different representation of MetS components, gender-specific genetic, acquired metabolic and hormonal milieu and finally on a differential interaction between known risk factors and genderspecific properties, resulting in different degrees of pathophysiological events eventually leading to atherothrombosis. Regarding a potential sex-related therapeutic approach, even if gender-related differences exist in the pharmacokinetics of drugs for differences in body composition, plasma protein binding, metabolizing enzymes and difference in excretion characteristics, we have to acknowledge that women are under-represented in clinical trials, thus preventing from adequately challenging the efficacy and safety of drugs in this gender. Conclusion: While ncreasing knowledge exists regarding pathophysiological differences between genders in the prevalence of MetS components as well as in the associated cardiometabolic risk, underrepresentation of women in clinical trials and underutilization of guideline therapy, for instance in women with ischemic heart disease, largely flaw the interpretation of epidemiological and clinical evidence. Efforts should be undertaken to fight the so-called "Yentl syndrome" and to promote gender-specific drug trials, or at least studies where subgroup analyses by gender are pre-specified. ©2017 Bentham Science Publishers.
Distribution of soluble suppression of tumorigenicity 2 (sST2), N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP), high sensitive troponin I and high-sensitive troponin T in umbilical cord blood; Soluble suppression of tumorigenicity 2 (sST2), N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP), high sensitive troponin I (hs-TnI), and high sensitive troponin T (hs-TnT) are representative cardiac biomarkers. The reference intervals (RIs) of these biomarkers have been rarely investigated in umbilical cord blood (UCB). We explored the distribution of these cardiac markers and established their RIs in UCB. In a total of 293 UCB specimens, sST2, NT-proBNP, hs-TnI, and hs-TnT concentrations were analyzed according to the gestational age, presence of premature membrane rupture (PROM), presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and Apgar score at 1 min. Their RIs were defined in 133 UCB specimens from healthy, full-term neonates, using non-parametric percentile methods according to the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute guideline (EP28-A3C). The concentrations of four cardiac markers in UCB were different between full-term neonates and pre-term neonates. The concentrations of NT-proBNP and hs-TnI differed according to the presence or absence of PROM. Their concentrations did not differ regardless of the presence of GDM. The concentrations of sST2 and NT-proBNP differed according to the Apgar score at 1 min. The 97.5th percentile upper reference limits were: sST2, 59.9 ng/mL; NT pro-BNP, 1415.3 pg/mL; hs-TnI, 27.8 pg/mL; and hs-TnT, 86.5 pg/mL. The distribution of sST2, NT pro-BNP, hs-TnI, and hs-TnT in UCB together with their RIs would provide fundamental data for future researches and clinical practice. © 2016 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Pregnancies after the diagnosis of mild gestational diabetes mellitus and risk of cardiometabolic disorders; OBJECTIVE: To assess the association of subsequent pregnancy with subsequent metabolic syndrome and type II diabetes mellitus after a pregnancy complicated by mild gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: We conducted a prospective observational follow-up study of women with mild GDM randomized from 2002 to 2007 to usual care or dietary intervention and glucose self-monitoring. Women were evaluated 5-10 years after the parent study. Participants were grouped according to the number of subsequent pregnancies (group A, none [reference]; group B, one; group C, two or greater). Serum triglycerides, glucose tolerance, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, blood pressure, and waist circumference were assessed. Metabolic syndrome was diagnosed by American Heart Association and National Heart Lung and Blood Institute criteria. Multivariable regression was used to estimate adjusted relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). RESULTS: Of 905 eligible women from the original trial, 483 agreed to participate, 426 of whom were included in this analysis. Groups A, B, and C consisted of 212, 143, and 71 women, respectively. Of women with subsequent pregnancies, 32% (69/214) had another pregnancy complicated with GDM. No difference between groups was observed for metabolic syndrome (group A, 34%; group B, 33%; group C, 30%). Subsequent pregnancies were associated with diabetes mellitus outside of pregnancy (group A, 5.2%; group B, 10.5%, RR 2.62, 95% CI 1.16-5.91; group C, 11.3%, RR 2.83, 95% CI 1.06-7.59), and if complicated with GDM (no subsequent GDM pregnancy, RR 1.99, 95% CI 0.82-4.84; subsequent GDM pregnancy, RR 3.75, 95% CI 1.60-8.82). CONCLUSION: In women with prior mild GDM, subsequent pregnancies did not increase the frequency of metabolic syndrome, but subsequent pregnancies with GDM increased the risk of diabetes mellitus outside of pregnancy. © 2017 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Pregnancies in Women Aged 45 Years and Older - a 10-Year Retrospective Analysis in Berlin; Introduction Improved fertility treatment options and a change in the socio-cultural concept of family planning, especially in industrialized regions, has led to an increasing number of births by women of advanced maternal age, which is associated with a higher rate of complications. The aim of this study was to analyze pregnancy outcomes in women aged ≥ 45 years in an inner-city German hospital and to compare these results to those of a younger cohort. Materials and Methods Over a 10-year period from January 2004 to May 2015, the pregnancy outcomes of all 186 women aged ≥ 45 years who delivered in our hospital were compared in a 1:1 ratio to those of a cohort of 29-year old women. Results The rates of assisted reproduction (34 vs. 3 ), multiple pregnancies (16 vs. 5 ) and cesarean section (59 vs. 29 ) were significantly increased in the study group. There was an increased risk of preterm delivery (28 vs. 11 ), preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and premature rupture of membranes in the advanced maternal age group. Conclusion Advanced maternal age leads to higher rates of fetal and maternal complications. These findings should be taken into account when planning assisted reproduction and obstetrical care in women with advanced maternal age.
Dysregulation of 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenases: implications during pregnancy and beyond; Glucococorticoids play a critical role in the developmental programing and fetal growth. Key molecules mediating and regulating tissue-specific glucocorticoid actions are 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase (11beta-HSD) type 1 and 2 isozymes, both of which are expressed in the placenta and the fetal membranes. 11beta-HSD1 is implicated in the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome and its dysregulation has been observed in pregnancy-related complications (pre-eclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction). Interestingly, preliminary clinical data have associated certain 11beta-HSD1 gene polymorphisms with hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, suggesting, if confirmed by further targeted studies, it’s potential as a putative prognostic marker. Animal studies and observations in humans have confirmed that 11beta-HSD2 insufficiency is related with pregnancy adversity (pre-eclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, preterm birth). Importantly, down-regulation or deficiency of placental 11beta-HSD2 is associated with significant restriction in fetal growth and low-birth weight, and unfavorable cardio-metabolic profile in adulthood. The potential association of 11beta-HSD1 tissue-specific dysregulation with gestational diabetes, as well as the plausible utility of 11beta-HSD2, as a biomarker of pregnancy adversity and later life morbidity, are emerging areas of intense scientific interest and future investigation. © 2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Distribution and potential significance of intravillous and intrafibrinous particulate microcalcification; Radiologic studies indicate that placental calcifications seen at 28–32 weeks' gestation are associated with adverse fetal outcome. One type of placental calcification is typically located at the basement membrane of chorionic villi. It has a fine particulate appearance and can only be seen microscopically. We have designated these calcifications as Intravillous and Intrafibrinous Particulate MicroCalcification (IPMC). In this study we examined the distribution and potential significance of IPMC. Placentas from 14 groups of fetal and maternal outcomes are examined histologically for IPMC. These groups were preterm birth, post term birth, intrauterine fetal demise, fetuses with non-reassuring heart rates, intrauterine growth restriction, fetal anomalies, mothers with gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, pre-eclampsia and placentas of normal spontaneous vaginal births and placentas with chorioamnionitis, chronic villitis and infarcts. We observed fine dust-like particulates deposited in continuous and discrete patches. The particulates were predominantly located in the basement membranes of fibrotic chorionic villi and in perivillous fibrin. Compared to placentas without adverse outcomes, a higher incidence of IPMC was seen in intrauterine fetal demise cases and in cases with infarcts which suggests that hypoxia played a role in the etiology of IPMC. © 2017
Outcome after implementation of a modern management strategy for intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy; Objective: The aim of this study was to determine whether the institution of a modern management strategy affected pregnancy outcomes for intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP). Methods: We performed a retrospective cohort study of women diagnosed with ICP at one hospital from 2005 to 2013. A new management protocol for ICP was instituted in 2009 for women with total bile acids >40 μmol/L at <36 weeks. This strategy included inpatient admission, continuous fetal heart rate monitoring, with delivery between 36 and 37 weeks. We compared maternal and neonatal outcomes prior and subsequent to the institution of this protocol. Results: We identified 186 singleton gestations with bile acids >40 μmol/L and diagnosis <36 weeks. Patient demographics were similar between the groups, with the exception of greater maternal age and gestational diabetes in the newer cohort. The newer cohort demonstrated a significant reduction in the incidence of stillbirth 0% versus 3.4%, p= 0.035). There was no difference in the age at delivery, cesarean delivery rates or NICU admissions. Conclusion: Application of our management strategy for ICP reduced the stillbirth rate without adversely affecting other maternal and neonatal outcomes. © 2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Windows of Opportunity for Lifestyle Interventions to Prevent Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is linked with several acute maternal health risks and long-term development of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Intrauterine exposure to GDM similarly increases offspring risk of early-life health complications and later disease. GDM recurrence is common, affecting 40 to 73% of women, and augments associated maternal/fetal/child health risks. Modifiable and independent risk factors for GDM include maternal excessive gestational weight gain and prepregnancy overweight and obesity. Lifestyle interventions that target diet, activity, and behavioral strategies can effectively modify body weight. Randomized clinical trials testing the effects of lifestyle interventions during pregnancy to reduce excessive gestational weight gain have generally shown mixed effects on reducing GDM incidence. Trials testing the effects of postpartum lifestyle interventions among women with a history of GDM have shown reduced incidence of diabetes and improved cardiovascular disease risk factors. However, the long-term effects of interpregnancy or prepregnancy lifestyle interventions on subsequent GDM remain unknown. Future adequately powered and well-controlled clinical trials are needed to determine the effects of lifestyle interventions to prevent GDM and identify pathways to effectively reach reproductive-aged women across all levels of society, before, during, and after pregnancy.
Long-term consequences of obesity on female fertility and the health of the offspring; Purpose of review: Obesity has reached near epidemic levels among reproductive age women with a myriad of consequences. Obesity adversely affects the maternal milieu by creating conditions that decrease fertility and increase the risk of gestational diabetes, hypertensive disease in pregnancy, fetal growth abnormalities and congenital anomalies. The effects of obesity are not limited to pregnancy. Indeed, beyond the immediate postpartum period, obese women maintain a higher prevalence of insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease. In this article, we will review the pathophysiology underlying the effects of obesity on fertility, pregnancy outcome and health status of offspring. The purpose of this review is to outline proposed models responsible for the short-term and long-term consequences of obesity on fertility and offspring development, and identify knowledge gaps where additional research is needed. Recent findings: Maternal over or under nutrition adversely affect maternal reproductive capacity and pregnancy success. Separate from effects on maternal reproductive function, maternal over or under nutrition may also 'program' fetal pathophysiology through inheritance mechanisms that suggest epigenetic modification of DNA, differential RNA translation and protein expression, or modification of the fetal hypothalamic-pituitary axis function through programmed adverse effects on the developing hypothalamic circuitry. The concept of maternal health modifying the risk of developing noncommunicable diseases in the offspring is based on Developmental Origins of Health and Disease hypothesis. Summary: Of importance, the long-term effects of obesity are not limited to maternal health, but also programs pathophysiology in their offspring. Children of obese gravida are at increased risk for the development of cardiometabolic disease in childhood and throughout adulthood. Future studies directly interrogating mechanisms underlying the risks associated with obesity will allow us to develop interventions and therapies to decrease short-term and long-term morbidities associated with maternal obesity. Copyright © 2017 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn in late preterm and term infants in California; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: There are limited epidemiologic data on persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN). We sought to describe the incidence and 1-year mortality of PPHN by its underlying cause, and to identify risk factors for PPHN in a contemporary population-based dataset. METHODS: The California Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development maintains a database linking maternal and infant hospital discharges, readmissions, and birth and death certificates from 1 year before to 1 year after birth. We searched the database (2007-2011) for cases of PPHN (identified by International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision codes), including infants ≥34 weeks' gestational age without congenital heart disease. Multivariate Poisson regression was used to identify risk factors associated with PPHN; results are presented as risk ratios, 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: Incidence of PPHN was 0.18% (3277 cases/1 781 156 live births). Infection was the most common cause (30.0%). One-year mortality was 7.6%; infants with congenital anomalies of the respiratory tract had the highest mortality (32.0%). Risk factors independently associated with PPHN included gestational age <37 weeks, black race, large and small for gestational age, maternal preexisting and gestational diabetes, obesity, and advanced age. Female sex, Hispanic ethnicity, and multiple gestation were protective against PPHN. CONCLUSIONS: This risk factor profile will aid clinicians identifying infants at increased risk for PPHN, as they are at greater risk for rapid clinical deterioration. Copyright © 2017 by the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Complications of Pregnancy and Future Cardiovascular Risk; The popular belief that “heart disease is a man’s disease” is increasingly being proven to be a myth. Coronary heart disease (CHD) is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality among women and emerging evidence demonstrates that the prognosis for women after CHD is much worse than that for men. Pregnancy appears to be a physiological stress test that may identify women at risk of future CHD. Women who experience major complications of pregnancy have a twofold increased risk for later life CHD compared to women who have uncomplicated pregnancies. Postpartum follow-up after pregnancy complications may provide an ideal opportunity in primordial prevention of CHD. © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Placental maternal vascular malperfusion and adverse pregnancy outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction Maternal vascular malperfusion (MVM) lesions represent hypoxic-ischemic damage to the placenta, and they are associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Women with gestational diabetes (GDM) are at increased risk for pregnancy complications, so we set out to characterize the prevalence and clinical correlates of MVM lesions in this cohort. Methods This was a retrospective cohort study of 1187/1374 (86.4%) women with GDM delivered between 2009 and 2012 who had placental pathology available. Placental lesions of all types were tabulated and grouped into constructs of related entities. MVM lesions specifically included villous infarcts, decidual vasculopathy, increased syncytial knots, perivillous fibrin, and fibrin deposition. We compared maternal characteristics between women with and without MVM lesions, and we also assessed the impact of these lesions on birth weight, preterm birth, and pre-eclampsia using multivariable logistic regression analysis. Results MVM lesions were the most common placental lesion type in women with GDM (n = 362, 30.5%). Excess gestational weight gain was independently associated with MVM lesions (aOR 1.42, 95% CI 1.06–1.91, p = 0.02) after adjusting for maternal characteristics. MVM lesions were associated with lower birth weight (−90.3 g, 95% CI -148.0 to −32.7, p = 0.002), as well as a 2-fold increased risk for delivery of a small for gestational age infant (10.8 vs 5.9%, p = 0.01) in overweight and obese women. MVM lesions were also associated with increased risk for preterm birth <34 weeks (adjusted OR 2.36, 95% CI 1.31–4.23, p = 0.004) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP; adjusted OR 1.58, 95% CI 1.13–2.22, p = 0.02). Discussion Placental maternal vascular malperfusion lesions may be one pathway linking excess gestational weight gain to adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with GDM, and future studies are needed to identify metabolic factors that may explain this association. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd
Pregnancy after bariatric surgery: Improving outcomes for mother and child; The significant increase in the prevalence of obesity has led to an increase in the number of obese women who become pregnant. In this setting, in recent years, there has been an exponential rise in the number of bariatric procedures, with approximately half of them performed in women of childbearing age, and a remarkable surge in the number of women who become pregnant after having undergone bariatric surgery (BS). These procedures entail the risk of nutritional deficiencies, and nutrition is a crucial aspect during pregnancy. Therefore, knowledge and awareness of the consequences of these techniques on maternal and fetal outcomes is essential. Current evidence suggests a better overall obstetric outcome after BS, in comparison to morbid obese women managed conservatively, with a reduction in the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-associated hypertensive disorders, macrosomia, and congenital defects. However, the risk of potential maternal nutritional deficiencies and newborns small for gestational age cannot be overlooked. Results concerning the incidence of preterm delivery and the number of C-sections are less consistent. In this paper, we review the updated evidence regarding the impact of BS on pregnancy. © 2016 González et al.
Prevention of preterm birth complications by antenatal corticosteroid administration; Objective To evaluate short- and long-term benefits and risks associated with antenatal administration of a single course of corticosteroids and the related strategies: multiple and rescue courses. Methods The PubMed database, the Cochrane Library and the recommendations from the French and foreign obstetrical societies or colleges have been consulted. Results Antenatal administration of a single course of corticosteroids before 34 weeks of gestation is associated in the neonatal period with a significant reduction of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) and death (LE1), and in possibly childhood with a reduction of cerebral palsy and increased psychomotor development index and intact survival (LE3). However, this treatment is associated with alterations of the HPA axis response persisting until 8 weeks after birth (LE2) and possibly with insulin resistance in adulthood (LE3). Antenatal corticosteroid administration after 34 weeks is associated, with high number needed to treat, with reduced respiratory morbidity (LE2), with no significant effect on neurological (LE2) or digestive (LE2) morbidities. Because of a very favourable benefit/risk balance, antenatal administration of a single course of corticosteroids is recommended for women at risk of preterm delivery before 34 weeks (grade A). The minimum gestational age for treatment will depend on the threshold chosen to start neonatal intensive care in maternity units and perinatal networks (Professional consensus). After 34 weeks, evidences are not consistent enough to recommend systematic antenatal corticosteroid treatment (grade B), however, a course might be indicated in the clinical situations associated with the higher risk of “severe” RDS, mainly in case of planned cesarean delivery (grade C). In case of imminent preterm birth, pre-empting the second betamethasone injection is not recommended (grade C), because this policy might be associated with increased rates of NEC (LE3). Repeated antenatal corticosteroid administration is associated in the neonatal period with respiratory benefits (LE1) but decreased birth weight (LE1) and, in childhood, with possible neurological impairment (LE2). Therefore, this strategy is not recommended (grade A). Rescue courses are only associated with neonatal respiratory benefits (LE2). Because of the possible adverse effects associated with this strategy when delivery occurs during the 24 hours following the first injection and because of the doubts raised by repeated courses, rescue courses are not recommended (Professional consensus). It is not possible to recommend one corticosteroid (betamethasone or dexamethasone) over another (Professional consensus). In case of contraindication for the intramuscular (IM) route, the intravenous route might be proposed (Professional consensus). The oral route is not recommended (grade A) because of increased rates of IVH and neonatal sepsis in comparison with the IM route (LE1). Either betamethasone as 2 injections of 12 mg 24 hours apart or dexamethasone as 4 injections of 6 mg 12 hours apart is recommended (grade A). Antenatal corticosteroid-induced alterations of fetal heart rate and movements should be recognized by the care providers of women at risk of preterm birth to avoid unjustified decision of labor induction or cesarean (Professional consensus). Gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes are not contraindication to antenatal corticosteroid therapy (Professional consensus). However, caution should be exercised in women with poorly controlled type 1 diabetes (Professional consensus). The apprehension to provoke maternal or neonatal infection should not delay antenatal corticosteroid administration even in case of preterm premature rupture of membranes (grade A). Conclusion Antenatal corticosteroid administration is recommended to every woman at risk of preterm delivery before 34 weeks of gestation (grade A). Repeated courses of antenatal corticosteroids are not recommended (grade A). Rescue courses are not recommended (Professional consensus). © 2016 Elsevier Masson SAS
Outcome of preterm infants born to overweight and obese mothers†; Objectives: To evaluate perinatal morbidity and mortality among preterm neonates who were born to overweight and obese mothers compared to preterm neonates who were born to mothers with normal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI). Methods: Retrospective recordings of medical charts of 110 preterm infants born to overweight (n = 68) and obese (n = 42) mothers at gestational age (GA) 28–34 weeks, as well as 110 controls matched for GA and birth weight. All infants were born at the Sheba Medical Center between 2007 and 2014. Data regarding maternal pre-pregnancy weight and height were recorded, as well as maternal and neonatal complications and feeding methods. Results: Obese mothers had more pregnancy-induced hypertension (52.4% versus 21.4%, p = 0.006) and caesarean section deliveries (81% versus 52.4%, p = 0.018). Overweight mothers had more gestational diabetes (20.6% versus 2.9%, p = 0.001). The study and control groups were similar on all neonatal outcome parameters. No differences between the groups were recorded throughout hospitalization with respect to Apgar score, respiratory distress and support, hypotension, cardiac manifestations, brain pathologies, infection, feeding type and total hospitalization days. Conclusions: Although the maternal complications are greater among obese and overweight women, it seems that preterm infants born to these women are not at increased risk for neonatal complications. © 2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Role of type 2 diabetes in determining retinal, renal, and cardiovascular outcomes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE Women who have gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have elevated lifetime risks for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD), compared with their peers. However, it is not known whether their risk of CVD is dependent upon the development of T2DM. Thus, we sought to evaluate the role of T2DM in determining vascular outcomes in women with previous GDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS Allwomen in Ontario, Canada,with a live-birth pregnancy between April 1994 and March 2014 (n = 1,515,079) were stratified into the following four groups: women with GDM in whom T2DM subsequently developed (n = 15,585, median age 32 years); those with GDM in whom T2DM did not develop (n = 41,299; median age 32 years); women who did not have GDM but in whom T2DM developed (n = 49,397; median age 31 years); and those with neither GDM nor T2DM (n = 1,408,798; median age 30 years). Women were followed over a median time of 10.0 years for the development of microvascular and macrovascular outcomes. RESULTS Among women who had GDM, only those in whom T2DM developed had an increased risk of vitrectomy/photocoagulation (hazard ratio [HR] 4.49, 95% CI 3.90-5.17), renal dialysis (HR 7.52, 5.24-10.81), and hospitalization for foot infection (HR 4.32, 3.42-5.46) (all P < 0.0001). However, for macrovascular outcomes, both women with GDM in whom T2DM developed and those in whom T2DM did not develop had increased risks of CVD (HR 2.82; 2.41-3.30; P < 0.0001; and HR 1.30; 1.07-1.59; P = 0.008, respectively) and coronary artery disease (HR 3.54; 2.96-4.23; P < 0.0001; and HR 1.41; 1.11-1.80; P = 0.005, respectively), although absolute event rates were very low. CONCLUSIONS Women with GDM have an elevated risk of cardiovascular outcomes, even in the absence of T2DM. In contrast, microvascular risk emerges only in those in whom T2DM develops. © 2017 by the American Diabetes Association.
Insulin resistance in therapeutic clinic; Today an obesity became the global epidemic striking both children, and adults and represents one of the most important problems of health care worldwide. Excess accumulation of fatty tissue is resulted by insulin resistance and a compensatory hyperinsulinaemia which are the main predictors of development of a diabetes mellitus type 2. Insulin resistance is also one of key links of a pathogenesis of such diseases as cardiovascular pathology, not-alcoholic fatty liver disease, a polycystic ovary syndrome, gestational diabetes and many others. Depression of sensitivity of tissues to insulin can be physiological reaction of an organism to stress factors and pathological process. The endogenic reasons also take part in development of insulin resistance besides factors of the external environment. The role of genetic predisposition, a subclinical inflammation of fatty tissue, thyroid hormones, adipokines and vitamin D in formation of this pathological process is studied. As insulin resistance takes part in a pathogenesis of various diseases, methods of its diagnostics and correction are of great importance in therapeutic practice. At purpose of treatment it is worth giving preference to the drugs which are positively influencing sensitivity of tissues to insulin.
Molecular Analysis of a Genetic Variants Panel Related to Nutrients and Metabolism: Association with Susceptibility to Gestational Diabetes and Cardiometabolic Risk in Affected Women; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most frequent metabolic disorder in pregnancy. Women with a GDM history are at increased risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Studies have demonstrated a significant correlation between several genes involved in the metabolic pathway of insulin and environmental factors. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between clinical parameters in GDM and variants in genes involved with nutrients and metabolism. Several variants PPARG2 rs1801282 (C>G); PPARGC1A rs8192678 (C>T); TCF7L2 rs7903146 (C>T); LDLR rs2228671 (C>T); MTHFR rs1801133 (C>T); APOA5 rs662799 (T>C); GCKR rs1260326 (C>T); FTO rs9939609 (T>A); MC4R rs17782313 (T>C) were genotyped in 168 pregnant Caucasian women with or without GDM by High Resolution Melting (HRM) analysis. A significant correlation was observed between TT genotype of TCF7L2 gene and increased risk of GDM (OR 5.4 [95% CI 1.5-19.3]). Moreover, a significant correlation was observed between lipid parameters and genetic variations in additional genes, namely, PPARG2 [p = 0,02], APOA5 [p = 0,02], MC4R [p = 0,03], LDLR [p = 0,01], and FTO [p = 0,02]. Our findings support the association between TCF7L2 rs7903146 variant and an increased GDM risk. Results about the investigated genetic variants provide important information about cardiometabolic risk in GDM and help to plan future prevention studies. © 2017 Marica Franzago et al.
Birth weight-for-gestational age is associated with DNA methylation at birth and in childhood; Background: Both higher and lower fetal growth are associated with cardio-metabolic health later in life, suggesting that prenatal developmental programming determines long-term cardiovascular disease risk. Epigenetic mechanisms, which orchestrate fetal growth and development, may offer insight on the early programming of health and disease. We investigated whether birth weight-for-gestational is associated with DNA methylation at birth and mid-childhood, measured via the Infinium 450K array. Methods/results: Participants were from Project Viva, a pre-birth cohort of pregnant women and their children in Eastern Massachusetts. After exclusion of participants with maternal type 1 or 2 diabetes and gestational age <34 weeks, we used DNA methylation assays from 476 venous umbilical cord blood samples and a subset of 235 who additionally had peripheral blood samples available in mid-childhood (age 7–10 years). Among 392,918 CpG sites analyzed, birth weight-for-gestational age z-score was associated with cord blood DNA methylation at 34 CpGs (false discovery rate P < 0.05), after adjusting for maternal age, race/ethnicity, education, smoking, parity, delivery mode, pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational diabetes status, child sex, and estimated cord blood cell proportions based on a cord blood reference panel. Two of these CpGs were previously reported in epigenome-wide analyses of birth weight, and several other CpGs map to genes relevant to fetal growth and development. Namely, higher birth weight-for-gestational age was associated with higher methylation at four CpGs at the PBX1 locus (e.g., β (95% CI) for lead signal at cg06750897 = 1.9 (1.2, 2.6)), which encodes a transcription factor that regulates embryonic development. Birth weight-for-gestational age was also associated with mid-childhood blood DNA methylation at four of the 34 CpGs identified in cord blood analyses, including sites at the PBX1 locus described. Conclusions: We identified CpG sites where birth weight-for-gestational age was associated with DNA methylation at birth, and for a subset of these sites, birth weight-for-gestational age was also associated with DNA methylation at mid-childhood. © 2016, The Author(s).
Impact of very advanced maternal age on perinatal and neonatal outcomes; Objective: Very advanced maternal age pregnancies create very important health problem in both developed and developing countries. Therefore we aimed to compare obstetric and neonatal outcomes of pregnant women over 40 years-old and between 18-39 years-old who gave birth in our hospital. Material and Methods: Our study is designed retrospectively evaluating pregnancy and birth records of 500 women aged ≥40 years-old and of 526 women between the age 18-39 years-old who delivered at Kanuni Sultan Süleyman Research and Training Hospital in Obstetrics and Gynecology Department between April 2014 and April 2015. Groups were compared for demographic characteristics, obstetric features, perinatal outcomes and indications for cesarean delivery. P value <0,05 was considered statistically significant. Results: In our study the parity number, chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia and cesarean section delivery rates of patients ≥40 years-old were statistically significantly higher than that of the control group (p=0,001). No statistically significant differences were determined between both age groups with regard to postpartum hemorrhage, preterm delivery, preterm rupture of membranes, polyhydramnios, placenta previa, ablasio placenta, multiple pregnancies and maternal cardiac diseases (p>0,05). The rates of prolonged labor and failed induction of labor were seen in the maternal age ≥40 years-old group statistically significantly lower compared to the maternal age <40 years-old group (p=0,002). Conclusion: The significant higher rates of chronic hypertension, preeclampsia, GDM and cesarean section delivery among very advanced maternal age demonstrate that maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality risks increase for these patients. Therefore the antenatal care of the very advanced maternal age pregnancies should be done carefully. © 2016 by Türkiye Klinikleri.
Assessment of Cardiac Function in Fetuses of Gestational Diabetic Mothers During the Second Trimester; Fetuses of diabetic mothers may have structural or functional cardiac abnormalities which increase morbidity and mortality. Isolated functional abnormalities have been identified in the third trimester. The aim of the present study was to assess fetal cardiac function (systolic, diastolic, and global myocardial performance) in the second trimester in mothers with gestational diabetes, and also to relate cardiac function with glycemic control. Mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus referred for fetal cardiac evaluation in the second trimester (between 19 and 24 weeks) from March 2015 to February 2016 were enrolled as case subjects in this study. Non-diabetic mothers who had a fetal echocardiogram done between 19 and 24 weeks for other indications were enrolled as controls. Functional cardiac variables showed a statistically significant difference in isovolumetric relaxation and contraction times and the myocardial performance index and mitral E/A ratios in the gestational diabetic group (p = 0.003). Mitral annular plane systolic excursion was significantly less in the diabetic group (p = 0.01). The only functional cardiac variable found abnormal in mothers with poor glycemic control was the prolonged isovolumetric relaxation time. Functional cardiac abnormalities can be detected in the second trimester in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers and timely intervention can improve postnatal outcomes. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Raspberry Leaf and Hypoglycemia in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; BACKGROUND: Raspberry leaf is commonly consumed by pregnant women. Hypoglycemic effects have been documented with other species within the plant family. Whether raspberry leaf affects glycemic control in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is unknown. CASE: A 38-year-old nulliparous woman with GDM developed hypoglycemia requiring lowered insulin dose after consuming raspberry leaf tea at 32 weeks of gestation. The temporal relationship was confirmed by the patient's self-withdrawal and reintroduction of the herb. Fetal surveillance and growth were reassuring. A cesarean delivery was performed at 39 weeks of gestation. The neonate did not experience hypoglycemia or other complications. Placental biopsy revealed normal findings. CONCLUSION: Consumption of raspberry leaf may lead to reduced insulin requirements in GDM. Women with GDM should be cautioned about its use and their glucose levels more closely monitored. © 2016 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Subclinical Decrease in Myocardial Function in Asymptomatic Infants of Diabetic Mothers: A Tissue Doppler Study; Infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy are recognized to have impaired myocardial performance, but less is known about ventricular function in IDMs without hypertrophy. We hypothesized that in asymptomatic newborns with normal two-dimensional echocardiographic evaluations, pulsed wave tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) would suggest a subclinical decrease in the cardiac function of IDMs compared to infants of non-diabetics (nIDMs). This is a retrospective cohort study of asymptomatic neonates ≥36 weeks gestation, at 0–7 days of life, with normal standard echocardiograms. Systolic (S’), early diastolic (E’), and late diastolic (A’) TDI velocities were measured at the mitral valve (MV) annulus, basal interventricular septum (IVS), and tricuspid valve (TV) annulus, and averaged from three consecutive cardiac cycles. Demographic, perinatal, and echocardiographic variables were compared between IDM and nIDM groups. Of 631 subjects, 75 IDMs were identified. The mean gestational age of the entire cohort was 39.33 weeks (±1.26), birth weight 3.44 kg (±0.56), and body surface area (BSA) 0.21 m2 (±0.02). IDMs had significantly greater birth weight and BSA, lower gestational age, older maternal age, and higher incidence of maternal obesity and hypertension than nIDMs (p < 0.001). On multivariable analysis, IDMs had significantly lower S’ (p ≤ 0.03) and E’ (p < 0.001) velocities, and higher E/E’ ratios (p < 0.001) at the MV, IVS, and TV than nIDMs. In asymptomatic newborn IDMs without cardiac hypertrophy, pulsed wave TDI suggests a subclinical decrease in systolic and diastolic myocardial function compared to nIDMs. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus induces neuroinflammation, derangement of hippocampal neurons, and cognitive changes in rat offspring; Background: Birth cohort studies link gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with impaired cognitive performance in the offspring. However, the mechanisms involved are unknown. We tested the hypothesis that obesity-associated GDM induces chronic neuroinflammation and disturbs the development of neuronal circuitry resulting in impaired cognitive abilities in the offspring. Methods: In rats, GDM was induced by feeding dams a diet high in sucrose and fatty acids. Brains of neonatal (E20) and young adult (15-week-old) offspring of GDM and lean dams were analyzed by immunohistochemistry, cytokine assay, and western blotting. Young adult offspring of GDM and lean dams went also through cognitive assessment. Cultured microglial responses to elevated glucose and/or fatty acids levels were analyzed. Results: In rats, impaired recognition memory was observed in the offspring of GDM dams. GDM exposure combined with a postnatal high-fat and sucrose diet resulted in atypical inattentive behavior in the offspring. These cognitive changes correlated with reduced density and derangement of Cornu Ammonis 1 pyramidal neuronal layer, decreased hippocampal synaptic integrity, increased neuroinflammatory status, and reduced expression of CX3CR1, the microglial fractalkine receptor regulating microglial pro-inflammatory responses and synaptic pruning. Primary microglial cultures that were exposed to high concentrations of glucose and/or palmitate were transformed into an activated, amoeboid morphology with increased nitric oxide and superoxide production, and altered their cytokine release profile. Conclusions: These findings demonstrate that GDM stimulates microglial activation and chronic inflammatory responses in the brain of the offspring that persist into young adulthood. Reactive gliosis correlates positively with hippocampal synaptic decline and cognitive impairments. The elevated pro-inflammatory cytokine expression at the critical period of hippocampal synaptic maturation suggests that neuroinflammation might drive the synaptic and cognitive decline in the offspring of GDM dams. The importance of microglia in this process is supported by the reduced Cx3CR1 expression as an indication of the loss of microglial control of inflammatory responses and phagocytosis and synaptic pruning in GDM offspring.
Challenges of Takayasu Arteritis in Pregnancy: A Case Report; Takayasu arteritis is a rare, chronic vasculitis of unknown etiology characterized by inflammation of the aorta and its main branches. Although Takayasu arteritis mostly affects women of childbearing age, there is a paucity in the literature on pregnancy associated with Takayasu arteritis. Pregnant patients are at increased risk of cardiovascular complications, including hypertension and congestive heart failure, which may jeopardize both maternal and fetal outcomes. Furthermore, optimal management has not yet been established for pregnant patients with Takayasu arteritis, posing a clinical challenge. We present a case of a young woman with Takayasu arteritis whose symptoms and disease activity improved during 2 pregnancies. Although her first pregnancy was complicated with preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and preterm vaginal delivery, her second pregnancy was uneventful. This case provides a rare glimpse of Takayasu arteritis in pregnancy and highlights the challenges of medical management in gravid patients. © SAGE Publications.
Cardiovascular malformations in infants of diabetic mothers: A retrospective case-control study; Maternal diabetes has teratogenic effects on the evolution of the fetal cardiovascular system; as a consequence, cardiovascular malformations are the most common anomalies in infants of diabetic mothers. The present study focuses on the association of all types of diabetes in mothers with the incidence of congenital cardiovascular malformations in their infants. In this retrospective case-control study performed between the years 2008 and 2010, 35 infants of diabetic mothers were selected as a case group, and another 35 infants of mothers with normal blood glucose levels were selected as a control group. Data has been extracted from patients’ files and registered. Finally, the association of data has been performed according to statistical analysis. According to the results, the prevalence of cardiovascular anomalies was significantly higher in infants of diabetic mothers (P=0.018). The most common malformations in the case group were PDA 10%, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 9% and PFO 8%. Maternal diabetes type (overt or gestational diabetes), duration and control method did not correspond with any significant differences in the prevalence of cardiac anomalies. The results of this study indicate that diabetes in pregnant women plays an important role in the incidence of certain types of cardiac anomalies, such as PFO, HCMPT, and PDA. As a result, the performance of diagnostic procedures (like embryonic echo, before and after birth), provision of special prenatal care to diabetic mothers, and providing supportive and therapeutic care to symptomatic infants seems highly advisable in such cases. © 2017 Tehran University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Sleep disordered breathing in pregnancy: Food for thought; The last few years have witnessed a number of publications linking sleep disordered breathing to adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes in various populations. Associations with preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and growth restriction have been consistent across many studies. Though the manuscripts reviewed here consist mostly of preliminary data and need further confirmation, the studies have highlighted new directions in the assessment of the impact of sleep disordered breathing and pregnancy, and paved the way for new fields of research in this area. © 2016, © The Author(s) 2016.
The place of fetal cardiac functional assessment in high risk obstetrics; The fetal heart is significantly impacted in a number of high risk obstetric conditions in particular gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), and pre-eclampsia from different pathophysiological pathways. These include abnormal metabolic metabolism in gestational diabetes, hypoxia in growth restriction and increased afterload in pre-eclampsia. Cardiac function using the myocardial performance index (MPI) and E/A ratio in a series of studies performed at our unit, was shown to be altered in fetuses in poorly controlled gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction and preeclampsia and links to adverse perinatal outcome have been suggested in these conditions. The MPI has a unique property in that it can easily be tracked and becomes abnormal before hypoxia or acidosis sets in and as such this parameter can be used as a monitoring tool for assessing deteriorating cardiovascular function thereby potentially guiding the physician to optimal timing of delivery before overt acidosis, myocardial necrosis or perinatal death sets in. The MPI and E/A ratio could potentially be integrated into routine fetal monitoring models.
Maternal and offspring outcomes in women with intellectual and developmental disabilities: a population-based cohort study; Objective: To compare the risks for adverse maternal and offspring outcomes in women with and without intellectual and developmental disabilities. Design: Population-based cohort study. Setting: Ontario, Canada. Population: Singleton obstetrical deliveries to 18- to 49-year-old women with and without intellectual and developmental disabilities (n = 3932 in the exposed cohort, n = 382 774 in the unexposed cohort; 2002–2011 fiscal years). Methods: Women with intellectual and developmental disabilities were identified based on diagnoses in health administrative data or receipt of disability income support. The unexposed cohort comprised women without intellectual and developmental disabilities. Modified Poisson regression was used to compute adjusted relative risks (aRR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) comparing the two cohorts. Main outcome measures: Primary maternal outcomes were: gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and venous thromboembolism. Primary offspring outcomes were: preterm birth, small for gestational age, and large for gestational age. Results: The exposed cohort, compared with the unexposed cohort, had increased risks for pre-eclampsia (aRR 1.47, 95% CI 1.11–1.93) and venous thromboembolism (aRR 1.60, 95% CI 1.17–2.19). Their offspring had increased risks for preterm birth (aRR 1.63, 95% CI 1.47–1.80) and small for gestational age (aRR 1.35, 95% CI 1.25–1.45). Conclusions: These findings suggest that there is a need to address modifiable risk factors for adverse outcomes among women with intellectual and developmental disabilities prior to and during pregnancy. Moreover, there is a need to enhance monitoring for maternal and offspring complications in this population. Tweetable abstract: Large cohort study: intellectual and developmental disabilities predispose women/babies to adverse outcomes. © 2016 Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists
Adverse Perinatal Outcomes and Postpartum Multi-Systemic Dysregulation: Adding Vitamin D Deficiency to the Allostatic Load Index; Background Allostatic load (AL) is an index of multi-system physiological “wear-and-tear,” operationalizing emergent chronic disease risk and predicting morbidity and mortality. AL has been proposed as an organizing framework for studying pregnancy outcomes and additional AL biomarkers for the study of maternal health would be valuable. Objectives To test whether adverse perinatal outcomes are associated with postpartum AL and if including vitamin D deficiency (serum 25(OH)D < 20 ng/ml) as an additional marker of postpartum AL increases the association. Methods The Community Child Health Network is a community-based participatory research network that enrolled women at birth and followed them for 2 years measuring ten biomarkers (body mass index, waist: hip ratio, pulse, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, cortisol slope, c-reactive protein, hgbA1c, HDL, and total cholesterol) at 6 and 12 months postpartum. A composite of four adverse perinatal outcomes (low birth weight, preterm birth, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes) was collected from medical charts in a sample of 164 women from one site and serum 25(OH)D status was measured 24–39 weeks postpartum in this cohort. Results Twenty-nine percent experienced one or more of the four adverse perinatal outcomes. Serum 25(OH)D was significantly inversely correlated with the AL index (Spearman’s r = −0.247, p = 0.002). Logistic regression results adjusting for maternal age and race showed that adverse outcome was significantly associated with higher postpartum AL (OR 1.53 for a 1-unit increase in AL, 95% CI 1.24–1.89). Adding 25(OH)D deficiency as an 11th component to the AL index improved the model fit (Delta (−2LogL) = 3.955, p = 0.047), and improved the Akaike information criterion (180.32 vs. 184.27). Conclusion Women with adverse perinatal outcomes have higher postpartum AL and adding vitamin D deficiency to the AL index strengthens this association. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
A brief history of gestational diabetes mellitus, risk factors and current criteria of diagnosis; Diabetes is one of the most common metabolic disorders that may cause pathological pregnancy. Treating diabetes recognized during pregnancy results in lowering maternal and fetal complications. These patients present higher risk for excessive weight gain, preeclampsia, delivery with cesarean sections, high risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the future. Fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes are at higher risk for macrosomia and birth trauma, after delivery they present higher risk of developing neonatal hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and respiratory distress syndrome. There is still no consensus in the recommendations for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus by expert committees.
Hybrid approach using fuzzy sets and extreme learning machine for classifying clinical datasets; Data mining techniques play a major role in developing computer aided diagnosis systems and expert systems that will aid a physician in clinical decision making. In this work, a classifier that combines the relative merits of fuzzy sets and extreme learning machine (FELM) for clinical datasets is proposed. The three major subsystems in the FELM framework are preprocessing subsystem, fuzzification subsystem and classification subsystem. Missing value imputation and outlier elimination are handled by the preprocessing subsystem. The fuzzification subsystem maps each feature to a fuzzy set and the classification subsystem uses extreme learning machine for classification. Cleveland heart disease (CHD), Statlog heart disease (SHD) and Pima Indian diabetes (PID) datasets from the University of California Irvine (UCI) machine learning repository have been used for experimentation. The CHD and SHD datasets have been experimented with two class labels one indicating the absence and the other indicating the presence of heart disease. The CHD dataset has also been experimented with five class labels, one class label indicating the absence of heart disease and the other four class labels indicating the severity of heart disease namely low risk, medium risk, high risk and serious. The PID data set has been experimented with two class labels one indicating the absence and the other indicating the presence of gestational diabetes. The classifier has achieved an accuracy of 93.55% for CHD data set with two class labels; 73.77% for CHD data set with five class labels; 94.44% for SHD data set and 92.54% for PID dataset. © 2016
Oxidized LDL, insulin resistance and central blood pressure after gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an indicator of future cardiovascular disease. We investigated whether sensitive biomarkers of increased cardiovascular risk differ between women with and without a history of GDM few years after pregnancy, and whether obesity affects the results. Material and methods: We studied two cohorts – 120 women with a history of GDM and 120 controls, on average 3.7 years after delivery. Circulating concentrations of oxidized low-density lipoprotein (oxLDL) were determined by ELISA. The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index was used to estimate insulin resistance. Central blood pressure (cBP) was measured noninvasively from a radial artery pulse wave. The primary outcomes were possible differences in oxLDL, HOMA-IR or cBP between the groups. Secondly, we investigated the influence of obesity on the results, also using adjusted multiple linear regression analyses. Results: OxLDL concentrations or cBP did not differ between the two cohorts, but HOMA-IR was significantly higher in women with previous GDM than in controls, 1.3 ± 0.9 (SD) and 1.1 ± 0.9, respectively (p = 0.022). In subgroup analyses, HOMA-IR (p < 0.001), systolic (p < 0.001) and diastolic (p < 0.001) cBP were significantly higher in obese subgroups compared with non-obese ones. Body mass index was an important determinant of HOMA-IR and cBP in multiple linear regression analyses. Conclusions: Over 3 years after delivery, women with GDM were still more insulin-resistant than controls. Obesity turned out to be a more important determinant of insulin resistance and cBP compared with GDM. © 2016 Nordic Federation of Societies of Obstetrics and Gynecology
Statistics in medical research; Introduction Statistics is fundamental to the research process, from the initial stages of planning and design, to data collection and analysis, and then the final stage of reporting and interpretation. In this chapter we give an introduction to the main concepts of statistical analyses in medical research and describe the methods of analysis that are used in common situations. The methods described are relevant to observational studies and randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We do not give details of how to carry out the statistical tests. These can be found in many statistics textbooks, and a list of suitable reference books is provided at the end of the chapter. Why We Need Statistics in Medical Research In a research study we collect data from a sample of participants which is drawn from the wider population of interest. Observed data from the sample is used to make estimates about the true population (this is known as statistical inference) - for example, the proportion of women who develop gestational diabetes during pregnancy. There is an intrinsic variability in the information collected both between and within individuals. For example, participants in a research study will respond differently to the same intervention or exposure to the same risk factor, or measurements made on the same participant (such as heart rate or blood pressure) will vary with each reading. It is this variability that is at the core of statistics; separating out random variability or noise from real variability is a key function of statistical analysis. Statistics can thus be used to: • express the level of uncertainty about the estimated value • estimate the magnitude and direction of changes in the measurement of interest • assess the validity and applicability of the results of a research study. What Statistical Analysis Is Used For The most common aims of statistical analyses in medical research are to: • Explore and describe the distribution and characteristics of the data using summary statistics and graphs • Perform comparative analyses assessing differences between two or more groups • Estimate the prevalence or incidence of a medical condition, outcome or some other value either in the general population or in a particular group of individuals who share similar characteristics. © Cambridge University Press 2017.
Maternal vascular malperfusion of the placental bed associated with hypertensive disorders in the Boston Birth Cohort; Introduction The associations of maternal conditions, before or during pregnancy, with placental lesions have not been adequately studied in populations. Methods In the Boston Birth Cohort, we evaluated associations between three maternal medical conditions (hypertensive disorders [HDs], gestational/pre-gestational diabetes and obesity), and placental histological findings, using a standardized classification system proposed by the Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group. Placental pathology diagnoses and clinical data from 3074 mothers with clinical indications who delivered singleton live births at the Boston Medical Center between October 1998 and November 2013 were evaluated. Associations between each maternal condition and maternal vascular malperfusion (MVM) of the placental bed and its standardized subgroups were examined using multivariate logistic and multinomial regressions. Results Women with HDs (chronic hypertension, eclampsia, preeclampsia, HELLP syndrome) had significantly increased odds of MVM lesions when compared to women with no HD (aOR 2.08 95% CI 1.74–2.50), after adjusting for demographics, substance use, diabetes and body mass index. No significant differences in frequencies or aORs were seen in women with and without diabetes, or across body mass index categories. Co-morbid condition patterns that included HDs were more likely to be associated with MVM than those without. Discussion Using a standardized classification system, we showed that MVM is strongly and specifically associated with maternal HDs, but not other maternal conditions. Additional studies are needed to confirm and validate our findings, and evaluate the role of maternal vascular lesions of the placental bed in relation to postnatal growth and development of the offspring and effect modifiers. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
Heart Disease, Hypertension, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, and Preeclampsia/Eclampsia in Mothers With Juvenile Arthritis: A Nested Case–Control Study; Objective: To determine whether women with a history of juvenile arthritis are at higher risk for heart disease and hypertension and for developing adverse maternal outcomes: gestational diabetes mellitus, maternal hypertension, and preeclampsia/eclampsia. Methods: We designed a nested case–control study from a cohort of first-time mothers with prior physician billing codes suggesting juvenile arthritis, and a matched comparison group without juvenile arthritis. For the nested case–control design, we selected 3 controls for each case for the outcomes of heart disease (n = 403), prepregnancy hypertension (n = 66), gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 285), maternal hypertension (n = 561), and preeclampsia/eclampsia (n = 236). We used conditional logistic regression, adjusting for maternal age and education. Results: Having juvenile arthritis was associated with heart disease (odds ratio [OR] 2.44 [95% confidence interval (95% CI) 1.15–5.15]) but not with gestational hypertension, diabetes mellitus, or preeclampsia/eclampsia. All 66 cases of prepregnancy hypertension had juvenile arthritis. Having prepregnancy hypertension was strongly associated with preeclampsia/eclampsia (OR 8.05 [95% CI 2.69–24.07]). Conclusion: Women with a history of juvenile arthritis had a higher risk of heart disease. This risk signals the potential importance of cardiac prevention strategies in juvenile arthritis. As this was a retrospective study, it was not possible to correct for some relevant potential confounders. Further studies should assess the impact of medications, disease severity, and other factors (e.g., obesity) on cardiac outcomes in juvenile arthritis. © 2016, American College of Rheumatology
MobiGuide: a personalized and patient-centric decision-support system and its evaluation in the atrial fibrillation and gestational diabetes domains; MobiGuide is a ubiquitous, distributed and personalized evidence-based decision-support system (DSS) used by patients and their care providers. Its central DSS applies computer-interpretable clinical guidelines (CIGs) to provide real-time patient-specific and personalized recommendations by matching CIG knowledge with a highly-adaptive patient model, the parameters of which are stored in a personal health record (PHR). The PHR integrates data from hospital medical records, mobile biosensors, data entered by patients, and recommendations and abstractions output by the DSS. CIGs are customized to consider the patients’ psycho-social context and their preferences; shared decision making is supported via decision trees instantiated with patient utilities. The central DSS “projects” personalized CIG-knowledge to a mobile DSS operating on the patients’ smart phones that applies that knowledge locally. In this paper we explain the knowledge elicitation and specification methodologies that we have developed for making CIGs patient-centered and enabling their personalization. We then demonstrate feasibility, in two very different clinical domains, and two different geographic sites, as part of a multi-national feasibility study, of the full architecture that we have designed and implemented. We analyze usage patterns and opinions collected via questionnaires of the 10 atrial fibrillation (AF) and 20 gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients and their care providers. The analysis is guided by three hypotheses concerning the effect of the personal patient model on patients and clinicians’ behavior and on patients’ satisfaction. The results demonstrate the sustainable usage of the system by patients and their care providers and patients’ satisfaction, which stems mostly from their increased sense of safety. The system has affected the behavior of clinicians, which have inspected the patients’ models between scheduled visits, resulting in change of diagnosis for two of the ten AF patients and anticipated change in therapy for eleven of the twenty GDM patients. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine and arginine metabolites in women with and without a history of gestational diabetes; Aims Dysregulation of arginine metabolism, as evidenced by increased circulating levels of asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA), has been proposed as an early event in the natural history of cardiovascular disease. Since the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a patient population at increased future risk of cardiovascular disease later in life, we sought to characterize arginine metabolism in women with and without a history of recent GDM. Methods In this prospective observational cohort study, 225 women (72 who had GDM; 153 who did not) underwent cardiometabolic characterization, including oral glucose tolerance test, at 1- and 3-years postpartum. Circulating ADMA and its stereoisomer symmetric dimethylarginine (SDMA) were measured by liquid chromatography–mass spectrometry at both visits. Results Serum ADMA and SDMA were not significantly different between the GDM and non-GDM groups at either 1-year or 3-years postpartum. On multiple linear regression analyses, high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (t = − 2.62, p = 0.009) and creatinine (t = − 2.62, p = 0.01) were independently associated with ADMA at 3-years, while creatinine (t = 7.09, p < 0.0001) and BMI (t = − 2.24, p = 0.026) predicted SDMA. Conclusion Women with recent GDM do not exhibit altered serum concentrations of ADMA or SDMA at 1- and 3-years postpartum, suggesting that ADMA dysregulation is not a feature of their cardiometabolic profile in the early years after delivery. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.
Early postpartum lipid profile in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus: Results of a prospective cohort study; Background: Dyslipidemia is a well-known risk factor of cardiovascular disease. Few studies focused on early postpartum lipids profile, particularly in women with gestational diabetes mellitus. Objectives: This study aims at determining the levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides LDL-C, HDL-C, and VLDL-C at 6 to 12 weeks postpartum in women with gestational diabetes, comparing them to lipids profiles of controls and identifying independent risk factors of dyslipidemia in 2 studied groups. Methods: Life after gestational diabetes, Ahvaz study (LAGAs), was started on March 2015. This was an ongoing population-based cohort study that aimed at investigating metabolic outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus and comparing them with healthy groups. Up to February 2016, during the first 11 months sampling, 176 women with gestational diabetes and 86 healthy mothers underwent FBS, 75-g 2- hour oral glucose tolerance and fasting lipids tests (including total cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL- cholesterol, HDL -cholesterol, and VLDL-cholesterol) in 6 to 12 weeks after delivery. Results: Overall prevalence of dyslipidemia was 73.7%. Most common forms of dyslipidemia in 2 groups were HDL-C < 50 and raised total cholesterol (T-C ≥ 200). Women with gestational diabetes had higher total cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL-C, and VLDL-C compared with controls. Prevalence of total cholesterol ≥ 200, triglyceride ≥ 150, HDL-C < 50 (md/dL), and LDL-C ≥ 130 (md/dL) was 37.5%, 22.2%, 43.8%, and 27.8 in GDM women 6 to 12 weeks after delivery, respectively; 73.3% (129/176 (of GDM women had at least one abnormal values of lipids. Pre-pregnancy BMI ≥ 25 and history of GDM in first relatives were associated risk factors for dyslipidemia in women with gestational diabetes. In multivariate analysis, only BMI ≥ 25 in healthy group remained as an independent risk factor for dyslipidemia 6 to 12 weeks postpartum. Conclusions: Dyslipidemia is highly prevalent in women with and without GDM at 6 to 12 weeks postpartum, particularly in overweight and obese women. Dyslipidemia and obesity are both modifiable risk factors for cardiovascular disease. © 2017, Iranian Red Crescent Medical Journal.
Pregnancy in women with complete transposition of the great arteries following the atrial switch procedure. A study from three of the largest Adult Congenital Heart Disease centers in Poland; Objective: We sought to identify maternal/neonatal and cardiovascular complications in pregnant women with complete transposition of great arteries (D-TGA) following atrial switch. Methods: Clinical records of all women with D-TGA after the Mustard/Senning (M/S) operation who were followed at the three largest Adult Congenital Heart Disease (ACHD) centers in Poland were reviewed. Results: Fifteen of the fifty-nine women followed had a total of 24 pregnancies, including two spontaneous miscarriages. Twenty-two pregnancies (92%) resulted in a live birth, 91% were by cesarean section. During 5 (23%) of the 22 completed pregnancies obstetric complications were observed (one gestational diabetes, one hypertension in pregnancy, one placenta increta and two preterm labors). The mean pregnancy duration was 37.2 weeks (range: 26–41 weeks).We observed one neonatal death due to extreme prematurity. Six (25%) children had a birth weight of ≤2500 g. None of women had severe cardiac complications during pregnancy nor in the postpartum period. Conclusions: In our study, we demonstrated a large number of obstetric complications and low birth weight in the presence of a systemic right ventricle. However, from a cardiologist’s point of view pregnancy after the M/S operation was well-tolerated and relatively safe. © 2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Sedentary behaviours during pregnancy: A systematic review; Background: In the general population, at least 50% of time awake is spent in sedentary behaviours. Sedentary behaviours are activities that expend less energy than 1.5 metabolic equivalents, such as sitting. The amount of time spent in sedentary behaviours is a risk factor for diseases such as type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and death from all causes. Even individuals meeting physical activity guidelines are at a higher risk of premature death and adverse metabolic outcomes if they sit for extended intervals. The associations between sedentary behaviour with type 2 diabetes and with impaired glucose tolerance are stronger for women than for men. It is not known whether sedentary behaviour in pregnancy influences pregnancy outcomes, but if those negative outcomes observed in general adult population also occur in pregnancy, this could have implications for adverse outcomes for mothers and offspring. We aimed to determine the proportion of time spent in sedentary behaviours among pregnant women, and the association of sedentary behaviour with pregnancy outcomes in mothers and offspring. Methods: Two researchers independently performed the literature search using 5 different electronic bibliographic databases. Studies were included if sedentary behaviours were assessed during pregnancy. Two reviewers independently assessed the articles for quality and bias, and extracted the relevant information. Results: We identified 26 studies meeting the inclusion criteria. Pregnant women spent more than 50% of their time in sedentary behaviours. Increased time in sedentary behaviour was significantly associated with higher levels of C Reactive Protein and LDL Cholesterol, and a larger newborn abdominal circumference. Sedentary behaviours were significantly higher among women who delivered macrosomic infants. Discrepancies were found in associations of sedentary behaviour with gestational weight gain, hypertensive disorders, and birth weight. No consistent associations were found between sedentary behaviour and other variables such as gestational diabetes. There was considerable variability in study design and methods of assessing sedentary behaviour. Conclusions: Our review highlights the significant time spent in sedentary behaviour during pregnancy, and that sedentary behaviour may impact on pregnancy outcomes for both mother and child. The considerable heterogeneity in the literature suggests future studies should use robust methodology for quantifying sedentary behaviour. © 2017 The Author(s).
Gestational diabetes mellitus and associated challenges from the perspective of nutrition science: A review article; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) as the main metabolic disorder in pregnancy has had an increasing prevalence in recent years. Nowadays intrauterine metabolic condition is considered as a critical risk factor for diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Evidence of fetal programming and its contribution as one of the evolutionary roots of human diseases provides a reason for improvements in controlling glucose metabolism in pregnant women, determining other nutrients, weight loss prior to pregnancy, having healthy diet, and preventing excessive weight gain during pregnancy. Medical Nutrition Therapy (MNT) is the initial treatment of GDM and obesity is a major challenge for dietary intervention during pregnancy consultations. Today, a high proportion of women are seen with high body mass index (BMI) before pregnancy and higher weight gain during pregnancy. In this paper, we provide a brief review on dietary intake and dietary interventions in GDM from the perspective of nutrition science scrutinizing the physiopathology and etiology of the disease. © 2017, Mazandaran University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Risk factors for perinatal birth defects in Zhangye: A long-term hospital-based study; Summary: To identify the factors contributing to birth defects using 18-year data for better intervention planning. Materials and Methods: A retrospective study was carried out using data collected from 169,155 perinatal infants at the city hospital of Zhangye from January 1996 to January 2012. Results: Among the infants, 289 had birth defects. Of them, 182 were detected before the birth with the incidence of 1.71% and detection rate of 62.98%; the perinatal mortality was 5.42%, while the mortality of defect infant was 175.42%. The most common defects were congenital heart disease, multiple finger (toe), cheiloschisis combined with palatochisis, and ear abnormalities. Univalent conditional logistic regression analysis showed that there were eight statistically significant risk maternal factors contributing to the birth defects, including fever, viral infection, gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertension, other disease, antibiotics, other drugs, and pesticide exposure in early pregnancy. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that exposure to pesticides (OR = 14. 43), viral infection (OR = 7. 65), the use of other drugs (OR = 6. 69), and antibiotics (OR = 6. 55) were associated with the birth defects. Conclusion: It is clear that the birth defects can be reduced by taking precautionary measures before and during pregnancy, by prenatal diagnosis, and by proper treatment of the children with defects.
Use of placental vascularization indices and uterine artery peak systolic velocity in early detection of pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes, chronic or gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia at risk; Aim We aimed to investigate correlations between uterine artery peak systolic velocity (AUtPSV), and placental vascularization in groups of normal blood pressure (NBP) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (chronic hypertension (CHT), gestational hypertension (GHT) and preeclampsia (PE)) alone or in combination with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and hypothesized that AUtPSV rises when GDM complicates pregnancy hypertension. Methods Placental 3-dimensional power Doppler indices, such as vascularization index (VI), flow index (FI), and vascularization- flow index (VFI), and uterine artery peak systolic velocity (AUtPSV) were measured in CHT (N = 43), CHT+GDM (N = 15), GHT (N = 57), GHT+GDM (N = 23) and PE (N = 17) pregnancies, and compared to NBP (N = 109). Correlations were analyzed between vascularization indices, AUtPSV, pregestational BMI and adverse pregnancy outcome rates. Results In our results VI was higher in CHT (P = 0.010), while FI was lower in CHT (P = 0.009), GHT and PE (P = 0.001) compared to NBP. In case of VFI, significant difference was found between CHT and GHT (P = 0.002), and NBP and PE (P = 0.001). FI was found prognostic for umbilical pH and neonatal birth weight. Pre-gestational BMI was significantly higher in GHT+GDM compared to GHT, and in CHT+GDM compared to the CHT group. As for AUtPSV, significant difference was found between NBP and CHT (P = 0.012), NBP and CHT+GDM (P = 0.045), NBP and GHT+GDM (P = 0.007), NBP and PE (P = 0.032), and GHT and GHT+GDM (P = 0.048) groups. Conclusion Our study revealed that vascularization indices and AUtPSV show significant differences due to gestational pathology, and can be useful in detection of pregnancies at risk.
Leptin and adiponectin as predictors of cardiovascular risk after gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life, but the mechanism remains unclear. Adipokine imbalance in the presence of metabolic dysfunction may be a key event in promoting CVD. The aim of the study was to examine the relationships between GDM, cardiovascular risk, and plasma adiponectin, leptin and the leptin/adiponectin (L/A) ratio in pregnancy and at 5 years after the index pregnancy. Methods: This population-based prospective cohort included 300 women who had an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy. Five years later, the OGTT was repeated along with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, lipid analysis, and pulse wave velocity analysis. Fasting adiponectin and leptin levels were measured four times during pregnancy and at follow-up. Results: We found the L/A ratio higher in GDM women both during pregnancy and follow-up compared to non-GDM women. A high L/A ratio during pregnancy was associated with CV risk based on lipid ratios at follow-up, especially the TG/HDL-C ratio. Further, interaction analysis indicated that an increase in the L/A ratio of 1 unit was associated with a higher CV risk in GDM compared to normal pregnancy. Finally, low adiponectin levels independently predicted increased lipid ratios at follow-up. Conclusions: Taken together, our findings suggest that high L/A ratio in pregnancy and in particularly in those with GDM are associated with an unfavorable CVD risk profile during follow-up. Future studies should investigate if a dysregulated leptin and adiponectin profile during pregnancy is associated with atherosclerotic disease during long-term follow-up. © 2017 The Author(s).
Evaluation of hypolipidemic effect of stem part of Berberis aristata in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients as add on therapy; Background: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is one of the oldest common metabolic disorders characterized by hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, negative nitrogen balance, and ketonemia. It is a one of the most important pathological conditions associated with dyslipidemia that affects the whole body system. Several types of DM exist and result by a complex interaction of genes and drugs, gestational diabetes, environmental factors such as stress and sedentary lifestyle choices. DM is the leading cause of end-stage renal disease, coronary artery disease, cerebrovascular disease, nontraumatic lower extremity amputations, and adult blindness. Aims and Objectives: This study was conducted to evaluate the hypolipidemic effect of stem part of Berberis aristata in patients of Type 2 DM with dyslipidemia as add on therapy. Materials and Methods: A prospective randomized open parallel group study was conducted in total 90 patients having high fasting blood sugar (FBS) and dyslipidemia of either sex in the age group of 30-60 years attending of outpatient/indoor Department of Medicine of Muzaffarnagar Medical College and Hospital, Muzaffarnagar, Uttar Pradesh, India. A total of 103 each Group 1 (N = 30) was taken as control while Group 2 (N = 30) and Group 3 (N = 30) was taken as study group who had received 1.5 and 3 g of B. aristata, respectively, as add on therapy along with their conventional antidiabetic and antihyperlipidemic (in certain number of patients) treatment. During the study, 13 patients (8 male and 5 female) did not complete the study and reason of premature withdrawal included protocol violation. Results: In our study, there were a statistically a highly significant improvement and stabilization of glycemic control in test Groups 2 and 3 when compared with control group (P < 0.01). In Groups 2 and 3, reduction of FBS level from 1 month onward. The mean high density lipoprotein level improved significantly in the Group 2 (P < 0.01) and highly significantly in Group 3 (P < 0.001) as compared to control. The mean total cholesterol level decreased no significantly in the Group 2 (P > 0.05) and highly significant in Group 3 (P < 0.001) as compared to control. The mean triglyceride level decreased highly significantly in the Group 2 and Group 3 (P < 0.001) as compared to control. The mean low density lipoprotein level decreased highly significant in the Group 2 and Group 3 (P < 0.001) as compared to control. Conclusion: It can be concluded that B. aristata as an add on therapy in Type 2 DM patients has a beneficial role with regard to the hyperglycemia and dyslipidemia very safe as no major side effects were observed affecting morbidity and mortality. Hence, B. aristata as an add on therapy could represent a good treatment option before initiating insulin and hypolipidemic therapy in diabetic patient with suboptional glycemic and lipideimic control to avoid unwanted adverse effects and can cut down cost of treatment. © 2017 Bhawana Sharma, et al.
Public Health Data in Action: An Analysis of Using Louisiana Vital Statistics for Quality Improvement and Payment Reform; Introduction In 2012, the Louisiana (LA) Department of Health and Hospitals revised the LA birth certificate to include medical reasons for births before 39 completed weeks’ gestation. We compared the completeness and validity of these data with hospital discharge records. Methods For births occurring 4/1/2012–9/30/2012 at Woman’s Hospital of Baton Rouge, we linked maternal delivery and newborn birth data collected through the National Perinatal Information Center with LA birth certificates. Among early term births (37–38 completed weeks’ gestation), we quantified the reasons for early delivery listed on the birth certificate and compared them with ICD-9-CM codes from Woman’s discharge data. Results Among 4353 birth certificates indicating delivery at Woman’s Hospital, we matched 99.8% to corresponding Woman’s administrative data. Among 1293 early term singleton births, the most common reasons for early delivery listed on the birth certificate were spontaneous active labor (57.5%), gestational hypertensive disorders (15.3%), gestational diabetes (8.7%), and premature rupture of membranes (8.1%). Only 2.7% of births indicated “other reason” as the only reason for early delivery. Most reasons for early delivery had >80% correspondence with ICD-9-CM codes. Lower correspondence (35 and 72%, respectively) was observed for premature rupture of membranes and abnormal heart rate or fetal distress. Discussion There was near-perfect ability to match LA birth certificates with Woman’s Hospital records, and the agreement between reasons for early delivery on the birth certificate and ICD-9-CM codes was high. A benchmark of 2.7% can be used as an attainable frequency of “other reason” for early delivery reported by hospitals. Louisiana implemented an effective mechanism to identify and explain early deliveries using vital records. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
GDM alters paracrine regulation of feto-placental angiogenesis via the trophoblast; Feto-placental angiogenesis and vascular development are tightly regulated by pro-A nd anti-angiogenic factors. Villous trophoblast may be a major source of these factors. It forms the classical placental barrier between mother and fetus, and is thus exposed to maternal influences as well. Metabolic and hormonal derangements in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affect feto-placental angiogenesis and vascular growth. Here we hypothesized that GDM alters the trophoblast secretome, which will modulate the paracrine regulation of feto-placental angiogenesis. Primary term trophoblasts were isolated from normal (n=6) and GDM (n=6) pregnancies. Trophoblast conditioned medium (CM) was used to investigate paracrine effects of normal and GDM-exposed trophoblasts on feto-placental endothelial cells (fpECs; n=7), using functional assays for 2D network formation, wound healing, chemotaxis, and proliferation. Gene expression of 23 pro-A nd anti-angiogenic factors was analyzed. Four trophoblast-derived paracrine regulators of angiogenesis were specifically measured in CM. CM from GDM trophoblasts increased 2D network formation of fpEC by 2.4-fold (P<0.001), whereas wound healing was attenuated by 1.8-fold (P=0.02) and chemo-attraction to the CM was reduced by 33±9% (P=0.02). The effect of CM on proliferation was unchanged between normal and GDM trophoblasts. Expression analysis of pro-A nd anti-angiogenic molecules in normal and GDM trophoblasts revealed significant differences in ANGPT2, HGF, KISS1 and PLGF expression. Analysis of secreted proteins demonstrated reduced pigment epithelium derived factor and tumor necrosis factor-α secretion by GDM trophoblasts. GDM alters the balance of trophoblast derived, angiogenesis modulating paracrine factors. This may contribute to GDM-associated changes in placental angiogenesis and vascular structure. © 2017 USCAP, Inc All rights reserved.
Neonates of diabetic mothers: The starting point for developing novel therapeutic approaches to ischemic heart and brain?; Diabetes mellitus represents the most common medical condition causing complications during pregnancy. However, there is still some controversy surrounding complications. Maternal hyperglycemia leads to fetal hyperglycemia. Offspring of diabetic mothers compensate excess glucose concentrations by producing higher levels of insulin causing transient hyperinsulinemia. Infants of diabetic mothers are at risk for congenital cardiac malformations, of which 40% are with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. However, regardless of severity, cardiac hypertrophy is transient with echocardiographic resolution within the first months after birth. Neonates of diabetic mothers are more likely to suffer from macrosomia that predisposes the infant to birth asphyxia brain damage. However, there is no evidence for an increase in the incidence of brain injury from perinatal asphyxia in macrosomic babies of diabetic mothers in comparison to macrosomic newborns of non-diabetic mothers. We hypothesize that infants of diabetic mother may represent the starting point for developing novel approaches to the treatment and prevention of obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, AMI and stroke at every age. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd
A review of the safety of clozapine during pregnancy and lactation; Clozapine is an antipsychotic used in the management of treatment-resistant schizophrenia. However, little is known about clozapine use during pregnancy and lactation, or its impact on the mother, foetus, and infant. This review aims to summarize the available literature on the safety of clozapine use during the perinatal period. EMBASE, PsycINFO, and MEDLINE were searched from their inceptions through June 2016. The review encompasses 21 studies that have examined clozapine use during pregnancy and lactation. The limited available data do not support an increased risk of congenital malformations in foetuses exposed to clozapine during pregnancy, though rates of gestational diabetes are twice as high in pregnant women using clozapine. Clozapine accumulation in foetal serum possibly contributes to increased rates of floppy infant syndrome at delivery, decreased foetal heart rate variability, and seizures in infancy. Clozapine crosses the placenta and also accumulates in breast milk, which may increase the risk of agranulocytosis in infants and may necessitate infant testing. The majority of these data come from case reports and case series, making it unclear if the published risks associated with clozapine are due to mental illness, lifestyle factors, or co-treatment with other psychotropic medications. While the available literature on clozapine use during the perinatal period is very limited, the risks of clozapine use during pregnancy and the postpartum period should be discussed with women and weighed against those associated with other treatments and partially or untreated schizophrenia. © 2016, Springer-Verlag Wien.
Metformin: From Research to Clinical Practice; Metformin is the recommended first-line oral glucose-lowering drug initiated to control hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus. It acts in the liver, small intestines, and skeletal muscles with its major effect on decreasing hepatic gluconeogenesis. It is safe, inexpensive, and weight neutral and can be associated with weight loss. It can reduce microvascular complication risk and its use is associated with a lower cardiovascular mortality compared with sulfonylurea therapy. It is also used to delay the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus, in treating gestational diabetes, and in women with polycystic ovary syndrome. © 2016 Elsevier Inc.
The role of polycarbonate monomer bisphenol-A in insulin resistance; Bisphenol A (BPA) is a synthetic unit of polycarbonate polymers and epoxy resins, the types of plastics that could be found in essentially every human population and incorporated into almost every aspect of the modern human society. BPA polymers appear in a wide range of products, from liquid storages (plastic bottles, can and glass linings, water pipes and tanks) and food storages (plastics wraps and containers), to medical and dental devices. BPA polymers could be hydrolyzed spontaneously or in a photo-or temperature-catalyzed process, providing widespread environmental distribution and chronic exposure to the BPA monomer in contemporary human populations. Bisphenol A is also a xenoestrogen, an endocrine-disrupting chemical (EDC) that interferes with the endocrine system mimicking the effects of an estrogen and could potentially keep our endocrine system in a constant perturbation that parallels endocrine disruption arising during pregnancy, such as insulin resistance (IR). Gestational insulin resistance represents a natural biological phenomenon of higher insulin resistance in peripheral tissues of the pregnant females, when nutrients are increasingly being directed to the embryo instead of being stored in peripheral tissues. Gestational diabetes mellitus may appear in healthy non-diabetic females, due to gestational insulin resistance that leads to increased blood sugar levels and hyperinsulinemia (increased insulin production from the pancreatic beta cells). The hypothesis states that unnoticed and constant exposure to this environmental chemical might potentially lead to the formation of chronic low-level endocrine disruptive state that resembles gestational insulin resistance, which might contribute to the development of diabetes. The increasing body of evidence supports the major premises of this hypothesis, as exemplified by the numerous publications examining the association of BPA and insulin resistance, both epidemiological and mechanistic. However, to what extent BPA might contribute to the development of diabetes in the modern societies still remains unknown. In this review, I discuss the chemical properties of BPA and the sources of BPA contamination found in the environment and in human tissues. I provide an overview of mechanisms for the proposed role of bisphenol A in insulin resistance and diabetes, as well as other related diseases, such as cardiovascular diseases. I describe the transmission of BPA effects to the offspring and postulate that gender related differences might originate from differences in liver enzyme levels, such as UDP-glucuronosyltransferase, which is involved in BPA processing and its elimination from the organism. I discuss the molecular mechanisms of BPA action through nuclear and membrane-bound ER receptors, non-monotonic dose response, epigenetic modifications of the DNA and propose that chronic exposure to weak binders, such as BPA, may mimic the effects of strong binders, such as estrogens. 2017 Pjanic.
Maternal Diabetes, Birth Weight, and Neonatal Risk of Congenital Heart Defects in Norway, 1994-2009; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between pregestational or gestational diabetes and offspring risk of congenital heart defects and the association between large-for-gestational-age birth weight and risk of cardiac defects in offspring of diabetic women. METHODS: Information on pregestational and gestational diabetes, cardiac defects, and birth weight among all births in Norway in 1994-2009 was ascertained from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway, national health registries, and the Cardiovascular Disease in Norway project. The relative risk (RR) compared offspring risk of cardiac defects for maternal diabetes with offspring risk in nondiabetic mothers adjusted for year of birth, maternal age, and parity. RESULTS: Among 914,427 births (live births, stillbirths, terminated pregnancies), 5,618 (0.61%) were complicated by maternal pregestational diabetes and 9,726 (1.06%) by gestational diabetes. Congenital heart defects were identified in 10,575 offspring. The prevalence of cardiac defects differed between groups: 344 of 10,000 births to women with pregestational diabetes, 172 of 10,000 to women with gestational diabetes, and 114 of 10,000 in women without diabetes (adjusted RRs 2.92, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.54-3.36 and 1.47, 95% CI 1.26-1.71). During the study period, the adjusted RRs for congenital heart defects did not change. The risk of cardiac defects in neonates very large for gestational age (birth weight greater than 3 standard deviations above the mean) was compared with neonates with birth weight appropriate for gestational age. For pregestational diabetes, the prevalences of offspring cardiac defects were 561 compared with 248 per 10,000 births (adjusted RR 2.23, 95% CI 1.39-3.59) and for gestational diabetes 388 compared with 132 per 10,000 (adjusted RR 2.73, 95% CI 1.53-4.85). CONCLUSION: The increased risk of having a child with a congenital heart defect has not changed for diabetic women in Norway since 1994. Among women with pregestational or gestational diabetes, having a large-for-gestational-age neonate was associated with a two- to threefold increased risk of cardiac defects compared with neonates with normal birth weight. © 2016 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Association of pregnancy complications and characteristics with future risk of elevated blood pressure; Pregnancy characteristics are associated with risk of cardiovascular diseases, but their independent associations with hypertension or blood pressure (BP) levels remain uncertain. We linked the Swedish Medical Birth Register with Västerbotten Intervention Program data (Northern Sweden). Using linear and logistic regression, we related pregnancy factors in any prior pregnancy with BP and hypertension at 40 years of age in 15 896 parous women free of prepregnancy hypertension. Pregnancy factors included parity, age at first delivery, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, placental abruption, shortest gestational age small for gestational age baby (<third percentile for birth weight) or stillbirth. We defined hypertension as systolic BP ≥140 mm Hg and diastolic BP ≥90 mm Hg or antihypertensive use. Multivariable models were adjusted for all pregnancy factors and potential lifestyle and sociodemographic confounders. At 40 years of age, 1535 women (9.6%) had hypertension. In multivariable models, lower parity, younger age at first birth, preeclampsia, small for gestational age, and placental abruption were independently associated with higher systolic and diastolic BP levels at 40 years of age. Younger age at first birth, preeclampsia, gestational age <32 versus ≥37 weeks, and small for gestational age were independently associated with hypertension. Our findings raise the possibility that earlier and more frequent BP screening may be desirable in women with these pregnancy characteristics. © 2017 American Heart Association, Inc.
Perinatal microbial exposure may influence aortic intima-media thickness in early infancy; Background: The maternal and infant microbiome may influence infant cardiovascular risk through immune programming. The maternal vagino-enteric microbiome is often sampled for group B streptococcus (GBS) colonization during pregnancy. Our aim was to investigate the association between maternal GBS colonization, intrapartum antibiotics, antenatal pet exposure and infant aortic intima-media thickness (aIMT), an intermediate vascular phenotype, and whether this association varied by mode of delivery. Methods: The Barwon Infant Study is a population-derived pre-birth cohort. Perinatal data were collected on participants. Women were tested for vagino-enteric group B streptococcus (GBS) colonization during third trimester. Six-week infant aIMT was measured by trans-abdominal ultrasound. Adjustment for confounders included maternal age, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), smoking, socioeconomic status, gestational diabetes, length of gestation, infant sex, birthweight and aortic internal diameter. Results: Data were available on 835 mother-infant pairs. Of these, 574 (69%) women delivered vaginally; of those, 129 (22%) were GBS-colonized; and of these women, 111 (86%) received prophylactic intrapartum antibiotics. An association between maternal GBS colonization and infant aIMT was observed among those delivered vaginally (β=19.5 mm, 95% CI 9.5, 29.4; P < 0.0001) but not by Caesarean section (P for interaction=0.02). A similar pattern was seen for intrapartum antibiotics. There was a negative association between antenatal pet exposure and aIMT observed in those delivered vaginally. Conclusion: Maternal GBS colonization and intrapartum antibiotics were associated with increased infant aIMT in those delivered vaginally, whereas antenatal pet exposure was associated with decreased aIMT. These data suggest that differences in early life microbial experience may contribute to an increased cardiovascular risk. © The Author 2016; all rights reserved.
Potential of metformin to improve cardiac risk in postpartum women with gestational diabetes; Objective: Pregnancy is associated with an increase in total cholesterol, high density lipoproteins (HDL), and low-density lipoproteins (LDL). Postpartum, HDL and LDL decrease over the first 12 weeks postpartum. Oxidized LDL (ox-LDL) is a marker of oxidative stress-related inflammation, which is associated with obesity and also with development of cardiovascular disease. Cardiovascular protection and weight loss are benefits from metformin, especially in women with diabetes. The objective of this study was to compare changes in lipid profiles and biomarkers for obesity during the initial 6 weeks postpartum between women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treated with metformin versus placebo. Methods: This was a planned ancillary study of a randomized controlled trial compares metformin versus placebo in women with GDM for postpartum weight loss. Two 3 mL blood samples were collected within 24 h of delivery and 6 weeks postpartum immediately processed after collection then stored at -20°C until completion of clinical trial prior to analysis. Change in the median plasma concentrations of total cholesterol, HDL, ox-LDL, glucose, insulin, leptin, and unacylated ghrelin were compared between study groups. Results: Of the 77 postpartum women were included, 35 received metformin and 42 received placebo. There was less of a reduction in HDL in the metformin group compared to placebo (-2.3 versus -7.5 mg/dL, p = 0.019). In addition, there was a greater reduction in ox-LDL in those receiving metformin (-12.2 versus -3.8 mg/dL, p = 0.038). No other differences were observed in the selected biomarkers evaluated. Conclusion: Biomarker levels of HDL and ox-LDL were positively affected during the initial 6 weeks postpartum in GDM women treated with metformin. Additional studies with a longer duration of metformin treatment in the postpartum period are warranted to evaluate long-term potential benefits. © 2017 Viteri, Sallman, Berens, Berens, Amro, Hutchinson, Ramin, Blackwell, Refuerzo and Smith.
Subclinical inflammation associated with prolonged TIMP-1 upregulation and arterial stiffness after gestational diabetes mellitus: A hospital-based cohort study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has significant implications for the future health of the mother. Some clinical studies have suggested subclinical inflammation and vascular dysfunction after GDM. We aimed to study whether concentrations of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-1 (TIMP-1), matrix metalloproteinase-8 (MMP-8) and -9, as well as values of arterial stiffness differ between women with and without a history of GDM a few years after delivery. We also investigated possible effects of obesity on the results. Methods: We studied two cohorts-120 women with a history of GDM and 120 controls-on average 3.7years after delivery. Serum concentrations of hsCRP were determined by immunonephelometric and immunoturbidimetric methods, MMP-8 by immunofluorometric assay, and MMP-9 and TIMP-1 by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays. Pulse wave velocity (PWV) was determined using the foot-to-foot velocity method from carotid and femoral waveforms by using a SphygmoCor device. Arterial compliance was measured non-invasively by an HDI/PulseWave™CR-2000 arterial tonometer. All 240 women were also included in subgroup analyses to study the effect of obesity on the results. Multiple linear regression analyses were performed with adjustment for confounding factors. Results: PWV after pregnancy complicated by GDM was significantly higher than after normal pregnancy, 6.44 ± 0.83 (SD) vs. 6.17 ± 0.74 m/s (p = 0.009). Previous GDM was also one of the significant determinants of PWV in multiple linear regression analyses. On the other hand, compliance indices of both large (p = 0.092) and small (p = 0.681) arteries did not differ between the study cohorts. Serum TIMP-1 levels were significantly increased after previous GDM (p = 0.020). However, no differences were found in the serum levels of MMP-8, MMP-9 or hsCRP. In subgroup analyses, there were significantly higher concentrations of hsCRP (p = 0.015) and higher PWV (p < 0.001) among obese women compared with non-obese ones. Conclusions: PWV values were significantly higher after GDM compared with normoglycemic pregnancies and were associated with prolonged TIMP-1 upregulation. Cardiovascular risk factors were more common in participants with high BMI than in those with previous GDM. © 2017 The Author(s).
Long-term risk of metabolic disorders in gestational diabetes mellitus mothers and offspring; Background: The incidence of Gestational Diabetes and Mellitus (GDM) is increasing at recent. It was hypothesized that offspring of mothers with GDM may have a relatively high risk for metabolic diseases, but there is still a controversy. Thus, this study aimed to investigate the long-term risk of glucose and lipid metabolic disorders in offspring of GDM mothers. Methods: GDM mothers (n=467) who gave birth in our department from February 1998 to July 2005 were enrolled and 123 patients were followed up (GDM group). Non-GDM mothers (n=80) admitted were also followed up (non-GDM group). Related clinical parameters of the offspring in both two groups were collected and analysed. Results: Compared with non-GDM mothers, GDM mothers had significantly higher serum fasting glucose (5.71 ± 0.95 vs. 5.3 ± 0.96 mmol/L) and triglyceride level (1.89 ± 0.68 vs. 1.68 ± 0.56 mmol/L), and there were more patients with overweight or obesity (33.33% vs. 20.0%), waist circumference ≥ 85 cm (39.02% vs. 23.75%), fasting glucose ≥ 6.1 mmol/L (28.46% vs. 13.75%), diastolic blood pressure ≥ 85 mmHg (18.70% vs. 6.25%) and metabolic syndrome (14.63% vs. 0.05%) (all Ps<0.05), respectively. The offspring in GDM group had higher serum fasting glucose and triglyceride and the percentage of the offspring with overweight or obesity (26.02% vs. 7.50%), fasting glucose ≥ 6.1 mmol/L (9.80% vs. 2.50%) and high triglyceride (12.19% vs. 3.75%) in GDM group was higher than that in non-GDM group (all Ps<0.05). Conclusions: The offspring of GDM mothers were prone to develop metabolic disorders including impaired glucose intolerance and hyperlipidemia, thus increasing the risk factors for cardiovascular disease. © 2017, Scientific Publishers of India. All rights reserved.
Assessment of fetal myocardial performance index in women with pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: Fetal cardiac left ventricular function in pregnant women with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus was investigated by exploring fetal myocardial performance index (MPI) and E wave/A wave peak velocity (E/A) ratio. Methods: Seventy pregnant women with either pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus and with no other systemic or pregnancy related disorders were compared with 70 gestational age matched healthy controls by means of fetal left ventricular MPI and E/A ratio. Opening and closing clicks of the mitral and aortic valves were used to define the three time periods: ejection time (ET), isovolumetric contraction time (ICT) and isovolumetric relaxation time (IRT), which were employed in the calculation of MPI (MPI = [ICT + IRT]/ET). Statistical analyses were conducted using receiver operating characteristic analysis and independent two-sample t, Mann–Whitney U and chi-square tests. Results: Fetal left ventricular MPI values were significantly higher in the diabetic group compared with controls (0.56 ± 0.09 vs 0.36 ± 0.04, P < 0.001), whereas E/A ratio was lower (0.66 ± 0.11 vs 0.69 ± 0.09, P = 0.049). The adverse perinatal outcome rate was also higher in the diabetic group. Receiver operating characteristic analysis revealed > 0.39 as the optimal cut-off level for MPI in perinatal adverse outcome prediction (sensitivity: 90.9%, specificity: 47.7%, area under the curve: 0.690, 95% confidence interval: 0.598–0.782, P < 0.001). Conclusions: We conclude that fetuses of diabetic mothers have significant left ventricular systolic and diastolic dysfunction. MPI may be used in the prediction of adverse perinatal outcome in diabetic pregnancies. © 2016 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology
Preventing stroke and assessing risk in women; Ischaemic stroke is rare in premenopausal women but risk increases with advancing age and doubles in the ten years following the menopause.  Up to the age of 75 years men have a 25% higher risk of suffering a stroke compared with women.  However, the increased life expectancy of women ultimately results in a higher overall incidence.  Twice as many women die from stroke compare with breast cancer.  Women with cerebrovascular disease are more likely to present with atypical symptoms than men.  Altered mental status (including unresponsiveness, confusion and behavioural change) is the most common nonconventional symptom, and is reported by 23% of women compared with 15% of men.  Other nonconventional symptoms reported more commonly by women include face or hemibody pain, lightheadedness and headache.  Atrial fibrillation (AF) and hypertension, although less common than in men, are more potent risk factors for stroke in women.  Compared with men with AF, women with AF are at increased risk of ischaemic stroke (6.2% versus 4.2% per year).  This increased risk persists in anticoagulated patients with a relative risk ratio of 2.0.  Pregnancy is a unique risk factor for stroke in women.  The risk is highest in the third trimester and peripartum period.  Women with hypertension in pregnancy, whether secondary to pre-existing disease, preeclampsia or eclampsia have a six-to nine-fold increased risk of stroke compared with normotensive women.  Preeclampsia doubles the risk of stroke in later life.  Gestational diabetes is also associated with higher risk of stroke extending beyond childbearing years.
Epidemiology of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy: Prevalence, risk factors, predictors and prognosis; Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP) represent some of the most important problems faced by public health because HDP is a major cause of maternal and prenatal morbidity and mortality. Several epidemiological studies have been performed to determine the prevalence and risk factors of HDP as well as its subtypes. The prevalences of HDP, gestational hypertension and preeclampsia are 5.2-8.2%, 1.8-4.4% and 0.2-9.2%, respectively. Body mass index, anemia and lower education appear to be modifiable risk factors for HDP. Maternal age, primiparous, multiple pregnancy, HDP in previous pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preexisting hypertension, preexisting type 2 diabetes mellitus, preexisting urinary tract infection and a family history of hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia appear to be nonmodifiable risk factors. Genetic variants including a single-nucleotide polymorphism in the angiotensinogen gene have also been reported to be nonmodifiable risk factors. Epidemiological studies have recently examined the associations between a history of HDP and its subtypes and future risks of other diseases. These studies have reported associations between a history of HDP and a risk of coronary heart disease, heart failure, dysrhythmia, stroke, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, end-stage renal dysfunction and cardiomyopathy. HDP is not associated with the future incidence of total cancer. In conclusion, HDP is not a rare complication of pregnancy and the influence of HDP remains for an extended duration. Physicians should consider the effects of HDP when treating chronic diseases in women. © 2017 The Japanese Society of Hypertension.
Iran diabetes research roadmap (IDRR) study; Analysis of diabetes comorbidity studies in iran: A review article; Background: Most adult patients with diabetes have at least one comorbid chronic condition and approximately 40% have three or more. The purpose of this study was to investigate detailed characteristics of studies examining comorbidities of diabetes in Iran and to identify knowledge gaps in this field. Methods: All documents published by Iranian authors in national and international journals until 2015 were evaluated. A wide search was performed in PubMed, Web of Science, SCOPUS as well as SID, IranMedex and Magiran databases using proper keywords. The obtained documents were categorized into eleven subgroups of complications, comorbidities, management, psychiatry, nutrition, prevention, physical activity, genetics, basic sciences, education and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Documents were categorized based on WHO and Australian National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) classification, the study methodology and topic. Results: Overall, 311 documents were obtained. The trend of publications was ascending since 2000. About 70% of studies were about epidemiology and causes of comorbid disease and more than 90% of studies were clinical research. The design of the most studies was cross-sectional followed by case-control and randomized clinical trial. The most common subject of documents was related to endocrine (28.61%) followed by gastrointestinal (18.32%) and cardiovascular disease (14.14%). Conclusion: Epidemiological studies are the most common type of studies about diabetes comorbidity in Iran and cross-sectional design is the most frequent methodology used while there are few cohorts. There is no study about physiopathology and shared etiology and pathogenesis of these comorbidities and diabetes. © 2017, Iranian Journal of Public Health. All rights reserved.
Epidemiology of Cardiac Arrest during Hospitalization for Delivery in Canada: A Nationwide Study; BACKGROUND: Cardiac arrest in pregnancy is a rare and devastating condition with high mortality and morbidity. The objective of this study was to generate information about maternal cardiac arrest in Canada by examining the frequency, temporal incidence, associated conditions, potential etiologies, and survival rates. METHODS: This retrospective population-based study used hospitalization data from the discharge abstract database of the Canadian Institute for Health Information relating to obstetric deliveries in Canada from April 1, 2002, to March 31, 2015. The data were accessed through the Public Health Agency of Canada's (PHAC) Canadian Perinatal Surveillance System. Cases of cardiac arrest were identified using the diagnostic and intervention codes from the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and the Canadian Classification of Health Interventions, respectively. Data on patient demographics, medical and obstetrical conditions, and potential etiologies of cardiac arrest were collected. Multivariable logistic regression analysis was used to identify conditions associated with cardiac arrest. RESULTS: There were 286 cases of maternal cardiac arrest among 3,568,597 hospitalizations for delivery during the 13-year period. A total of 204 (71.3%) women survived to hospital discharge (95% confidence interval, 65.7%-76.5%). There was no significant variation in the incidence of cardiac arrest or survival from arrest over time or across provinces. Among the pre-existing conditions, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, malignancy, and diseases of the respiratory and nervous system were found to be significantly associated with cardiac arrest. Among the obstetrical conditions, placental abnormalities and polyhydramnios were associated with cardiac arrest. The common potential etiologies included postpartum hemorrhage, heart failure, amniotic fluid embolism, and complications of anesthesia. CONCLUSIONS: In this first Canadian study, the incidence of cardiac arrest during pregnancy was found to be 1:12,500 deliveries. The survival rate reported in our study is higher than reported previously in other countries. Our study findings contribute to better inform the development and implementation of policies and programs in an effort to prevent and manage this condition. Copyright © 2017 International Anesthesia Research Society.
Pregnancy Outcomes Following Ulipristal Acetate Emergency Contraception Failure: A Report of Five Cases; Introduction: The emergency contraceptive ulipristal acetate (UPA) 30 mg is increasingly used by women, but there is no published data on UPA exposure in pregnancy. Case report: Here we describe five cases of unintended pregnancies following the use of UPA for emergency contraception. Of five pregnant women exposed to UPA, one decided to terminate the pregnancy for personal reasons. Two of them experienced premature rupture of membranes and the babies were born large for gestational age (LGA). The other two women experienced gestational diabetes, and one of them also delivered a LGA baby. The blood glucose levels of the mothers were normal after delivery and at six weeks postpartum. No birth defects and no growth or developmental abnormalities for the infants were reported during 6 months follow-up. Conclusion: Pregnant women inadvertently exposed to UPA should be monitored carefully, unless further data are available. © 2017 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Dietary advice interventions in pregnancy for preventing gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a form of diabetes occurring during pregnancy which can result in short- and long-term adverse outcomes for women and babies. With an increasing prevalence worldwide, there is a need to assess strategies, including dietary advice interventions, that might prevent GDM. Objectives: To assess the effects of dietary advice interventions for preventing GDM and associated adverse health outcomes for women and their babies. Search methods: We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register (3 January 2016) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-RCTs assessing the effects of dietary advice interventions compared with no intervention (standard care), or to different dietary advice interventions. Cluster-RCTs were eligible for inclusion but none were identified. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of the included studies. Data were checked for accuracy. The quality of the evidence was assessed using the GRADE approach. Main results: We included 11 trials involving 2786 women and their babies, with an overall unclear to moderate risk of bias. Six trials compared dietary advice interventions with standard care; four compared low glycaemic index (GI) with moderate- to high-GI dietary advice; one compared specific (high-fibre focused) with standard dietary advice. Dietary advice interventions versus standard care (six trials) Considering primary outcomes, a trend towards a reduction in GDM was observed for women receiving dietary advice compared with standard care (average risk ratio (RR) 0.60, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.35 to 1.04; five trials, 1279 women; Tau2 = 0.20; I2 = 56%; P = 0.07; GRADE: very low-quality evidence); subgroup analysis suggested a greater treatment effect for overweight and obese women receiving dietary advice. While no clear difference was observed for pre-eclampsia (RR 0.61, 95% CI 0.25 to 1.46; two trials, 282 women; GRADE: low-quality evidence) a reduction in pregnancy-induced hypertension was observed for women receiving dietary advice (RR 0.30, 95% CI 0.10 to 0.88; two trials, 282 women; GRADE: low-quality evidence). One trial reported on perinatal mortality, and no deaths were observed (GRADE: very low-quality evidence). None of the trials reported on large-for-gestational age or neonatal mortality and morbidity. For secondary outcomes, no clear differences were seen for caesarean section (average RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.24; four trials, 1194 women; Tau2 = 0.02; I2 = 36%; GRADE: low-quality evidence) or perineal trauma (RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.23 to 3.08; one trial, 759 women; GRADE: very low-quality evidence). Women who received dietary advice gained less weight during pregnancy (mean difference (MD) -4.70 kg, 95% CI -8.07 to -1.34; five trials, 1336 women; Tau2 = 13.64; I2 = 96%; GRADE: low-quality evidence); the result should be interpreted with some caution due to considerable heterogeneity. No clear differences were seen for the majority of secondary outcomes reported, including childhood/adulthood adiposity (skin-fold thickness at six months) (MD -0.10 mm, 95% CI -0.71 to 0.51; one trial, 132 children; GRADE: low-quality evidence). Women receiving dietary advice had a lower well-being score between 14 and 28 weeks, more weight loss at three months, and were less likely to have glucose intolerance (one trial). The trials did not report on other secondary outcomes, particularly those related to long-term health and health service use and costs. We were not able to assess the following outcomes using GRADE: postnatal depression; maternal type 2 diabetes; neonatal hypoglycaemia; childhood/adulthood type 2 diabetes; and neurosensory disability. Low-GI dietary advice versus moderate- to high-GI dietary advice (four trials) Considering primary outcomes, no clear differences were shown in the risks of GDM (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.63 to 1.31; four trials, 912 women; GRADE: low-quality evidence) or large-for-gestational age (average RR 0.60, 95% CI 0.19 to 1.86; three trials, 777 babies; Tau2 = 0.61; P = 0.07; I2 = 62%; GRADE: very low-quality evidence) between the low-GI and moderate- to high-GI dietary advice groups. The trials did not report on: hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; perinatal mortality; neonatal mortality and morbidity. No clear differences were shown for caesarean birth (RR 1.27, 95% CI 0.79 to 2.04; two trials, 201 women; GRADE: very low-quality evidence) and gestational weight gain (MD -1.23 kg, 95% CI -4.08 to 1.61; four trials, 787 women; Tau2 = 7.31; I2 = 90%; GRADE: very low-quality evidence), or for other reported secondary outcomes. The trials did not report the majority of secondary outcomes including those related to long-term health and health service use and costs. We were not able to assess the following outcomes using GRADE: perineal trauma; postnatal depression; maternal type 2 diabetes; neonatal hypoglycaemia; childhood/adulthood adiposity; type 2 diabetes; and neurosensory disability. High-fibre dietary advice versus standard dietary advice (one trial) The one trial in this comparison reported on two secondary outcomes. No clear difference between the high-fibre and standard dietary advice groups observed for mean blood glucose (following an oral glucose tolerance test at 35 weeks), and birthweight. Authors' conclusions: Very low-quality evidence from five trials suggests a possible reduction in GDM risk for women receiving dietary advice versus standard care, and low-quality evidence from four trials suggests no clear difference for women receiving low- versus moderate- to high-GI dietary advice. A possible reduction in pregnancy-induced hypertension for women receiving dietary advice was observed and no clear differences were seen for other reported primary outcomes. There were few outcome data for secondary outcomes. For outcomes assessed using GRADE, evidence was considered to be low to very low quality, with downgrading based on study limitations (risk of bias), imprecision, and inconsistency. More high-quality evidence is needed to determine the effects of dietary advice interventions in pregnancy. Future trials should be designed to monitor adherence, women's views and preferences, and powered to evaluate effects on short- and long-term outcomes; there is a need for such trials to collect and report on core outcomes for GDM research. We have identified five ongoing studies and four are awaiting classification. We will consider these in the next review update. © 2017 The Cochrane Collaboration.
A Canary in the Coal Mine: Reproductive Health and Cardiovascular Disease in Women; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of mortality in women in the United States. Compared with age-matched men, premenopausal women are protected against CVD, yet this difference dissipates after menopause. Hypogonadism underlies the shared increased CVD risk seen in menopause, primary ovarian insufficiency (POI), and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism. Early menarche and PCOS have also been associated with CVD risk factors, highlighting the importance of mediators other than deficient estrogen in the underlying etiology of this female-specific increased risk. Pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery are also associated with subsequent CV disease and offer early opportunities for the identification of risk. Preliminary evidence suggests a common underlying vascular pathology for ovarian aging and pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia. Research is needed to understand the shared pathophysiology of these female-specific risk factors for CVD and target interventions to change outcomes. © 2017 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Postpartum dyslipidaemia in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Diabetes mellitus is a known risk factor for cardiovascular disease which should prompt screening for other cardiovascular risk factors, including dyslipidaemia. Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are not routinely screened for cardiovascular risk factors. Aims: The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence of dyslipidaemia postpartum in women with GDM. Methods: The study was performed in a large university hospital. Women with GDM had a fasting lipid profile performed 6 weeks postnatally. Clinical details were obtained from the medical records. Lipid results in our cohort were compared with healthy women of the same age. Results: The overall prevalence of postpartum dyslipidaemia was 52 % (n = 51). Total cholesterol was raised in 44 % (n = 43), low-density lipoprotein was raised in 33 % (n = 32) and triglycerides were raised in 16 % (n = 16). Of the 51 women with dyslipidaemia, 73 % (n = 37) had more than one abnormality in their lipid profile. Four of the five women with an abnormal postpartum GTT had an abnormal lipid profile. Compared with healthy women of the same age, women with GDM had higher total cholesterol (p = 0.04), higher LDL (p = 0.003), higher triglycerides (p < 0.001) and lower HDL (p < 0.04). Conclusions: Women with GDM should be screened for dyslipidaemia postpartum and protective cardiovascular interventions offered where appropriate. © 2016, Royal Academy of Medicine in Ireland.
Effects of maternal obesity on maternal and fetal health; Obesity, as defined by body mass index (BMI) is one of the biggest challenges facing health care system including maternity services today, particularly in the industrialized nations. Maternal obesity is linked with a number of pregnancy complications including gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, venous thromboembolism, caesarean delivery, postpartum haemorrhage, macrosomia, shoulder dystocia and poor perinatal outcomes. Obesity has also been shown to be independently associated with higher odds of dying from specific pregnancy complications. These risks increases with increasing BMI and are highest in women with BMI ≥ 50. The mechanisms underlying these pathologies remain unclear. All obese women in reproductive age group should be counselled about weight gain, exercise programmes, nutrition and food choices, longer term health risks and increased risk of maternal and fetal complications, ideally before contemplating pregnancy. They should also be supported to lose weight and optimise their health before conception. Obese pregnant women should receive routine care supplemented by specialist services and facilities that are specific to their needs, to improve maternal and perinatal outcomes. © 2017 Bentham Science Publishers.
Prevalence of Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy in Fetuses of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes before Initiating Treatment; Objective To evaluate the prevalence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) in fetuses of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the beginning of the treatment. Methods A cross-sectional study was performed between July 1, 2013, and December 20, 2013, in a public maternity clinic in southern Brazil. The subjects were 63 fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes, with a single pregnancy and no other associated pathologies. We diagnosed HCM through a fetal echocardiography before treatment and evaluated the maternal and fetal characteristics. Results The average age of the pregnant women was 32.32 (±6.2) years, and the average gestational age at the time of the evaluation was 30.59 (±2.27) weeks. The interventricular septum thickness showed a standard deviation of more than two in 50.8% of the fetuses (95% confidence interval [95%CI]: 38.1–63.5%). The left ventricular wall thickness showed a standard deviation of more than 2 in 13 (20.6%) fetuses (95%CI: 11.1–30.2%). The HCM was confirmed in 54% of the fetuses (95%CI: 41.3–65.1%). The fetal abdominal circumference was normal in 46 (73%) fetuses, and 50% of these fetuses had HCM. Conclusion The prevalence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in fetuses of pregnant women with GDM before treatment was of 54% (95%CI: 41.3–65.1%). © 2017 by Thieme-Revinter Publicações Ltda, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Adverse health effects of particulate matter; Particulate matter (PM) is known to have serious health effects in individuals with respiratory or cardiovascular disease. Recent studies have shown that they also have noxious effects on cerebrovascular, metabolic, and neuropsychiatric disorders, as well as pregnancy. The aim of this study is to review the various diseases associated with PM in each human organ. Regarding respiratory diseases, PM has been associated with increased acute exacerbation in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, bronchial asthma, and several other respiratory diseases, resulting in increased hospitalization and mortality. In addition, PM increases the risk of lung cancer and accelerates the decline of lung function. Individuals with cardiovascular conditions such as ischemic heart disease, heart failure, hypertension, arrhythmia, and atherosclerosis have been also found to exhibit increased morbidity and mortality when exposed to PM. PM also has been reported to cause insulin resistance and to induce increasing rates of diabetes. During pregnancy, prolonged exposure to PM has been associated with increased rates of low birth weight and preterm birth. In individuals with neurological diseases, exposure to PM reduces cognitive ability and memory, and increases stroke incidence. It has been reported that PM also exacerbates psychiatric conditions, particularly depression and anxiety disorder. Thus, PM has been shown to exert very noxious health effects on the human body, with impacts including effects on respiratory and cerebrovascular diseases, cardiovascular diseases, neuropsychiatric diseases, and low birth weight. © Korean Medical Association.
Description of a New Predictive Modeling Approach That Correlates the Risk and Associated Cost of Well-Defined Diabetes-Related Complications with Changes in Glycated Hemoglobin (HbA1c); The modeling approach described here is designed to support the development of spreadsheet-based simple predictive models. It is based on 3 pillars: association of the complications with HbA1c changes, incidence of the complications, and average cost per event of the complication. For each pillar, the goal of the analysis was (1) to find results for a large diversity of populations with a focus on countries/regions, diabetes type, age, diabetes duration, baseline HbA1c value, and gender; (2) to assess the range of incidences and associations previously reported. Unlike simple predictive models, which mostly are based on only 1 source of information for each of the pillars, we conducted a comprehensive, systematic literature review. Each source found was thoroughly reviewed and only sources meeting quality expectations were considered. The approach allows avoidance of unintended use of extreme data. The user can utilize (1) one of the found sources, (2) the found range as validation for the found figures, or (3) the average of all found publications for an expedited estimate. The modeling approach is intended for use in average insulin-treated diabetes populations in which the baseline HbA1c values are within an average range (6.5% to 11.5%); it is not intended for use in individuals or unique diabetes populations (eg, gestational diabetes). Because the modeling approach only considers diabetes-related complications that are positively associated with HbA1c decreases, the costs of negatively associated complications (eg, severe hypoglycemic events) must be calculated separately. © 2016 Diabetes Technology Society.
Pregnancy characteristics and women’s cardiovascular health; Growing evidence indicates that women with a history of common pregnancy complications, including fetal growth restriction and preterm delivery (often combined as low birth weight), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease later in life. Here we review the associations of parity and these four pregnancy complications with cardiovascular morbidity and mortality and the role of cardiovascular risk factors before, during, and after pregnancy complications in explaining these associations. We explore the implications of these findings for research in life course health science and policy intended to avoid or mitigate these pregnancy-related effects. Findings suggest consistent and often strong associations of pregnancy complications with latent and future cardiovascular disease. Many pregnancy complications appear to be preceded by subclinical vascular and metabolic dysfunction, suggesting that the complications may be useful markers of latent high-risk cardiovascular trajectories. Pregnancy complications may be useful in identifying high-risk women, at a relatively early stage in their life course for screening, prevention, and treatment of cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of morbidity and mortality among women. © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s) 2018.
First-trimester serum fatty acid-binding protein 4 and subsequent gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To examine whether plasma fatty acidbinding protein 4 concentrations, measured in the first trimester, are associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: This prospective, multicenter cohort study was conducted at three maternity centers in two cities (Harbin and Beijing) in China from July 2015 to June 2016. Data for fasting plasma glucose and fatty acid-binding protein 4 concentrations in the first trimester and onestep GDM screening with a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test performed between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation were collected and analyzed. Results: Plasma from women in the first trimester was available for 1,150 women, of whom 135 (11.7%) developed GDM. The GDM distribution across the fatty acid-binding protein 4 quartiles ranged from 3.8% (first quartile) to 21.6% (fourth quartile). In multivariate models comparing the second (quartile 2), third, and fourth quartiles against the first quartile of fatty acid-binding protein 4, concentrations of fatty acid-binding protein 4 in quartile 2, quartile 3, and quartile 4 were associated with the development of GDM with respective associated adjusted odds ratios (95% CIs) of 1.76 (1.21-2.58), 2.36 (1.55-4.29), and 3.57 (1.99- 6.11). A significant difference in the area under receiver operating characteristic curve between established risk factors alone and the addition of fatty acid-binding protein 4 concentrations was observed (difference 0.042 [95% CI 0.028-0.055]; P=.03). Conclusions: Higher fatty acid-binding protein 4 concentrations in the first trimester visit were associated with increased risk of GDM and might be useful in identifying women at risk for GDM for early prevention strategies. © 2017 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Tissues Derived From Reprogrammed Wharton’s Jelly Stem Cells of the Umbilical Cord Provide an Ideal Platform to Study the Effects of Glucose, Zika Virus, and Other Agents on the Fetus; The infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of metabolic and cardiovascular disease. It has been difficult to study the direct effects of maternal hyperglycemia on the fetus because of inaccessibility of fetal tissues. The development of tissues that simulate the function of fetal organs using stem cell technology provides an unprecedented opportunity to study this disorder. Stem cells in the Wharton's jelly of the umbilical cord (hWJSCs), possess unique properties that are different from other stem cells. They are primitive, present in large numbers, non-tumorigenic, hypoimmunogenic, tumoricidal, and carry a genetic signature that represents the fetus. They are multipotent but their differentiation into functional pancreatic and cardiovascular tissues has been challenging. We have been able to reprogram hWJSCs from normal and GDM cords into induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) from which a variety of functional fetal tissues including insulin-producing and cardiovascular tissues could be derived. Such tissues from reprogrammed hWJSCs of normal and GDM cords that physiologically and genetically mimic the fetus of the diabetic or non-diabetic mother are an ideal platform to study the effects of glucose, the Zika virus, and other harmful agents on the fetus. The immature stemness phenotype of hWJSCs, easy accessibility, availability in large numbers without the need for propagation, and lower risk of accumulation of epigenetic mutations make them the most attractive candidate over other umbilical cord cell types for reprogramming. Additionally, some of their beneficial genes may be retained in memory in the iPSCs derived from them. J. Cell. Biochem. 118: 437–441, 2017. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Undiagnosed diabetes mellitus and related factors in East Gojjam (NW Ethiopia) in 2016: A community-based study; Introduction. Currently, diabetes is the second most common non-communicable disease (NCD) in Ethiopia. Its burden is 4.8% in this country, even though three quarter of its population live with undiagnosed diabetes mellitus (DM), which causes complications like heart failure, blood vessels, eyes, kidneys and nerves damages. Early detection of DM is vital for a timely intervention to prevent these life threatening complications. The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence of undiagnosed DM and related factors in East Gojjam, North West Ethiopia, in 2016. Materials and methods. A community-based cross-sectional study was conducted among 757 individuals in East Gojjam from June to September 2016. The sampled population was selected using multi-stage cluster sampling method. Basic data were collected in Amharic (local language) and a pretested interviewer administered the questionnaire. Peripheral blood samples were collected by puncturing the ring finger in order to measure fasting blood glucose. Univarite and multivariate logistic regressions analysis were performed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) software version 20.0. Results. The percentage of undiagnosed DM in the study area was 11.5% (95%CI=9.2, 13.7). The prevalence was 11.3% among male vs. 11.8% among female; 13.4% in urban areas vs. 10.3% in rural areas. The occurrence of undiagnosed DM was mainly associated with older age (AOR=5.99, 95%CI=1.54, 23.24), family history of diabetes (AOR=9.86, 95%CI=4.25, 22.89), history of gestational diabetes (AOR=3.01, 95%CI=1.17, 8.39) and sedentary behaviour >4 hours per day (AOR=2.13, 95%CI=1.04, 4.34). Being non-smoker (AOR=0.05, 95%CI=0.01, 0.17) and unmarried (AOR=0.09, 95%CI=0.02, 0.42) were also predictive characteristics for undiagnosed DM in the study area. Conclusions. In conclusion, this study revealed a relatively high prevalence of undiagnosed DM in the study area. The occurrence of undiagnosed DM was significantly higher when associated with the age of the participants, their marital status, history of hypertension, diabetes family history, history of gestational diabetes mellitus, current smoking practices and sedentary behaviour. Thus, efforts have to be made, particularly by the individuals involved in health practice, to early detect the disease and thereby initiate a suitable therapeutic service, before complications arise. © A.T. Wondemagegn et al., 2017.
Concluding remarks; The American adult population with diabetes is estimated to be 12% while over a third of those aged 20 and above might have prediabetes.1 In China, there are 114 million people with diabetes and 493 million people with prediabetes.2 The diabetes epidemic is also on the rise in India. In 2013, 67 million people in India are confirmed to have diabetes with another 30 million having prediabetes.3 The situation in Saudi Arabia is very serious concerning this country’s looming diabetes disaster. One in four Saudis is very likely to suffer a heart attack, and diabetes is the leading cause of cardiovascular disease.4 The report also revealed that more than 60% of diabetics die of a heart attack. Diabetes also brings other complications such as gestational diabetes, diabetic foot ulcers and heart diseases. In the US alone, the total cost of diagnosed diabetes was about $245 billion in 2013, a substantial burden on society 5. © 2017 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Drosophila melanogaster: An emerging model of transgenerational effects of maternal obesity; The prevalence of obesity in the world is endemic with one rapidly growing health concern being maternal obesity. Obesity during pregnancy increases the risk of gestational diabetes, miscarriage, and preeclampsia, while rendering offspring susceptible to developmental anomalies and long-term metabolic complications including type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Several studies in humans and rodents demonstrate a correlation between the risks of maternal overnutrition and factors such as epigenetics, mitochondrial dysfunction, insulin resistance, ER stress, and immune system disruption. At present, the molecular mechanisms connecting these factors to maternal obesity are unknown. This review focuses on the use of Drosophila melanogaster to study human metabolic diseases, including obesity, and its emerging use to elucidate the mechanisms of maternal overnutrition and the impact on offspring. © 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd
Pregnancy: An underutilized window of opportunity to improve long-term maternal and infant health-An appeal for continuous family care and interdisciplinary communication; Physiologic adaptations during pregnancy unmask a woman's predisposition to diseases. Complications are increasingly predicted by first-trimester algorithms, amplify a pre-existing maternal phenotype and accelerate risks for chronic diseases in the offspring up to adulthood (Barker hypothesis). Recent evidence suggests that vice versa, pregnancy diseases also indicate maternal and even grandparent's risks for chronic diseases (reverse Barker hypothesis). Pub-Med and Embase were reviewed for Mesh terms "fetal programming" and "pregnancy complications combined with maternal disease" until January 2017. Studies linking pregnancy complications to future cardiovascular, metabolic, and thrombotic risks for mother and offspring were reviewed. Women with a history of miscarriage, fetal growth restriction, preeclampsia, preterm delivery, obesity, excessive gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes, subfertility, and thrombophilia more frequently demonstrate with echocardiographic abnormalities, higher fasting insulin, deviating lipids or clotting factors and show defective endothelial function. Thrombophilia hints to thrombotic risks in later life. Pregnancy abnormalities correlate with future cardiovascular and metabolic complications and earlier mortality. Conversely, women with a normal pregnancy have lower rates of subsequent diseases than the general female population creating the term: "Pregnancy as a window for future health." Although the placenta works as a gatekeeper, many pregnancy complications may lead to sickness and earlier death in later life when the child becomes an adult. The epigenetic mechanisms and the mismatch between pre- and postnatal life have created the term "fetal origin of adult disease." Up to now, the impact of cardiovascular, metabolic, or thrombotic risk profiles has been investigated separately for mother and child. In this manuscript, we strive to illustrate the consequences for both, fetus and mother within a cohesive perspective and thus try to demonstrate the complex interrelationship of genetics and epigenetics for long-term health of societies and future generations. Maternal-fetal medicine specialists should have a key role in the prevention of non-communicable diseases by implementing a framework for patient consultation and interdisciplinary networks. Health-care providers and policy makers should increasingly invest in a stratified primary prevention and follow-up to reduce the increasing number of manifest cardiovascular and metabolic diseases and to prevent waste of health-care resources. © 2017 Arabin and Baschat.
Clinical management of pregnancy in the obese mother: before conception, during pregnancy, and post partum; The global epidemic of obesity has led to an increasing number of obese women of reproductive age. Obesity is associated with reduced fertility, and pregnancies complicated by maternal obesity are associated with adverse outcomes, including increased risk of gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, preterm birth, instrumental and caesarean births, infections, and post-partum haemorrhage. The medical and obstetric management of obese women is focused on identifying, addressing, and preventing some of these associated complications, and is a daunting challenge given the high percentage of patients with obesity and few therapeutic options proven to improve outcomes in this population. The UK's National Institute for Health and Care Excellence guidelines and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommend that all pregnant women follow a healthy diet, and consider at least half an hour of moderate physical activity per day during pregnancy. However, although obese women are often directed to seek the advice of a nutritionist and to limit gestational weight gain, guidelines for the management of pregnancy and delivery in this high-risk group are lacking. The post-partum period represents an important opportunity to optimise maternal health before the next pregnancy. As many of the physiological changes of pregnancy associated with maternal obesity are present from early pregnancy onward, reducing maternal obesity before conception is probably the best strategy to decrease the health burden associated with maternal obesity. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd
Preconceptional and maternal obesity: epidemiology and health consequences; Obesity in women of reproductive age is increasing in prevelance worldwide. Obesity reduces fertility and increases time taken to conceive, and obesity-related comorbidities (such as type 2 diabetes and chronic hypertension) heighten the risk of adverse outcomes for mother and child if the woman becomes pregnant. Pregnant women who are obese are more likely to have early pregnancy loss, and have increased risk of congenital fetal malformations, delivery of large for gestational age infants, shoulder dystocia, spontaneous and medically indicated premature birth, and stillbirth. Late pregnancy complications include gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia, both of which are associated with long-term morbidities post partum. Women with obesity can also experience difficulties during labour and delivery, and are more at risk of post-partum haemorrhage. Long-term health risks are associated with weight retention after delivery, and inherent complications for the next pregnancy. The wellbeing of the next generation is also compromised. All these health issues could be avoided by prevention of obesity among women of reproductive age, which should be viewed as a global public health priority. For women who are already obese, renewed efforts should be made towards improved management during pregnancy, especially of blood glucose, and increased attention to post-partum weight management. Effective interventions, tailored to ethnicity and culture, are needed at each of these stages to improve the health of women and their children in the context of the global obesity epidemic. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd
Fetal heart monitor tracing in a pregnancy complicated by a ruptured fetal vessel on the placenta: A case report; BACKGROUND: This report describes the fetal heart rate (FHR) tracing in a pregnancy complicated by antenatal spontaneous rupture of fetal vessels on the placental surface that resulted in a live birth. CASE: A 36-year-old woman, G2P1001, was being followed with weekly antenatal testing for gestational diabetes type A2 on insulin with possible intrauterine growth restriction. She presented for an office visit at 37.5 weeks’ gestation with a complaint of decreased fetal movement. The FHR pattern demonstrated minimal baseline variability with an occasional spontaneous deceleration not associated with a contraction, an absence of recurrent decelerations, and no accelerations. The antenatal evaluation is discussed, and portions of the FHR tracing and the placental findings at delivery are provided. CONCLUSION: The FHR pattern did not fit with what is usually depicted with uteroplacental insufficiency or umbilical cord entrapment. In addition, even though the fetus is anemic, the process may occur too quickly for a sinusoidal pattern to develop. © Journal of Reproductive Medicine®, Inc.
Dynamic left ventricular changes in patients with gestational diabetes: A speckle tracking echocardiography study; Purpose: The left ventricle (LV) undergoes physiologic remodeling in adaptation to the hemodynamic changes that occur in pregnancy. Speckle tracking echocardiography (STE) is a novel and reliable tool to evaluate subtle myocardial alterations that have been utilized to assess myocardial changes in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) but not in patients with gestational DM (GDM). We seek to evaluate changes in LV function using STE in patients with GDM compared with women with normal pregnancy. Methods: This was a single-center retrospective cohort study. A total of 312 pregnant patients that underwent transthoracic echocardiogram (TTE) between 2009 and 2014 were screened. After excluding patients with comorbidities or insufficient data, 90 women were included. TTE from the second and third trimester for each patient were then reviewed, and STE analysis was performed. Results: Of the 90 subjects, 72 had normal pregnancies and 18 developed GDM. There was no difference in LV end-diastolic diameter (4.73 ± 0.40 versus 4.60 ± 0.56, p = 0.25), LV end-systolic diameter (3.12 ± 0.35 versus 2.91 ± 0.61, p = 0.152), or ejection fraction (62.26 ± 4.12 versus 63.50 ± 5.24, p = 0.314) between the two groups. Global longitudinal strain was lower (−19.8 ± 3.34 versus −17.2 ± 2.18, p < 0.001) in patients with GDM, while time-to-peak strain was greater (0.43 ± 0.05 versus 0.50 ± 0.06, p < 0.001). Circumferential and radial strains were preserved in both groups. Conclusions: Although conventional TTE variables show preserved LV size and function, LV longitudinal strain suggests subclinical myocardial dysfunction in patients with GDM. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Clin Ultrasound 45:20–27, 2017. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Prescribing exercise for prevention and treatment of gestational diabetes: review of suggested recommendations; Exercise has been proved to be safe during pregnancy and to offer benefits for both mother and fetus; moreover, physical activity may represent a useful tool for gestational diabetes prevention and treatment. Therefore, all women in uncomplicated pregnancy should be encouraged to engage in physical activity as part of a healthy lifestyle. However, exercise in pregnancy needs a careful medical evaluation to exclude medical or obstetric contraindications to exercise, and an appropriate prescription considering frequency, intensity, type and duration of exercise, to carefully balance between potential benefits and potential harmful effects. Moreover, some precautions related to anatomical and functional adaptations observed during pregnancy should be taken into consideration. This review summarized the suggested recommendations for physical activity among pregnant women with focus on gestational diabetes. © 2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Associations of polymorphisms in the candidate genes for Alzheimer’s disease BIN1, CLU, CR1 and PICALM with gestational diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance; Alzheimer’s disease (AD) is the most common type of dementia, with a prevalence that is rising every year. AD is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and insulin resistance, and is therefore sometimes called “type 3 diabetes mellitus”. The aim of this study was to examine whether the variants of some candidate genes involved in the development of AD, namely BIN1 (rs744373), CLU (rs11136000), CR1 (rs3818361), and PICALM (rs3851179), are related to several disorders of glucose metabolism—gestational diabetes (GDM), T2DM and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Our study included 550 women with former GDM and 717 control women, 392 patients with T2DM and 180 non-diabetic controls, and 117 patients with IGT and 630 controls with normal glucose tolerance. Genotyping analysis was performed using specially-designed TaqMan assays. No significant associations of the genetic variants rs744373 in BIN1, rs11136000 in CLU, or rs3818361 in CR1 were found with GDM, T2DM or IGT, but rs3851179 in PICALM was associated with an increased risk of GDM. The frequency of the AD risk-associated C allele was significantly higher in the GDM group compared to controls: OR 1.21; 95% CI (1.03–1.44). This finding was not apparent in T2DM and IGT; conversely, the C allele of the PICALM SNP was protective for IGT: OR 0.67; 95% CI (0.51–0.89). This study demonstrates an association between PICALM rs3851179 and GDM as well as IGT. However, elucidation of the possible role of this gene in the pathogenesis of GDM requires further independent studies. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.
Unfavorable cytokine and adhesion molecule profiles during and after pregnancy, in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus is a significant risk factor for metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease. Aims To assess the relationships between components of the metabolic syndrome and cytokine and adhesion molecule levels in women with GDM during pregnancy and after delivery. Patients and methods A prospective case–control study on a sample of 126 pregnant women (63 with and 63 without gestational diabetes mellitus). In an intra-subject analysis, 41 women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus and 21 controls were re-assessed in the postpartum period. Clinical data and levels of cytokines and adhesion molecules were recorded during weeks 24–29 of pregnancy and 12 months after delivery. Results In the postpartum period, there were significantly higher levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha in both cases and controls, and of adiponectin in controls. Cases showed higher leptin levels, with no significant differences during and after pregnancy. No significant differences were seen in adhesion molecules and interleukin-6 between cases and controls during pregnancy and in the postpartum period, but levels of both were higher in cases. During pregnancy and after delivery, adiponectin decreased in cases and increased in controls. Significant positive correlations were seen between adiponectin and fasting blood glucose levels and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, and also between leptin and tumor necrosis factor alpha levels. Conclusions The results suggest that increased inflammation and transient hyperglycemia during pregnancy would represent a latent form of metabolic syndrome, with an increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and future cardiovascular disease. © 2017 SEEN
Assessment of a personalized and distributed patient guidance system; Objectives The MobiGuide project aimed to establish a ubiquitous, user-friendly, patient-centered mobile decision-support system for patients and for their care providers, based on the continuous application of clinical guidelines and on semantically integrated electronic health records. Patients would be empowered by the system, which would enable them to lead their normal daily lives in their regular environment, while feeling safe, because their health state would be continuously monitored using mobile sensors and self-reporting of symptoms. When conditions occur that require medical attention, patients would be notified as to what they need to do, based on evidence-based guidelines, while their medical team would be informed appropriately, in parallel. We wanted to assess the system's feasibility and potential effects on patients and care providers in two different clinical domains. Materials and methods We describe MobiGuide's architecture, which embodies these objectives. Our novel methodologies include a ubiquitous architecture, encompassing a knowledge elicitation process for parallel coordinated workflows for patients and care providers; the customization of computer-interpretable guidelines (CIGs) by secondary contexts affecting remote management and distributed decision-making; a mechanism for episodic, on demand projection of the relevant portions of CIGs from a centralized, backend decision-support system (DSS), to a local, mobile DSS, which continuously delivers the actual recommendations to the patient; shared decision-making that embodies patient preferences; semantic data integration; and patient and care provider notification services. MobiGuide has been implemented and assessed in a preliminary fashion in two domains: atrial fibrillation (AF), and gestational diabetes Mellitus (GDM). Ten AF patients used the AF MobiGuide system in Italy and 19 GDM patients used the GDM MobiGuide system in Spain. The evaluation of the MobiGuide system focused on patient and care providers’ compliance to CIG recommendations and their satisfaction and quality of life. Results Our evaluation has demonstrated the system's capability for supporting distributed decision-making and its use by patients and clinicians. The results show that compliance of GDM patients to the most important monitoring targets – blood glucose levels (performance of four measurements a day: 0.87 ± 0.11; measurement according to the recommended frequency of every day or twice a week: 0.99 ± 0.03), ketonuria (0.98 ± 0.03), and blood pressure (0.82 ± 0.24) – was high in most GDM patients, while compliance of AF patients to the most important targets was quite high, considering the required ECG measurements (0.65 ± 0.28) and blood-pressure measurements (0.75 ± 1.33). This outcome was viewed by the clinicians as a major potential benefit of the system, and the patients have demonstrated that they are capable of self-monitoring – something that they had not experienced before. In addition, the system caused the clinicians managing the AF patients to change their diagnosis and subsequent treatment for two of the ten AF patients, and caused the clinicians managing the GDM patients to start insulin therapy earlier in two of the 19 patients, based on system's recommendations. Based on the end-of-study questionnaires, the sense of safety that the system has provided to the patients was its greatest asset. Analysis of the patients’ quality of life (QoL) questionnaires for the AF patients was inconclusive, because while most patients reported an improvement in their quality of life in the EuroQoL questionnaire, most AF patients reported a deterioration in the AFEQT questionnaire. Discussion Feasibility and some of the potential benefits of an evidence-based distributed patient-guidance system were demonstrated in both clinical domains. The potential application of MobiGuide to other medical domains is supported by its standards-based patient health record with multiple electronic medical record linking capabilities, generic data insertion methods, generic medical knowledge representation and application methods, and the ability to communicate with a wide range of sensors. Future larger scale evaluations can assess the impact of such a system on clinical outcomes. Conclusion MobiGuide's feasibility was demonstrated by a working prototype for the AF and GDM domains, which is usable by patients and clinicians, achieving high compliance to self-measurement recommendations, while enhancing the satisfaction of patients and care providers. © 2017 Elsevier B.V.
Delivery outcomes of term pregnancy complicated by idiopathic polyhydramnios; Objective Polyhydramnios is associated with an increased risk of cesarean section. The aetiology of polyhydramnios and the characteristics of the labour may be confounding factors. The objective was to study the characteristics and mode of delivery in case of pregnancy complicated with idiopathic polyhydramnios. Methods This retrospective matched and controlled study included all pregnant women with idiopathic polyhydramnios (amniotic index > 25 cm or single deepest pocket > 8 cm) diagnosed at the 2nd or 3rd trimester and persistent at term delivery (> 37 weeks of pregnancy) in our institution. We excluded pregnancies in which the polyhydramnios could be explained by infection, gestational diabetes, congenital malformation, abnormal karyotype, placental anomalies, alloimmunization as well as pregnancies in which an amniocentesis for the purpose of diagnosis had not been performed. Data were gathered from a tertiary care university hospital register from 1998–2015. Cases of polyhydramnios were matched with the following two women who presented for labour management with spontaneous cephalic presentation, matching for delivery date, maternal age, parity, body mass index. The main outcome measure was the risk of cesarean section. Univariate and multivariate adjusted analysis were performed. Results We identified 108 women with idiopathic polyhydramnios and compared them with 216 matched women. Among them, 94 and 188 attempted a trial of labour. Maternal age, mean term delivery and birthweight were 31 years, 39 + 5weeks gestation and 3550 g. We did not observe differences in maternal characteristics, epidural analgesia and rate of abnormal fetal heart tracing. Induced labour and non-vertex presentations (forehead, bregma, face) were more frequent in the polyhydramnios group (respectively 57.9% versus 27.8%, P < 0.05 and 7.8% versus 1%, P < 0.05). Cesarean section rate was higher in the case of polyhydramnios in the overall population (45.4% versus 8%, P < 0.05) and remained higher after exclusion of cases of induced labour and non-vertex presentation (38.4% versus 3.8%, P < 0.05). Amniotomy was more frequent in pregnancies with polyhydramnios (55.8% versus 39.1%, P < 0.05). After adjustment for matching and confounding variables, polyhydramnios was found to be a risk factor for cesarean section (OR 21.02; CI 95% 8.004–55.215, P < 0.01). Conclusion Idiopathic polyhydramnios increased the risk of prolonged first stage of labour, non-vertex presentation and cesarean section. © 2017 Elsevier Masson SAS
Gestational diabetes mellitus: an evaluation of gynecologists’ knowledge of guidelines and counseling behavior; Purpose: Knowledge of risks, adequate pre- and post-partum care, and counseling is essential to reduce short- and long-term consequences for women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and their offspring. Our study explored the current GDM guideline knowledge and practiced patient counseling of private gynecologists in Germany. Methods: A survey assessing the GDM guidelines and patient counseling was mailed to 775 practicing gynecologists. We evaluated the knowledge of maternal and offspring disease risks, counseling practice, and guideline awareness. Descriptive statistics were used to analyze the responses and Chi-Square or Fisher exact test to explore differences between groups. Results: Of the 418 private gynecologists (54.1 % response rate) who responded, the majority was aware of obesity and GDM in the previous pregnancy as risk factors for GDM. To a lesser extent, risk factors like recurrent miscarriages and stillbirth were recalled. Eighty percent stated that GDM was associated with a higher risk for the development for hypertension and 96 % with type 2 diabetes in the mother. Respondents with knowledge of the current GDM guidelines were more often aware of the development of chronic diseases, counseled patients more frequently, and performed post-partum glucose screenings more regularly compared with private gynecologists with no knowledge of the guidelines. Conclusions: The majority of participants incorporated recent recommendations into their practice patterns for GDM. Providing private gynecologists with additional training may further improve care for women with GDM-affected pregnancies. © 2016, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system gene polymorphisms in gestational hypertension and preeclampsia: A case-control gene-association study; Pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH, including preeclampsia [PE] and gestational hypertension [GH]) and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) have some metabolic changes and risk factors in common. Many studies have reported associations between single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) genes and CVDs (particularly hypertension), and their findings have provided candidate SNPs for research on genetic correlates of PIH. We explored the association between hypertension-related RAAS SNPs and PIH in a Chinese population. A total of 130 cases with PE, 67 cases with GH, and 316 controls were recruited. Six candidate SNPs of the RAAS system were selected. Multiple logistic regression analysis adjusting for maternal age, fetal sex, and gestational diabetes mellitus showed significant associations between angiotensinogen (AGT) rs3789678 T/C and GH (p = 0.0088) and between angiotensin II receptor type 1 (AGTR1) rs275645 G/A and PE (p = 0.0082). The study population was further stratified by maternal age (<30 and ≥30 years), and stratified and crossover analyses were conducted to determine genetic associations in different age groups. Our findings suggest that the impacts of different SNPs might be affected by maternal age; however, the effect of this potential gene-age interaction on PIH needs further exploration. © 2016 The Author(s).
Thyroid hormone treatment among pregnant women with subclinical hypothyroidism: US national assessment; Objective To estimate the effectiveness and safety of thyroid hormone treatment among pregnant women with subclinical hypothyroidism. Design Retrospective cohort study. Setting Large US administrative database between 1 January 2010 and 31 December 2014. Participants 5405 pregnant women with subclinical hypothyroidism, defined as untreated thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) concentration 2.5-10 mIU/L. Exposure Thyroid hormone therapy. Main outcom e measure Pregnancy loss and other pre-specified maternal and fetal pregnancy related adverse outcomes. Results Among 5405 pregnant women with subclinical hypothyroidism, 843 with a mean pre-treatment TSH concentration of 4.8 (SD 1.7) mIU/L were treated with thyroid hormone and 4562 with a mean baseline TSH concentration of 3.3 (SD 0.9) mIU/L were not treated (P<0.01). Compared with the untreated group, treated women had lower adjusted odds of pregnancy loss (odds ratio 0.62, 95% confidence interval 0.48 to 0.82) but higher odds of preterm delivery (1.60, 1.14 to 2.24), gestational diabetes (1.37, 1.05 to 1.79), and pre-eclampsia (1.61, 1.10 to 2.37); other pregnancy related adverse outcomes were similar between the two groups. The adjusted odds of pregnancy loss were lower in treated women than in untreated women if their pre-treatment TSH concentration was 4.1-10 mIU/L (odds ratio 0.45, 0.30 to 0.65) but not if it was 2.5-4.0 mIU/L (0.91, 0.65 to 1.23) (P<0.01). Conclusion Thyroid hormone treatment was associated with decreased risk of pregnancy loss among women with subclinical hypothyroidism, especially those with pre-treatment TSH concentrations of 4.1-10 mIU/L. However, the increased risk of other pregnancy related adverse outcomes calls for additional studies evaluating the safety of thyroid hormone treatment in this patient population.
The association of family history of premature cardiovascular disease or diabetes mellitus on the occurrence of gestational hypertensive disease and diabetes; Background: Gestational hypertensive diseases (GHD) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. However, the association between gestational medical diseases and familial history of CVD has not been investigated to date. In the present study, we examined the association between familial history of CVD and GHD or GDM via reliable questionnaires in a large cohort of registered nurses. Methods: The Korean Nurses' Survey was conducted through a web-based computer-assisted self-interview, which was developed through consultation with cardiologists, gynecologists, and statisticians. We enrolled a total of 9,989 female registered nurses who reliably answered the questionnaires including family history of premature CVD (FHpCVD), hypertension (FHH), and diabetes mellitus (FHDM) based on their medical knowledge. Either multivariable logistic regression analysis or generalized estimation equation was used to clarify the effect of positive family histories on GHD and GDM in subjects or at each repeated pregnancy in an individual. Results: In this survey, 3,695 subjects had at least 1 pregnancy and 8,783 cumulative pregnancies. Among them, 247 interviewees (6.3%) experienced GHD and 120 (3.1%) experienced GDM. In a multivariable analysis adjusted for age, obstetric, and gynecologic variables, age at the first pregnancy over 35 years (adjusted OR 1.61, 95% CI 1.02-2.43) and FHpCVD (adjusted OR 1.60, 95% CI 1.16-2.22) were risk factors for GHD in individuals, whereas FHH was not. FHDM and history of infertility therapy were risk factors for GDM in individuals (adjusted OR 2.68, 95% CI 1.86-3.86; 1.84, 95% CI 1.05-3.23, respectively). In any repeated pregnancies in an individual, age at the current pregnancy and at the first pregnancy, and FHpCVD were risk factors for GHD, while age at the current pregnancy, history of infertility therapy, and FHDM were risk factors for GDM. Conclusions: The FHpCVD and FHDM are significantly associated with GHD and GDM, respectively. Meticulous family histories should be obtained, and women with family histories of these conditions should be carefully monitored during pregnancy. © 2016 Choi et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Indication guidelines for fetal echocardiography and their influence on prenatal diagnosis of a heart disease; Descriptive study: Fetal echocardiography indications and their role in the development of congenital heart defects in newborns. Hypothesis: Congenital heart defects (CHDs) are the most common birth defects diagnosed with the aid of fetal echocardiography (FE) in pregnant women with certain risk factors for CHD, enabling early treatment. Aim: of this study was to determine the connection between the indications which prompted physicians to refer pregnant women for FE and the CHDs caused by these indications. Results: The study involved 1374 pregnant women with 1380 pregnancies, referred by their primary gynecologist and examined in the Fetal cardiology clinic of theUniversity Hospital Centre Zagreb, Croatia, between the 1st January 2012 and the 1st January 2015. Most indications for FE were determined by obstetricians, while some pregnant women were referred for FE by their rheumatologist, genetic medicine specialist or physicians of other subspecialties. A few pregnant women were examined at their own request. The incidence of CHD was 14.2% (196 fetuses were diagnosed out of 1380 examined), the most common being ventricular septal defect (25%), complex CHD (15.3%), arrhythmia (14.79%), cardiomyopathy (10.71%), coarctation of the aorta (7.65%), aortic valve stenosis (6.12%) and bicuspid aortic valve (3.06%). Pathology was more likely to be detected in pregnant women referred for FE with a specific indication, in comparison to those sent for a routine examination. Conclusion: Fetal echocardiography is diagnostically most efficient if we adhere to the prescribed indications which may indicate a primary heart disease (CHD in family, arrhythmias, CMP), fetal syndrome disease, diabetes mellitus or gestational diabetes, and systemic diseases of the mother's linking tissue (positive specific antibodies).
The risk of metabolic syndrome in women with previous GDM in a long-term follow-up; The aim of this study was to evaluate the incidence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) during long-term follow-up of women with gestational diabetes (GDM). Furthermore, we evaluated the glycemic measures from an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy as predictors of incident MetS. Women diagnosed with GDM were divided into two groups according to the results of OGTT: one abnormal value = GDM1 (n = 338) and two abnormal values = GDM2 (n = 151), while women with normal glucose tolerance (n = 385) served as controls. MetS and its components were evaluated in a follow-up study (mean follow-up time 7.3 ± 5.1 years) according to the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria. Fasting plasma glucose in OGTT was the best predictor of incident MetS in ROC (area under the curve) analysis. The incidence of MetS during a <5-year follow-up was 22.2% in controls, 39.3% in GDM1 and 60.4% in GDM2; and >10-year follow-up 24.2%, 46.2% and 62.5%, respectively. In controls and GDM2, the incidence of MetS remained nearly constant during the follow-up, whereas in GDM1 it increased. In conclusion, already mild gestational glucose intolerance may progress to MetS and therefore merits intervention measures to prevent future cardiovascular disease. © 2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Impairments in microvascular function and skeletal muscle oxygenation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: links to cardiovascular disease risk factors; Aims/hypothesis: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for the development of endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease. However, in vivo microvascular endothelial function in GDM has not been investigated. This study aimed to examine, using near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS), whether: (1) there are differences in microvascular reactivity and skeletal muscle oxygen consumption (mV⋅ O 2) at rest and during exercise between GDM and uncomplicated pregnancies; and (2) there is an association of NIRS indices with macrovascular function and cardiovascular disease risk factors. Methods: Twenty-nine pregnant women (13 with GDM and 16 women with uncomplicated pregnancy, 28 ± 2 gestational weeks) underwent arterial stiffness (pulse wave velocity [PWV]) and 24 h ambulatory BP (24 h BP) evaluation. NIRS continuously monitored, non-invasively, changes in muscle oxygenated and deoxygenated haemoglobin and tissue O2 saturation index (TSI, %) during arterial occlusion/reperfusion and intermittent handgrip exercise. mV⋅ O 2 and vascular reactivity indices were calculated. Results: During occlusion and reperfusion, women with GDM exhibited slower TSI response (occlusion slope: −0.06 ± 0.02 vs −0.10 ± 0.04, in GDM and controls, respectively; reperfusion slope: 0.65 ± 0.26 vs 1.05 ± 0.41, respectively), lower mV⋅ O 2 (1.3 ± 1.2 vs 3.8 ± 2.3 μmol l−1 min−1) and blunted hyperaemia (ΔTSI 6.8 ± 2.9 vs 9.5 ± 3.4) compared with controls (p < 0.01). Despite similar handgrip strength in the GDM and control groups (29.1 ± 8.1 vs 26.2 ± 10.4 kg, respectively), during repeated forearm contractions, women with GDM presented a blunted TSI response (6.5 ± 3.9 vs 19.2 ± 10.9; p < 0.01) and a reduced capacity to maintain the predetermined handgrip (23.4 ± 2.9 vs 27.4 ± 3.8%, p < 0.05). NIRS indices correlated with PWV, 24 h BP and blood glucose concentration earlier in pregnancy (r = 0.40–0.60; p < 0.05). Conclusions/interpretation: Women with GDM exhibited a characteristic blunted TSI curve, showing alterations in muscle oxygenation and microvascular responsiveness compared with women with uncomplicated pregnancies. These alterations were manifested during exercise and possibly contribute to the reduced exercise tolerance in GDM. NIRS indices correlated with macrovascular indices (arterial stiffness) and 24 h BP. © 2016, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Perinatal Health of Women with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities and Comorbid Mental Illness; Objective: Women with intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD) have high rates of adverse perinatal outcomes. However, the perinatal health of women with co-occurring IDD and mental illness (dual diagnosis) is largely unknown. Our objectives were to 1) describe a cohort of women with dual diagnosis in terms of their social and health characteristics and 2) compare their risks for adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes to those of women with IDD only. Method: We conducted a population-based study using linked Ontario (Canada) health and social services administrative data to identify singleton obstetric deliveries to women with dual diagnosis (n = 2080) and women with IDD only (n = 1852; 2002-2012). Primary maternal outcomes were gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia/eclampsia, and venous thromboembolism. Primary neonatal outcomes were preterm birth, small for gestational age, and large for gestational age. We also examined several secondary outcomes. Results: Women with dual diagnosis were more likely than women with IDD only to live in poor neighborhoods and to have prepregnancy health conditions; however, they had more frequent prenatal care. Infants born to women with dual diagnosis had increased risks for preterm birth (adjusted relative risk [aRR] 1.31, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.08 to 1.59) and neonatal morbidity (aRR 1.35, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.76) compared with infants born to women with IDD only. All other primary and secondary outcomes were nonsignificant. Conclusions: Comorbid mental illness contributes little additional risk for adverse perinatal outcomes among women with IDD. Women with dual diagnosis and women with IDD alone require increased surveillance for maternal and neonatal complications. © The Author(s) 2016.
Obstetric medicine : The success of a transdisciplinary approach to the maternal health; Obstetric medicine is a specialty that addresses maternal health and medical complications during pregnancy. This emerging specialty responds to the increasing need for specialized intervention in cases of high risk pregnancies, at a time when pregnancies can occur at more advanced ages and where advances in therapeutics now allow to consider pregnancy in mothers with chronic illness. Furthermore, medical conditions specific to pregnancy, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy or gestational diabetes, are now recognized as emerging risk factors for cardiovascular, metabolic and renal diseases, for which longitudinal care beyond the maternity ward is of critical importance.
Risk factors for neonatal pulmonary hemorrhage in the neonatal intensive care unit of a municipal hospital; Objective: To investigate the risk factors for neonatal pulmonary hemorrhage (NPH) in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) of a municipal hospital, and to provide a basis for the early identification and treatment of NPH. Methods: A total of 112 neonates who were admitted to the NICU of Shaoyang Central Hospital of Hunan Province and diagnosed with NPH were enrolled as the case group. A nested case-control method was used to select, as a control group (n=224), the neonates who underwent the treatment with an assisted mechanical ventilator and did not experience pulmonary hemorrhage. Univariate analysis and unconditional logistic regression analysis were used to identify the high risk factors for NPH. Results: The univariate analysis showed that compared with the control group, the case group had significantly higher incidence rates of gestational diabetes and cholestasis in mothers, cesarean delivery, gestational age <34 weeks, 5-minute Apgar score ≤5, birth weight <2 500 g, heart failure and disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) before the development of NPH, partial pressure of oxygen/fraction of inspired oxygen (oxygenation index, OI) ≤100, and a reduction in mean platelet volume. The multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that DIC, heart failure, and OI ≤100 were independent risk factors for NPH (OR=33.975, 3.975, 1.818 respectively; P<0.05). Conclusions: Heart failure, OI ≤100, and DIC are risk factors for the development of NPH in the NICU of the municipal hospital.
Second Trimester Fetal and Maternal Epicardial Fat Thickness in Gestational Diabetic Pregnancies; Our aim was to evaluate the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and sonographically measured fetal epicardial fat thickness between 24-28 weeks' gestation. This was a cross-sectional study that included 40 pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus, matched with 40 normal pregnancies with similar maternal age, body-mass index, gestational age, fetal gender, and fetal abdominal circumference on ultrasound. Fetal epicardial fat thickness was measured and recorded during ultrasonography at 24-28 weeks of gestation. Maternal evaluation included measurement of maternal epicardial fat thickness, using echocardiography. Fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness values were compared across the groups. Ultrasound views of fetal epicardial fat thickness were evaluated independently by 3 perinatology fellows to determine inter- and intra-observer variability. Partial and intraclass correlation analyses were used. Fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness measurements were moderately correlated (r=0.63). Mean fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness values were higher in gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies (p=0.004 and p<0.0001, respectively) compared to controls. Fetal epicardial fat thickness was positively correlated (r=0.43) with postchallenge 2-h glucose values. Inter- and intra-observer agreement was high, demonstrated by strong correlations (r=0.99 and r=0.99, respectively) across fetal epicardial fat thickness measurements of the examiners. Fetuses from gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies have significantly higher fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness values compared to nongestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies. Fetal epicardial fat thickness obtained during second trimester fetal anatomy ultrasound may potentially be a reliable indicator for gestational diabetes mellitus. However, clinical validation studies are needed. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart New York ISSN 0018-5043.
Gender disparity in cardiovascular disease: Contributing facts and fables; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) affects men and women equally. Yet CVD is considered as a "Man's Disease". The patho-physiology of CVD differs significantly between the sexes. Thus American College of Cardiology (2011) laid specific guidelines focusing on women specific CVD prevention, diagnosis, management, treatment and outcomes. Compared to men, women are under-prevented, under-diagnosed, undertreated and under-studied with respect to CVD. Although women share similar risk factors like age, hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, obesity, family history of CVD with men; women specific variables like depression, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, thyroid disease, psoriasis, gout and auto immune disorders contribute significantly. Besides, inflammatory markers suggesting risk of disease like high sensitivity C reactive protein are higher in women at baseline then men. Estrogen and progesterone are more influential in women; menstruation can affect hematologic and electrocardiographic indices; women have reduced sympathetic and enhanced parasympathetic activity. In response to stress, women experience an increased pulse rate, resulting in an increased cardiac output; men result in increased vascular resistance resulting in increased blood pressure. Difference in pain perception exists between sexes, resulting in variability in presenting symptoms. Women are more likely to attribute their symptoms to non cardiac causes complicating timely treatment. Recent acute coronary syndrome registries have shown that on admission women are less likely to receive heparin, ACE inhibitors, glycoprotein IIa/IIIb inhibitors; at discharge less likely to be prescribed aspirin and statin therapy. Women experience more drug related adverse events than men. Many specific areas of CVD like heart failure, atrial fibrillation, valvular and structural disease, peripheral vascular and cerebro-vascular disease should be examined for existing gender differences. The healthcare sector holds a very critical and contributing role in education of adult female subjects towards risks of CVD; women specific contributing factors; warning signs; strategies to avoid delay in treatment; promote adherence to lifestyle interventions; ensure proper dosage adjustments to reduce risk of bleeding and other adverse events; promote primary and secondary prevention guidelines; improve application of evidence based therapy to improve women care in CVD. © 2016 Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy at 65, risks and complications; A 65-year-old postmenopausal pregnant woman was referred with antepartum hemorrhage at 29 weeks of gestation. Postadmission diagnosed with chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, valvular heart disease, and placenta previa. Her pregnancy was terminated by cesarean delivery at 32 weeks as she had a bout of bleeding per vaginum. Most of the placenta was adherent with no plane of cleavage; therefore, cesarean hysterectomy was performed. Baby birth weight was 1650 g and was shifted to nursery for observation and mother needed Intensive Care Unit care postcesarean. On the 15th day, both healthy mother and baby were discharged. Although pregnancy is possible in postmenopausal women with hormone support but the incidence of complications remain very high. It raises a need for developing well-laid guidelines for performing in vitro fertilization in older age group women. © 2016 Journal of Human Reproductive Sciences | Published by Wolters Kluwer - Medknow 63.
Amendment of amino acid in Q192R genetic polymorphism of paraoxonase 1 is a conventional risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Saudi population; Background: The paraoxonase 1 (PON1) gene polymorphism Q192R has been found to be consistent with multiple metabolic diseases comprising type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The R allele has been found to be associated with coronary artery disease and gestational diabetes in a Saudi population. Therefore, we attempted to determine the association between Q192R and T2DM in a Saudi population. Materials and methods: Eight hundred subjects were enrolled in this case-control study, including T2DM patients (n = 400) and control individuals (n = 400). Epidemiological, clinical, and Q192R genotype data were obtained from all the subjects included in this study. Genotyping was performed by PCR-RFLP analysis followed by 2.5% agarose gel electrophoresis. Results: The clinical characteristics and metabolic variables were significantly higher in T2DM compared with controls, and also with allele and genotype frequencies[R vs. Q: odds ratio (OR), 1.659; 95% confidence interval (95% CI), 1.344-2.048; P = 0.0002; RR vs. QQ; OR, 2.1; 95% CI, 1.3-3.2; P = 0.001; QR+RR vs. QQ; OR, 2.101; 95% CI, 1.583-2.788; P = 0.0002)]. Multiple regression analysis showed positive correlation of lipid profile with genotype (P < 0.05). Conclusion: The present findings provide robust evidence of PON1 Q192R polymorphism being associated with T2DM in a Saudi population. © 2016, E-Century Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved.
Placental atherosclerosis and markers of endothelial dysfunction in infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes; Background and objective The pathophysiology of gestational diabetes itself causes hyperstimulation of adipose tissue and of the placenta cells increasing the production of inflammatory cytokines, which cause changes in the tissues exposed such as the placenta and foetus. Therefore, the objective of this study was to compare metabolic markers and endothelial dysfunction in umbilical cord blood, as well as to determine the presence of atherosclerosis in the placentas of newborn infants of patients with gestational diabetes and in patients with normally progressing pregnancies. Patients and method An analytical cross-sectional study was carried out in 84 patients, obtaining data such as age, smoking and weight gain in pregnancy; the gestational age of the newborns was determined by Capurro, and their weight and destination subsequent to birth, the placentas were also collected in order to look for atherosclerosis through histological studies and glucose, insulin, VLDL-C, HDL-C, triglycerides, cholesterol, fibrinogen, PCR and markers of endothelial dysfunction (adiponectin, VCAM-1, ICAM-1 and IL-6) were determined in blood samples obtained from the umbilical cord. Results Placental atherosclerosis presented in 28.94% of the group with gestational diabetes compared to 10.52% of the group with normally progressing pregnancies (P=.044); differences were found in glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, fibrinogen, HOMA-IR, PCR-us, HDL-C, not in VLDL-C. Twenty-one point five percent of the newborns of the gestational diabetes patients required hospitalization, against 5.2% in the control group, Conclusions Pregnancies that involve diabetes have higher proportion of atherosclerosis, hospitalization of the newborn, insulin resistance, as well as elevation of markers associated with inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in umbilical cord blood. © 2016 Elsevier España, S.L.U.
Association of downregulated HDAC 2 with the impaired mitochondrial function and cytokine secretion in the monocytes/macrophages from gestational diabetes mellitus patients; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular diseases in later life, yet with underlying mechanisms unclear. The present study was to explore the association of upregulated histone deacetylase 2 (HDAC 2) with the impaired mitochondrial function and the cytokine secretion in the monocytes/macrophages from GDM patients. In this study, we examined the mitochondrial function, proinflamatory cytokine secretion and the HDAC 2 level in the serum or in the monocytes/macrophages from GDM patients, investigated the influence by HDAC 2 inhibitor, AR-42 (N-hydroxy-4-[[(2S)-3-methyl-2-phenylbutanoyl]amino]benzamide), on the mitochondrial function and cytokine secretion in the isolated GDM monocytes/macrophages. Results demonstrated an increased mitochondria size, mitochondrial superoxide and reactive oxygen species (ROS) production, and an undermined mitochondria membrane potential (MMP) in the GDM monocytes/macrophages. And the serum levels of interleukin (IL)-1β, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α and IL-6 were also markedly higher in the GDM pregnancies, while the expression and activity of HDAC 2 was downregulated. Moreover, AR-42-mediated HDAC 2 inhibition in vitro contributed to the impaired mitochondrial function and the proinflamatory cytokine secretion. In conclusion, this study suggests an association of the impaired mitochondrial function and the promoted proinflamatory cytokine secretion with the reduced HDAC 2 activity in GDM. These findings may present HDAC 2 as a target for GDM treatment. © 2016 International Federation for Cell Biology.
Maternal medical complications in pregnancy following assisted reproductive technology; Pregnancies resulting from ART may have increased risks for maternal medical complications, especially gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, thromboembolism and gestational diabetes. These risks largely arise due to the characteristics of the women who undergo ART and are most marked in older women, those with high body mass index or polycystic ovary syndrome and in multiple pregnancies; but risks especially for pre-eclampsia are high when donor gametes have been used. Thorough risk assessment is important for each of these complications in early pregnancy, in order to plan surveillance or to institute prophylactic treatment. Women with significant underlying medical conditions need careful assessment prior to commencement of ART protocols to consider maternal and fetal risks in pregnancy, plan appropriate health surveillance during pregnancy and consider adjustment of medication. © Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2017.
Evaluating the Postpartum Maternal Health Clinic: How Patient Characteristics Predict Follow-Up; Objective At Kingston General Hospital, women who have pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators (e.g., preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes) are offered standardized six-month postpartum follow-up for cardiovascular disease risk screening and counselling. We sought to assess how patient characteristics predict attendance at follow-up. Methods We undertook a chart review of 650 patients who delivered between April 2011 and December 2014 and had preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, or gestational diabetes. Logistic regression was used to analyze the relationship between clinical and demographic variables and attendance at the follow-up clinic. Results Increasing age (in years) was significantly correlated with attendance at follow-up (adjusted OR [aOR] 1.08, 95% CI 1.04 to 1.12). Women who had preeclampsia were significantly more likely to attend than women who had gestational hypertension or gestational diabetes (aOR 1.54, 95% CI 1.05 to 2.26). Women who were known to be non-smokers or whose smoking status was not recorded were significantly more likely to attend follow-up (aOR 2.47, 95% CI 1.32 to 4.62). There was a trend towards lower follow-up for women from census tracts or subdivisions with a greater proportion of individuals without educational certificate, diploma, or degree, but this was not statistically significant (aOR 0.10, 95% CI 0.01 to 1.22). Conclusion There is significant selection bias among women who attend follow-up for postpartum cardiovascular disease risk screening and counselling after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, or gestational diabetes. © 2016 The Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada/La Société des obstétriciens et gynécologues du Canada
Contributions of the nurses' health studies to reproductive health research; Objectives.To review the Nurses' Health Study's (NHS's) contribution to identifying risk factors and long- Term health consequences of reproductive events. Methods.We performed a narrative review of the NHS I, NHS II, NHS3, and Growing Up Today Study (GUTS) publications between 1976 and 2016. Results. Collection of detailed reproductive history to identify breast cancer risk factors allowed the NHS to document an association between menstrual irregularities, a proxy for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), and increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The NHS II found that infertility associated with ovulation problems and gestational diabetes are largely preventable through diet and lifestyle modification. It also identified developmental and nutritional risk factors for pregnancy loss, endometriosis, and uterine leiomyomata. As women in NHS II age, it has become possible to address questions regarding long- Term health consequences of pregnancy complications and benign gynecologic conditions on chronic disease risk. Furthermore, the NHS3 and GUTS are allowing new lines of research into human fertility, PCOS, and transgenerational effects of environmental exposures. Conclusions. The multigenerational resources of the NHSs and GUTS, including linkages of related individuals across cohorts, can improve women's health from preconception through late adulthood and onto the next generation.
Maternal cardiac adaptations to a physical exercise program during pregnancy; Introduction Scarce evidence exists regarding the effects of regular pregnancy exercise on maternal cardiovascular health. We aimed to study, using a randomized controlled trial design, the effects of pregnancy exercise on echocardiographic indicators of hemodynamics, cardiac remodeling, left ventricular (LV) function, and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. Methods Two hundred forty-one healthy pregnant women were assigned to a control (standard care) or intervention (exercise) group (initial n = 121/120). The intervention (weeks 9-11 to 38-39) included three supervised sessions per week (55-60 min, with light-moderate intensity aerobic and strength exercises). Results The main findings were as follows: (i) the proportion of women with excessive weight gain at end pregnancy was lower in the exercise group compared with controls (18% vs 40%, P = 0.005), and (ii) there was a tendency toward lower prevalence of depression at end pregnancy in the former (P = 0.029, threshold P value set at 0.013). No significant exercise training effect was essentially found for echocardiographic variables, CVD risk factors, type/duration of labor, or newborn's outcomes (weight, height, head circumference, Apgar scores, and umbilical cord pH). Conclusions Light-moderate intensity supervised exercise is safe for healthy pregnant women and does not impose an additional cardiac overload beyond gestation or affect the main pregnancy outcomes. Such intervention might help decrease, at least partly, the risk of two CVD-associated conditions, excessive weight gain and depression. © 2015 by the American College of Sports Medicine.
Maternal midpregnancy glucose levels and risk of congenital heart disease in offspring; Importance There is a well-described association between maternal diabetes mellitus and risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring. Although the clinical diagnoses of type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes are strong risk factors for CHD, subclinical abnormalities of glucose and insulin metabolism are common within the general population and could also confer risk for CHD.We hypothesize that continuous measures of blood analytes related to maternal diabetes are related to odds of cardiac malformations. OBJECTIVE To explore the potential association of 2 different CHD phenotypes in offspring with maternal midpregnancy measures of glucose and insulin. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Case-control study from a population-based cohort of 277 pregnant women in southern and central California carrying infants with tetralogy of Fallot (TOF) (n = 55), dextrotransposition of the great arteries (dTGA) (n = 42), or healthy infants without CHD (n = 180). Serum samples were collected from 2003 through 2007. The analysis was conducted from March through June 2015. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Blood analytes related to maternal glucose metabolism were measured from random nonfasting second-trimester blood samples.We measured serum insulin levels by a validated radioimmunoassay, and we measured glucose levels. Multivariable logistic regression models estimated the association between these levels and case status. RESULTS Serum glucose values were elevated in the maternal samples for offspring with TOF (median, 97.0mg/dL [to convert to millimoles per liter, multiply by 0.0555]) relative to controls (median, 91.5mg/dL) (P =.01, Wilcoxon rank sum test), a phenomenon not observed in the maternal samples for offspring with dTGA (median, 90.0mg/dL) relative to controls (P =.18, Wilcoxon rank sum test). Serum insulin levels were significantly different between controls (median, 18.8 μIU/mL [to convert to picomoles per liter, multiply by 6.945]) and maternal samples for offspring with dTGA (median, 13.1 μIU/mL; P =.048, Wilcoxon rank sum test) but not with TOF (median, 14.3 μIU/mL; P =.35, Wilcoxon rank sum test). Relative to maternal blood glucose levels of infants without cardiac malformations, we observed that maternal blood glucose levels in models including insulin were strongly associated with odds of TOF (adjusted odds ratio = 7.54; 95%CI, 2.30-24.69) but not with dTGA (adjusted odds ratio = 1.16; 95%CI, 0.28-4.79). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE These results represent a direct correlation of glucose as a continuous variable to odds of specific cardiac malformations. The association between serum glucose and odds of TOF indicates the need for additional epidemiological and mechanistic investigations into the risk conferred by insulin signaling and glucose metabolism during early pregnancy. © 2015 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Impact of Systemic Inflammation on the Progression of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; With increasing rates of obesity and new diagnostic criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the overall prevalence of GDM is increasing worldwide. Women with GDM have an increased risk of maternal and fetal complications during pregnancy as well as long-term risks including higher prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. In recent years, the role of immune activation and inflammation in the pathogenesis of GDM has gained increasing attention. This monograph explores the current state of the literature as regards the expression of markers of inflammation in the maternal circulation, placenta, and adipose tissue of women with GDM. © 2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Diabetes in Pregnancy; Objective This guideline reviews the evidence relating to the diagnosis and obstetrical management of diabetes in pregnancy. Outcomes The outcomes evaluated were short- and long-term maternal outcomes, including preeclampsia, Caesarean section, future diabetes, and other cardiovascular complications, and fetal outcomes, including congenital anomalies, stillbirth, macrosomia, birth trauma, hypoglycemia, and long-term effects. Evidence Published literature was retrieved through searches of PubMed and the Cochrane Library using appropriate controlled vocabulary (MeSH terms “diabetes” and “pregnancy”). Where appropriate, results were restricted to systematic reviews, randomized control trials/controlled clinical trials, and observational studies. There were no date limits, but results were limited to English or French language materials. Values The quality of evidence was rated using the criteria described in the Report of the Canadian Task Force on Preventive Health Care (Table 1). Summary Statements 1. The adverse outcomes associated with diabetes in pregnancy are substantially associated with hyperglycemia and the coexisting metabolic environment. Women with preexisting diabetes should receive preconception care to optimize blood sugar control and other comorbidities. Outcomes for the fetus/neonate and the mother in both pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies are improved by multidisciplinary management in which the goal is achieving optimal blood sugar control and appropriate fetal surveillance. (II-2)2. Retrospective studies indicate that women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus have an increased risk of stillbirth before 40 weeks' gestation compared with the general obstetrical population. Similarly, large recent cohort and simulation studies of women with gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies also indicate a higher risk of stillbirth between 36 to 39 weeks' gestation. (II-2)3. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus have a higher risk of preeclampsia, shoulder dystocia, Caesarean section, and large for gestational age infants. (II-2)4. Treatment of women with gestational diabetes mellitus and optimization of glycemic control reduce the risk of preeclampsia, shoulder dystocia, and large for gestational age infants. (I)5. The occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes in the future for the mother. (II-2)Recommendations 1. The “preferred screening and diagnostic 2-step” approach for gestational diabetes mellitus of the Canadian Diabetes Association 2013 guidelines is endorsed. All pregnant women should be offered screening between 24 to 28 weeks using a standardized non-fasting 50-g glucose challenge screening test with plasma glucose measured 1 hour later. (III-B) 1.1. If the value is < 7.8 mmol/L, no further testing is required.1.2. If the value of the glucose challenge screening test is 7.8 to 11.0, a 2-hour 75-g oral glucose tolerance test with fasting plasma glucose, 1-hour plasma glucose, and 2-hour plasma glucose should be performed. Gestational diabetes mellitus is diagnosed if 1 value is met or exceeded: i. Fasting plasma glucose ≥ 5.3 mmol/Lii. 1-hour plasma glucose ≥ 10.6 mmol/Liii. 2-hour plasma glucose ≥ 9.0 mmol/L 1.3. If the value of the glucose challenge screening test is ≥ 11.1 mmol/L, gestational diabetes mellitus is diagnosed.2. The “alternative 1-step diagnostic” approach of the Canadian Diabetes Association 2013 guidelines is acceptable. In this strategy pregnant women should be offered testing between 24 to 28 weeks using a standardized 2-hour 75-g oral glucose tolerance test with fasting plasma glucose, 1-hour plasma glucose, and 2-hour plasma glucose. (III-B) Gestational diabetes mellitus is diagnosed if 1 value is met or exceeded: i. Fasting plasma glucose ≥ 5.1 mmol/Lii. 1-hour plasma glucose ≥ 10.0 mmol/Liii. 2-hour plasma glucose ≥ 8.5 mmol/L It is recognized that the use of different diagnostic thresholds for the “preferred” and “alternative” strategies could cause confusion in certain settings. Despite this, the committee has identified the importance of remaining aligned with the current Canadian Diabetes Association 2013 guidelines as being a priority. It is thus recommended that each care centre strategically align with 1 of the 2 strategies and implement protocols to ensure consistent and uniform reporting of test results. 3. If there is a high risk of gestational diabetes mellitus based on multiple risk factors, screening or testing should be offered during the first half of the pregnancy and repeated at 24 to 28 weeks' gestation if initially normal. If for any reason it was missed or if there is a clinical suspicion of later onset of gestational diabetes, a screening or diagnostic test should be performed. (II-2B)4. Women with preexisting or gestational diabetes mellitus should be provided with care by a multidisciplinary team aimed at attaining and then maintaining euglycemia. (II-2B)5. For patients with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus or gestational diabetes mellitus, starting at 28 weeks as a baseline, with subsequent serial assessment of fetal growth, every 3 to 4 weeks is suggested to assess the effect of maternal glycemic control on fetal growth rate and amniotic fluid volume. (II-2B)6. Initiation of weekly assessment of fetal well-being at 36 weeks is recommended in pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus. It is also reasonable to consider weekly fetal assessment for women with diet controlled gestational diabetes mellitus beginning at 36 weeks. Acceptable methods of assessment of fetal well-being near term can include the non-stress test, non-stress test + amniotic fluid index, biophysical profile, or a combination of these. (III-A)7. If comorbid factors are present, such as obesity, evidence of suboptimal glycemic control, large for gestational age (> 90%), previous stillbirth, hypertension, or small for gestational age (< 10%), earlier onset and/or more frequent fetal health surveillance is recommended. In specific cases in which fetal growth restriction is suspected, the addition of umbilical artery and fetal middle cerebral artery Doppler assessment may be helpful. (II-2A)8. Pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus or pre-gestational diabetes mellitus should be offered induction between 38 to 40 weeks' gestation depending on their glycemic control and other comorbidity factors. (II-2B)9. The administration of betamethasone to pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus should be restricted to the routine obstetric indications related to the risk of preterm and late preterm delivery between 24 to 36 weeks' gestation, when clinically indicated. When administered, close maternal glycemic surveillance is recommended. (I-A)10. If not previously done, in women with threatened preterm labour requiring betamethasone, a screening for gestational diabetes mellitus should be performed either before or at least 7 days after the administration of betamethasone. (III-B)11. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus should be offered testing with a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test between 6 weeks and 6 months postpartum to detect prediabetes and diabetes.1 (II-2A) 11.1. Normal i. Fasting plasma glucose < 6.1 mmol/Lii. 2-hour plasma glucose < 7.8 mmol/Liii. Glycated hemoglobin < 6.0%11.2. Pre-diabetic i. Fasting plasma glucose 6.1 to 6.9 mmol/L orii. 2-hour plasma glucose 7.8 to 11.0 mmol/L oriii. Glycated hemoglobin 6.0% to 6.4%11.3. Type 2 diabetes mellitus i. FPG ≥ 7.0 mmol/Lii. Random plasma glucose or 2-hour plasma glucose ≥ 11.1 mmol/Liii. Glycated hemoglobin ≥ 6.5% 12. Breastfeeding is strongly recommended after delivery for all women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus or gestational diabetes mellitus. (II-2A) © 2016
Early cardiovascular events in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on cardiovascular diseases (CVD) is not assessed within the first 10years postpartum, regardless of subsequent diabetes. The aim of this study was to determine the risk of CVD events related to GDM within 7years of postpartum. Methods: This nationwide population-based study of deliveries in 2007 and 2008 with a follow-up of 7years was based on data from the French medico-administrative database. Two groups were formed: women with a history of GDM and women without GDM or previous diabetes. CVD included angina pectoris, myocardial infarction, stroke, heart bypass surgery, coronary angioplasty, carotid endarterectomy and fibrinolysis. Hypertensive disease was assessed separately. Determinants studied included age, obesity, subsequent diabetes mellitus and hypertensive diseases during pregnancy. Adjusted odds ratios for outcomes were calculated using multiple logistic regressions. Results: The hospital database recorded 1,518,990 deliveries in 2007 and 2008. Among these, 62,958 women had a history of GDM. After adjusting for age, DM, obesity and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, GDM was significantly associated with a higher risk of CVD (adjusted Odds Ratio aOR=1.25 [1.09-1.43]). Considering each variable in a separate model, GDM was associated with angina pectoris (aOR=1.68 [1.29-2.20]), myocardial infarction (aOR=1.92 [1.36-2.71]) and hypertension (aOR=2.72 [2.58-2.88]) but not with stroke. Conclusions: A history of GDM was identified as a risk factor of CVD, especially coronary vascular diseases, within the 7years postpartum. A lifestyle changes from postpartum onwards can be recommended and supported. © 2016 Goueslard et al.
Relationship between the level of maternal glycated hemoglobin and fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disorder commonly associated with pregnancy. It is shown that as the management of diabetes during pregnancy is optimized, decreases the frequency and severity of fetal and neonatal complications. The aim of this paper is to identify the relation between the level of maternal glycated hemoglobin and fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.; METHODS: An analitytic cross-sectional study was conducted. It included patients with single pregnancy of 28-37 weeks diagnosed with gestational or preconception diabetes mellitus. A fetal echocardiogram were performed, likewise measuring of glycated hemoglobin.; RESULTS: 104 diabetic pregnant patients were included in the study, 83 patients in the group with normal glycated hemoglobin and 21 in the group with altered glycated hemoglobin. Of the 104 patients, 12 had fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy; 5 of the group with normal glycated hemoglobin and 7 with altered glycated hemoglobin. There is a clear association previously reported between the level maternal metabolic control and the presence of fetal and neonatal complications.; CONCLUSIONS: A positive correlation between the values of high maternal glycated hemoglobin and increased thickness of the fetal ventricular septum was observed. Fetal echocardiographic assessment is recommended for all pregnant women with gestational and pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus in order to early detection of fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.; Introducción: la diabetes mellitus constituye la alteración metabólica más frecuentemente asociada al embarazo. A medida que se optimiza el manejo de la diabetes durante la gestación, disminuye la frecuencia y severidad de las complicaciones fetales y neonatales. El objetivo de este trabajo fue identificar la relación que existe entre el nivel de hemoglobina glucosilada materna y la cardiomiopatía hipertrófica fetal. Métodos: estudio transversal analítico de julio a noviembre del 2015. Se incluyeron pacientes con embarazo simple de las 28-37 semanas con diagnóstico de diabetes mellitus pregestacional o gestacional. Se les realizó un ecocardiograma fetal, asimismo se les efectuó la medición de hemoglobina glucosilada. Resultados: se incluyeron 104 pacientes embarazadas diabéticas en el estudio, 83 pacientes en el grupo con hemoglobina glucosilada normal y 21 con hemoglobina glucosilada alterada. De las 104 pacientes, 12 presentaron cardiomiopatía hipertrófica fetal; 5 del grupo con hemoglobina glucosilada normal y 7 del grupo con hemoglobina glucosilada alterada. Se identificó que existe una clara asociación reportada previamente entre el grado de descontrol metabólico materno y la presencia de complicaciones fetales y neonatales. Conclusiones: se observó una correlación positiva entre los valores de hemoglobina glucosilada materna elevada y el aumento del grosor del septum interventricular fetal. La evaluación ecocardiográfica fetal es recomendada en todas las embarazadas con diabetes mellitus gestacional y pregestacional.
Expected probability of congenital heart disease and clinical utility of fetal echocardiography in pregnancies with pre-gestational diabetes; Objectives To establish a prediction model for fetal congenital heart disease (CHD) that could facilitate selective fetal echocardiography screening for diabetic women, and to provide cost analysis of selective versus global screening of these women. Study design A historical cohort study included women with pre-gestational diabetes who received perinatal care at Mayo Clinic, Minnesota from 2007 through 2013. Anatomical scans and fetal echocardiograms were reviewed and charts for postnatal outcomes were abstracted. Logistic regression models were utilized to identify predictors of CHD. Cost of global versus selective screening was estimated using cost per case detected. Results A cohort of 152 women was included. Abnormal anatomy scan was reported in five (3.3%). Among 51 (33.6%) who had fetal echocardiography, eight (15.7%) had abnormal findings. Postnatal echocardiography was conducted in 36 neonates, 12 had abnormalities. Only first trimester HbA1c was independent predictor with observed incidence of CHD of 1.8, 14.3, and 40% and HbA1c of <8, 8-10, and >10% respectively. Global screening strategy missed 22% of fetal cardiac abnormalities, while selective screening missed 33%. Conclusions According to our probability model, selective screening based on HbA1c and/or anatomic surveys seems to be an accurate and cost effective strategy for prenatal diagnosis of CHD among diabetic pregnancies. © 2016 Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Maternal serum atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) and brain-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) levels in gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: The aim of the study is to evaluate maternal serum atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) and brain-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) levels in patients with getational diabetes mellitus compared with a control group.Methods: We have measured maternal serum ANP and BNP levels in 35 otherwise healthy and 45 gestational diabetic women between gestational week 24 and 28 referred to our unit in a cross-sectional study. Independent samples t-test or the Mann-Whitney U-test was used for comparison of two groups where appropriate.Results: Mean maternal serum homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), HbA1c, fasting glucose and insulin levels in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) group were significantly higher than the control group (p < 0.01). Mean maternal serum ANP and BNP levels of women with GDM were significantly lower than the control group (12.9 ± 9.9 versus 34.8 ± 16.9 pg/ml, p < 0.001; 416.6 ± 209.7 versus 629.7 ± 162.2 mg/dl, p < 0.001, respectively). Maternal serum ANP and BNP levels were negatively correlated with insulin levels, HbA1c and HOMA-IR values (p < 0.05).Conclusions: Maternal serum ANP and BNP levels are significantly lower in patients with GDM. These biomarkers might be valuable in clinical setting for identifying high-risk women for developing diabetes during pregnancy. © 2015 Taylor & Francis.
The electronic cardiometabolic program (eCMP) for patients with cardiometabolic risk: A randomized controlled trial; Background: Effective lifestyle interventions targeting high-risk adults that are both practical for use in ambulatory care settings and scalable at a population management level are needed. Objective: Our aim was to examine the potential effectiveness, feasibility, and acceptability of delivering an evidence-based Electronic Cardio-Metabolic Program (eCMP) for improving health-related quality of life, improving health behaviors, and reducing cardiometabolic risk factors in ambulatory care high-risk adults. Methods: We conducted a randomized, wait-list controlled trial with 74 adults aged ?18 years recruited from a large multispecialty health care organization. Inclusion criteria were (1) BMI ?35 kg/m2 and prediabetes, previous gestational diabetes and/or metabolic syndrome, or (2) BMI ?30 kg/m2 and type 2 diabetes and/or cardiovascular disease. Participants had a mean age of 59.7 years (SD 11.2), BMI 37.1 kg/m2 (SD 5.4) and were 59.5% female, 82.4% white. Participants were randomized to participate in eCMP immediately (n=37) or 3 months later (n=37). eCMP is a 6-month program utilizing video conferencing, online tools, and pre-recorded didactic videos to deliver evidence-based curricula. Blinded outcome assessments were conducted at 3 and 6 months postbaseline. Data were collected and analyzed between 2014 and 2015. The primary outcome was health-related quality of life. Secondary outcomes included biometric cardiometabolic risk factors (eg, body weight), self-reported diet and physical activity, mental health status, retention, session attendance, and participant satisfaction. Results: Change in quality of life was not significant in both immediate and delayed participants. Both groups significantly lost weight and reduced waist circumference at 6 months, with some cardiometabolic factors trending accordingly. Significant reduction in self-reported anxiety and perceived stress was seen in the immediate intervention group at 6 months. Retention rate was 93% at 3 months and 86% at 6 months post-baseline. Overall eCMP attendance was high with 59.5-83.8% of immediate and delayed intervention participants attending 50% of the virtual stress management and behavioral lifestyle sessions and 37.8-62.2% attending at least 4 out of 7 in-person physical activity sessions. The intervention received high ratings for satisfaction. Conclusions: The technology-assisted eCMP is a feasible and well-accepted intervention and may significantly decrease cardiometabolic risk among high-risk individuals. ©Kristen MJ Azar, Suneil Koliwad, Tak Poon, Lan Xiao, Nan Lv, Robert Griggs, Jun Ma. Originally published in the Journal of Medical Internet Research (http://www.jmir.org), 27.05.2016.
Heart Failure Prevention: Special Considerations for Women; Heart failure (HF) is a growing epidemic in the USA, and the American Heart Association estimates there are 550,000 new cases of HF in men and women annually. Despite advances in evidence-based cardiovascular care including improved awareness of women’s cardiovascular disease, important gender discrepancies persist in the diagnosis and management of HF. Coronary heart disease (CHD) is a leading cause of HF in the USA, and despite advancing therapies for acute coronary syndromes, young women (age < 55) are the only population with increasing mortality from CHD. Women stand to greatly benefit from improved efforts targeting HF prevention; therefore, the purposes of this paper are to review the current literature pertaining to HF prevention in women and to identify areas where opportunities exist for improving cardiovascular care for women as well as topics that warrant further investigation. © 2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Pre-eclampsia and Cardiovascular Disease Risk Assessment in Women; The underlying contributors of many cardiovascular events are often present decades before the onset of clinical symptoms, and the presence of risk factors in early life significantly influences risk of premature cardiovascular disease (CVD). The considerable burden of CVD in women and on health care resources necessitates an emphasis on prevention and early risk screening in women, before the development of the disease itself. The 2011 update to the American Heart Association's Effectiveness-Based Guidelines for the prevention of CVD acknowledges the contribution of the common pregnancy-related medical complications to a woman's cardiovascular risk, identifying pre-eclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes mellitus as risk factors for heart disease and stroke. The aims of this review are to examine risk factors in young women and their role in the development of premature CVD, with particular attention paid to PE as a marker of a woman's cardiovascular risk. Current screening practices will be discussed, as will their influences on identifying and reducing cardiovascular risk and subsequent disease in younger women.
Study of Regional Left Ventricular Longitudinal Function in Fetuses with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus by Velocity Vector Imaging; Objective: The purpose of this study was to investigate the clinical value of velocity vector imaging in the assessment of regional left ventricular longitudinal function in fetuses with gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods: Digital dynamic four-chamber views of 98 fetuses with gestational diabetes mellitus and 135 normal fetuses were collected and analyzed using velocity vector imaging. The regional tissue velocity, strain, and strain rate of the interventricular septum and left lateral wall were separately measured in systole and diastole. Results: A total of 207 of 233 cases were analyzed successfully. Vs (systolic velocity) and Vd (diastolic velocity) were age-dependent and gradually decreased from the basal segment to the apical segment in the left ventricle (P < 0.05). The Vs after 32+0 weeks, Vd after 28+0 weeks, and S (strain), SRs (systolic strain rate), and SRd (diastolic strain rate) after 24+0 weeks in the left ventricle of fetuses with GDM were obviously lower than the corresponding parameters of normal fetuses (P < 0.05). Conclusion: VVI can evaluate the fetal regional left ventricular longitudinal function. © 2016, Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Low circulating pentraxin 3 levels in pregnancy is associated with gestational diabetes and increased apoB/apoA ratio: A 5-year follow-up study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life. Pentraxin 3 (PTX3) is an essential component of innate immunity and independently associated with the risk of developing vascular events. The aim of the study was to examine the relationships between GDM, cardiovascular risk, and plasma PTX3 in pregnancy and at 5years after the index pregnancy. Methods: This population-based prospective cohort included 300 women who had an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy. Five years later, the OGTT was repeated along with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, lipid analysis, and pulse wave velocity analysis. Fasting PTX3 levels were measured four times during pregnancy and at follow-up. Results: PTX3 levels were lower early in pregnancy and at 5years follow-up in women who developed GDM. PTX3 levels throughout pregnancy were associated with body mass index. Low PTX3 levels in early pregnancy were predictive of an increased apoB/apoA ratio at 5-year follow-up. PTX3 at 5-year follow-up was inversely correlated with multiple metabolic risk factors for CVD, including body composition, arterial stiffness, dyslipidemia and previous GDM. Conclusions: Our results show that low plasma concentration of PTX3 in early pregnancy is associated with subsequent development of GDM and with an enhanced risk for CVD as estimated by an elevated apoB/apoA ratio at 5years postpartum. © 2016 Lekva et al.
Pharmaceutical cost and multimorbidity with type 2 diabetes mellitus using electronic health record data; Background: The objective of the study is to estimate the frequency of multimorbidity in type 2 diabetes patients classified by health statuses in a European region and to determine the impact on pharmaceutical expenditure. Methods: Cross-sectional study of the inhabitants of a southeastern European region with a population of 5,150,054, using data extracted from Electronic Health Records for 2012. 491,854 diabetic individuals were identified and selected through clinical codes, Clinical Risk Groups and diabetes treatment and/or blood glucose reagent strips. Patients with type 1 diabetes and gestational diabetes were excluded. All measurements were obtained at individual level. The prevalence of common chronic diseases and co-occurrence of diseases was established using factorial analysis. Results: The estimated prevalence of diabetes was 9.6 %, with nearly 70 % of diabetic patients suffering from more than two comorbidities. The most frequent of these was hypertension, which for the groups of patients in Clinical Risk Groups (CRG) 6 and 7 was 84.3 % and 97.1 % respectively. Regarding age, elderly patients have more probability of suffering complications than younger people. Moreover, women suffer complications more frequently than men, except for retinopathy, which is more common in males. The highest use of insulins, oral antidiabetics (OAD) and combinations was found in diabetic patients who also suffered cardiovascular disease and neoplasms. The average cost for insulin was 153€ and that of OADs 306€. Regarding total pharmaceutical cost, the greatest consumers were patients with comorbidities of respiratory illness and neoplasms, with respective average costs of 2,034.2€ and 1,886.9€. Conclusions: Diabetes is characterized by the co-occurrence of other diseases, which has implications for disease management and leads to a considerable increase in consumption of medicines for this pathology and, as such, pharmaceutical expenditure. © 2016 The Author(s).
Incidental risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus among patients with confirmed and unconfirmed prediabetes; Objective: To determine the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) diagnosis among patients with confirmed and unconfirmed prediabetes (preDM) relative to an at-risk group receiving care from primary care physicians over a 5-year period. Study Design: Utilizing data from the Intermountain Healthcare (IH) Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) from 2006-2013, we performed a prospective analysis using discrete survival analysis to estimate the time to diagnosis of T2DM among groups. Population Studied: Adult patients who had at least one outpatient visit with a primary care physician during 2006-2008 at an IH clinic and subsequent visits through 2013. Patients were included for the study if they were (a) at-risk for diabetes (BMI ≥ 25 kg/m2 and one additional risk factor: high risk ethnicity, first degree relative with diabetes, elevated triglycerides or blood pressure, low HDL, diagnosis of gestational diabetes or polycystic ovarian syndrome, or birth of a baby weighing >9 lbs); or (b) confirmed preDM (HbA1c ≥ 5.7-6.49% or fasting blood glucose 100-125 mg/dL); or (c) unconfirmed preDM (documented fasting lipid panel and glucose 100-125 mg/dL on the same day). Principal Findings: Of the 33,838 patients who were eligible for study, 57.0% were considered at-risk, 38.4% had unconfirmed preDM, and 4.6% had confirmed preDM. Those with unconfirmed and confirmed preDM tended to be Caucasian and a greater proportion were obese compared to those at-risk for disease. Patients with unconfirmed and confirmed preDM tended to have more prevalent high blood pressure and depression as compared to the at-risk group. Based on the discrete survival analyses, patients with unconfirmed preDM and confirmed preDM were more likely to develop T2DM when compared to at-risk patients. Conclusions: Unconfirmed and confirmed preDM are strongly associated with the development of T2DM as compared to patients with only risk factors for disease. © 2016 Brunisholz et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Cited2 participates in cardiomyocyte apoptosis and maternal diabetes-induced congenital heart abnormality; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for abnormal heart development, but the molecular basis remains obscure. To further analyze this, the hyperglycemia rat and cell model were established in this study. The results showed that hyperglycemic rats gained significantly less weight during gestation than controls. The number of embryos per litter was significantly reduced in diabetic mothers compared to controls. Ventricular wall thickness was often decreased in the diabetic offspring and cardiomyocyte apoptosis participated in ventricular wall thinness. Our results also indicated that Cited2 expression decreased in the heart tissues of diabetic-exposed embryos comparing with the control. The vitro results showed that down-regulation of Cited2 was associated with high glucose-induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes in vitro. Over-expression of Cited2 gene restrained the cardiomyocyte apoptosis induced by high glucose. Furthermore, Cited2 S192G mutation partly inhibited the capacity of Cited2 to suppress apoptosis induced by high glucose in cardiomyocytes. This showed the critical role of Cited2 in high glucose-induced cardiomyocytes apoptosis. Data from this study found the association of Cited2 down regulation with cardiomyocytes apoptosis and maternal diabetes-induced ventricular wall thinness genesis. © 2016 Elsevier Inc.
Sex- and gender-aspects in regard to clinical practice recommendations for pre-diabetes and diabetes; Metabolic diseases dramatically affect life of men and women from infancy up to old age and are a major challenge for clinicians. Health professionals are confronted with different needs of women and men. This article aims at an increase of gender awareness and the implementation of current knowledge of gender medicine in daily clinical practice with regard to pre-diabetes and diabetes. Sex and gender affect screening and diagnosis of metabolic diseases as well as treatment strategies and outcome. Impaired glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution are related to steroid hormones and therefore impose their influence on cardiovascular health in both men and women. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors relate to development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at younger age and at lower BMI compared to women, but women feature a dramatic increase of their cardiometabolic risk after menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with higher increase of vascular death in women, but higher increase of cancer death in men. In women pre-diabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavourable changes of coagulation and blood pressure. Pre-diabetic and diabetic women are at much higher relative risk for vascular disease. Women are more often obese and less physically active, but may even have greater benefit from increased physical activity than males. Whereas men predominantly feature impaired fasting glucose, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or the presence of a PCOS or increased androgen levels in women, on the other hand the presence of erectile dysfunction (ED) or decreased testosterone levels in men are sex specific risk factors for diabetes development. ED is a common feature of obese men with the Metabolic Syndrome and an important predictor of cardiovascular disease. Diabetic women also feature sexual dysfunctions much more frequently than non-diabetic women which should be addressed in clinical care. Several studies showed that diabetic women reach their targets of metabolic control (HbA1c), blood pressure and LDL-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons for worse treatment outcome in diabetic females are not clear. Furthermore, sex differences in action, pharmacokinetics, and side effects of pharmacological therapy have to be taken into account. © 2016, Springer-Verlag Wien.
What accounts for ethnic differences in newborn skinfold thickness comparing South Asians and White Caucasians? Findings from the START and FAMILY Birth Cohorts; South Asians are a high-risk group for type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease. We sought to determine ethnic differences in newborn adiposity comparing South Asians (SA) to White Caucasians (Whites).Methods:Seven hundred ninety pregnant women (401 SA, 389 Whites) and their full-term offspring from two birth cohorts in Canada were analyzed. Pregnant women completed a health assessment including a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test to assess for dysglycemia. Birthweight, length, waist and hip circumference, and triceps and subscapular skinfold thickness (a surrogate measure of body adiposity) were measured in all newborns. Multivariate regression was used to identify maternal factors associated with newborn skinfold measurements.Results:South Asian women were younger (30.1 vs 31.8 years, P<0.001), their prepregnancy body mass index was lower (23.7 vs 26.2, P<0.0001) and gestational diabetes was substantially higher (21% vs 13%, P=0.005) compared with Whites. Among full-term newborns, South Asians had lower birthweight (3283 vs 3517 g, P=0.0001), had greater skinfold thickness (11.7 vs 10.6 mm; P=0.0001) and higher waist circumference (31.1 vs 29.9 cm, P=0.0001) compared with Whites. Risk factors for newborn skinfold thickness included South Asian ethnicity (standardized estimate (s.e.): 0.24; P<0.0001), maternal glucose (s.e.: 0.079; P=0.04) and maternal body fat (s.e.: 0.14; P=0.0002).Conclusions:South Asian newborns are lower birthweight and have greater skinfold thickness, compared with White newborns, and this is influenced by maternal body fat and glucose. Interventions aimed at reducing body fat prior to pregnancy and gestational diabetes during pregnancy in South Asians may favorably alter newborn body composition and require evaluation. © 2016 Macmillan Publishers Limited.
Pregnancy after oocyte donation in 45, X Turner syndrome women, complicated by gestational diabetes and polyhydramnios. Case report and mini-review of literature; Patients suffering from Turner syndrome (TS) demonstrate characteristic clinical features, with a short stature and gonadal dysgenesis causing infertility in most patients. Spontaneous pregnancies in women with TS are quite rare and pregnancy outcomes involving an increased risk of miscarriage and stillbirths are observed. In this case report, we present a 28 years old pregnant woman with the diagnosis of TS. Due to hypergonadotrophic hypogonadism, she was proposed an in vitro fertilization (IVF) program with an oocyte donor from unrelated anonymous women. After the second transfer, implantation occurred. In the 24th week of gestation, gestational diabetes class 1 was diagnosed. In the 31st week of gestation, polyhydramnios was diagnosed, although other parameters were reassuring. Considering the polyhydramnios, along with the diagnosis of Turner syndrome in the mother, we decided to perform an elective cesarean section. Subsequently, a healthy term male was born. For most women with the diagnosis of TS, the only way to become pregnant is through oocyte donation. The aim of this work was to characterize the course of pregnancy in TS patient and review literature addressing this issue. © 2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Lipid status in phyisiological non-complicated pregnancy; Specifically altered lipid profile and physiological hyperlipidemia during pregnancy are considered essential for the normal course of pregnancy and fetal development. This specific alteration of the lipid profile raises the questions about potential proaterogenic effect of these altered lipid parameters during pregnancy and its influence on the development of cardiovascular disease in women later in life. Research topic was also the association of altered lipid profile during pregnancy with the development of complications in pregnancy, especially gestational diabetes, hypertension and preeclampsia. Through the mediation of cholesterol ester transfer protein (CETP), the activity of which grows in mid-gestation, there are exchanges of the triglycerides between VLDL and LDL or HDL particle, which leads to increased accumulation of triglycerides in these particles, causes them to become smaller and denser with much greater atherogenic potential. These changes in lipid profile point out that a large number of pregnancies increase risk of development of cardiovascular diseases later in life. In order to optimize the predictive capacity of the lipid profile during pregnancy, it is recommended to determine the indexes of lipid. © 2016, Farmaceutsko Drustvo Srbije. All rights reserved.
Placental endoplasmic reticulum stress and acidosis: relevant aspects in gestational diabetes; In this issue, Yung and colleagues (doi: 10.1007/s00125-016-4040-2) report endoplasmic reticulum stress in the placenta of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus. With the use of a trophoblast-like cell line, these authors identify putative mechanisms involved in, and treatments to prevent the induction of endoplasmic reticulum stress. Here, the relevance and possible implications of these findings and areas for further research are discussed. © 2016, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
High potassium level during pregnancy is associated with future cardiovascular morbidity; Objective: The present study was aimed to determine whether high potassium level during pregnancy is an independent risk factor for future atherosclerotic morbidity.Patients and methods: A case-control study was conducted including women who delivered between the years 2000-2012 and subsequently developed atherosclerotic morbidity after their last delivery (n = 653) and matched controls (n = 4101). The mean follow-up duration was 57.7 ± 36.5 and 78.5 ± 42.3 months, respectively. The cases were further divided into: major events (severe atherosclerotic morbidity; n = 363), minor events (i.e. cardiovascular risk factors; n = 201) and cardiovascular evaluation tests (n = 89). The Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for hospitalizations while controlling for confounders.Results: A Cox proportional hazard model, controlling for confounders such as gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, obesity, maternal age, creatinine level and gestational week at index pregnancy showed that K+≥ 5.0 mEq/L during pregnancy was significantly associated with hospitalizations due to severe atherosclerotic morbidity (adjusted HR = 1.55; 95% CI 1.02-2.35; p = 0.039). A non-significant trend was also noted with long-term total hospitalizations for atherosclerotic (adjusted HR = 1.39; 95% CI 0.99-1.94; p = 0.052).Conclusion: High potassium level during pregnancy is associated with a significant risk for severe atherosclerotic morbidity, as it might be an indication for occult metabolic and renal dysfunction. © 2015 Informa UK Ltd.
Adrenal, metabolic and cardio-renal dysfunction develops after pregnancy in rats born small or stressed by physiological measurements during pregnancy; Key points: Women born small are at an increased risk of developing pregnancy complications. Stress may further increase a woman's likelihood for an adverse pregnancy. Adverse pregnancy adaptations can lead to long-term diseases even after her pregnancy. The current study investigated the effects of stress during pregnancy on the long-term adrenal, metabolic and cardio-renal health of female rats that were born small. Stress programmed increased adrenal Mc2r gene expression, a higher insulin secretory response to glucose during intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test (+36%) and elevated renal creatinine clearance after pregnancy. Females that were born small had increased homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance and elevated systolic blood pressure after pregnancy, regardless of stress exposure. These findings suggest that being born small or being stressed during pregnancy programs long-term adverse health outcomes after pregnancy. However, stress in pregnancy does not exacerbate the long-term adverse health outcomes for females that were born small. Abstract: Females born small are more likely to experience complications during their pregnancy, including pregnancy-induced hypertension, pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. The risk of developing complications is increased by stress exposure during pregnancy. In addition, pregnancy complications may predispose the mother to diseases after pregnancy. We determined whether stress during pregnancy would exacerbate the adrenal, metabolic and cardio-renal dysfunction of growth-restricted females in later life. Late gestation bilateral uterine vessel ligation was performed in Wistar Kyoto rats to induce growth restriction. At 4 months, growth-restricted and control female offspring were mated with normal males. Those allocated to the stressed group had physiological measurements [metabolic cage, tail cuff blood pressure, intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test (IPGTT)] conducted during pregnancy whilst the unstressed groups were unhandled. After the completion of pregnancy, dams were aged to 12 months and blood pressure, and metabolic and renal function were assessed. At 13 months, adrenal glands, pancreases and plasma were collected at post-mortem. Females stressed during pregnancy had increased adrenal Mc2r gene expression (+22%), higher insulin secretory response to glucose during IPGTT (+36%) and higher creatinine clearance (+29%, indicating increased estimated glomerular filtration rate). In contrast, females that were born small had increased homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (+54%), increased water intake (+23%), urine output (+44%) and elevated systolic blood pressure (+7%) regardless of exposure to stress. Our findings suggest that low maternal birth weight and maternal stress exposure during pregnancy are both independently detrimental for long-term adrenal, metabolic and cardio-renal health of the mother, although their effects were not exacerbated. © 2016 The Authors. The Journal of Physiology © 2016 The Physiological Society
Maternal medical conditions during pregnancy and gross motor development up to age 24 months in the Upstate KIDS study; Aim: We examined whether children of mothers with a medical condition diagnosed before or during pregnancy took longer to achieve gross motor milestones up to age 24 months. Method: We obtained information on medical conditions using self-reports, birth certificates, and hospital records in 4909 mothers participating in Upstate KIDS, a population-based birth cohort. Mothers reported on their children's motor milestone achievement at 4, 8, 12, 18, and 24 months of age. Results: After adjustment for covariates (including pre-pregnancy body mass index), children of mothers with gestational diabetes took longer to achieve sitting without support (hazard ratio [HR]=0.84, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.75–0.93), walking with assistance (HR=0.88, 95% CI 0.77–0.98), and walking alone (HR=0.88, 95% CI 0.77–0.99) than children of females with no gestational diabetes. Similar findings emerged for maternal diabetes. Gestational hypertension was associated with a longer time to achieve walking with assistance. These associations did not change after adjustment for gestational age or birthweight. Severe hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were related to a longer time to achieve milestones, but not after adjustment for perinatal factors. Interpretation: Children exposed to maternal diabetes, gestational or pre-gestational, may take longer to achieve motor milestones than non-exposed children, independent of maternal obesity. © 2015 Mac Keith Press
Sacral agenesis: evaluation of accompanying pathologies in 38 cases, with analysis of long-term outcomes; Purpose: Sacral agenesis (SA), or caudal regression syndrome, is a congenital malformation of the spine of varying degree of severity. The aim of our study was to identify associated impairments in structure and function of the orthopedic, neurological, cardiopulmonary, genitourinary, and gastrointestinal systems, and to evaluate their impact on function. Methods: This was a retrospective case series analysis of 38 patients with SA. Patients were divided into two groups: SA with myelomeningocele (group 1) and without myelomeningocele (group 2). Between-group comparisons in terms of the features of the SA, impairments in associated systems, impact on gross motor function, need for surgery, and association with prenatal screening and maternal gestational diabetes were evaluated. Results: The majority of comorbidities were orthopedic and neurological in nature. Impairments in sphincter control and independent transferring were more prevalent in group 1, resulting in lower function. Scoliosis, kyphosis, and hip dislocation/subluxation were the most common orthopedic problems, with a higher prevalence of kyphosis in group 1. The requirement for neurosurgery was significantly higher in group 1. Conclusions: Orthopedic and neurological comorbidities are commonly associated with SA and are more prevalent in the presence of a myelomeningocele. As the impairments impact a child’s ability for maximum function, early identification and intervention is required to correct or ameliorate the impairment. Level of Evidence: Level IV. © 2016, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Placental endoplasmic reticulum stress in the determination of pregnancy outcome: From homeostasis to pathophysiology; Adverse consequences of pregnancy disorders not only threaten the lives of the unborn baby and its mother, but also pose an increased risk of chronic poor health, such as obesity, type II diabetes, and cardiovascular disease, for both individuals in later life. It is estimated that approximately one-fifth of human pregnancies suffer from various types of pregnancy disorders, and fetal growth restriction (FGR), preeclampsia (PE), and gestational diabetes account for the majority of cases. In the last decade, increasing evidence has demonstrated that endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress plays a central role in the causation of many human pathologies, including metabolic syndromes, neurodegenerative diseases and cancers. Furthermore, the molecular mechanisms involved have been widely explored and documented. In contrast, research on ER stress in pregnancy disorders is in its infancy. Placental dysfunction is well recognized to be central to many of these disorders. The placenta is a transient organ that exists only at the time of the pregnancy, and is vital for its success. The placenta forms the interface between the mother and her fetus, functioning like a "lifesupport machine" as well as shielding the fetus from maternal immune attack. It also secretes large quantities of hormones and growth factors into the maternal circulation that modulate maternal physiology and metabolism in order to meet the demands of the growing fetus. We therefore speculate that the placenta, like the pancreas, is susceptible to ER stress. Our group was the first to report the existence of ER stress in placentas from pregnancies complicated by FGR and PE in 2008. Since then, we have identified that activation of ER stress pathways may also play a more physiological role in the regulation of placental development, for example in pregnancies at high altitude where it most likely represents a homeostatic adaptation to the chronic hypobaric hypoxia experienced. ER stress can act as a "double-edged sword, " to ensure the survival of cells under stressed conditions, but also to promote cell death in order to eliminate irreversibly damaged cells. In this chapter, we provide evidence for the existence of ER stress in placentas from a number of pregnancy disorders, and outline the potential molecular mechanisms involved. We then discuss how the severity of placental ER stress may play a crucial role in determining pregnancy outcome. Furthermore, the potential use of ER stress biomarkers as early diagnostic tools in pregnancy disorders is discussed, and the molecular signature for classifying subtypes of PE evaluated. © 2016 Nova Science Publishers, Inc.
Prevalence and distribution of (micro)albuminuria in toddlers; BackgroundMicroalbuminuria is common in the general adult population, with a prevalence of ∼7%, and is an independent indicator of renal and cardiovascular risks. Whether albuminuria is acquired during life (as a result of hypertension/diabetes) or is congenital and already present at birth is unknown. We studied the prevalence of microalbuminuria in toddlers and compared the distribution of albuminuria with that of the general adult population. In addition, we looked for possible associations between microalbuminuria and antenatal, postnatal and maternal factors. MethodsThe urinary albumin concentration (UAC) was measured in 1352 children and the urinary albumin:creatinine ratio (UACR) in 1288 children from the Groningen Expert Center for Kids with Obesity (GECKO) Drenthe cohort (age range 20-40 months). Albuminuria distribution was compared with the albuminuria distribution in 40 854 participants of the general adult cohort of the Prevention of Renal and Vascular End stage Disease (PREVEND) study. Associations between albuminuria (expressed as UAC and UACR) and antenatal, postnatal and maternal factors were tested with linear regression analysis. ResultsThe median UAC in the GECKO study was 2.3 mg/L (5th-95th percentiles: 2.1-25.5) and in the PREVEND study it was 6.0 mg/L (2.3-28.6) (P distribution comparison 0.053). The prevalence of UAC ≥ 20 mg/L was 6.9% in the GECKO study and 7.8% in the PREVEND study (P = 0.195). The prevalence of UACR ≥ 30 mg/g in the GECKO study was 23.4%. UAC and UACR were lower in boys. UAC was not associated with other determinants, but UACR was associated with age and gestational diabetes. ConclusionsThe distribution of UAC and the prevalence of UAC > 20 mg/L in toddlers and in the young general adult population are comparable. These findings suggest that microalbuminuria is a congenital condition that may predispose to a higher cardiovascular risk later in life. © 2015 The Author 2015. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of ERA-EDTA. All rights reserved.
Hyperglycaemia-induced oxidative stress in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); An imbalance between production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and their clearance by antioxidant defence mechanisms results in the development of oxidative stress. Biological consequences of this state involve oxidative damage of key cellular components such as nucleic acids, lipids, or proteins and, in turn, impairment of cell and tissue function. Evidence from clinical and experimental studies supports the notion that oxidative stress is one of pathologic factors associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), metabolic disorder defined as any degree of glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. It has been established that high blood glucose concentrations in diabetic pregnancy induce oxidative stress by several mechanisms, including an enhanced ROS production in mitochondria, the polyol pathway and the hexosamine pathway, as well as protein kinase C (PKC) activation and an advanced glycation end-products (AGEs) formation, and changes in biomarkers of free radical-induced damage and antioxidant defences have been detected in maternal diabetes. Moreover, hyperglycaemia-induced oxidative stress is related with some congenital anomalies in diabetic pregnancy. The current article provides an overview how oxida-tive stress is related to GDM, with special emphasis on the involvement of the hyperglycaemia-induced mechanisms in ROS overproduction, followed by discussion of indicators of oxidative stress. In addition, the relationship between oxidative stress and congenital malformations in diabetic pregnancy is described.
Mean platelet volume in women with gestational diabetes; Purpose: Mean platelet volume (MPV) is an indicator of platelet activation which plays an important role in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. The purpose of this study was to compare MPV values in patients with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM), who have different degrees of carbohydrate intolerance with that in women without pGDM; and to retrospectively analyze MPV in these women during pregnancy. Material and Method: One hundred and five consecutive women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 40 women with negative screening for GDM were studied. Results: There was no statistically significant difference in MPV between women with pGDM and health controls. Although not significant, women with pGDM developing type 2 diabetes had elevated levels of MPV compared to their normoglycemic counterparts (p=0.092). MPV was positively correlated with fasting glucose levels (r=0.215, p=0.009). During pregnancy, the mean platelet volume was significantly higher in women with GDM than in healthy pregnant controls (p<0.05). Discussion: Our results suggest that alterations in MPV levels are associated with diabetic state rather than underlying insulin resistance. © 2016, Galenos Yayincilik. All rights reserved.
Effect of Borderline Personality Disorder on Obstetrical and Neonatal Outcomes; Background: Borderline personality disorder (BPD) is a serious mental disorder commonly associated with functional impairments and adverse health outcomes. Very little is known about BPD in pregnant women; hence, our study objective was to evaluate the effect of BPD on obstetrical and neonatal outcomes. Methods: We carried out a retrospective cohort study using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project, Nationwide Inpatient Sample from 2003 to 2012. We identified births using the International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) diagnostic and procedure codes and classified women by BPD status. Multivariate logistic regression was used to evaluate the effect of BPD on obstetrical and neonatal outcomes, adjusted for subject baseline characteristics. Findings: During the study period, there were 989 births to women with BPD with an overall incidence of 11.65 in 100,000 births. Women with BPD were more likely younger, of lower socioeconomic status, smoked or used drugs, and had an underlying mental disorder. Unadjusted models revealed that BPD was associated with an increased risk of almost all adverse maternal and fetal outcomes we examined, the exception being post partum hemorrhage and instrumental delivery, which both had a null association with BPD, and induction of labor, which was negatively associated with BPD. Upon full adjustment, BPD was found to be associated with the following obstetrical and neonatal outcomes: gestational diabetes (odds ratio [OR], 1.45; 95% CI, 1.13-1.85), premature rupture of the membranes (OR, 1.40; 95% CI, 1.07-1.83), chorioamnionitis (OR, 1.65; 95% CI, 1.14-2.39), venous thromboembolism (OR, 2.11; 95% CI, 1.12-3.96), caesarian delivery (OR, 1.44; 95% CI, 1.26-1.64), and preterm birth (OR, 1.54; 95% CI, 1.29-1.83). Conclusion: BPD is associated with several adverse obstetrical and neonatal outcomes. Hence, pregnant women who suffer from BPD should be monitored closely by a multidisciplinary health care team both before and during their pregnancies. This oversight would allow for the receipt of treatment for BPD and also interventions to help them to cease tobacco and drug use, which may ultimately decrease the incidence of poor obstetrical and neonatal outcomes. © 2016 Jacobs Institute of Women's Health.
The potential impact of maternal milk consumption during pregnancy on mTORC1-driven fetal growth; The placenta regulates nutrient transfer to the fetus for fetal growth. Cell growth is orchestrated by the nutrient-sensitive kinase mechanistic target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1). mTORC1 is activated by growth factors such as insulin and insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), amino acids, predominantly leucine and glutamine, glucose, and saturated fatty acids, especially palmitate. mTORC1 is involved in the regulation of placenta growth as well as placental nutrient transfer important for mTORC1-driven fetal growth. Milk consumption activates mTORC1 of the milk recipient promoting growth and anabolism. In terms of evolutionary biology, persistent milk consumption of Homo sapiens is a recent behavioral change most recently boosted by the introduction of widespread refrigeration technology allowing permanent access to milk and dairy products during pregnancy. In comparison to all other mammals, humans are exceptional as they expose their pregnancy to the mTORC1-activating signaling system of bovine lactation. This chapter provides translational and epidemiological evidence that milk consumption during pregnancy increases maternal weight gain, promotes placental growth, fetal growth and birth weight as a result of exaggerated placental mTORC1-mediated nutrient transfer to the fetus. Increased birth weight and fetal macrosomia have been associated with the development of obesity, diabetes, allergy, arterial hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, and cancer in adult life. Milk consumption during pregnancy appears to upregulate mTORC1/FGF21-mediated glucose and mTORC1-driven amino acid transfer to the fetus. Milk consumption during pregnancy is a substantial health risk for the developing human fetus deviating appropriate metabolic programming that finally promotes mTORC1-driven diseases of civilization. © Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.
Improving prescription of physical exercise in prophylaxis/therapy of gestational diabetes: A survey from evidence to current recommendations; Exercise has been proved to be safe during pregnancy and to offer benefits for both mother and fetus; moreover, physical activity may represent a useful tool for gestational diabetes prevention and treatment. Therefore, all women in uncomplicated pregnancy should be encouraged to engage in physical activity as part of a healthy lifestyle. However, exercise in pregnancy needs a careful medical evaluation to exclude medical or obstetric contraindications to exercise, and an appropriate prescription considering frequency, intensity, type and duration of exercise, to carefully balance between potential benefits and potential harmful effects. Moreover, some precautions related to anatomical and functional adaptations observed during pregnancy should be taken into consideration. This survey summarized the suggested recommendations for physical activity among pregnant women with focus on gestational diabetes. © 2015, Partner-Graf srl, Prato.
The potential role of biomarkers in predicting gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes (GD) is a frequent complication during pregnancy and is associated with maternal and neonatal complications. It is suggested that a disturbing environment for the foetus, such as impaired glucose metabolism during intrauterine life, may result in enduring epigenetic changes leading to increased disease risk in adult life. Hence, early prediction of GD is vital. Current risk prediction models are based on maternal and clinical parameters, lacking a strong predictive value. Adipokines are mainly produced by adipocytes and suggested to be a link between obesity and its cardiovascular complications. Various adipokines, including adiponectin, leptin and TNFα, have shown to be dysregulated in GD. This review aims to outline biomarkers potentially associated with the pathophysiology of GD and discuss the role of integrating predictive biomarkers in current clinical risk prediction models, in order to enhance the identification of those at risk. © 2016. The authors.
Technology and Health Care; The proceedings contain 50 papers. The topics discussed include: rigid and elastic registration for coronary artery IVUS images; research of the assessable method of postpartum hemorrhage; influence of gestational age and time of day in baseline and heart rate variation of fetuses; hemodynamic changes in osteonecrosis treatment of the femoral head with iliac bone flaps pedicled with the lateral femoral circumflex artery ascending branch: a 10-year report; research of gestational diabetes mellitus risk evaluation method; esophageal reconstruction: combined application of muscle tissue flap and inner chitosan tube stent in rabbits; the effect of telehealth systems and satisfaction with health expenditure among patients with metabolic syndrome; 2D biological representations with reduced speckle obtained from two perpendicular ultrasonic arrays; risk diagnosis based on diameter of abdominal aortic aneurysm; a hierarchical two-phase framework for selecting genes in cancer datasets with a neuro-fuzzy system; and a study on the operation of rehabilitation interfaces in active rehabilitation exercises for upper limb hemiplegic patients: interfaces for lateral and bilateral exercises.
Sleep Disordered Breathing and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Sleep disordered breathing (SDB) occurs in 0.6% to 15% of reproductive-aged women. Because of an overlap in symptoms of SDB and normal pregnancy findings, the diagnosis of SDB in pregnancy is challenging. The repetitive arousals, sleep fragmentation, and hypoxias experienced by patients with SDB lead to an increase in oxidative stress and inflammation. In the nonpregnant population SDB is associated with an increased risk of diabetes mellitus, heart disease, and stroke. Increasing evidence identifies an association between SDB in pregnancy and gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and fetal growth abnormalities. © 2016 Elsevier Inc..
Aplastic anemia associated with pregnancy: Maternal and fetal complications; Objective: To analyze obstetric complications associated with aplastic anemia (AA) among pregnant women and analyze the underlying factors.Methods: A retrospective analysis of 60 pregnancies with AA. Thirty four of these patients were grouped as complicated group having obstetric complications and the rest 26 without complications as the control group. Comparative analysis was conducted to access the related risk factors, which may affect the maternal and fetal complications.Results: The major maternal complications in this study were premature labor, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, acute heart failure, postpartum hemorrhage, and severe postpartum infection. Premature birth, fetal growth restriction and stillbirths accounted for 27.3%, 5.0% and 6.7% of prenatal mortality. Twenty six of patients had uncomplicated pregnancies. Patients without complications had higher mean hemoglobin concentration (75.38 ± 16.19 g/L) and platelet counts (23.92 ± 14.82 × 109 cells/L) than did women with complications (mean hemoglobin concentration, 61.47 ± 15.15 g/L, p = 0.001; mean platelet counts, 12.11 ± 7.87 × 109 cells/L, p < 0.001).Conclusion: Pregnancies associated with AA can carry the risk of multiple maternal and fetal complications. Low hemoglobin concentration and platelet counts may be the primary risk factors for obstetric complications in pregnancies associated with AA. © 2015 Taylor & Francis.
Correlation between birth weight and placental weight in healthy and diabetic puerperae; Objective The birth weight/placental weight ratio has an important predictive value for perinatal mortality and morbidity and for cardiovascular diseases in adult life. In this study, we compared the birth weight/placental weight (BW/PW) ratio and the correlation between the two parameters in diabetic women with that observed in healthy women. Materials and Methods A total of 347 consecutive newborn infants from healthy puerperae, 164 newborns from puerperae with gestational diabetes, 148 newborns from puerperae with preexisting type 1 diabetes, and 40 newborns from puerperae with preexisting type 2 diabetes have been studied from the White population of Rome. The research project was approved by the Institutional Review Board and informed written consent was obtained from the participating mothers. Results The BW/PW ratio is higher, and the correlation between the two parameters is lower in all classes of diabetes as compared to healthy puerperae. A remarkably low correlation is observed in preexisting diabetes pointing to a dissociation of fetal growth from placental growth. Discussion In diabetic pregnancy the BW/PW ratio is higher, and the correlation between birth weight and placental weight is lower in all classes of diabetic as compared to healthy puerperae pointing to a relative dissociation between the two parameters. It has been suggested that the increase of glycemic levels in diabetic pregnancy predisposes to important diseases in adult life. The dissociation of BW from PW in infants of diabetic pregnancy could be a predictor of the risk for such diseases of adult life. © 2016
Insertion and deletion polymorphism in the alpha-2B adrenoceptor gene in pregnant women ripens gestational diabetes mellitus; There are no earlier studies that reported the association of the 12Glu9 polymorphism in the alpha-2B adrenoceptor (ADRA2B) gene with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We examined the potential association between the ADRA2B gene insertion/deletion (I/D) polymorphism in the Saudi population with GDM. Pregnant women with GDM have been reported to exhibit the same susceptibility as that observed in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We have selected I/D polymorphism of the ADRA2B gene located in chromosome 2q11.1 that has been extensively related to T2DM and cardiovascular diseases. This case-control study was conducted with 200 GDM and 300 non-GDM pregnant women. Genotyping of I/D polymorphism was performed by conventional PCR method. Biochemical analyses were found to be significantly different between GDM and non-GDM subjects (p < 0.05). Genotype (ID + DD vs II, p = 0.0002) and allele (D vs I, p = 0.0002) frequencies of the 12Glu9 polymorphism were found to be statistically significant. However, a significant difference was found between allele and genotypes of I/D polymorphism of the ADRA2B gene or the clinical characteristics of the subjects. Our results obtained in this study indicate the ADRA2B gene in the Saudi women was associated with the development of GDM. © 2014 The Authors.
Detecting people at high risk of type 2 diabetes- How do we find them and who should be treated?; Diabetes is a chronic disease characterized by its silent and progressive nature. The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) increases with age but with a worrying trend of increasingly young age of diagnosis. Compared to their counterparts with late onset of disease, these younger subjects face long disease duration with increased risk of diabetes-related complications. Besides, there is marked phenotypic heterogeneity which can interact with different interventions to give rise to variable clinical outcomes. Recognized at-risk groups include those with known atherosclerosis and vascular disease, genetic background (family history and non-White ethnic groups), phenotypes of insulin resistance (obesity, metabolic syndrome, women with gestational diabetes or polycystic ovarian syndrome, and men with androgen deficiency) and “pre-diabetes” (impaired glucose tolerance and impaired fasting glucose). These risk factors interact to amplify the risk for diabetes, thus emphasizing the importance of comprehensive assessment. Raising awareness and health literacy, regular screening of high risk subjects, structured lifestyle modification program including early use of pharmacological agents, targeting at predominant pathophysiological defects offers a personalized approach to prevent this global hazard. © 2016 The Authors
Similarities and differences between the risk factors for gestational hypertension and preeclampsia: A population based cohort study in south China; Objectives To compare the risk factors for gestational hypertension (GH) and preeclampsia (PE) in the same population, which may provide clues to better understanding of their etiologic mechanisms. Methods We conducted a cohort study in Liuyang, China, during 2010-2011. Twelve potential risk factors were investigated, including maternal age, body mass index at first antenatal visit, gender of newborn, parity, abortion history, smoking history, family history of hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy complications of diabetes mellitus/renal disease/cardiac disease, reproductive tract infection, season of delivery, and district level average per capita income. Logistic regression were used to estimate odds ratios for potential risk factors. Results Of 6223 pregnancies, 1.8% was complicated by PE, and 5.4% by GH. Maternal age older than 35, body mass index above 24, and pregnancy complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus increased the risk of both PE and GH, while with different effect sizes. Primiparity and deliver in winter and spring (compared with summer delivery) were risk factors for GH only. Pregnancy complicated with diabetes mellitus/renal disease/cardiac disease was risk factor for PE only. Significantly lower risk of GH was observed for women younger than 25 or with low body mass index in the first trimester. Mothers carrying a male fetus were more likely to develop PE. Conclusions Risk factors for GH and PE were not exactly the same. Underling those differences might be their different etiology and mechanism. To confirm the similarities and differences been found in single study, it is important to conduct investigation in other population. © 2015 International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Oral Microbiome: Contributions to Local and Systemic Infections; The recent revolution of diagnostic methods emphasizing non-culture techniques has redefined the oral microbiota, its “Dual Citizenship”, recognizing oral flora inhabitants of eight dispersed locations are colonized by over 700 species, equal in bacteria (16S) and fungi (18S). Either prefers the attached biofilm phenotype, biotic or abiotic surfaces, its extra polymeric substance (EPS) protected environment promoting horizontal gene transfer (HGT), and gene amplified resistance. The biofilm growth pattern mimics that of solid tumors and a four-stage lifestyle (I–IV) catalyzing the term biotumor, emphasizing dispersal via metastasis. The molecular methods are now multitiered system platforms employing: PCR, mass spectrometry, fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH), highlighted by matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization time-of-flight (MALDI-TOF), and IBIS or microarray gene sequencing providing inexpensive rapid results complementing the Human Genome Project unmasking a rich, diverse oral microbiota and mycobiota. The emerging head-neck oral diseases now emphasize medical devices [endotracheal tube (ETT) and voice boxes], dentures, and links with cognition [Alzheimer’s disease (AD)] and NOMA, while systemic manifestations highlight extra oral communications via inflammation, microbial presence (metastasis), or both, recently consolidated by the new Yin Yang hypothesis. These migrating oral microbiota-associated diseases include rheumatoid arthritis (RA), perio-arthritis, child-mother birth issues [adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO)], gestational diabetes (GDM), and liver consequences [non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD)/non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH)], all inter-related using a four-quadrant microbial clock. New interventions employ the disarm/replace hypothesis, avoiding “kill” focusing on therapeutic bacteria (probiotics), recognizing untoured consequences of antibiotics, and a need for a balanced oral microbiota. Most importantly is the recognition that the disconnect between dentistry and medicine is no longer tenable, and oral health and systemic health are integrated by the human oral microbiota, which is part of the host Dual Citizenship. © 2016, Springer International Publishing AG.
Gestational diabetes mellitus as a risk factor for development of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects approximately 1-18% of all pregnant women, but it depends on the used diagnostic criteria and ethnicity. Women with a history of GDM are prone to future development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) later in life. It is known that GDM represents an early stage in the natural history of type 2 diabetes. As a result, a growing number of women are now at increased risk of developing T2DM. Opportunities for prevention or diagnosis of diabetes in women with a history of GDM include screening in the early postpartum period. The diagnosis "Gestational diabetes mellitus" requires long term follow up of the disorders in glucose metabolism in order to prevent and avoid the development of diabetes and other metabolic disorders, associated with cardiovascular disease. Postpartum attention to women with a history of GDM should be directed to promotion and education of the mother on healthy eating, physical activity planned with an accent on reducing body weight, breastfeeding and smoking cessation.
Nutraceuticals as lipid-lowering treatment in pregnancy and their effects on the metabolic syndrome; Maternal nutrition and lifestyle before and during pregnancy influence both mother and offspring’s health and can be correlated with the metabolic syndrome in later life. Findings from animal and human studies indicate that nutrition during pregnancy has an important role in microbiological, metabolic, physiologic and immunologic development and homeostasis. A low nutritional intake in early pregnancy may represent a risk for adverse effects during pregnancy as well as on birth outcome. It seems that dietary supplementation with probiotics in perinatal period may represent safe and practical approach in dealing with the most common adverse pregnancy outcomes such as obesity and gestational diabetes. The SPRING (Study of Probiotics in the prevention of Gestational diabetes) will give important answers about potential benefits of probiotics in pregnant women who are obese and overweight and otherwise at the high risk for complications during pregnancy. Fish oil supplementation during the last trimester of pregnancy showed no effects on plasma lipids and lipoproteins in offspring, as well as on their adiposity. The effect of hypercholesterolemia during pregnancy on both mothers and child needs to be further investigated as it could have a biological role. The guidelines for the eventual clinical approach currently do not exist. Potential benefits of nutraceuticals on several metabolic parameters have been suggested. Limited evidence does not allow to draw final conclusions on preventive health strategies and dietary patterns that should be promoted during pregnancy. Further prospective and intervention studies are needed to establish it. Healthy lifestyle and dietary advice with appropriate supplements usage should be considered. © 2016 Bentham Science Publishers.
Ambient air pollution and adverse birth outcomes: Differences by maternal comorbidities; Background: Prenatal exposure to ambient air pollution has been associated with adverse birth outcomes, but the potential modifying effect of maternal comorbidities remains understudied. Our objective was to investigate whether associations between prenatal air pollution exposures and birth outcomes differ by maternal comorbidities. Methods: A total of 818,400 singleton live births were identified in the province of Ontario, Canada from 2005 to 2012. We assigned exposures to fine particulate matter (PM2.5), nitrogen dioxide (NO2) and ozone (O3) to maternal residences during pregnancy. We evaluated potential effect modification by maternal comorbidities (i.e. asthma, hypertension, pre-existing diabetes mellitus, heart disease, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia) on the associations between prenatal air pollution and preterm birth, term low birth weight and small for gestational age. Results: Interquartile range (IQR) increases in PM2.5 (2 μg/m3), NO2 (9 ppb) and O3 (5 ppb) over the entire pregnancy were associated with a 4% (95% CI: 2.4-5.6%), 8.4% (95% CI: 5.5-10.3%) and 2% (95% CI: 0.5-4.1%) increase in the odds of preterm birth, respectively. Increases of 10.6% (95% CI: 0.2-2.1%) and 23.8% (95% CI: 5.5-44.8%) in the odds of preterm birth were observed among women with pre-existing diabetes while the increases were of 3.8% (95% CI: 2.2-5.4%) and 6.5% (95% CI: 3.7-8.4%) among women without this condition for pregnancy exposure to PM2.5 and NO2, respectively (Pint<0.01). The increase in the odds of preterm birth for exposure to PM2.5 during pregnancy was higher among women with preeclampsia (8.3%, 95% CI: 0.8-16.4%) than among women without (3.6%, 95% CI: 1.8-5.3%) (Pint=0.04). A stronger increase in the odds of preterm birth was found for exposure to O3 during pregnancy among asthmatic women (12.0%, 95% CI: 3.5-21.1%) compared to non-asthmatic women (2.0%, 95% CI: 0.1-3.5%) (Pint<0.01). We did not find statistically significant effect modification for the other outcomes investigated. Conclusions: Findings of this study suggest that associations of ambient air pollution with preterm birth are stronger among women with pre-existing diabetes, asthma, and preeclampsia. © 2016.
Diabetes-induced perturbations are subject to intergenerational transmission through maternal line; The hypothesis of fetal origins of adult disease states that early life events program the occurrence of significant adult diseases, including diabetes and obesity. Maternal diabetes is associated with general stress environment for developing fetus, and gestational diabetes is an independent risk factor for type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome in offspring. Intra-uterine fetal programming of fetal tissues exposes the offspring to increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Here, we examined the transmission of maternal diabetes-induced fetal programming in second generation and compared maternal and paternal routes of intergenerational effects. We organized 40 Wistar rats into three groups, male offspring of diabetic mothers, female offspring of diabetic mothers, and offspring of control mothers. These groups were mated with normal healthy rats to assess the effect of grand-maternal diabetes on pregnancy outcome in F2 rats, as well as glucose-sensing parameters, insulin resistance, and glucose tolerance prenatally and postnatally. We found that F2 offspring of diabetic mothers had impaired glucose sensing, increased oxidative stress, insulin resistance, and impaired glucose tolerance, and these effects were more prominent in the F2 offspring of F1 female rats (F2-DF1F). We deduce that fetal programming of maternal diabetes is mostly transmitted through maternal line across two generations. © 2016, University of Navarra.
Life-threatening ketoacidosis in a pregnant woman with psychotic disorder; Pregnancy is an insulin resistant state. Hyperglycaemia and gestational diabetes mellitus are well-recognised complications even in women without existing metabolic syndrome or obesity. Pregnant women also appear to be more vulnerable to ketoacidosis, particularly after short periods of reduced oral intake in the third trimester, and may present with very severe starvation ketoacidosis, prompting emergent delivery. We present a case of a woman with a background of depression and psychotic episodes. Olanzapine had been commenced after a psychotic episode at 20 weeks’ gestation. Gestational diabetes mellitus was diagnosed at 28 weeks, and she was then admitted at 31 weeks with severe euglycaemic ketoacidosis following a short period of vomiting. She underwent caesarean section when the metabolic disturbances did not resolve with medical treatment. We believe atypical antipsychotic therapy contributed to the profound insulin resistance seen here, and that obstetricians, physicians and psychiatrists must be aware of the risks conferred by these agents in pregnancy. © 2015, © The Author(s) 2015.
ASSOCIATION BETWEEN PREGNANCY COMPLICATIONS AND LONG TERM MATERNAL CARDIOVASCULAR MORBIDITY; In recent years there is a significant increase in the rate of the metabolic syndrome. Correspondingly, and possibly due to this increase, there is a significant increase in cardiovascular events in women. Contradictory to the concept that obstetric complication is limited to pregnancy, some obstetric complications may cause or seemingly provide a preliminary sign for future maternal morbidity. In recent years there have been an increasing number of studies that examined the theory that vascular-related complications of pregnancy may be associated with increased risk for future maternal cardiovascular morbidity. We present a review of the literature, in addition to a series of studies conducted in Soroka University Medical Center that examined the association between pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, placental abruption and recurrent pregnancy loss and future long term maternal cardiovascular morbidity.
Moderate hypoxia exhibits increased endothelial progenitor vessel-forming ability however gestational diabetes caused to impede compensatory defense reaction; Endothelium represents a defense barrier and responds and integrates neuro humoral stimulus which describes as a compensatory mechanism. Endothelium formed with endothelial cells (ECs) and their progenitors. Endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) represent minor subpopulation of mononuclear cells in the blood. During acute hypoxia, larger amount of EPCs mobilize into the peripheral blood and they directly contribute revascularization process. One of the subtypes of EPC is termed endothelial colony forming cells (ECFCs) which they possess de novo vessel-forming ability. The present study aims to investigate the role of hypoxia in EPCs functional and vessel-forming ability. Furthermore, it was investigated whether fetal exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment influence EPCs adaptation ability. Human umbilical cord blood (HUCB) derived ECFCs were selected in all experimental procedures obtained from normal and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) subjects via in vitro cell culture methods. Early passage (<5) HUCB ECFCs obtain from GDM (n; 5) and control (n; 5) subjects were cultured with plates pre-coated with collagen in vitro 72 h hypoxic as well as normoxic condition. Endothelial, angiogenic and hypoxia associated gene specific primers designed to perform Real-time PCR. Senescenes assay conducted onto HUCB ECFCs to investigate their functional clonogenic ability. To quantify their vessel forming ability matrigel assay was applied. These data demonstrates that moderate hypoxia results increased vessel-forming ability and VEGFA expression in HUCB ECFCs obtained from control subjects. However, GDM caused to impede compensatory defense reaction against hypoxia which observed in control subjects. Thus, it illuminates beneficial information related future therapeutic modalities.
Protective effects of the mediterranean diet on type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome; Several studies provide evidence supporting a beneficial effect from the traditionalMediterranean diet (MedDiet) on the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and metabolic syndrome (MetS). This review summarizes the current scientific evidence from epidemiologic studies and clinical trials on the relation between the MedDiet and T2DM and MetS and the possible mechanisms underlying the reported associations. A recent meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies showed that greater adherence to the MedDietwas associated with a significant reduction in the risk of diabetes. The MedDiet has also been found to be beneficial in the prevention of gestational diabetes. Four large prospective studies have observed inverse associations between the MedDiet and MetS or its components. Few randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have evaluated the effect of th eMedDiet on T2DM and MetS. Results from the landmark PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) nutrition intervention trial showed that participants assigned to the MedDiet had a significant30%reduction in the risk ofT2DMand that it also promoted the reversion of MetS and its components, hyperglycemia and central obesity. In addition, 5 RCTs showed the beneficial effects of the MedDiet comparedwith other dietary patterns on glycemic control in patients with T2DM. A recent meta-analysis of RCTs revealed that, compared with a variety of control diets, the MedDiet was associated with beneficial effects on all MetS components. Bioactive components of the MedDiet synergize to affect variousmetabolic pathways, leading to a reduced cardiometabolic disease risk. The abundance of healthy, nutrient-dense foods thatmakeup the plant-basedMedDiet predicts its bioactivity and potential to beneficially influence metabolic pathwaysthat lead to MetS and T2DM, aswell asother chronicconditions.Abundantepidemiologic andclinical trial evidence supports the role of the MedDiet on the prevention and management of T2DM and MetS. © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Obstetrical outcomes in patients with early onset gestational diabetes; Objective: The objective of this study was to characterize patients with early onset gestational diabetes and compare outcomes to patients diagnosed with standard gestational diabetes and pregestational diabetes.Methods: This is a retrospective cohort study of patients diagnosed with gestational or pregestational diabetes. All patients received a glucose challenge test at their first prenatal visit to diagnose early onset gestational diabetes and were recommended to have postpartum glucose tolerance tests to detect undiagnosed type 2 diabetes. Outcomes were compared between patients with early onset gestational diabetes and both standard gestational diabetes and pregestational diabetes with p < 0.05 was used for significance.Results: Four hundred and twenty-four patients met the inclusion criteria. Nine percent of the patients with early onset gestational diabetes were found to have undiagnosed type 2 diabetes based on postpartum testing and 91% to have resolution in the postpartum period. No patient with early onset gestational diabetes and resolution in the postpartum period had abnormal screening for renal or ophthalmologic disease, but 5% had abnormal fetal echocardiograms. These patients were more likely to require pharmacotherapy for glycemic control than patients with standard gestational diabetes and less likely than patients with pregestational diabetes (55% versus 39% versus 81%).Conclusion: Most patients diagnosed with early onset gestational diabetes do not have undiagnosed type 2 diabetes but do have unique characteristics and obstetrical outcomes. © 2014 Informa UK Ltd.
Adverse effects during the oral glucose tolerance test in post-bariatric surgery patients; Objective: The oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) is used in the screening of gestational diabetes, in diagnosis of type 2 diabetes in conjunction with fasting blood glucose and glycated hemoglobin. The aim of this study was to examine the incidence and risk factors of adverse effects of OGTT in patients who underwent bariatric surgery, in addition to proposing standardization for ordering the OGTT in these patients. Subjects and methods: This study assessed the incidence of adverse effects in 128 post-bariatric surgery patients who underwent the OGTT. Descriptive and logistic regression analysis were performed, the dependent variables were defined as the presence of signs (tremor, profuse sweating, tachycardia), symptoms (nausea, diarrhea, dizziness, weakness), and hypoglycemia (blood glucose ≤ 50 mg/dL). Results: One hundred and seventeen participants (91.4%) were female; 38 (29.7%) participants were pregnant. High incidence (64.8%) of adverse effects was observed: nausea (38.4%), dizziness (30.5%), weakness (25.8%), diarrhea (23.4%), hypoglycemia (14.8%), tachycardia (14.1%), tremor (13.3%), profuse sweating (12.5%) and one case of severe hypoglycemia (24 mg/dL). The presence of signs was associated with hypoglycemia (OR = 8.1, CI 95% 2.6-25.1). The arterial hypertension persisted as a risk factor for the incidence of signs (OR = 3.6, CI 95% 1.2-11.3). Fasting glucose below 75 mg/dL increased the risk of hypoglycemia during the test (OR = 9.5, CI 95% 2.6-35.1). Conclusion: In this study, high incidence of adverse effects during the OGTT was observed in post-bariatric surgery patients. If these results are confirmed by further studies, the indication and regulation of the OGTT procedure must be reviewed for these patients. © AE&M. All rights reserved.
Peptidome profiling of umbilical cord plasma associated with gestational diabetes-induced fetal macrosomia; Fetal macrosomia, defined as a birth weight ≥. 4000 g, may affect 15-45% of newborns of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The associations between endogenous peptides and gestational diabetes-induced macrosomia have not been investigated extensively by peptidome analysis. Here, we analyzed the umbilical cord plasma by combining ultrafiltration using molecular weight cut-off filters and liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) to investigate potential associations of GDM with macrosomia. As macrosomic babies have increased susceptibility to obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in later life, we also aimed to identify specific biomarkers to detect these future diseases. Thirty pairs of GDM mothers and controls were randomly divided into three subgroups. We identified 235 peptides of around 1000-3000 Da, originating from 115 proteins. Analyzing the cleavage sites revealed that these peptides were cleaved in regulation, which may reflect the protease activity and distribution in umbilical cord plasma. Four identified peptides, of 2471.7, 1077.2, 1446.5 and 2372.7 Da, were significantly differentially expressed in the GDM macrosomia groups compared with controls, whose precursors may play a critical role in developing GDM macrosomia. We provide for the first time a validated GDM macrosomia peptidome profile and identify potential biomarkers linking the effects of macrosomia to later-life diseases. Biological significance: Fetal macrosomia is the predominant adverse outcome of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is a frequent medical condition during pregnancy. Till now, the detailed molecular mechanisms underlying gestational diabetes-induced macrosomia are still not elucidated. With high detection sensitivity and high throughput of peptidome technology, it is now possible to systemically identify peptides possibly involved in the umbilical cord plasma of GDM induced macrosomia cases. With LC-MS/MS based quantification, totally, we identified 235 peptides originated from 115 precursor proteins. And four peptides of 2471.7, 1077.2, 1446.5 and 2372.7 Da differentially expressed between GDM cases and compared controls. A precursor protein of 1077.2 Da was fibrinogen alpha chain (FGA), which was also identified in the Ai et al. [29] study with a downregulated manner in the serum samples of GDM cases. And further analysis the cleavage pattern of the identified peptides revealed that the enzymes in tissues cleaved the protein according to their rules. Thus, this quantitative peptidome approach can identify related peptides that may play a role in the gestational diabetes-induced macrosomia, and give candidate biomarkers contributing to the development of later-life diseases in macrosomic babies. © 2016 Elsevier B.V.
Review of gestational diabetes mellitus effects on vascular structure and function; Vascular dysfunction has been described in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. Furthermore, previous gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of developing Type 2 diabetes mellitus, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Factors contributing to vascular changes remain uncertain. The aim of this review was to summarize vascular structure and function changes found to occur in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and to identify factors that contribute to vascular dysfunction. A systematic search of electronic databases yielded 15 publications from 1998 to March 2014 that met the inclusion criteria. Our review confirmed that previous gestational diabetes mellitus contributes to vascular dysfunction, and the most consistent risk factor associated with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and vascular dysfunction was elevated body mass index. Heterogeneity existed across studies in determining the relationship of glycaemic levels and insulin resistance to vascular dysfunction. © The Author(s) 2016.
Mothers after Gestational Diabetes in Australia (MAGDA): A Randomised Controlled Trial of a Postnatal Diabetes Prevention Program; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an increasingly prevalent risk factor for type 2 diabetes. We evaluated the effectiveness of a group-based lifestyle modification program in mothers with prior GDM within their first postnatal year. Methods and Findings: In this study, 573 women were randomised to either the intervention (n = 284) or usual care (n = 289). At baseline, 10% had impaired glucose tolerance and 2% impaired fasting glucose. The diabetes prevention intervention comprised one individual session, five group sessions, and two telephone sessions. Primary outcomes were changes in diabetes risk factors (weight, waist circumference, and fasting blood glucose), and secondary outcomes included achievement of lifestyle modification goals and changes in depression score and cardiovascular disease risk factors. The mean changes (intention-to-treat [ITT] analysis) over 12 mo were as follows: −0.23 kg body weight in intervention group (95% CI −0.89, 0.43) compared with +0.72 kg in usual care group (95% CI 0.09, 1.35) (change difference −0.95 kg, 95% CI −1.87, −0.04; group by treatment interaction p = 0.04); −2.24 cm waist measurement in intervention group (95% CI −3.01, −1.42) compared with −1.74 cm in usual care group (95% CI −2.52, −0.96) (change difference −0.50 cm, 95% CI −1.63, 0.63; group by treatment interaction p = 0.389); and +0.18 mmol/l fasting blood glucose in intervention group (95% CI 0.11, 0.24) compared with +0.22 mmol/l in usual care group (95% CI 0.16, 0.29) (change difference −0.05 mmol/l, 95% CI −0.14, 0.05; group by treatment interaction p = 0.331). Only 10% of women attended all sessions, 53% attended one individual and at least one group session, and 34% attended no sessions. Loss to follow-up was 27% and 21% for the intervention and control groups, respectively, primarily due to subsequent pregnancies. Study limitations include low exposure to the full intervention and glucose metabolism profiles being near normal at baseline. Conclusions: Although a 1-kg weight difference has the potential to be significant for reducing diabetes risk, the level of engagement during the first postnatal year was low. Further research is needed to improve engagement, including participant involvement in study design; it is potentially more effective to implement annual diabetes screening until women develop prediabetes before offering an intervention. Trial Registration: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12610000338066 © 2016 O’Reilly et al.
Polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects 5-20% of women of reproductive age worldwide. The condition is characterized by hyperandrogenism, ovulatory dysfunction and polycystic ovarian morphology (PCOM)-with excessive androgen production by the ovaries being a key feature of PCOS. Metabolic dysfunction characterized by insulin resistance and compensatory hyperinsulinaemia is evident in the vast majority of affected individuals. PCOS increases the risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes and other pregnancy-related complications, venous thromboembolism, cerebrovascular and cardiovascular events and endometrial cancer. PCOS is a diagnosis of exclusion, based primarily on the presence of hyperandrogenism, ovulatory dysfunction and PCOM. Treatment should be tailored to the complaints and needs of the patient and involves targeting metabolic abnormalities through lifestyle changes, medication and potentially surgery for the prevention and management of excess weight, androgen suppression and/or blockade, endometrial protection, reproductive therapy and the detection and treatment of psychological features. This Primer summarizes the current state of knowledge regarding the epidemiology, mechanisms and pathophysiology, diagnosis, screening and prevention, management and future investigational directions of the disorder. © 2016 Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature. All rights reserved.
The impact of macronutrients on retinal microvasculature among Singapore pregnant women during the mid-late gestation; Background Imbalanced macronutrient intakes can induce impairment of endothelial and vascular function, and further lead to metabolic and cardiovascular disease. However, little is known about the influence of such diets on endothelial and vascular dysfunction in pregnant women, even though high-fat diet is a known risk for pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. Objective We aimed to assess the association between maternal macronutrient intakes (protein, fat and carbohydrates), dietary quality and retinal microvascular changes in a multi-ethnic Asian mother-offspring cohort. Methods Pregnant women (n = 614) with singleton pregnancies were recruited during their first trimester from June 2009 to Sep 2010. Maternal diet quality and macronutrient intakes, expressed as a percentage of total energy during pregnancy, were ascertained using 24 hr recalls and 3 d food diaries at 26-28 weeks gestation. Retinal examination was completed at the same clinic visit. Dietary quality was assessed and scored using the Health Eating Index in Asian Pregnant women (HEI-AP), while macronutrients intakes ware expressed as percentages of total energy and further log transformed for analysis. Associations were examined cross-sectionally by substitution models with the use of multiple linear regression. Results In adjusted model, each 20 points decrease in HEI-AP score was associated with a significant increase of 1.70 μm(p<0.05) in retinal venular calibre. Each 0.1 log increase in percentage of total fat intake was associated with a significant increment of 1.84 μm(p<0.05) in retinal venular caliber. Additionally, each 0.1 log increase in percentage of mono-unsaturated fat intake was associated with an increment of 1.84 μm(p<0.01) in retinal venular caliber. Conclusions In this cross-sectional study, we found that women with higher fat and lower protein intakes, and lower diet quality tended to have wider retinal venular caliber, which is suggestive of suboptimal microvasculature. © 2016 Li et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Pregestational body mass index, gestational weight gain, and risks for adverse pregnancy outcomes among Taiwanese women: A retrospective cohort study; Objective: To investigate the associations between maternal pregestational body mass index (BMI), gestational weight gain (GWG), and adverse pregnancy outcomes among Taiwanese women. Materials and Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted among all singletons without fetal anomalies delivered to women at Taipei Chang Gung Memorial Hospital between 2009 and 2015. Two study cohorts were selected for analysis: all deliveries after 24 0/7 weeks of gestation (Cohort 1, n = 12,064) and all live births after 37 0/7 weeks of gestation excluding maternal overt diabetes mellitus and chronic hypertension (Cohort 2, n = 10,973). The associations between pregestational BMI, GWG outside the 2009 Institute of Medicine (IOM) guidelines, and adverse pregnancy outcomes were assessed using multivariable logistic regression analysis. Results: In Cohort 1, the prevalence of pregestational underweight, normal weight, overweight, and obesity was 14.0%, 74.8%, 9.0%, and 2.2%, respectively. Compared with the women with normal weight, maternal underweight was associated with increased risk for placental abruption, small-for-gestational age, and low birth weight (<2500 g). In contrast, overweight and obese women were at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, dysfunctional labor, cephalopelvic disproportion, large-for-gestational age, and macrosomia (>4000 g). In Cohort 2, GWG below the IOM guidelines were associated with higher rates of gestational diabetes mellitus, small-for-gestational age, and low birth weight, while GWG above the IOM guidelines were with higher rates of primary cesarean delivery, large-for-gestational age, and macrosomia in women with pregestational underweight or normal weight. Normal weight women were more likely to have placental abruption with GWG below the guidelines and to have preeclampsia with GWG above the guidelines. For overweight and obese women, GWG below the guidelines was associated with a higher rate of gestational diabetes mellitus, but GWG above the guidelines was associated with a higher rate of macrosomia. Conclusions: Women with abnormal pregestational BMI are at risk for adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Moreover, GWG has a differential effect on the rates of adverse pregnancy outcomes between women of different pregestational BMI categories. © 2016
Renal function during pregnancy may predict risk of future hospitalization due to atherosclerotic-related morbidity; Aim This study aims to examine whether renal function during pregnancy can serve as a surrogate marker for the risk of developing atherosclerotic-related morbidity. Methods A case-control study, including women who gave birth at a tertiary referral medical centre during 2000-2012. This population was divided into cases of women who were subsequently hospitalized for atherosclerotic morbidity during the study period and age-matched controls. From the study population, we retrieved two groups: the creatinine (Cr) group: women who had at least one Cr measurement (4945 women) and the urea group: women who had at least one urea measurement (4932 women) during their pregnancies. In the Cr and urea group, there were 572 and 571 cases and 4373 and 4361 controls, respectively. The mean follow-up period in the Cr and urea group was 61.7 ± 37.0 and 57.3 ± 36.0 months, respectively. Cox proportional hazards models (controlling for confounders: gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, obesity, maternal age, creatinine level (for urea), and gestational week) were used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for hospitalizations. Results A significant association was documented between renal function during pregnancy and long-term atherosclerotic morbidity. Multivariate analysis, showed that Cr at pregnancy index of ≥89 μmol/L was associated with a significant increased risk for hospitalization due to cardiovascular (CVS) events (adjusted HR = 2.91 CI 1.37-6.19 P = 0.005) and urea level ≤7 mmol/L was independently associated with reduced prevalence of CVS hospitalization (adjusted HR = 0.62 CI 0.57-0.86 P = 0.001). Conclusion Renal function abnormality during pregnancy may reveal occult predisposition to atherosclerotic morbidity years after childbirth. © 2015 Asian Pacific Society of Nephrology.
Pharmacotherapeutic aspects of drug transporters in the placenta; Drug treatment during pregnancy is often inevitable. The number of pregnant women in need of pharmacotherapy continues to grow, partly due to advanced diagnostic tests and partly due to advanced maternal age. Obviously, knowledge about the function of drug transporters in the placenta allows for a more accurate analysis of drug penetration (and other xenobiotics) through the placental barrier, and therefore safer pharmacotherapy. The paper provides information on the role of drug transporters in the pharmacotherapy of pregnancy-associated pathologies which require long-term treatment, e.g. cardiac arrhythmias, gestational diabetes, epilepsy, HIV infection, preeclampsia, and conditions which require the use of glucocorticoids.
Prenatal clinical assessment of NT-proBNP as a diagnostic tool for preeclampsia, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus; Common complications of pregnancy include preeclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GH) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Hypertensive disorders (PE/GH) and GDM may result in greater maternal, fetal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. Women with PE/GH, one of the most common causes of heart burden in an obstetrical setting, present with elevated serum levels of BNP and NT-proBNP. The aim of this study was to shed more light on the role of NT-proBNP in pathophysiology of PE, GH and GDM. The study included 156 pregnant women with singleton pregnancies. A total of 26 women developed arterial hypertension during pregnancy, 14 were diagnosed with PE, and GDM was detected in 81 patients. The control group included 35 women with uncomplicated pregnancies, normal arterial blood pressure and normal glucose concentrations. Patients with GH presented with significantly higher serum concentrations of NT-proBNPthan normotensive women (65.5 vs. 37.4 pg/ml; p = 0.0136). Serum levels of NT-proBNP in patients with PE were the highest of all the analyzed subsets, being significantly higher than in women without this condition (89.00 vs. 37.4pg/ml,p = 0,0136). However, women with and without GDM did not differ significantly in terms of their serum NT-proBNPconcentrations. Serum NT-proBNP (pg/ml) (p = 0.0001) and BMI (p<0.0001) turned out to be independent predictors of GH on multivariate logistic regression analysis.Moreover, serum NT-proBNP (pg/ml) was identified as an independent indicator of PE (p = 0.0016). A significant inverse correlation was found between birth weight and maternal serum NT-proBNP concentrations. In our opinion, NT-proBNP can be a useful clinical marker of GH and PE. Determination of NT-proBNP levels may be helpful in identification of patients with PE and GH and in their qualification for intensive treatment; this in turn, may be reflected by better neonatal outcomes. ï¿½ 2016 Sadlecki et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Pregnancy Reveals Evolving Risk for Cardiometabolic Disease in Women; Pregnancy serves as a cardiometabolic stressor that may unmask underlying metabolic and vascular abnormalities in an evolving continuum of pathophysiology. In 2011, the American Heart Association indicated that a diagnosis of pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension, or gestational diabetes classified a woman as at risk for cardiovascular disease. In this article, we discuss hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth as risk factors for future cardiovascular disease in women. © 2016 AWHONN, the Association of Women's Health, Obstetric and Neonatal Nurses
Maternal high-fat diet impairs cardiac function in offspring of diabetic pregnancy through metabolic stress and mitochondrial dysfunction; Offspring of diabetic pregnancies are at risk of cardiovascular disease at birth and throughout life, purportedly through fuel-mediated influences on the developing heart. Preventative measures focus on glycemic control, but the contribution of additional offenders, including lipids, is not understood. Cellular bioenergetics can be influenced by both diabetes and hyperlipidemia and play a pivotal role in the pathophysiology of adult cardiovascular disease. This study investigated whether a maternal high-fat diet, independently or additively with diabetes, could impair fuel metabolism, mitochondrial function, and cardiac physiology in the developing offspring's heart. Sprague-Dawley rats fed a control or high-fat diet were administered placebo or streptozotocin to induce diabetes during pregnancy and then delivered offspring from four groups: control, diabetes exposed, diet exposed, and combination exposed. Cardiac function, cellular bioenergetics (mitochondrial stress test, glycolytic stress test, and palmitate oxidation assay), lipid peroxidation, mitochondrial histology, and copy number were determined. Diabetes-exposed offspring had impaired glycolytic and respiratory capacity and a reduced proton leak. High-fat diet-exposed offspring had increased mitochondrial copy number, increased lipid peroxidation, and evidence of mitochondrial dysfunction. Combination-exposed pups were most severely affected and demonstrated cardiac lipid droplet accumulation and diastolic/systolic cardiac dysfunction that mimics that of adult diabetic cardiomyopathy. This study is the first to demonstrate that a maternal high-fat diet impairs cardiac function in offspring of diabetic pregnancies through metabolic stress and serves as a critical step in understanding the role of cellular bioenergetics in developmentally programmed cardiac disease. © 2016 the American Physiological Society.
Identifying Key Intervention Opportunities During a Pregnancy Complicated by Diabetes: a Review of Acute Complications of Diabetes During Pregnancy; Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with significant and sometimes devastating acute complications. It is important that all health care providers are aware of possible complications at each stage of pregnancy so that we can prevent these complications whenever possible and reduce morbidity when they do occur. Most complications associated with diabetes during pregnancy have reduced incidence when blood glucose and blood pressure are optimally controlled. Yet, it is always best to try to optimize diabetes and any comorbidities prior to conception. © 2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Evaluation of Referral Pattern for Fetal Echocardiography at a Tertiary Care Center in Northern India and Its Implications; Objective: To determine the referral pattern for fetal echocardiography (FE) at our tertiary referral center for pediatric cardiac care in northern India. We also aimed to determine the incidence of CHD in each group and intend to highlight the need of identifying the various risk factors and appropriate timely referral of patients for detailed evaluation. Methods: This is a prospective study including 201 consecutive patients referred for fetal echo to our center. Data collected included referral indication, gestational age, maternal age, the gravida, and the final diagnosis after detailed fetal echo. Various indications that were evaluated included maternal diabetes (pre-gestational or gestational), echogenic cardiac nodule, abnormal four chamber on ultrasound, other extra-cardiac abnormalities detected on ultrasound, and twin pregnancies or IVF conceptions. Some women had opted for fetal echo electively and they were defined as self referral. Results: The mean gestational age of referral was 24 ± 5 weeks. Out of these, 196 had specific referral indication while five were self referrals. The most common indication for referral was echogenic cardiac foci. CHD was diagnosed in 38 (19 %) patients. Indication that yielded the highest number of CHD cases was cardiac abnormality on USG. The mean gestational age at referral in those detected to have CHD was 27 ± 4 weeks. The commonest CHD detected was tiny VSD, while most of the complex CHD’s were diagnosed in those referred for cardiac abnormality on USG. Conclusion: CHD detection is highest in those referred for abnormal cardiac imaging on USG, and hence a careful assessment of fetal heart during routine prenatal screening would increase the CHD detection markedly. Nuchal translucency needs to be measured accurately and those with value greater that 99th centile should be referred for FE. Mothers with pre-gestational diabetes should have a FE prior to 20 weeks to rule out CHD. A FE scan in third trimester is indicated in diabetic females (gestational and pre-gestational) if the glycemic control is poor evidenced by HbA1c > 6 %. Timely referral is absolutely essential so that appropriate counseling of the parents can be done. © 2016, Federation of Obstetric & Gynecological Societies of India.
Maternal Tdap vaccination: Coverage and acute safety outcomes in the vaccine safety datalink, 2007-2013; Introduction: Since October 2012, the combined tetanus toxoid, reduced diphtheria toxoid, acellular pertussis vaccine (Tdap) has been recommended in the United States during every pregnancy. Methods: In this observational study from the Vaccine Safety Datalink, we describe receipt of Tdap during pregnancy among insured women with live births across seven health systems. Using a retrospective matched cohort, we evaluated risks for selected medically attended adverse events in pregnant women, occurring within 42 days of vaccination. Using a generalized estimating equation, we calculated adjusted incident rate ratios (AIRR). Results: Our vaccine coverage cohort included 438,487 live births between January 1, 2007 and November 15, 2013. Across the coverage cohort, 14% received Tdap during pregnancy. By 2013, Tdap was administered during pregnancy in 41.7% of live births, primarily in the 3rd trimester. Our vaccine safety cohort included 53,885 vaccinated and 109,253 matched unvaccinated pregnant women. There was no increased risk for a composite outcome of medically attended acute adverse events within 3 days of vaccination. Similarly, across the safety cohort, over a 42 day window, incident neurologic events, thrombotic events, and new onset proteinuria did not differ by maternal receipt of Tdap. Among women receiving Tdap at 20 weeks gestation or later, as compared to their matched controls, there was no increased risk for gestational diabetes or cardiac events while venous thromboembolic events and thrombocytopenia were diagnosed within 42 days of vaccination at slightly decreased rates. Conclusion: Tdap coverage during pregnancy increased from 2007 through 2013, but was still below 50%. No acute maternal safety signals were detected in this large cohort. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd.
Clustering of metabolic risk factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes: a prospective cohort study; Background: The relative contributions of a cluster of metabolic risk factors to pregnancy complications are not fully understood. We investigated the correlation between clustering of metabolic risk factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Methods: This prospective cohort study was performed on pregnant women who sought health care during their whole gestation in a women's and children's hospital. The pregnancy outcomes were also followed. Pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity, as well as pregnancy high triglycerides, low high-density lipoprotein–cholesterol, hyperglycemia and raised blood pressure were defined as metabolic risk factors. Adverse pregnancy outcomes included preterm delivery, small/large for gestational age, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, neonatal asphyxia and foetal demise. Stratified analyses were conducted on a total of 5535 women according to classification in each metabolic risk factor. The adjusted odds ratio (OR) for adverse pregnancy outcomes according to the number of clustering metabolic factors was calculated using the logistic regression analysis. Results: The number of metabolic risk factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes were positively correlated (Ptrend < 0.001). Compared with women without a metabolic risk factor, women with one metabolic risk factor had a risk (OR = 1.67 95%CI 1.42–1.96) of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Women with a cluster of two metabolic risk factors tended to develop more adverse pregnancy outcomes (OR = 3.32 95% CI 2.69–4.10), and the risk was much higher in women with a cluster of three or more metabolic risk factors (OR = 10.40 95%CI 7.37–14.69). Conclusions: Pregnant women with a cluster of metabolic risk factors are more likely to have adverse pregnancy outcomes. Copyright © 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. Copyright © 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Birth outcomes by infertility treatment: Analyses of the population-based cohort: Massachusetts outcomes study of assisted reproductive technologies (MOSART); OBJECTIVE: To evaluate pregnancy and birth outcomes by type of infertility treatment received. STUDY DESIGN: Assisted reproductive technology (ART) data on women who were both treated and gave birth in Massachusetts were linked to vital records and hospital data. Singleton and twin live births were categorized by ART treatment parameters. Risks for adverse outcomes (pregnancyinduced hypertension [PIH], gestational diabetes [GDM], primary cesarean [CS], prematurity [PTB], low birthweight [LBW], small for gestational age [SGA], large for gestational age [LGA], and birth defects [BD]) were modeled using logistic regression (adjusted odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals), adjusted for parental and treatment factors. GDM and PIH were additionally modeled as adverse outcomes. RESULTS: Among the 8,948 pregnancies, risks were significantly higher among twins (PIH 2.58, GDM 1.30, CS 5.83, PTB 11.84, LBW 10.68, SGA 2.17, BD 2.54), donor oocytes (PIH 1.87, CS 1.43, PTB 1.43), ICSI (SGA 1.20), and the presence of > 1 fetal heartbeat at 6 weeks’ gestation (2 fetal heartbeats: PTB 1.49, LBW 1.57; 3 fetal heartbeats: PTB 2.07, LBW 2.30, SGA 2.04). Thawed embryos were associated with a higher risk for PIH (1.30) but lower risks for LBW (0.79) and SGA (0.38). GDM was associated with increased risks for CS (1.22), LGA (1.40), and BD (1.50); PIH was associated with risks for CS (1.86), PTB (2.70), and LBW (1.83). CONCLUSION: Plurality is the predominant ART treatment risk factor associated with substantial excess morbidity for both mother and infants. © Journal of Reproductive Medicine®, Inc..
Clinical implications of polycystic ovary syndrome; UNLABELLED: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a heterogeneous and complex endocrine disease which among the female population belongs to the most widespread endocrinopathies and it is the most frequent cause of hyperthyroidism, anticoagulation and infertility. Insulin resistance is one of the important diabetology factors impacting hyperglycaemia in a majority of women with PCOS (60-80 %). Clinical expressions of PCOS include reproduction disorders, metabolic characteristics and psychological implications. Reproduction disorders include hyperthyroidism, menstruation cycle disorders, infertility and pregnancy complications as well as early abortions, gestational diabetes and pregnancy induced hypertension. Long-term metabolic risks of PCOS include type 2 diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, arterial hypertension and endothelial dysfunction. The available data confirms higher incidence of cardiovascular diseases in women with PCOS. In particular among obese women PCOS is more frequently associated with non-alcoholic hepatic steatosis, sleep apnoea syndrome and endometrial cancer. The literature includes some controversial data about the relationship between PCOS and autoimmunity. Women with PCOS are more prone to suffer from insufficient confidence with higher incidence of anxiety, depression, bipolar disorder and eating disorders.; KEY WORDS: autoimmunity - diabetes mellitus - pregnancy - insulin resistance - metabolic syndrome - menstrual disorders - polycystic ovary syndrome.
Polycystic ovary syndrome in type 2 diabetes: does it predict a more severe phenotype?; Objective To examine the prevalence of a history of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in women with type 2 diabetes (DM2) and to compare metabolic and reproductive outcomes between women with and without PCOS. Design Cross-sectional study. Setting Tertiary hospital. Patient(s) Female inpatients age 18–75 years with DM2. Intervention(s) A face-to-face questionnaire was administered. Main Outcome Measure(s) Age at diagnosis of diabetes, history of gestational diabetes, family history of diabetes, and reproductive history, fertility history, number of miscarriages, and morbidity in pregnancy. Result(s) One hundred seventy-one inpatients with DM2 participated. The prevalence of a history of PCOS was 37%. Women with PCOS had an earlier mean age of diagnosis of DM2 (44.2 vs. 48.8 years), higher recalled peak body mass index (BMI; 43.1 kg/m2 vs. 36.8 kg/m2), higher rate of gestational diabetes (28% vs. 18%), and higher rate of hypertension in pregnancy (40% vs. 22%). Women with PCOS were less likely to have a family history of DM2 than those without PCOS (45% vs. 67%). Conclusion(s) A history of PCOS in women with DM2 is associated with earlier onset of DM2, higher BMI, and a more severe phenotype. Since PCOS subjects were less likely to have a family history of DM2, lack of a family history of DM2 in women with PCOS is not reassuring for DM2 risk. We recommend identifying PCOS in early life and intervening to reduce the risk of diabetes and its comorbidities and suboptimal reproductive outcomes. © 2016
Incretins, pregnancy, and gestational diabetes; The number of pregnant women affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing among Caucasians, and East Asians. GDM also increases the risk for later advent of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), obesity, and cardiovascular disease in both women and their offspring. The underlying mechanism of GDM is not fully elucidated. Incretins such as glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP), have been suggested to have a role in maternal metabolism and weight as well as fetal growth. These hormones might be implicated in mechanisms that compensate for the increment in glycemia and insulin resistance seen during pregnancy, while other factors, such as heredity, environment and lifestyle, but also different race/ethnic background might also lead to the comorbid health problems. Some studies indicate that pregnancy is associated with a diminished GLP-1 response which is more prominently evident in women with GDM and normalizes after delivery. Postprandial GIP level seems to be unaffected by pregnancy, despite its increased level in GDM. On the other hand, the reduced incretin effect observed in GDM may represent a risk factor for obesity, T2DM and metabolic disorders even in the offspring of these women. Further investigations are needed to establish the exact role of incretins in pregnancy and gestational glucose intolerance. © 2016 Bentham Science Publishers.
Association between social capital and the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus: An interim report of the Japan Environment and Children's Study; Background Social capital is generally defined as the quality and frequency of social interactions with relatives, neighbors, and society. Social capital refers to broad concepts of social interactions and structures in individuals, communities and societies such as trust (e.g., neighborhood trust, which is social cohesion with neighbors) and social support (e.g., emotional support, which is the level of the feeling of being loved). Studies during the last few decades have shown that there is a significant inverse association between social capital and the prevalences of diseases such as depression and acute coronary syndrome. Significant inverse associations between trust, social support and the prevalence of diabetes have also been shown. However, associations between social capital and the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are less clear. Methods We used the primary dataset of the Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS), including 10,228 mothers with recorded obstetric outcomes from January to December 2011. In this study, we included 8874 the 10,228 participants. Diagnosis of GDM was determined using the criteria of the Japan Diabetes Society (JDS). The quality and quantity of social capital were measured with nine questions on a self-administered questionnaire during the second or third trimester. Using principal component analysis (PCA), we distinguished the following three components (indices) of social capital: (A) index of all nine questions about social capital, (B) index of emotional support and neighborhood trust and (C) index of generalized trust. The high factor loading variants of indices were as follows; (A) all nine variants, (B) five variants about emotional support and neighborhood trust and (C) two variants about generalized trust. Multivariate random effect modeling was used to calculate the odd ratios (ORs) for evaluating the association between these indices of social capital and the prevalence of GDM. This model was adjusted for baseline characteristics such as family income, BMI before pregnancy and smoking during pregnancy. Results Of the 8874 participants, 204 women developed GDM (2.30%). Multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that index B, the index of emotional support and neighborhood trust (adjusted OR: 0.651, 95% CI: 0.429, 0.987) was significantly and independently associated with the prevalence of GDM. Conclusions We found that the 5-question index of emotional support and neighborhood trust is significantly associated with the prevalence of GDM during pregnancy. © 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd
Evaluation of the regional ventricular systolic function by two-dimensional strain echocardiography in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) fetuses with good glycemic control; Objective: The aim is to quantitatively assess regional ventricular systolic function by two-dimensional strain (2DS) echocardiography in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) fetuses with good glycemic control.Methods: We studied 60 consecutive normal fetuses and 35 fetuses of GDM mothers with good glycemic control by echocardiography. M-mode and two-dimensional echocardiography were used to measure ejection fraction and wall dimensions of left ventricle and right ventricle. Both left and right ventricle peak systolic myocardial strain values were obtained by 2DS echocardiography.Results: Compared with normal fetuses, the thickness of the interventricular septum (IVS) and the thickness of right ventricular wall were significantly increased in GDM fetuses (p < 0.05). Compared with those of normal fetuses, the peak systolic myocardial strain decreased significantly in the apical segments of the IVS and the apical segments of the left ventricular lateral wall in GDM fetuses (p < 0.05), as well as the apical and middle segments of right ventricular wall in GDM fetuses (p < 0.05). Peak negative 2DS values in 60 normal fetuses increased with the gestational age, showing a significant linear correlation(r = -0.625, p < 0.001). The average ventricular strain was not correlated to ventricular wall thickness (r = 0.127, p = 0.394).Conclusions: 2DS is a feasible approach to assess regional ventricular systolic function in the fetal hearts and it can be used to examine cardiac systolic function in GDM fetuses with good glycemic control. © 2014 Informa UK Ltd.
Effect of various doses of vitamin D supplementation on pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A randomized controlled trial; It has previously been reported that the influence of vitamin D on the metabolism of calcium and phosphorus is associated with diabetes, cardiovascular disease, Alzheimer's disease, cancer and other systemic diseases, and is considered an important indicator of general health. The present study was conducted to determine the effect of various doses of vitamin D supplementation on glucose metabolism, lipid concentrations, inflammation and the levels of oxidative stress of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The present randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial was conducted on 133 pregnant women with GDM during weeks 24-28 of pregnancy. The patients were randomly divided into four groups. The control group (n=20) received a placebo (sucrose; one granule/day), the low dosage group (n=38) received the daily recommended intake of 200 IU vitamin D (calciferol) daily, the medium dosage group (n=38) received 50,000 IU monthly (2,000 IU daily for 25 days) and the high dosage group (n=37) received 50,000 IU every 2 weeks (4,000 IU daily for 12.5 days). The general characteristics and dietary intakes of the patients with GDM were similar between each group. Using ELISA kits, it was determined that insulin, homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance and total cholesterol were significantly reduced by high dosage vitamin D supplementation (P<0.05). Total antioxidant capacity and total glutathione levels were significantly elevated as a result of high dosage vitamin D supplementation (P<0.01). In conclusion, high-dose vitamin D supplementation (50,000 IU every 2 weeks) significantly improved insulin resistance in pregnant women with GDM. © 2016, Spandidos Publications. All rights reserved.
Association of comorbid and metabolic factors with optimal control of type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a poorly controlled epidemic worldwide that demands active research into mitigation of the factors that are associated with poor control. Aims: The study was to determine the factors associated with suboptimal glycemic control. Materials and Methods: Electronic medical records of 263 adult patients with T2DM in our suburban internal medicine office were reviewed. Patients were divided into two groups: Group 1 [optimal diabetes control with glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) of 7% or less] and Group 2 (suboptimal diabetes control with HbA1c greater than 7%). The influence of factors such as age, gender, race, social history, comorbid conditions, gestational diabetes, family history of diabetes, diabetes management, statin use, aspirin use, angiotensin convertase enzyme inhibitor (ACE-I) or angiotensin receptor blocker (ARB) use, body mass index (BMI), blood pressures, lipid profile, and urine microalbumin level were analyzed in the two groups. Results: In the suboptimal diabetes control group (N = 119), the majority (86.6%) of the patients were 41-80 years old. Factors associated with the suboptimal control were male gender [odds ratio (OR) 2.6, 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.579-4.321], Asian ethnicity (OR 1.4, 95% CI, 0.683-3.008), history of peripheral arterial disease (PAD; OR 3.9, 95% CI, 1.017-14.543), history of congestive heart failure (CHF; OR 3.9, 95% CI, 1.017-14.543), elevated triglycerides (OR 1.004, 95% CI, 1.000-1.007), and elevated urine microalbumin level of 30 mg/24 h or above (OR 4.5, 95% CI, 2.446-8.380). Patients with suboptimal diabetes control had a 3.8 times greater odds (95% CI, 1.493-6.885) of receiving the insulin and oral hypoglycemic agent together. Conclusions: In adult patients with T2DM, male gender, Asian ethnicity, CHF, PAD, management with insulin along with oral hypoglycemic agents, hypertriglyceridemia, and microalbuminuria were associated with suboptimal control. © 2016 North American Journal of Medical Sciences.
Discordance between lipid markers used for predicting cardiovascular risk in patients with type 2 diabetes; Aims Non-high density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) is gaining importance over low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) as cardiovascular risk marker in patients with type 2 diabetes. It represents the overall lipid burden and is a surrogate marker for the apolipoprotein B. We studied the discordance between the old (LDL-C) and the new (non-HDL-C) lipid markers in a large group of diabetes patients. Methods The lipid profile data of all diabetes (T2DM, aged 18–75, using oral or injectable anti diabetic agents) patients was analyzed in this study. We excluded patients with type1 diabetes, secondary forms of diabetes and gestational diabetes. Elevated lipid parameters (LDL > 100 mg/dL and non HDL-C > 130 mg/dL) were defined as per the guidelines of Adult Treatment Panel III. Results The study participants (409 M:360 F) had a mean age of 47.3 ± 12.4 years, BMI of 28.4 ± 5.6 kg/m2 and an A1c of 8.8 ± 2.2%. Elevated LDL-C was observed in 383 patients (49.8%) and elevated non HDL-C in 418 (54.4%) patients. Of the 383 patients with elevated LDL-C, 346 (90.3%) had corresponding elevated levels of non-HDL-C and out of 418 patients with elevated non HDL-C, 346 (83%) had elevated LDL-C. Discordance between the elevated LDL-C and non-HDL-C values were greater among patients with low triglyceride levels when compared with those with high triglycerides (Pearson's χ2 test = 67.7; P < 0.001). Conclusion Our data suggest a significant discordance between the LDL-C and non-HDL-C in patients with diabetes. This discordance leads to the residual cardiovascular risk in diabetes patients. © 2015 Diabetes India
Analysis of risk factors for adverse perinatal outcomes in women with pancytopenia; OBJECTIVE: To explore the pregnancy outcomes of women with pancytopenia and the risk factors for the adverse perinatal outcomes.; METHODS: A total of 106 pregnant women with pancytopenia were admitted to Peking University People's Hospital from Jan. 2005 to Sep. 2014. The clinical data and the pregnancy outcomes were reviewed retrospectively to investigate the risk factors for the adverse perinatal outcomes.; RESULTS: (1 ) Eighty-four patients were found pancytopenia before pregnancy while 22 were found for the first time during pregnancy. Sixty-four patients were diagnosed as aplastic anemia; 30 as myelodysplastic syndrome; 2 as paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria; 4 as hypersplenism, and 1 as anti-phospholipid syndrome. Diagnoses of the remaining 5 patients were uncertain. (2) Sixty-nine patients received at least one time blood transfusion before delivery. (3) As for the complications, nine women developed gestational diabetes; twenty-two suffered severe preeclampsia (SPE); two were diagnosed as anemic heart disease and three experienced respiratory tract infection. The postpartum blood loss ranged from 50 ml to 3 800 ml, with the median of 400 ml. And six women had the blood loss more than 1 000 ml. The gestational age at delivery ranged from 24 weeks to 40 weeks, with the median of 37.0 weeks. (4) Thirty-one patients suffered adverse perinatal outcomes, including 3 cases of intrauterine death, 4 therapeutic labor induction before 28 gestational weeks, 6 premature delivery before 34 weeks. There were 2 neonates complicated with intracranial hemorrhage, 2 with neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, 3 with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy, 2 with severe asphyxia and death, and 14 with small for gestational age. Among the patients with adverse perinatal outcomes, 26 women received blood transfusion during pregnancy and 17 developed SPE. The maximum and the minimum value of their white cell count (WBC), hemoglobin concentration (Hb) and blood platelet count (BPC) were (4.9±1.4)×10(9)/L, (2.9±0.8)×10(9)/L, (88.6±14.9) g/L, (57.9±14.5) g/L, (47.7±27.4)×10(9)/L and (11.9±12.3)×10(9)/L, respectively. For those patients without adverse perinatal outcomes, 43 received blood transfusion during pregnancy and 5 developed SPE. The maximum and the minimum value of their WBC, Hb and BPC were (5.2±1.5)×10(9)/L, (3.2±0.9)×10(9)/L, (101.4±16.2) g/L, (71.9 ± 14.5) g/L, (52.3 ± 24.0) × 10(9)/L and (19.0±12.1) × 10(9)/L, respectively. The multivariate regression analyses indicated that SPE, Hb less than 70 g/L and BPC less than 20×10(9)/L were the independent risk factors for the poor perinatal outcomes in pregnant women with pancytopenia (P<0.05).; CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of adverse perinatal complications increased dramatically in pregnant women with pancytopenia. Concurrent SPE, minimum Hb less than 70 g/L and minimum BPC less than 20 × 10(9)/L may be the independent risk factors for the adverse perinatal outcomes.
Association of gestational diabetes mellitus with left ventricular structure and function: The CARDIA study; OBJECTIVE Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predicts incident cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, mechanisms linking GDM to CVD beyond intervening incident diabetes are not well understood. We examined the relation of GDM with echocardiographic parameters of left ventricular (LV) structure and function, which are important predictors of future CVD risk. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We studied 609 women (43% black) from the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study who delivered one or more births during followup and had echocardiograms in 1990-1991 (mean age 28.8 years) and 2010- 2011. RESULTS During the 20-year follow-up, 965 births were reported, with GDM developing in 64 women (10.5%). In linear regression models adjusted for sociodemographic factors, BMI, physical activity, parity, smoking, use of oral contraceptives, alcohol intake, family history of coronary heart disease, systolic blood pressure, and lipid levels, women with GDM had impaired longitudinal peak strain (215.0 vs. 215.7%, P = 0.025), circumferential peak strain (214.8 vs. 215.6%, P = 0.028), lateral e9 wave velocity (11.0 vs. 11.8 cm/s, P = 0.012), and septal e9 wave velocity (8.6 vs. 9.3 cm/s, P = 0.015) in 2010-2011 and a greater 20-year increase in LV mass indexed to body surface area (14.3 vs. 6.0 g/m 2, P = 0.006) compared with women with non-GDMpregnancies. Further adjustment for incident type 2 diabetes after pregnancy did not attenuate these associations. CONCLUSIONS Pregnancy complicated by GDM is independently associated with increased LV mass and impaired LV relaxation and systolic function. Implementation of postpartum cardiovascular health interventions in women with a history of GDMmay offer an additional opportunity to reduce future CVD risk. © 2016 by the American Diabetes Association.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Future Cardiovascular Risk: An Update; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus is increasing in parallel with the rising prevalence of type 2 diabetes and obesity around the world. Current evidence strongly suggests that women who have had gestational diabetes mellitus are at greater risk of cardiovascular disease later in life. Given the growing prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus, it is important to identify appropriate reliable markers of cardiovascular disease and specific treatment strategies capable of containing obesity, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome in order to reduce the burden of cardiovascular disease in the women affected. © 2016 S. Burlina et al.
Effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on cardiac contractile function of female offspring rats after ischemia/reperfusion and underlying mechanisms; Objective: To investigate the effects of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the cardiac function of female offspring rats and underlying mechanisms by the rat model. Methods: Wild type female SD rats were injected with streptozotocin (35 mg/kg) in the second trimester of pregnancy to establish the GDM model (GDM group). The control group was also established. Female F1 offspring rats were fed for 24 weeks after they were born. During this period, random blood glucose level, blood pressure, and heart rate were measured and glucose tolerance test and insulin tolerance test were conducted. The in vitro myocardial ischemia/reperfusion (I/R) model was established. The signaling pathways of protein kinase B (Akt), adenine monophosphate activated protein kinase (AMPK), and acetyl-coenzyme A carboxylase (ACC) in cardiac tissues were detected by Western blotting. Results: The in vitro cardiac contractile function of female F1 offspring of the GDM group after I/R was significantly weaker than that of the control group (P=0.048 6). The results of Western blotting showed that the phosphorylation of AMPK and ACC in cardiac tissues of female F1 offspring of the GDM group after in vitro I/R was significantly lower than that of the control group (P=0.005 6). Conclusion: GDM results in cardiac I/R intolerance of female offspring rats, which may be relevant to the blunt response to I/R stimulation caused by the phosphorylation of AMPK. © 2016, Editorial Department of Journal of Shanghai Second Medical University. All right reserved.
Inhibition of cardiomyogenesis in embryocarcinoma cells induced by long- Term high level of glucose; Background/Aims: Cardiac myocytes constitute the first differentiated cell type during mammalian heart formation with the ability to beat spontaneously and rhythmically. Hyperglycemia is a primary risk factor for cardiovascular disease in pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM). However, the impact that hyperglycemia has on cardiac progenitors or on precursors differentiation remains poorly understood. The aim of the present study is to investigate whether hyperglycemia affects cardiomyogenesis of embryocarcinoma cells. Methods: P19CL6 cells differentiation induced by 1% DMSO was evaluated under either normal glucose (5.6 mmol/L) or high level of glucose concentrations (20 mmol/L or 40 mmol/L). To investigate the effect of long-term high level of glucose on cardiomyocytes differentiation, sarcomeric α-actinin, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor coactivator-1 (PGC-1α), transcription factor GATA4 and Nkx2.5 were assessed by qRT-PCR analysis, western blot and immunofluorescence. Results: We observed that long-term high level of glucose markedly reduced P19CL6 cells differentiation into cardiomyocytes. The change in PGC-1α expression was consistent with changes in cardiac muscle myosin expression after exposure to 20 mmol/L or 40 mmol/L of glucose. On the other hand, the high level of glucose concentration profoundly decreased both GATA4 and Nkx2-5 expressions from day 6 to day 12 after differentiation, which was induced by 1% DMSO. Conclusion: Our results elucidate that the effect resulting from the long-term exposure of cardiac progenitors to high level of glucose is associated with decreased expression of GATA4 and Nkx2.5, providing a novel mechanism by which high glucose is able to affect cell differentiation. © 2016 The Author(s).
Maternal obesity in females born small: Pregnancy complications and offspring disease risk; Obesity is a major public health crisis, with 1.6 billion adults worldwide being classified as overweight or obese in 2014. Therefore, it is not surprising that the number of women who are overweight or obese at the time of conception is increasing. Obesity during pregnancy is associated with the development of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. The developmental origins of health and disease hypothesis proposes that perturbations during critical stages of development can result in adverse fetal changes that leads to an increased risk of developing diseases in adulthood. Of particular concern, children born to obese mothers are at a greater risk of developing cardiometabolic disease. One subset of the population who are predisposed to developing obesity are children born small for gestational age, which occurs in 10% of pregnancies worldwide. Epidemiological studies report that these growth-restricted children have an increased susceptibility to type 2 diabetes, obesity, and hypertension. Importantly during pregnancy, growth-restricted females have a higher risk of developing cardiometabolic disease, indicating that they may have an exacerbated phenotype if they are also overweight or obese. Thus, the development of early pregnancy interventions targeted to obese mothers may prevent their children from developing cardiometabolic disease in adulthood. © 2016 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.
Can slight glucose intolerance during pregnancy predict future maternal atherosclerotic morbidity?; Aim: o examine the association between glucose level during pregnancy and the subsequent development of long-term maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. Methods: A retrospective case–control study was conducted. The study included all women who had at least one glucose measurement during their pregnancies. Cases were all women who delivered between the years 2000–2012 and subsequently developed atherosclerotic morbidity (n = 815). Controls were randomly matched by age and year of delivery (n = 6065). The atherosclerotic morbidity group was further divided by severity: major events (cardiovascular, cerebrovascular disease, chronic renal failure), minor events (hypertension, diabetes mellitus and hyperlipidaemia without target organ damage or complications) and cardiac evaluation tests (such as coronary angiography without records of atherosclerosis, cardiac scan and stress test). The mean follow-up duration for the study group was 74 months. Cox proportional hazards model was used to control for confounders. Results: A significant linear association was found between glucose levels during pregnancy and long-term maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. Among the cases with severe atherosclerotic morbidity, the proportion of women with a high glucose level (> 5.5 mmol/l) was the highest, whereas in controls it was the lowest (P < 0.001). In a Cox proportional hazard model, adjusted for atherosclerotic confounders such as gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and obesity, a glucose level of > 5.5 mmol/l was noted as an independent risk factor for hospitalizations later in non-pregnant life (hazard ratio = 1.3, 95% confidence interval 1.1–1.5, P < 0.003). Conclusion: A high glucose level during pregnancy, even if within the range of slight glucose intolerance, may serve as a marker for future maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. Further long-term studies are needed to confirm our findings. © 2015 Diabetes UK
Risk Factors for Intracardiac Thrombosis in the Right Atrium and Superior Vena Cava in Critically Ill Neonates who Required the Installation of a Central Venous Catheter; Background Central venous catheter (CVC) installation is essential for the treatment of critically ill neonates; however, it is associated with the development of neonatal intracardiac thrombosis, which is a complication that is associated with a poor prognosis. We aimed to identify specific risk factors for the development of intracardiac thrombosis in the right atrium (RA) and superior vena cava (SVC) related to the use of CVC in critically ill neonates. Methods A case–control study was conducted at the tertiary referral neonatal intensive care unit of the Pediatric Hospital Siglo XXI in Mexico City, Mexico from 2008 to 2013. The included cases (n = 43) were de novo patients with intracardiac thrombosis in the RA and SVC diagnosed by echocardiography. The controls (n = 43) were neonates without intracardiac thrombosis or thrombosis at other sites. A logistic regression analysis was conducted, and odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were calculated. Results The independent risk factors for intracardiac thrombosis in the RA and SVC were the surgical cut-down insertion technique (OR = 2.98; 95% CI: 1.18–9.10), a maternal history of gestational diabetes/diabetes mellitus (OR = 10.64; 95% CI: 1.13–121.41), Staphylococcus epidermidis infection (OR = 7.09; 95% CI: 1.09–45.92), and CVC placement in the SVC (OR = 5.77; 95% CI: 1.10–30.18). Conclusion This study allowed us to identify several contributing factors to the development of intracardiac thrombosis in the RA and SVC related to the installation of a CVC in a subgroup of critically ill neonates. Multicenter and well-designed studies with a larger number of patients could help validate our findings and/or identify other risk factors that were not identified in the present study. © 2015
Mitochondrial function and glucose metabolism in the placenta with gestational diabetes mellitus: Role of miR-143; A predisposing factor for development of the hyperglycaemic state of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is obesity. We previously showed that increasing maternal obesity is associated with significant reductions in placental mitochondrial respiration. MicroRNA (miR)-143 has been previously shown to regulate the metabolic switch from oxidative phosphorylation to aerobic glycolysis in cancer tissues. We hypothesized that mitochondrial respiration is reduced and aerobic glycolysis is up-regulated via changes in miR-143 expression in the placenta of women with GDM. Placental tissue was collected at term from women with A1GDM (controlled by diet), A2GDM (controlled by medication) and body mass index (BMI)-matched controls (CTRL). miR-143 expression was measured by RT-PCR. Expression of mitochondrial complexes, transcription factors peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ co-activator 1α (PGC1α) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ (PPARγ ), components of mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signalling, glucose transporter GLUT1 and glycolytic enzymes [hexokinase-2 (HK-2), phosphofructokinase (PFK) and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH)] were measured by Western blot. Trophoblast respiration was measured by XF24 Analyser. Expression of miR-143, mitochondrial complexes, and PPARγ and PGC1α, which act downstream of miR-143, were significantly decreased in A2GDM placentae compared with A1GDM and CTRL (P < 0.01). Placental hPL (human placental lactogen) levels, expression of glycolytic enzymes, GLUT1 and mTOR signalling were also significantly increased by more than 2-fold in A2GDM compared with A1GDM and CTRL (P < 0.05). There was a 50% reduction in mitochondrial respiration in trophoblast cells isolated from A2GDM placentae. Overexpression of miR-143 was able to increase mitochondrial respiration, increase protein expression of mitochondrial complexes and decrease expression of glycolytic enzymes by 40% compared with A2GDM. Down-regulation of miR-143 mediates the metabolic switch from oxidative phosphorylation to aerobic glycolysis in placenta of women with A2GDM. © 2016 The Author(s).
American association of clinical endocrinologists, American college of endocrinology, and androgen excess and pcos society disease state clinical review: Guide to the best practices in the evaluation and treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome - Part 2; EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is recognized as the most common endocrine disorder of reproductive-aged women around the world. This document, produced by the collaboration of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists and the Androgen Excess Society aims to highlight the most important clinical issues confronting physicians and their patients with PCOS. It is a summary of current best practices in 2014. Insulin resistance is believed to play an intrinsic role in the pathogenesis of PCOS. The mechanism by which insulin resistance or insulin give rise to oligomenorrhea and hyperandrogenemia, however, is unclear. Hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp studies have shown that both obese and lean women with PCOS have some degree of insulin resistance. Insulin resistance is implicated in the ovulatory dysfunction of PCOS by disrupting the hypothalamic- pituitary-ovarian axis. Given the association with insulin resistance, all women with PCOS require evaluation for the risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its components, including type 2 diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and the possible risk of clinical events, including acute myocardial infarction and stroke. Obese women with PCOS are at increased risk for MetS with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT; 31 to 35%) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM; 7.5 to 10%). Rates of progression from normal glucose tolerance to IGT, and in turn to T2DM, may be as high as 5 to 15% within 3 years. Data suggest the need for baseline oral glucose tolerance test every 1 to 2 years based on family history of T2DM as well as body mass index (BMI) and yearly in women with IGT. Compared with BMI- and age-matched controls, young, lean PCOS women have lower high-density lipoprotein (HDL) size, higher verylow- density lipoprotein particle number, higher low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particle number, and borderline lower LDL size. Statins have been shown to lower testosterone levels either alone or in combination with oral contraceptives (OCPs) but have not shown improvement in menses, spontaneous ovulation, hirsutism, or acne. Statins reduce total and LDL cholesterol but have no effect on HDL, C-reactive protein, fasting insulin, or homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance in PCOS women, in contrast to the general population. There have been no long-term studies of statins on clinical cardiac outcomes in women with PCOS. Coronary calcification is more prevalent and more severe in PCOS than in controls. In women under 60 years of age undergoing coronary angiography, the presence of polycystic ovaries on sonography has been associated with more arterial segments with >50% stenosis, but the relationship between PCOS and actual cardiovascular events remains unclear. Therapies for PCOS are varied in their effects and targets and include both nonpharmacologic as well as pharmacologic approaches. Weight loss is the primary therapy in PCOS - reduction in weight of as little as 5% can restore regular menses and improve response to ovulation- inducing and fertility medications. Metformin in premenopausal PCOS women has been associated with a reduction in features of MetS. Clamp studies using ethinyl estradiol/drosperinone combination failed to reveal evidence of an increase in either peripheral or hepatic insulin resistance. Subjects with PCOS have a 1.5-times higher baseline risk of venous thromboembolic disease and a 3.7-fold greater effect with OCP use compared with non-PCOS subjects. There is currently no genetic test to screen for or diagnose PCOS, and there is no test to assist in the choice of treatment strategies. Persistent bleeding should always be investigated for pregnancy and/or uterine pathology - including transvaginal ultrasound exam and endometrial biopsy - in women with PCOS. PCOS women can have difficulty conceiving. Those who become pregnant are at risk for gestational diabetes (which should be evaluated and managed appropriately) and the microvascular complications of diabetes. Assessment of a woman with PCOS for infertility involves evaluating for preconceptional issues that may affect response to therapy or lead to adverse pregnancy outcomes and evaluating the couple for other common infertility issues that may affect the choice of therapy, such as a semen analysis. Women with PCOS have multiple factors that may lead to an elevated risk of pregnancy, including a high prevalence of IGT - a clear risk factor for gestational diabetes - and MetS with hypertension, which increases the risk for pre-eclampsia and placental abruption. Women should be screened and treated for hypertension and diabetes prior to attempting conception. Women should be counseled about weight loss prior to attempting conception, although there are limited clinical trial data demonstrating a benefit to this recommendation. Treatment for women with PCOS and anovulatory infertility should begin with an oral agent such as clomiphene citrate or letrozole, an aromatase inhibitor. © 2015 AACE.
Long-term effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on mothers and offspring and strategies of postpartum follow up; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as any degree of glucose intolerance that is first identified during pregnancy, excluding diabetic patients diagnosed before pregnancy. GDM not only can cause adverse events in mother and infant during pregnancy, but also has long-term effects after pregnancy. GDM can increase the prevalence of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, metabolic syndrome, and depression in mothers and elevates risks of abnormal glucose metabolism, hypertension, and obesity in offspring. Effective postpartum follow up and intervention can reduce those risks. This article reviews long term effects of GDM on mothers and offspring and strategies and methods of postpartum follow up. © 2016, Editorial Department of Journal of Shanghai Second Medical University. All right reserved.
Relationship between ABO blood group and pregnancy complications: A systematic literature analysis; Given the expression of ABO blood group antigens on the surface of a wide range of human cells and tissues, the putative interplay of the ABO system in human biology outside the area of transfusion and transplantation medicine constitutes an intriguing byway of research. Thanks to evidence accumulated over more than 50 years, the involvement of the ABO system in the pathogenesis of several human diseases, including cardiovascular, infectious and neoplastic disorders, is now acknowledged. However, there is controversial information on the potential association between ABO blood type and adverse pregnancy outcomes, including pre-eclampsia and related disorders (eclampsia, HELLP syndrome and intrauterine growth restriction), venous thromboembolism, post-partum haemorrhage and gestational diabetes. To elucidate the role of ABO antigens in pregnancy-related complications, we performed a systematic review of the literature published in the past 50 years. A meta-analytical approach was also applied to the existing literature on the association between ABO status and pre-eclampsia. The results of this systematic review are presented and critically discussed, along with the possible pathogenic implications. © SIMTI Servizi Srl.
Serum values of atherogenic index of plasma and lipid ratios in gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can increase the risks for type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases after pregnancy. Lipids are biomarkers that can give valuable information in this aspect. This study was performed with aim to assess serum values of lipids, lipid ratios and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and their relationship with maternal age and GDM. Methods: This case-control study was performed on 52 women with GDM and 59 normal pregnant women referred to Asalian hospital of Khorramabad, Iran during 2013-2014. Serum values of cholesterol, total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) were measured using commercially available kits and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) was calculated. Data were analyzed by SPSS software (version 19), and Kolmogorov – Smirnov, Independent t-test, Pearson’s correlation and regression. PResults: Values of TC/HDL-C ratio (P<0.001), LDL-C/HDL-C ratio (P<0.001) and AIP (P<0.001) were significantly increased while values of HDL-C (P<0.001) and HDL ratio (P<0.001) were significantly decreased in GDM group compared with normal pregnancy; the differences remained significant after adjusting for age of the subjects. The results of logistic regression analysis showed that before and after adjusting for age of the subjects, HDL-C and HDL ratio were negative risk factors for GDM and TC/HDL-C ratio, LDL-C/HDL-C ratio and AIP were positive risk factors for GDM. Conclusion: Increased TC/HDL-C ratio, LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, and AIP and decreased HDL-C and HDL ratio could be considered risk factors for GDM. Regularly measurements of lipid ratios and interventions for regulation of them might significantly prevent the prevalence of GDM and caused cardiovascular disease especially at postpartum period. © 2016, Mashhad University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
The role of maternal nutrition, metabolic function and the placenta in developmental programming of renal dysfunction; The intrauterine environment is critical for the development of the foetus. Barker and colleagues were the first to identify that adverse perturbations during foetal development are associated with an increased risk of developing diseases in adulthood, including cardiorenal disease. Specifically for the kidney, perturbations in utero can lead to nephron deficits and renal dysfunction by a number of mechanisms. Altered programming of nephron number is associated with an increased risk of developing kidney disease via glomerular hypertrophy and reduced vasodilative capacity of the renal blood vessels; both of which would contribute to hypertension in adulthood, with males being more susceptible to disease outcomes. Additionally, alterations in the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) such as an upregulation or downregulation of specific receptors, depending on the nature of the insult, have also been implicated in the development of renal dysfunction. Sex-specific differences in the expression of the RAS during late gestation and in the early postnatal environment have also been identified. Extensive research has demonstrated that both uteroplacental insufficiency and maternal malnutrition alter renal development in utero. Equally, exposure to maternal diabetes and maternal obesity during development are also associated with an increased risk of developing renal disease, however, the mechanism behind this association is poorly understood. Therefore, identifying the link between an adverse intrauterine environment and the programmed kidney disease risk in adulthood may facilitate the development of strategies to alleviate the epidemics of cardiorenal disease worldwide, in addition to understanding why males are more susceptible to adult-onset cardiovascular diseases. © 2016 John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
Genetic and dietary regulation of glyburide efflux by the human placental breast cancer resistance protein transporter; Glyburide is frequently used to treat gestational diabetes owing to its low fetal accumulation resulting from placental efflux by the breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP)/ABCG2 transporter. Here we sought to determine how exposure to the dietary phytoestrogen genistein and expression of a loss-of-function polymorphism in the ABCG2 gene (C421A) impacted the transport of glyburide by BCRP using stably transfected human embryonic kidney 293 (HEK) cells, human placental choriocarcinoma BeWo cells, and human placental explants. Genistein competitively inhibited the BCRP-mediated transport of 3H-glyburide in both wild-type (WT) and C421A-BCRP HEKexpressing cells, with greater accumulation of 3H-glyburide in cells expressing the C421A variant. In BeWo cells, exposure to genistein for 60 minutes increased the accumulation of 3H-glyburide 30%-70% at concentrations relevant to dietary exposure (IC50 ∼180 nM). Continuous exposure of BeWo cells to genistein for 48 hours reduced the expression of BCRP mRNA and protein by up to 40%, which impaired BCRP transport activity. Pharmacologic antagonism of the estrogen receptor attenuated the genistein-mediated downregulation of BCRP expression, suggesting that phytoestrogens may reduce BCRP levels through this hormone receptor pathway in BeWo cells. Interestingly, genistein treatment for 48 hours did not alter BCRP protein expression in explants dissected from healthy term placentas. These data suggest that whereas genistein can act as a competitive inhibitor of BCRP-mediated transport, its ability to downregulate placental BCRP expression may only occur in choriocarcinoma cells. Overall, this research provides important mechanistic data regarding how the environment (dietary genistein) and a frequent genetic variant (ABCG2, C421A) may alter the maternal-fetal disposition of glyburide. Copyright © 2016 by The American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics.
Hypertensive disorders first identified in pregnancy increase risk for incident prehypertension and hypertension in the year after delivery; Background: Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, including preeclampsia/eclampsia (PE/E) are associated with long-term cardiovascular disease risk. However, little is known about the effect of these conditions on risk for prehypertension (preHTN) or hypertension (HTN) in the early years after delivery. Methods: The cohort consisted of women who had prenatal care and delivered a live singleton neonate at Kaiser Permanente Bellflower Medical Center in 2005-2010. Women with prepregnancy HTN or preHTN were excluded from analysis. Multivariable robust Poisson regression models were used to assess associations between any hypertensive disorder or PE/E and development of preHTN/HTN in the year after delivery, adjusted for maternal age, race/ethnicity, parity, smoking, prepregnancy weight status, gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes, and gestational age. Results: Among 5960 women who were normotensive prior to pregnancy, 358 (6.0%) developed a hypertensive disorder in pregnancy, of whom 215 (60.1%) had PE/E. Overall, 63 (1.1%) developed HTN and 902 (15.1%) preHTN in the year after delivery. After accounting for all potential confounders, women with a hypertensive disorder in pregnancy and those with PE/E were 2.36 (95% confidence interval: 1.97-2.83) and 2.48 (95% confidence interval: 1.99-3.11) times as likely, respectively, to develop preHTN/HTN in the year after delivery as those without pregnancy-related HTN. Results were similar with and without adjustment for gestational diabetes. Conclusion: Our findings highlight the need for prospective studies aimed at determining whether early postpartum screening and improved follow-up of women with hypertensive disorders first identified in pregnancy may prevent future cardiovascular disease. © 2016 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.
The mother - The long-term implications on metabolic and cardiovascular complications; There is cumulating evidence linking the occurrence of pregnancy complications, including miscarriage, stillbirth, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, and fetal growth restriction, with increased future risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus, and hospitalization and death due to cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases. Such association is largely related to genetic predisposition and shared pathophysiological mechanisms and changes, which may precede the index pregnancy. Awareness of this association would allow identification of the at-risk women for implementation of preventive measures to reduce the recurrence risk of these complications and mitigate the future development of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases worldwide. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Impact of maternal obesity on perinatal and childhood outcomes; Maternal obesity is of major consequence, affecting every aspect of maternity care including both shorte and longeterm effects on the health of the offspring. Obese mothers are at a higher risk of developing gestational diabetes and preeeclampsia, potentially exposing the foetus to an adverse intrauterine environment. Maternal obesity is linked to foetal macrosomia, resulting in increased neonatal and maternal morbidity. Foetal macrosomia is a result of a change in body composition in the neonate with an increase in both percentage fat and fat mass. Maternal obesity and gestational weight gain are associated with childhood obesity, and this effect extends into adulthood. Childhood obesity in turn increases chances of later life obesity, thus type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the offspring. Further clinical trials of lifestyle and, potentially, pharmacological interventions in obese pregnant women are required to determine whether shorte and longeterm adverse effects for the mother and child can be reduced. © 2014 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Early recognition of gestational diabetes mellitus - Combination of new guidelines and practice; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as "glucose intolerance with onset or first detected during pregnancy" or "impaired carbohydrate tolerance with varying intensity, which is diagnosed during pregnancy and that can either be resolved or not after birth". Pregnancy is a physiological state of insulin resistance (IR), while pancreatic β-cells nonnally increase their insulin secretion (about 30%) to compensate the occurrence of physiological IR. GDM is an islet β-cell failure condition for compensation of insulin resistance. There are various risk factors associated with the development of GDM. It influences the development of the fetus and is associated with increased risk of adverse perinatal outcomes for mother and fetus. After delivery some long-term effects occur affecting again mother and infant. Women with a history of GDM have a higher risk of developing T2D, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases. Children of mothers with a history of GDM have an increased preexposure to obesity and diabetes, and those born with macrosomia are at increased risk of developing metabolic syndrome in childhood. The time before creation of International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Group-IADPSG) and the lack of a "gold standard" for diagnosis of GDM led to different diagnostic thresholds established and recommended by various organizations in their instructions. In 2011 the American Diabetes Association in its annual Standards of Medical Care in Diabetes first recommended new criteria for diagnosis of GDM. They were extended in 2014 with the possibility of using a "one-step" and "two-step" approach to diagnosis Gestational diabetes.
Mannose-binding lectin may affect pregnancy outcome; Mannose-binding lectin (MBL) is a component of the innate immune system and acts as a complement activator through the lectin pathway. Genetic variations of MBL and low MBL levels cause several infection problems, which may also be related to pregnancy problems. We aimed to investigate the role of MBL gene codon 54 polymorphism and serum MBL levels in pregnancy problems and premature delivery. In this prospective study, MBL gene codon 54 polymorphism and serum MBL levels were studied in 45 mothers who delivered earlier than 35 gestational weeks. The frequency of MBL gene codon 54 variant allele B was much higher (homozygous 4.4% and heterozygous 33.3%) in the study group mothers than the previously reported frequency in the healthy Turkish population (homozygous 2-6%, heterozygous 12-20%). MBL variant allele B frequency was closely related to low MBL levels (<0.1 μg/ml), vaginitis and increased IL-6 levels. The median MBL levels were lower than the critical level of 0.1 μg/ ml in study mothers who had recurrent miscarriage, infertility, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm premature rupture of membranes with duration of longer than 72 hours, tocolysis, histological chorioamnionitis, urinary tract infection and vaginitis. MBL gene codon 54 variant allele B is related to low serum MBL levels, increased IL-6 levels, genitourinary infections and may cause pregnancy-related problems such as infertility, recurrent miscarriage and preterm delivery. © 2015 Turkish Journal of Pediatrics. All rights reserved.
MiR-410 enhanced hESC-derived pancreatic endoderm transplant to alleviate gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a condition commonly encountered during mid to late pregnancy with pathologic manifestations including hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, and fetal mal-development. The deficit and dysfunction of insulin secreting b-cells are signature symptoms for GDM. Pancreatic progenitors derived from human embryonic stem cells (hESCs) were shown to be able to effectively treat diabetes in mice. In this study, we first identified that microRNA-410 (miR-410) directly targets lactate dehydrogenase A (LDHA), a gene selectively repressed in normal insulin secreting b-cells. hESCs that can be induced to express miR-410 hence keeping LDHA levels in check were then differentiated in vitro into pancreatic endoderm, followed by transplantation into dbl+ mouse model of GDM. The transplant greatly improved glucose metabolism and reproductive outcome of the pregnant females suffering from GDM. Our findings describe for the first time the method of combining miRNA with hESCs, providing proof of concept by employing genetically modified stem cell therapy for treating GDM. © 2015 Society for Endocrinology.
Prevalence of congenital heart disease and its related risk indicators among 90 796 Chinese infants aged less than 6 months in Tianjin; Background: Congenital heart disease (CHD) represents one of the most prevalent congenital malformations. However, few studies use whole-population screening by colour Doppler ultrasonic diagnostic system to identify CHD among live infants. We estimate the prevalence of CHD and its major risk indicators among infants aged less than 6 months in urban Tianjin, China.Methods: A colour Doppler ultrasonic diagnostic system was used as the screening tool for the diagnosis of CHD. A total of 90 796 infants aged less than 6 months, living in the nine urban districts of Tianjin, China, participated in the CHD screening programme between July 2009 and June 2011.Results: A total of 1817 children were identified as having CHD. The overall prevalence of congenital heart disease was 16.4 per 1000 live births among 47 697 boys, 24.1 per 1000 live births among 43 099 girls, and 20.0 per 1,000 live births among 90 796 boys and girls combined. Atrial septal defect was the most common heart lesion of CHD, with the prevalence of 10.6 per 1000 live births. Several maternal antenatal factors, such as older age, pregnant infections, pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, family history of CHD, and lower education level, and several child factors, such as early screening age, lower birthweight and short gestational age, were associated with an increased risk of CHD.Conclusions: The prevalence of CHD of live infants in Tianjin was found to be relatively high by using a colour Doppler ultrasonic diagnostic system to screen CHD. Several maternal factors were associated with CHD risk. © The Author 2015; all rights reserved. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Epidemiological Association.
Earlier Age of Onset of Chronic Hypertension and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus After a Hypertensive Disorder of Pregnancy or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; A prospective cohort study was conducted to assess the impact of a history of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the risk and age of onset of hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D), and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life, independent of hypertension and T2D. Between 1993 and 1997, 22 265 ever-pregnant women were included from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition-NL study, aged 20 to 70 years at baseline. Details on complications of pregnancy and known hypertension were obtained by questionnaire. Blood pressure was measured at enrollment. Participants were followed for the occurrence of CVD events. Data were analyzed using ANCOVA, multivariable logistic regression, and Cox proportional hazard (with HDP and GDM as time-dependent variables for T2D and CVD) models. At enrollment, women with a HDP reported diagnosis of hypertension 7.7 years earlier (95% confidence interval [CI] 6.9-8.5) and women with GDM reported diagnosis of T2D 7.7 years earlier (95% CI 5.8-9.6) than women without pregnancy complications. After adjustment for potential confounders, HDP was associated with presence of hypertension at enrollment (odds ratio 2.12, 95% CI 1.98-2.28) and onset of CVD later in life (hazard ratio 1.21, 95% CI 1.10-1.32). After including the intermediates hypertension and T2D in the model, the risk of CVD later in life decreased (hazard ratio 1.09, 95% CI 1.00-1.20). GDM was associated with an increased risk of developing T2D later in life (hazard ratio 3.68, 95% CI 2.77-4.90), but not with risk of CVD. HDP and GDM have a substantial impact on the risk of CVD and are potentially important indicators for preventive cardiovascular risk management. © 2015 American Heart Association, Inc.
Screening of mitochondrial mutations and insertion-deletion polymorphism in gestational diabetes mellitus in the Asian Indian population; In this study we scrutinized the association between the A8344G/A3243G mutations and a 9-bp deletion polymorphism with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in an Asian Indian population. The A3243G mutation in the mitochondrial tRNALeu(UUR) causes mitochondrial encephalopathy myopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes (MELAS), while the A8344G mutation in tRNALys causes myoclonus epilepsy with ragged red fibers (MERRF). We screened 140 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM and 140 non-GDM participants for these mutations by PCR-RFLP analysis. Both A3243G and A8344G were associated with GDM (A3243: OR-3.667, 95% CI=1.001-13.43, p=0.03; A8344G: OR-11.00, 95% CI=0.6026-200.8, p=0.04). Mitochondrial DNA mutations contribute to the development of GDM. Our results conclude that mitochondrial mutations are associated with the GDM women in our population. Thus it is important to screen other mitochondrial mutations in the GDM women. © 2014. Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V.
Hospital admissions due to cyanosis episodes in newborns with gestational age of 34 weeks or more; Objectives: A retrospective study was performed between January 2007 and December 2012 to assess the admission rates of newborns due to episodes of cyanosis Patients and method: Retrospective study that included all the newborns hospitalized with episodes of cyanosis between January 2007 and December 2012. In them were employed two study protocols that considered first and second line tests, the latter in view of recurrence of events. The first line protocol considered general biochemical tests, chest x-ray and echocardiography in selected cases, while the second line protocol included electroencephalogram, electrocardiogram, nuclear magnetic resonance of the brain, expanded metabolic screening, pyruvic acid, lactic acid, and in case of seizures, cytochemical, and culture of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and PCR (polymerase chain reaction) for herpes. Results: A total of 98 (2.8%) out of 3,454 newborns were admitted due to episodes of cyanosis. Gestational age: 37.8±1.4 weeks, birth weight: 3,145±477g. Maternal age: 32±4.8 years. Disease was present in 19.4% of mothers; gestational diabetes (8.1%), pregnancy induced hypertension (5.1%), intrahepatic cholestasis (3.1%), and intrauterine growth retardation (3.1%). Gender: 48.8% male, 51.2% female (NS). Birth: caesarean section, 68.4%, and vaginal delivery, 31.6%. Age on admission 1.9 ± 1.4 days. Hospital stay: 4.2±4.2 days. First line tests were performed in 100% of patients with 39.8% fulfilling the criteria for second line study. A condition was detected in 21.4%, with convulsive syndrome was the most frequent (33%). Newborns with an identified condition had 3.8±2.7episodes versus 1.5 ± 2,4 in those without diagnosis (NS). A home oxygen monitor was given to 15.4%. There were no re-admissions. Conclusions: Most newborns admitted due to cyanosis are discharged with a condition of unknown origin. In this study, convulsive syndrome was the most frequent cause. © 2015 Sociedad Chilena de Pediatría.
History of infertility and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study; Aims/hypothesis: We sought to evaluate the relationship between delayed conception and type 2 diabetes risk, given that there are plausible underlying mechanisms linking the two, including inflammation and insulin resistance. Methods: Participants of the Nurses’ Health Study II prospective cohort were included if they were free of chronic disease (cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, cancer) at baseline. Biennial questionnaires updated information on infertility status (>12 months attempted pregnancy), lifestyle characteristics and several health-related outcomes. Self-reported cases of diabetes were confirmed using a follow-up questionnaire. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models were used to compute the HRs and 95% CIs. Results: Incident type 2 diabetes occurred in 5,993 of the 112,106 participants over 24 years of follow-up (1989–2013). A history of infertility was reported in 27,774 (24.8%) women and was associated with a 20% greater risk of developing diabetes, compared with those never reporting infertility (HR 1.20 [95% CI 1.14, 1.28]), after adjusting for age, lifestyle factors, marital status, oral contraceptive use, family history of diabetes and BMI. Compared with women without a history of infertility, the causes of infertility associated with a higher diabetes risk were ovulation disorders (HR 1.43 [95% CI 1.29, 1.58]) and tubal factor (HR 1.34 [95% CI 1.13, 1.58]). Cervical factor (HR 1.06 [95% CI 0.81, 1.40]) and endometriosis (HR 1.06 [95% CI 0.89, 1.27]) were not associated, while male factor infertility was associated with a modestly higher diabetes risk (HR 1.15 [95% CI 1.00, 1.33]). Conclusions/interpretation: These novel findings suggest a history of infertility, particularly that related to ovulation disorders and tubal blockage, is significantly associated with a higher risk of type 2 diabetes. © 2015, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Effect of Advanced Glycation End Products on Human Thyroglobulin's Antigenicity as Identified by the Use of Sera from Patients with Hashimoto's Thyroiditis and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are formed on proteins after exposure to high concentrations of glucose and modify protein's immunogenicity. Herein, we investigated whether the modification of thyroglobulin (Tg) by AGEs influences its antigenicity and immunogenicity. Human Tg was incubated in vitro with increasing concentrations of D-glucose-6-phosphate in order to produce Tgs with different AGE content (AGE-Tg). Native Tg and AGE-Tgs were used in ELISA to assess the serum antibody reactivity of two patient groups, pregnant women with gestational diabetes (GDM), and patients with Hashimoto's thyroiditis (HT). We produced in vitro AGE-Tg with low and high AGE content, 13 and 49 AGE units/mg Tg, respectively. All HT patients' sera presented the same antibody reactivity profile against native Tg and AGE-Tgs, indicating that the modification of Tg by AGEs did not alter its antigenicity. Similarly, the GDM patients' sera did not discriminate among the two forms of Tg, native or artificially glycated, suggesting that the modification of Tg by AGEs might not alter its immunogenicity. The modification of Tg by AGEs has no obvious effect on neither its antigenicity nor, most likely, its immunogenicity. It seems that other Tg modifications might account for the production of aTgAbs in patients with GDM. Copyright © 2015 A. Hatzioannou et al.
The genetic polymorphism in the STK11 does not affect gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as carbohydrate intolerance of variable severity that develops during pregnancy. Recent studies indicate that GDM onset is rapid, and that women with GDM will develop other metabolic disorders such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in their future. Serine/ threonine kinase 11 (STK11) is engaged in the insulin signaling pathway and encoded protein is an important activator of adenosine monophosphate activated protein kinase. Based on the previously reported association between the STK11 gene and diabetes, we aimed to investigate whether the rs8111699 polymorphism in STK11 has any role in gestation diabetes in Saudi women. In this case-control study, we recruited pregnant Saudi women based on biochemical analysis of their blood samples. Genomic DNA was obtained from confirmed subjects (200 GDM cases and 300 non-GDM). PCR-RFLP analysis was performed to detect the C528G polymorphism in the STK11 gene. The anthropometric and clinical data were similar between the GDM and non-GDM subjects (p>0.05), whereas the biochemical analysis was significantly different between the cases and controls (p<0.05). The genotype and allele frequencies between of the STK11 gene were not statistically significant difference between the GDM and non-GDM groups (OR=0.82; 95% CI:=0.6-1.0; p=0.12). Our study suggests that the rs8111699 polymorphism has no role in the development of GDM in pregnant Saudi women.
Correlation between infl ammatory markers and insulin resistance in pregnancy; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of postpartum type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk factors, such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidaemia and systemic inflammation. We aimed to evaluate further lipid profile and inflammatory status assessed by high sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) and TNF-α in GDM. Based on oral glucose tolerance testing, participants were stratifi ed into three groups: normal 50 g glucose challenge test (GCT), normal 100 g glucose tolerance test (NOGTT) (control group) (n = 40); abnormal GCT NOGTT (glucose intolerance) (n = 37); and GDM (n = 39), defined by Carpenter and Coustan. The three groups did not demonstrate significantly different hsCRP levels (p = 0.4180) and lipid profile parameters, such as total cholesterol (p = 0.4210) and LDL-cholesterol (p = 0.4440) levels. Triglycerides (p = 0.0150) and atherogenic index of the plasma levels (p = 0.0280) were slightly higher in the GDM group. But, TNF-α levels increased significantly in the GDM (p < 0 .0001) and in glucose intolerance (p = 0.0062) groups as compared with the control group. Among the metabolic syndrome components, insulin resistance was apparently associated with TNF-α, whereas dyslipidaemia was slightly associated with hsCRP because of the effects of maternal age on lipid markers. These findings suggest that TNF-α has a stronger correlation with pregnancy-associated insulin resistance than hsCRP at 24 to 28 weeks' gestation. © 2014 Informa UK, Ltd.
Other adverse pregnancy outcomes and future chronic disease; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in females worldwide. Pregnancy is associated with significant physiologic changes that may function as a natural stress test to detect women at future risk. It is established that women who have had a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life, and there is growing evidence that women who deliver infants preterm or growth-restricted infants have an elevated risk as well. Consideration should be given to including these outcomes as indicators of cardiovascular risk. Pregnancy represents a teachable moment when it would be ideal to identify women at risk. Improved integration of women's primary health care and an enhanced knowledge base on the part of clinicians will be necessary to fully incorporate these findings into the clinical care of women. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.
Maternal use of a diet rich omega-3 from flaxseed improves aortic remodeling but not the biochemical parameters of female offspring of diabetic rats; The aim of this paper was to evaluate the influence of flaxseed flour and flaxseed oil on biochemical parameters and aortic morphology of the offspring of type 2 diabetic rats. Rats were induced into diabetes by a high fat diet and streptozotocin (STZ) (35mg/kg). After confirming the diagnosis of diabetes, they were mated and, when gestation was confirmed, were divided into four groups: control group (CG), high fat group (HFG), flaxseed oil group (FOG), and flaxseed flour group (FFG). After weaning, six females from each group were separated and were fed a commercial diet until 100 days of age, when they were sacrificed. It was observed that experimental diets did not affect monocyte chemotactic protein 1 (MCP-1) concentration, cholesterol, triglycerides and VLDL. On the other hand, the concentration of VEGF was higher in HFG and FOG groups in comparison to CG. The thickness values of the aorta were significantly smaller in FOG and FFG, and the lumen area was the same among the CG, HFG, and FFG, while the FOG showed a smaller lumen area when compared to CG and HFG. The data here suggest that a diet rich in flaxseed flour and flaxseed oil reduces the remodeling of the aorta, even though it did not modify cardiovascular biochemical parameters. Practical applications: The results help explain how the use of omega-3 rich diet decreases the impact of gestational diabetes on cardiac risk of offspring. © 2015 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.
Increased risk of type II diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease after gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review; OBJECTIVE: To determine the long-term risk of developing type II diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) for women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; DESIGN: Systematic review and meta-analysis.; METHOD: Two search strategies were used in PubMed and Embase to determine the long-term risks of developing T2D and CVD after a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus. After critical appraisal of the papers found, 11 papers were included, involving a total of 328,423 patients. Absolute and relative risks (RRs) were calculated.; RESULTS: Eight studies (n=276,829) reported on the long-term risk of T2D and 4 (n=141,048) on the long-term risk of CVD. Follow-up ranged from 3.5 to 11.5 years for T2D and from 1.2 to 74.0 years for CVD. Women with gestational diabetes had a risk of T2D varying between 9.5% and 37.0% and a risk of CVD of between 0.28% and 15.5%. Women with gestational diabetes were at increased risk of T2D (weighted RR: 13.2; 95% CI: 8.5-20.7) and CVD (weighted RR: 2.0; 95% CI: 1.1-3.7) compared to women without gestational diabetes.; CONCLUSION: Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus have a significantly increased risk of developing T2D and CVD. It is very important that gestational diabetes is recognised as a cardiovascular risk factor in daily practice. It would be desirable to screen this group of women for the presence of hyperglycaemia and other cardiovascular risk factors. Further research is required to be able to specify the long-term risk of T2D and CVD and to demonstrate whether such screening is cost-effective.
The International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) Initiative on gestational diabetes mellitus: A pragmatic guide for diagnosis, management, and care; Hyperglycemia is one of the most common medical conditions women encounter during pregnancy. The International Diabetes Federation (IDF) estimates that one in six live births (16.8%) are to women with some form of hyperglycemia in pregnancy. While 16% of these cases may be due to diabetes in pregnancy (either preexisting diabetes type 1 or type 2 which antedates pregnancy or is first identified during testing in the index pregnancy), the majority (84%) is due to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The occurrence of GDM parallels the prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), obesity, and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in a given population. These conditions are on the rise globally. Moreover, the age of onset of diabetes and pre-diabetes is declining while the age of childbearing is increasing. There is also an increase in the rate of overweight and obese women of reproductive age; thus, more women entering pregnancy have risk factors that make them vulnerable to hyperglycemia during pregnancy. GDM is associated with a higher incidence of maternal morbidity including cesarean deliveries, shoulder dystocia, birth trauma, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (including preeclampsia), and subsequent development of T2DM. Perinatal and neonatal morbidities also increase; the latter include macrosomia, birth injury, hypoglycemia, polycythemia, and hyperbilirubinemia. Long-term sequelae in offspring with in utero exposure to maternal hyperglycemia may include higher risks for obesity and diabetes later in life. In most parts of low-, lower middle-, and upper middleincome countries (which contribute to over 85% of the annual global deliveries), the majority of women are either not screened or improperly screened for diabetes during pregnancy even though these countries account for 80% of the global diabetes burden as well as 90% of all cases of maternal and perinatal deaths and poor pregnancy outcomes. Given the interaction between hyperglycemia and poor pregnancy outcomes, the role of in utero imprinting in increasing the risk of diabetes and cardiometabolic disorders in the offspring of mothers with hyperglycemia in pregnancy, as well as increasing maternal vulnerability to future diabetes and cardiovascular disorders, there needs to be a greater global focus on preventing, screening, diagnosing, and managing hyperglycemia in pregnancy. The relevance of GDM as a priority for maternal health and its impact on the future burden of noncommunicable diseases is no longer in doubt, but how best to deal with the issue remains contentious as there are many gaps in knowledge on how to prevent, diagnose, and manage GDM to optimize care and outcomes. These must be addressed through future research. The International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) brought together international experts to develop a document to frame the issues and suggest key actions to address the health burden posed by GDM. FIGO's objective, as outlined in this document, is: (1) to raise awareness of the links between hyperglycemia and poor maternal and fetal outcomes as well as to the future health risks to mother and offspring, and demand a clearly defined global health agenda to tackle this issue; and (2) to create a consensus document that provides guidance for testing, management, and care of women with GDM regardless of resource setting and to disseminate and encourage its use. Despite the challenge of limited high-quality evidence, the document outlines current global standards for the testing, management, and care of women with GDM and provides pragmatic recommendations, which because of their level of acceptability, feasibility, and ease of implementation, have the potential to produce significant impact. Suggestions are provided for a variety of different regional and resource settings based on their financial, human, and infrastructure resources, as we ll as for research priorities to bridge the current knowledge andevidence gap. To address the issue of GDM, FIGO recommends the following: Public health focus: There should be greater international attention paid to GDM and to the links between maternal health and noncommunicable diseases on the sustainable developmental goals agenda. Public health measures to increase awareness, access, affordability, and acceptance of preconception counselling, and prenatal and postnatal services for women of reproductive age must be prioritized. Universal testing: All pregnant women should be tested for hyperglycemia during pregnancy using a one-step procedure and FIGO encourages all countries and its member associations to adapt and promote strategies to ensure this. Criteria for diagnosis: The WHO criteria for diagnosis of diabetes mellitus in pregnancy [1] and the WHO and the International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria for diagnosis of GDM [1,2] should be used when possible. Keeping in mind the resource constraints in many low-resource countries, alternate strategies described in the document should also be considered equally acceptable. Diagnosis of GDM: Diagnosis should ideally be based on laboratory results of venous serum or plasma samples that are properly collected, transported, and tested. Though plasmacalibrated handheld glucometers offer results that are less accurate and precise than those from quality-controlled laboratories, it is acceptable to use such devices for the diagnosis of glucose intolerance in pregnancy in locations where laboratory support is either unavailable or at a site remote to the point of care. Management of GDM: Management should be in accordance with available national resources and infrastructure even if the specific diagnostic and treatment protocols are not supported by high-quality evidence, as this is preferable to no care at all. Lifestyle management: Nutrition counselling and physical activity should be the primary tools in the management of GDM.Women with GDM must receive practical nutritional education and counselling that will empower them to choose the right quantity and quality of food and level of physical activity. They should be advised repeatedly during pregnancy to continue the same healthy lifestyle after delivery to reduce the risk of future obesity, T2DM, and cardiovascular diseases. Pharmacological management: If lifestyle modification alone fails to achieve glucose control, metformin, glyburide, or insulin should be considered as safe and effective treatment options for GDM. Postpartum follow-up and linkage to care: Following a pregnancy complicated by GDM, the postpartum period provides an important platform to initiate beneficial health practices for both mother and child to reduce the future burden of several noncommunicable diseases. Obstetricians should establish links with family physicians, internists, pediatricians, and other healthcare providers to support postpartum follow-up of GDM mothers and their children. A follow-up program linked to the child's vaccination and regular health check-up visits provides an opportunity for continued engagement with the high risk mother?child pair. Future research: There should be greater international research collaboration to address the knowledge gaps to better understand the links between maternal health and noncommunicable diseases. Evidence-based findings are urgently needed to provide best practice standards for testing, management, and care of women with GDM. Cost-effectiveness models must be used for countries to make the best choices for testing and management of GDM given their specific burden of disease and resources.
Sleep-disordered breathing and future cardiovascular disease risk; Sleep-disordered breathing occurs in 0.6-15% of reproductive age women. This condition is associated with an increased lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease, cardiovascular mortality, and all-cause mortality. A substantial body of evidence demonstrated increased perinatal morbidity among pregnancies affected by SDB including gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. These same conditions are predictive of later cardiovascular disease. Treatment of SDB has been demonstrated to decrease future cardiovascular events and mortality. Screening at-risk individuals in the perinatal period can identify women with SDB, who can benefit from treatment. Continuous positive airway pressure and lifestyle interventions can decrease subsequent adverse cardiovascular health outcomes. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.
The effect of weight management interventions that include a diet component on weight-related outcomes in pregnant and postpartum women: a systematic review protocol; REVIEW QUESTION/OBJECTIVE: What are the effects of weight management interventions that include a diet component on weight-related outcomes in pregnant and postpartum women?The primary objective of this systematic review is to evaluate the effectiveness of weight management interventions which include a diet component and are aimed at limiting gestational weight gain and postpartum weight retention in women.The second objective of this systematic review is to investigate included intervention components with respect to effect on weight-related outcomes. This may include, but is not limited to: length of intervention, use of face-to-face counselling, group or individual consultations, use of other interventions components including exercise, use of goals and use of support tools like food diaries, coaching, including email or text message support.; BACKGROUND: Around half of all women of reproductive age are either overweight or obese, with women aged 25-34 years having a greater risk of substantial weight gain compared with men of all ages. Excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) and postpartum weight retention (PPWR) may play a significant role in long term obesity. Having one child doubles the five- and 10-year obesity incidence for women, with many women who gain excessive weight during pregnancy remaining obese permanently. Excessive GWG and/or PPWR can also significantly contribute to short- and long-term adverse health outcomes for mother, baby and future pregnancies.Maternal obesity increases the risk of pregnancy related complications such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, stillbirth and the rate of caesarean section. Childhood obesity is a further long term complication of maternal obesity for offspring, which may persist in to adulthood. Excess GWG is also a risk factor for PPWR both in the short and long-term. Nehring et al. conducted a meta-analysis with over 65,000 women showing that, compared to women who gained weight within recommendations during pregnancy, women with GWG above Institute of Medicine weight gain recommendations, retained an additional 3.1 kg and 4.7kg after three and greater than or equal to 15 years postpartum, respectively. The health risk associated with PPWR is highlighted in a study of 151,025 Swedish women followed between 1992 and 2001.The study identified the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes for those who gained three or more units of Body Mass Index (kg/m2) between consecutive pregnancies (an average of two years) was much higher compared with women whose BMI changed from -1.0 and 0.9 units. Long-term chronic disease risk may also be affected by PPWR as weight retention at the end of the first year post-partum has been found to be a predictor of maternal overweight 15 years later.With around 14-20% of women retaining 5kg or more 12 months postpartum, the risk of developing conditions like diabetes, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease may be increased. It becomes evident that interventions which aim to support attainment of healthy weight both in the antenatal and postpartum periods are key health priorities for women during this life stage.Lifestyle factors of overweight, having poor diet quality, and not undertaking enough moderate-to-vigorous physical activity are amongst the top five predictors of mortality in women. Additionally it is noted that, for many women, pregnancy and the postpartum period are associated with a reduction in physical activity. It is known that a combination of poor dietary choices, an increase in sedentary time and reduction in physical activity are all contributors to the development of overweight and obesity. With this in mind, current research has focused on lifestyle interventions to limit GWG and PPWR. Thangaratinam et al. reviewed 44 randomized controlled trials (7278 women) where interventions including diet, physical activity or both were evaluated for their influence on maternal weight during pregnancy. Results indicate that all were significantly effective in reducing GWG compared with the control group. More specifically, dietary interventions were the most effective in reducing weight gain, with a mean weight loss of -3.84kg compared with -0.72kg and -1.06kg for physical activity and the mixed (diet plus physical activity) approach, respectively. This finding is supported by Hill and colleagues' recent systematic review of theory based interventions to limit GWG. Included studies in this review reported an underpinning theory base and were classified as adopting a dietary, physical activity or mixed approach. Hill et al. concluded that studies which included a diet intervention were significantly more effective at limiting GWG.In 2011 Tanentsapf et al. reviewed the effect of dietary interventions alone for reducing GWG in normal weight, overweight and obese pregnant women. This review analysed 13 randomized controlled trials and quasi-randomized controlled trials with a dietary intervention to prevent excessive GWG in women. The review concluded that dietary interventions during pregnancy were effective in reducing GWG with an effect of -1.92kg (n=1434) compared with the control group.Tanentsapf et al. identified that trials differed in the conduct of the interventions with various diet and non-diet related components utilised. Dietary approaches were highly variable with some trials focusing only on calorie restriction and others included additional target macronutrient distribution for intake. Some trials further provided feedback based on maternal weight gain guidelines. Interventions also varied in delivery method with a variety of modes used, including face-to-face, individual or group consultations and/or written correspondence. The frequency of communication, despite the type or mix, also changed from trial to trial with additional methods via telephone, posted materials, feedback or food diaries utilised. The inclusion of physical activity in addition to diet intervention was also common. Whilst the recent review by Tanentsapf et al. identified that dietary interventions are effective in reducing GWG, the review did not investigate the impact that different intervention components, delivery methods or dietary counselling approaches had on gestational weight management. It remains unclear as to which intervention components optimize GWG in women.The impact of lifestyle interventions has also been investigated in the postpartum period. The recent systematic review from van der Pligt et al. reported seven of 11 studies reviewed were successful in limiting PPWR. As with studies aimed at limiting GWG, interventions included in van der Pligt et al.'s review differed greatly in their conduct. Six of these seven studies included both dietary and physical activity components for the intervention, with the final successful study including a diet only intervention. Five of the successful studies recruited overweight or obese women only. Intervention time varied considerably in successful studies with some running for as little at ten days, and others up to six months.Bertz et al. demonstrated that their 12-week behavior modification intervention which targeted diet alone or diet and exercise, including two individual sessions with a dietitian and physical therapist, provision of scales for weight self-monitoring and bi-weekly text messages was successful in achieving significant weight loss following the intervention, and sustained at one year. The diet intervention and the diet and exercise intervention yielded significant weight loss compared to the control. Following 12 weeks a reduction of -8.3 +/- 4.2kg for diet intervention and -6.9 +/- 3.0kg for diet and exercise was observed. Additionally after one year, the diet intervention showed -10.2 +/- 5.7kg reduction and -7.3 +/- 6.3kg for the diet and exercise intervention (p<0.001). Colleran et al. also found significant weight change results by implementing a 16-week intervention which consisted of weekly individual sessions with a dietitian regarding calorie restriction, two additional home visits regarding exercise, weekly food diary completion and email support. The intervention group had greater weight loss compared to the control group (-5.8kg +/- 3.5kg vs -1.6kg +/- 5.4kg). It can be seen that various methods have been utilized in investigating the impact of diet and physical activity interventions on PPWR. The review by van der Pligt et al. highlights the impact successful lifestyle interventions can have on postpartum weight change. However, this review did not investigate the different intervention strategies utilized. It remains unclear as to the optimal setting, delivery method, diet strategy, contact frequency or intervention length to limit PPWR.Previous systematic reviews for both GWG and PPWR have focused on the effectiveness of lifestyle interventions as a whole for weight management in pregnant and postpartum women. And despite Tanentsapf et al.'s focus on dietary interventions for GWG, much is still unknown about the effectiveness of differing diet interventions over the antenatal and postpartum period. Specifically, the impact of differing diet intervention strategies on maternal weight gain is not known. Firstly, this systematic review will focus on whether weight management interventions which include a dietary component are effective in pregnant and postpartum women. In addition to this, this review will investigate the different intervention strategies utilized and their effectiveness in maternal weight management. A search of systematic review protocol databases has shown that there is no current review underway for this topic.
PCOS and pregnancy: Impact of endocrine and metabolic factors; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common endocrinemetabolic disorders, characterized by hyperandrogenism, hyperinsulinism, and polycystic ovaries.The origin of PCOS includes genetic factors and lifestyle influences.Elevated estrogen and androgens, low levels of progesterone, anovulation, and hyperinsulinemia contribute to endometrial, hormonal, and metabolic dysfunctions leading to adverse pregnancy outcome.In fact, women with PCOS have an increased risk of gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, preterm birth, and need of cesarean section.Moreover, the comorbidity of obesity may increase the risk of obstetric complications since excess adipose tissue acts as an endocrine and inflammatory organ, with altered concentrations in leptin, TNF-±, and IL-6.Lifestyle modification may improve biochemical and endocrinological parameters, preventing progression of PCOS to type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases later in life.Nutritional interventions, with or without metabolic drugs, are used as therapeutic tool. © Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2015.
Recognition and management of individuals with hyperglycemia because of a heterozygous glucokinase mutation; Glucokinase-maturity-onset diabetes of the young (GCK-MODY), also known as MODY2, is caused by heterozygous inactivating mutations in the GCK gene. GCK gene mutations are present in ∼1 in 1,000 of the population, but most are not diagnosed. They are common causes of MODY (10-60%): persistent incidental childhood hyperglycemia (10-60%) and gestational diabetes mellitus (1-2%). GCK-MODY has a unique pathophysiology and clinical characteristics, so it is best considered as a discrete genetic subgroup. People with GCK-MODY have a defect in glucose sensing; hence, glucose homeostasis is maintained at a higher set point resulting in mild, asymptomatic fasting hyperglycemia (5.4-8.3 mmol/L, HbA1c range 5.8-7.6% [40-60 mmol/mol]), which is present from birth and shows slight deterioration with age. Even after 50 years of mild hyperglycemia, people with GCK-MODY do not develop significant microvascular complications, and the prevalence of macrovascular complications is probably similar to that in the general population. Treatment is not recommended outside pregnancy because glucose-lowering therapy is ineffective in people with GCK-MODY and there is a lack of long-term complications. In pregnancy, fetal growth is primarily determined by whether the fetus inherits the GCK gene mutation from their mother. Insulin treatment of the mother is only appropriate when increased fetal abdominal growth on scanning suggests the fetus is unaffected. The impact on outcome of maternal insulin treatment is limited owing to the difficulty in altering maternal glycemia in these patients. Making the diagnosis of GCK-MODY through genetic testing is essential to avoid unnecessary treatment and investigations, especially when patients are misdiagnosed with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. © 2015 by the American Diabetes Association.
Eosinophilic/T-cell chorionic vasculitis: Histological and clinical correlations; Eosinophilic T-cell chorionic vasculitis (E/TCV) is composed of eosinophils and T-lymphocytes originating within chorionic vessels, radiating toward the intervillous space and away from the amnion in a fashion different from the fetal vascular response seen in amnionitis. Clinical significance and risk factors are not well established. We report four pregnancies (five infants, one triplet was spared) with E/TCV, gestational ranging from 23 weeks to term. All had concurrent acute chorioamnionitis, three had the typical acute fetal inflammatory response. One had placental fetal obstructive vasculopathy and an upper extremity reduction defect (radio-ulnar synostosis), the mother had pre-eclampsia. A second case involved 2 of 3 23 week previable triplets. Our third case had a metatarsus varus resistant to casting, the mother had gestational diabetes. The last case was a normal infant. We review the literature, discuss the clinical findings and present the histologic characteristics of this infrequently recognized lesion. Copyright © 2015 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc.
The offspring of the diabetic mother - Short- and long-term implications; In the 1980s, David Barker and Colleagues proposed that the major causes of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases have their roots in early development. There is now robust evidence that an hyperglycemic intrauterine environment is responsible not only for significant short-term morbidity in the fetus and the neonate but also for an increased risk of developing diabetes as well as other chronic, noncommunicable diseases at adulthood. The risk is higher in pregestational diabetes, but unrecognized and/or poorly managed gestational diabetes (GDM) may have similar consequences. Although a relatively clear picture of the pathogenesis of the fetal and neonatal complications of maternal diabetes and of their interrelationship is available today, the intimate molecular mechanisms involved in the long term are far from being understood. While the rate of GDM is sharply increasing in association with the pandemic of obesity and of type 2 diabetes over the world, we review here the current understanding of short- and long-term outcomes of fetuses exposed to a diabetic environment. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cerebral arteriovenous malformation and pregnancy; Objective — to optimize pregnancy and delivery management tactics in female patients with cerebral arteriovenous malforma-tion. Subject and methods. The course of pregnancy and labor and perinatal outcomes were retrospectively and prospectively analyzed in 17 pregnant women with cerebral arteriovenous malformation. All the patients underwent conventional clinical and laboratory examinations, hemostatic system study, thrombophilia screening, and instrumental studies of the central nervous system, such as computed tomography, magnetic resonance imaging, and electroencephalography. All the patients were exam-ined by a neurosurgeon, a neurologist, an oculist, and an anesthetist who together created a pregnancy and labor management plan. Results. Surgical treatment was performed in 7 patients with hemorrhagic stroke and in 3 patients with cerebral arteriove-nous malformation before the current pregnancy. The latter was accompanied by gestational complications (pernicious vomiting, threatened miscarriage, fetoplacental insufficiency, moderate preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus). Cesarean section was the delivery method of choice (70.6%). The status of all the neonates, but one who had been born with congenital malformation (spina bifida), was satisfactory. The postpartum follow-up of all the patients lasted 5 years. There were no cases of progressive neurological symptomatology. Conclusion. This cohort of pregnant women is a group at high risk for severe obstetric complications and possible intracranial hemorrhage particularly when there are pregnancy-specific circulating blood volume increases and hemostatic changes. These patients should be jointly managed by obstetricians/gynecologists, neurosurgeons, anesthetists, and neuroresuscitators. A delivery mode should be also chosen jointly. © 2015, Media Sphera Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy Risks Associated with Obesity; Obesity has increased dramatically in the United States over the last several decades, with approximately 40% of pregnant women now considered overweight or obese. Obesity has been shown to be associated with numerous poor pregnancy outcomes, including increased rates of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, fetal macrosomia, stillbirth, postterm pregnancy, and increased rates of cesarean delivery. Many of these complications have been found to increase even further with increasing body mass index in a dose-response fashion. In this review, the association of obesity with maternal, fetal, and pregnancy outcomes is discussed as are the recommendations for caring for the obese gravida. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.
Aortic stiffness and cardiovascular risk in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life, but the mechanism remains unclear. The aim of the study was to investigate indices of glucose metabolism, dyslipidemia, and arterial stiffness (as measured by pulse wave velocity (PWV)), in women with and without a history of GDM, using both the old WHO and new IADPSG diagnostic criteria, at 5 years after the index pregnancy. Dyslipidemia and PWV were used as surrogate markers for CVD risk. The population-based prospective cohort included 300 women from the original STORK study. All participants had an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy. Five years later, the OGTT was repeated along with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, lipid analysis, and PWV analysis. Measurements were compared between those women who did and did not have GDM based on both the WHO and IADPSG criteria. We found that women with GDM based on the old WHO criteria had higher CVD risk at 5 years than those without GDM, with markedly elevated PWV and more severe dyslipidemia (higher triglycerides (TG)/HDL cholesterol ratio). After adjusting for known risk factors, the most important predictors for elevated PWV and TG/HDL-C ratio at 5-year follow-up were maternal age, BMI, GDM, systolic blood pressure, and indices of glucose metabolism in the index pregnancy. In conclusion, we found a higher risk for CVD, based on the surrogate markers PWV and TG/HDL-C ratio, at 5-year follow-up in women diagnosed with GDM in the index pregnancy when using the old WHO diagnostic criteria. Copyright © 2015 Lekva et al.
Obesity in pregnancy; The prevalence of obesity has reached alarming proportions globally, and continues to rise in both developed and developing countries. Maternal obesity has become one of the most commonly occurring risk factors in obstetric practice. The 2003 e2005 report of the Confidential Enquiries into Maternal Deaths in the United Kingdom highlighted obesity as a significant risk for maternal death [1]. More than half of all women who died from direct or indirect causes were either overweight or obese. For the mother, obesity increases the risk of obstetric complications during the antenatal, intrapartum and postnatal period, as well as contributing to technical difficulties with fetal assessment. The offspring of obese mothers also have a higher rate of perinatal morbidity and an increased risk of longeterm health problems. © 2014 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and cancer, immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases: A population-based cohort study; Background & Aims: Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is the most common liver disease in pregnancy. It is associated with hepatobiliary diseases that might predispose to cancer and also with gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. In this study, we examined associations between ICP and cancer, and immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases. Methods: By linking the Swedish Medical Birth Register and the Swedish Patient Register, we identified 11,388 women with ICP and 113,893 matched womenwithout ICP who gave birth between 1973 and 2009. Diagnoses of cancer and immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases both before and after delivery were obtained from the Patient Register. The main outcome measures were hazard ratios (HRs), calculated through Cox regression, for the indicated diseases after delivery. Results: ICP was not associated with later overall cancer (HR 1.07, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.94-1.21), but it was associated with later liver and biliary tree cancer (HR 3.61, 95% CI 1.68-7.77, and 2.62, 95% CI 1.26-5.46, respectively). ICP was also associated with later immune-mediated diseases (HR 1.28, 95% CI 1.19-1.38), and specifically diabetes mellitus (HR 1.47, 95% CI 1.26-1.72), thyroid disease (HR 1.30, 95% CI 1.14-1.47), psoriasis (HR 1.27, 95% CI 1.07-1.51), inflammatory polyarthropathies (HR 1.32, 95% CI 1.11-1.58) and Crohn's disease (HR 1.55, 95% CI 1.14-2.10), but not ulcerative colitis (HR 1.21, 95% CI 0.93-1.58). Women with ICP also had a small increased risk of later cardiovascular disease (HR 1.12, 95% CI 1.06-1.19). Conclusions:Women with ICP have increased risk of later hepatobiliary cancer and immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases. © 2015 European Association for the Study of the Liver. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Society for maternal and fetal medicine workshop on pregnancy as a window to future health: Clinical utility of classifying women with metabolic syndrome; Women with preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and obesity during pregnancy are at risk for medical complications later in life. Therefore, practitioners should identify those who can benefit from early diagnosis and interventions. Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of risk factors including hypertension, elevated triglycerides, low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, glucose intolerance, and obesity, which also identifies those at risk for cardiovascular disease. Taking the time to classify women with the metabolic syndrome does not necessarily offer risk stratification superior to that offered by identifying the individual components. This article will offer conclusions regarding the need for busy obstetrician/gynecologists to make this classification. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.
"Heart, arteries and women" an innovative care pathway for women at high risk: First evaluation at one year; Introduction: Cardiovascular diseases remain the first cause of death in women. To improve women's health cardiologists and gynaecologists should work together on women's specific cardiovascular risk factor. Method: Our study evaluated a care pathway named "heart, arteries and women". One hundred and ninety-one women were included for vascular (n= 55) or hypertensive (n= 136) explorations from January the first to December the 31st of 2013. We studied their clinical presentation and medical management. Results: All women were at high cardiovascular risk (38% of them at very high risk). The average age was 52 years old. A woman on three had experienced high blood pressure or diabetes during pregnancy. One on two was postmenopausal woman. We stopped twelve estrogen-progesterone contraceptions; 60% didn't have gynaecological follow-up; 146 had high blood pressures (73% at night, 50% had no dipping blood pressure profile and 15 were newly diagnosed for hypertension). Sleep apnoea syndrome was suspected in half women. Medical therapies were optimized especially for women with atheroma in which 30 to 46% were properly treated (. P=. 0.0005). Only 18% of the gynecologists received conclusive reports. Conclusion: At one year, our care pathway "heart, arteries and women" allowed to optimize medical therapy and clinical management. Everyone should be aware of this program. © 2015.
Diabetes mellitus in sub-Saharan Africa: Epidemiological and socioeconomic aspects; Sub-Saharan Africa still characterized by poverty and communicable diseases, inadequate number of infrastructures and healthcare workers, have to tackle the burden of diabetes mellitus. Although the data are insufficient, prevalence and number of cases, estimated respectively at 4.8% and 19.1 million will increase by year 2035 to 5.7% and 41.4 million respectively; an increase of 109% compared to 55% in the rest of the world. The data are poor for type 1 diabetes and gestational diabetes. Nevertheless, ignorance of cases and delays in diagnosis, often linked to some social and cultural particularities, lead to dramatic chronic complications such as retinopathy (7 to 63%), nephropathy (10 to 83%), peripheral neuropathy (27 to 66%) and coronary heart disease (4 to 23%). Morbidity and mortality of diabetes due to these complications result to high costs for patients, families, society. Therefore, sustained and appropriate strategies for treatment and/or prevention of the disease have to be implemented.
Relationship between mean platelet volume and vitamin D deficiency in gestational diabetes mellitus; To investigate whether vitamin D deficiency is associated with high mean platelet volume (MPV) in pregnancies diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to healthy pregnancies. Subjects and methods: This study included 200 pregnant women. 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 (25(OH)D3) and MPV values were monitored between pregnant women with GDM and normal glucose metabolism. Correlation between 25(OH)D3 and MPV was calculated both in GDM and healthy pregnancies. Both 25(OH)D3 level in different MPV percentile (≤ 50, 50-75, 75-90, ≥ 90 percentile) and MPV value in different 25(OH)D3 level (≤ 10, 10-20, ≥ 20 ng/mL) were calculated. Results: Low 25(OH) D3 level and high MPV were observed both in GDM group (p = 0.007, p = 0.06, respectively) and in glucose metabolism disorders (GMD) group (p = 0.03, p = 0.04, respectively).There was no significant relationship between 25(OH)D3 and MPV in healthy pregnancies. Whereas, it is observed that there is a negative, but statistically insignificant correlation between MPV and 25(OH)D3 pregnant women with GMD (r = 0.1, r = -0.7, respectively). MPV values had significantly higher in vitamin D deficient group than pregnant women with normal 25(OH)D3 level in GMD group (p = 0.04).The optimal 25(OH) D3 cut off point for predicting future cardiovascular risk was 10.4 ng/ mL (area under curve (AUC) = 0.58). Conclusions: Vitamin D deficiency may contribute to an increased risk for future cardiovascular diseases and a risk of thrombotic complications in pregnant women with GDM. © 2015, Sociedade Brasileira de Endocrinologia e Metabologia. All rights reserved.
Noncoding RNAs and the control of signalling via nuclear receptor regulation in health and disease; Nuclear receptors belong to a superfamily of proteins that play central roles in human biology, orchestrating a large variety of biological functions in both health and disease. Understanding the interactions and regulatory pathways of NRs will allow development of potential therapeutic interventions for a multitude of disease processes. Non-coding RNAs have recently been discovered to have significant interactions with NR signalling pathways via a variety of biological connections. This review summarises the known interactions between ncRNAs and the NR superfamily in health, embryogenesis and a plethora of human diseases. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd.
Neurodevelopment of two-year-old children exposed to metformin and insulin in gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To compare cognitive, language, and motor skills and results of neurological examination in 2-year-old children born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus treated with metformin with those treated with insulin. Method: The children of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus randomized to metformin (n = 75) or insulin (n = 71) treatment during pregnancy were examined by standardized developmental and neurological measures; the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development (Bayley-III) and the Hammersmith Infant Neurological Examination. Results: There were no significant differences between the metformin and insulin groups in the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development (Bayley-III) test of cognitive scale (p =.12), receptive communication (p =.14) or expressive communication (p =.75), fine motor scale (p =.10) or gross motor scale (p =.13), or the global scores of Hammersmith Infant Neurological Examination (p =.14). None of the children had a clinically significant developmental problem. However, compared with age-adjusted norms, a trend for weaker language performance was observed in both study groups. Conclusion: No differences in neurodevelopmental outcome were seen in 2-year-old children born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treated with insulin or metformin during pregnancy. The results suggest that children born to mothers with GDM and exposed to metformin in utero do not systematically need extensive formal neurodevelopmental assessment in early childhood. © 2015 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Transient diabetes insipidus in pregnancy; Gestational diabetes insipidus (DI) is a rare complication of pregnancy, usually developing in the third trimester and remitting spontaneously 4–6 weeks post-partum. It is mainly caused by excessive vasopressinase activity, an enzyme expressed by placental trophoblasts which metabolises arginine vasopressin (AVP). Its diagnosis is challenging, and the treatment requires desmopressin. A 38-year-old Chinese woman was referred in the 37th week of her first single-gestation due to polyuria, nocturia and polydipsia. She was known to have gestational diabetes mellitus diagnosed in the second trimester, wellcontrolled with diet. Her medical history was unremarkable. Physical examination demonstrated decreased skin turgor; her blood pressure was 102/63 mmHg, heart rate 78 beats/min and weight 53 kg (BMI 22.6 kg/m2). Laboratory data revealed low urine osmolality 89 mOsmol/kg (350–1000), serum osmolality 293 mOsmol/kg (278–295), serum sodium 144 mmol/l (135–145), potassium 4.1 mmol/l (3.5–5.0), urea 2.2 mmol/l (2.5–6.7), glucose 3.5 mmol/l and HbA1c 5.3%. Bilirubin, alanine transaminase, alkaline phosphatase and full blood count were normal. The patient was started on desmopressin with improvement in her symptoms, and normalisation of serum and urine osmolality (280 and 310 mOsmol/kg respectively). A fetus was delivered at the 39th week without major problems. After delivery, desmopressin was stopped and she had no further evidence of polyuria, polydipsia or nocturia. Her sodium, serum/urine osmolality at 12-weeks post-partum were normal. A pituitary magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed the neurohypophyseal T1-bright spot situated ectopically, with a normal adenohypophysis and infundibulum. She remains clinically well, currently breastfeeding, and off all medication. This case illustrates some challenges in the diagnosis and management of transient gestational DI. © 2015 The authors.
Delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant and risk of maternal cardiovascular disease - a population-based record linkage study; Background: Delivery of small for gestational age (SGA) infants has been associated with increased risk of future maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, whether the risk increases progressively with the greater severity of SGA and number of SGA infants has not been explored. Methods: A population-based record linkage study was conducted among 812,732 women delivering live born, singleton infants at term between 1994 and 2011 in New South Wales, Australia. Birth records were linked to the mothers' subsequent hospitalisation or death records to identify CVD events (coronary heart disease, cerebrovascular events, and chronic heart failure) after a median of 7.4 years. Cox proportional hazard regression was used to estimate adjusted hazard ratios (AHR) [95% confidence interval (CI)] for the associations between the severity (moderate or extreme) of SGA and number of SGA infants and subsequent risk of maternal CVD, accounting for maternal age at last birth, socioeconomic status, parity, smoking, (pre-gestational and gestational) diabetes, and (chronic and pregnancy) hypertension. Results: Compared to mothers of non-SGA infants, AHRs [95%CI] of CVD among mothers of moderately and extremely SGA infants were 1.36 [1.23-1.49], and 1.66 [1.47-1.87], respectively, while AHRs among mothers with 1, 2, and ≥3 SGA infants were 1.42 [1.30-1.54], 1.65 [1.34-2.03], and 2.42 [1.52-3.85], respectively, indicating a dose-response relationship. AHRs of specific CVD categories showed a similar pattern. Conclusions: Delivery of an SGA infant was associated with a dose-dependent increase in the risk of maternal CVD according to both the severity of SGA and number of previous SGA infants. © 2015 Australian and New Zealand Society of Cardiac and Thoracic Surgeons (ANZSCTS) and the Cardiac Society of Australia and New Zealand (CSANZ).
Asymmetric dimethylarginine is associated with high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and early carotid atherosclerosis in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; Asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) is increased in subjects with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between serum ADMA levels and early carotid atherosclerosis in women with history of GDM. A total of 42 normoglycemic women with previous GDM and 42 age-matched healthy controls were enrolled. Serum levels of ADMA, lipids, insulin, fasting and 2-h glucose following 75-g oral glucose tolerance test, and high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) were measured. Carotid atherosclerosis was evaluated by ultrasonographically determined intima-media thickness (IMT). Serum ADMA and hsCRP were higher in women with previous GDM compared to the healthy controls (0.72 ± 0.16 vs. 0.41 ± 0.15 μmol/L, p < 0.001; 1.81 ± 0.32 vs. 1.05 ± 0.26 mg/L, p < 0.001; respectively). Carotid IMT was also increased in the previous GDM group (0.77 ± 0.14 vs. 0.52 ± 0.13 mm, p < 0.001). In women with previous GDM, ADMA was positively correlated with hsCRP (r = 41, p < 0.001) and carotid IMT (r = 0.38, p < 0.001). Multiple linear regression analysis revealed that ADMA was a significant predictor for elevated carotid IMT in subjects with previous GDM after adjusting for traditional risk factors (β = 0.26, p = 0.017). Our data demonstrated that serum ADMA was associated with hsCRP and carotid IMT in normoglycemic women with previous GDM. © 2014, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Blood group AB is protective factor for gestational diabetes mellitus: A prospective population-based study in Tianjin, China; Background: The ABO blood types are associated with cancers, cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes mellitus but whether they are also associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is unknown. We examined the relationship between the ABO blood types and the risk of GDM in a prospective population-based Chinese cohort. Methods: From 2010 to 2012, we recruited 14 198 pregnant women within the first 12 weeks of gestation in Tianjin, China. All women had a glucose challenge test (GCT) at 24-28 gestational weeks, followed by a 75-g 2-h oral glucose tolerance test if the results from GCT were ≥7.8 mmol/L. GDM was diagnosed based on the glucose cut-points of the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group criteria. Logistic regression was used to obtain odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) adjusted for traditional risk factors. Stratified analysis was performed by family history of diabetes (yes versus no). Sensitivity analyses were also performed by using the World Health Organization (WHO) criteria for GDM. Results: Women with blood groups A, B or O (i.e. non-AB) were associated with increased risk of GDM as compared with those with blood group AB (adjusted OR: 1.44, 95% CI: 1.13-1.83). Sensitivity analyses showed that the result was consistent using WHO criteria. The adjusted OR of blood group non-AB versus AB for GDM was enhanced among women with a family history of diabetes (2.69, 1.21-5.96) and attenuated among those without (1.33, 1.03-1.71). Conclusions: Blood group AB was a protective factor against GDM in pregnant Chinese women. © 2015 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Women with a history of gestational diabetes on long-term follow up have normal vascular function despite more dysglycemia, dyslipidemia and adiposity; Aims: Previous gestational diabetes (GDM) is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes and increased metabolic risk, but the link with vascular dysfunction is not clear. This study examined vascular function in women 4-10 years after a diagnosis of GDM who had a normal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in the first postpartum year. Methods: We studied 90 women with a history of GDM and 59 age-matched controls, examining differences in insulin resistance as measured by the Homeostatic Model Assessment (HOMA-IR) and glucose responses during an OGTT, adiposity, lipid profile and C-reactive protein (CRP). Using pulse wave analysis, we also measured cardiac function, vascular compliance, and systemic vascular resistance. Results: Women with a history of GDM had higher measures of adiposity (body mass index 28.9±6.5 vs. 26.6±6.9 kg/m2, P=0.04, waist-hip ratio 0.85±0.06 vs. 0.79±0.07, P<0.001), dyslipidemia (LDL cholesterol 2.78±0.64 vs. 2.41±0.56mmol/L, P<0.001, total cholesterol: HDL cholesterol 3.93±1.2 vs. 3.21±0.82mmol/L, P<0.001) and abnormal glucose metabolism (50% vs. 12%, P<0.001). However, there was no difference in CRP, HOMA-IR, or measures of cardiovascular function including pulse rate, pulse pressure, mean arterial pressure, cardiac output, systemic vascular resistance, small and large artery elasticity index. After controlling for adiposity, blood pressure, lipids and CRP, glycemic status did not contribute to vascular function. Conclusion: Despite a higher incidence of adiposity, dyslipidemia, and impaired glycemia, women with a history of GDM who had a normal postpartum OGTT did not have impaired vascular function 4-10 years postpartum, when compared to healthy controls. © 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Cardiovascular risk factors in Chinese women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) are at increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases compared with normal women. This study aimed to evaluate the cardiovascular risk factors in Chinese women with GDM. Methods: 453 women with GDM (cases) and 1,180 healthy women (controls) were included in this study. The post-partum examinations included 2 h 75 g oral glucose tolerance tests, lipid profiles, anthropometric measurements (blood pressure, height, weight) and documentation of medical history, diet, and lifestyle. Results: Compared with controls, the risks of abnormal glucose metabolism, obesity, hypertension, metabolic syndrome in women with a history of GDM were 4.61, 1.30, 1.57 and 3.52, respectively. Fasting blood glucose, progestational body mass index (pBMI) and antenatal insulin resistance at antenatal visit were predictors for abnormal glucose metabolism. pBMI and antenatal diastolic blood pressure were predictors for hypertension. pBMI and weight gain during pregnancy were predictors for obesity/overweight. pBMI, antenatal systolic blood pressure and antenatal triglyceride were predictors for metabolic syndrome. Conclusions: Women with a history of GDM have increased rates of cardiovascular disease risk factors including abnormal glucose metabolism, obesity, hypertension, metabolic syndrome. pBMI is the common independent predictors of cardiometabolic disease in the post-partum. © 2015, E-Century Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved.
Type 1, type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus differentially impact placental pathologic characteristics of uteroplacental malperfusion; Introduction During a pregnancy complicated by diabetes, the placenta undergoes a number of functional and structural pathologic changes. However, differences across studies may reflect pathophysiologic differences of diabetes types under investigation. Methods We examined placental pathology from women ages 18-40 years with self-identified race/ethnicity; singleton, live births; and type 1 (T1DM; n = 36), type 2 (T2DM; n = 37), or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM; n = 126). Clinical data were abstracted from medical records. Placental diagnoses were independently re-reviewed by a perinatal pathologist. Multivariable analyses adjusting for race, gestational weight gain, gestational age, and systolic blood pressure were conducted. Results Women with T1DM compared with either T2DM or GDM had higher gestational weight gain (mean ± SD, T1DM vs. T2DM: 28.5 ± 12.4 vs. 20.5 ± 13.4 kg, p = 0.03; or GDM: 21.3 ± 12.7 kg, p = 0.009) and insulin use (T2DM: 100.0% vs. 85.3%, p = 0.02; or GDM: 4.0%, p < 0.001). Women with T1DM compared with either T2DM or GDM also had a similarly lower prevalence of placental infarcts in univariate analyses; however, these findings did not remain significant after multivariable adjustment. Also, placentas from women with T2DM compared to GDM had higher rates of decidual vasculopathy when excluding women with preeclampsia (10.3 vs. 1.6%, p = 0.049) and diffuse chorangiosis (62.2 vs. 32.5%, p < 0.001) but a lower rate of villous immaturity (10.8 vs. 90.5%, p = 0.007) after full adjustment. Discussion Placental vasculopathic abnormalities differ by maternal diabetes type, potentially reflecting underlying pathophysiologic mechanisms. Further research on placental pathology and metabolic derangements is warranted. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Maternal diabetes and cognitive performance in the offspring: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: Diabetes during gestation is one of the most common pregnancy complications associated with adverse health effects for the mother and the child. Maternal diabetes has been proposed to negatively affect the cognitive abilities of the child, but experimental research assessing its impact is conflicting. The main aim of our study was to compare the cognitive function in children of diabetic and healthy pregnant women. Methods: A systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted through a literature search using different electronic databases from the index date to January 31, 2015. We included studies that assessed the cognitive abilities in children (up to 14 years) of diabetic and non-diabetic mothers using standardized and validated neuropsychological tests. Results: Of 7,698 references reviewed, 12 studies involving 6,140 infants met our inclusion criteria and contributed to meta-analysis. A random effect model was used to compute the standardized mean differences and 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated. Infants (1-2 years) of diabetic mothers had significantly lower scores of mental and psychomotor development compared to control infants. The effect size for mental development was -0.41 (95% CI -0.59, -0.24; p<0.0001) and for psychomotor development was -0.31 (95% CI -0.55, -0.07; p = 0.0125) with non-significant heterogeneity. Diabetes during pregnancy could be associated with decreased intelligence quotient scores in school-age children, although studies showed significant heterogeneity. Conclusion: The association between maternal diabetes and deleterious effects on mental/psychomotor development and overall intellectual function in the offspring must be taken with caution. Results are based on observational cohorts and a direct causal influence of intrauterine hyperglycemia remains uncertain. Therefore, more trials that include larger populations are warranted to elucidate whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has a negative impact on offspring central nervous system (CNS). © 2015 Camprubi Robles et al. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Proyecto Mamá: A lifestyle intervention in overweight and obese Hispanic women: A randomised controlled trial - study protocol; Background: The proportion of women entering pregnancy overweight or obese has been rising and, in turn, is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. Gestational weight gain (GWG) exceeding Institute of Medicine (IOM) guidelines further increases health risks and has been independently associated with postpartum weight retention. Hispanic women are disproportionately affected by overweight and obesity, but have had limited access to interventions that promote healthy lifestyles due to cultural, socioeconomic, and language barriers. Therefore, the overall goal of this randomized controlled trial is to test the efficacy of a culturally and linguistically modified, individually-tailored lifestyle intervention to reduce excess GWG, increase postpartum weight loss, and improve maternal metabolic status among overweight/obese Hispanic women. Methods/Design: Overweight/obese Hispanic women are recruited in early pregnancy and randomly assigned to a Lifestyle Intervention (n=150) or a Comparison Health and Wellness (control) intervention (n=150). Multimodal contacts (i.e., in-person, telephone counseling, and mailed print-based materials) are used to deliver the intervention from early pregnancy (12 weeks gestation) to 6 months postpartum, with follow-up to 1 year postpartum. Targets of the intervention are to achieve IOM Guidelines for GWG and postpartum weight loss; American Congress of Obstetrician and Gynecologist guidelines for physical activity; and American Diabetes Association guidelines for diet. The intervention draws from Social Cognitive Theory and the Transtheoretical Model and includes strategies to address the specific social, cultural, and economic challenges faced by low-income Hispanic women. Assessments are conducted at baseline (~10 weeks gestation), mid pregnancy (24-28 weeks gestation), late pregnancy (32-34 weeks gestation) and postpartum at 6-weeks, 6-months, and 12-months by bicultural and bilingual personnel blinded to the intervention arm. Efficacy is assessed via GWG, postpartum weight loss, and biomarkers of glycemic control, insulin resistance, and cardiovascular disease risk factors. Changes in physical activity and diet are measured via 7-day accelerometer data and 24-h dietary recalls at each assessment time period. Discussion: Hispanic women are the fastest growing minority group in the U.S. and are disproportionately affected by overweight and obesity. This randomised trial uses a high-reach, low-cost strategy that can readily be translated into clinical practice in underserved and minority populations. © 2015 Chasan-Taber et al.
Previous gestational diabetes history is associated with impaired coronary flow reserve; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prediabetic state that is known to increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases. We have investigated coronary flow velocity reserve (CFVR) and epicardial fat thickness (EFT), and left ventricular diastolic function in patients with a history of previous GDM (p-GDM).Methods Ninety-three women with GDM history and 95 healthy women without GDM history were recruited. We used transthoracic Doppler echocardiography to assess CFVR, EFT, and left ventricular diastolic function. Insulin resistance of each subject was assessed with homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Hemoglobin A1c and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) were also measured in all patients.Results CFVR values were significantly lower (2.34 ± 0.39 versus 2.80 ± 0.24, p < 0.001) and EFT values were significantly higher in patients with p-GDM than the control group (5.5 ± 1.3 versus 4.3 ± 1.1, p < 0.001). E/E' ratio (7.21 ± 1.77 versus 6.53 ± 1.38, p = 0.003), hemoglobin A1c (5.2 ± 0.4 and 5.0 ± 0.3, p = 0.001), HOMA-IR (2.8 ± 1.4 versus 1.7 ± 0.9, p = 0.04), and hsCRP levels were significantly higher in the p-GDM group than the control group. Multivariate analysis revealed that gestational diabetes history is independently associated with CFVR.Conclusion Women with a GDM history may be at more risk regarding coronary microvascular dysfunction compared to the healthy ones.Key MessagesWhat is already known about this subject?Impairment of CFVR reflects coronary microvascular dysfunction and has been shown to be an early manifestation of atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease.Several studies have shown an association between p-GDM and atherosclerosis by measuring intima-media thickness.What are new findings?This preliminary study on coronary microvascular function of patients with p-GDM revealed that CFVR is significantly impaired in p-GDM patients.Although the number of patients included in this study is limited, these results suggest that impaired CFVR may be an early manifestation of coronary vascular involvement in patients with p-GDM.How might it impact on clinical practice in the foreseeable future?In patients with p-GDM, the presence of impaired CFVR should render the clinician aware of the development of coronary artery disease. © 2015 Taylor & Francis.
Cardiovascular complications of pregnancy; Pregnancy causes significant metabolic and hemodynamic changes in a woman’s physiology to allow for fetal growth. The inability to adapt to these changes might result in the development of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (hypertension, preeclampsia or eclampsia), gestational diabetes and preterm birth. Contrary to previous beliefs these complications are not limited to the pregnancy period and may leave permanent vascular and metabolic damage. There is in addition, a direct association between these disorders and increased risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD, including hypertension, ischemic heart disease, heart failure and stroke) and diabetes mellitus. Despite abundant evidence of this association, women who present with these complications of pregnancy do not receive adequate postpartum follow up and counseling regarding their increased risk of future CVD. The postpartum period in these women represents a unique opportunity to intervene with lifestyle modifications designed to reduce the development of premature cardiovascular complications. In some cases it allows early diagnosis and treatment of chronic hypertension or diabetes mellitus. The awareness of this relationship is growing in the medical community, especially among obstetricians and primary care physicians, who play a pivotal role in detecting these complications and assuring appropriate follow up. © 2015 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Bazedoxifene blocks ages-rage-induced superoxide generation and MCP-1 level in endothelial cells; Advanced glycation endproducts (AGEs) and their receptor (RAGE) play a role in vascular complications in diabetes. We have previously shown that 17 β-estradiol at 10 nmol/l, a nearly identical plasma concentration to that during mid-pregnancy, up-regulates RAGE expression in endothelial cells. The finding might suggest the involvement of 17 β-estradiol in the deterioration of vascular complications in diabetes during pregnancy. However, the effects of the selective estrogen receptor modulator, bazedoxifene, on oxidative and inflammatory reactions in AGEs-exposed endothelial cells remain unknown. In this study, we addressed the issue. Ten nmol/l 17 β-estradiol increased RAGE and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) gene and protein expression in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs), both of which were blocked by 10 nmol/l bazedoxifene. Bazedoxifene at 10 nmol/l also significantly inhibited the AGEs-induced superoxide generation, RAGE and MCP-1 gene and protein expression in HUVECs. The present study suggests that blockade of the AGEs - RAGE axis by bazedoxifene might be a novel therapeutic target for preventing vascular damage in diabetes, especially in postmenopausal women. © 2014 International Menopause Society.
Committee opinion no. 650: Physical activity and exercise during pregnancy and the postpartum period; Physical activity in all stages of life maintains and improves cardiorespiratory fitness, reduces the risk of obesity and associated comorbidities, and results in greater longevity. Physical activity in pregnancy has minimal risks and has been shown to benefit most women, although some modification to exercise routines may be necessary because of normal anatomic and physiologic changes and fetal requirements. Women with uncomplicated pregnancies should be encouraged to engage in aerobic and strength-conditioning exercises before, during, and after pregnancy. Obstetrician-gynecologists and other obstetric care providers should carefully evaluate women with medical or obstetric complications before making recommendations on physical activity participation during pregnancy. Although frequently prescribed, bed rest is only rarely indicated and, in most cases, allowing ambulation should be considered. Regular physical activity during pregnancy improves or maintains physical fitness, helps with weight management, reduces the risk of gestational diabetes in obese women, and enhances psychologic well-being. An exercise program that leads to an eventual goal of moderate-intensity exercise for at least 20-30 minutes per day on most or all days of the week should be developed with the patient and adjusted as medically indicated. Additional research is needed to study the effects of exercise on pregnancy-specific outcomes and to clarify the most effective behavioral counseling methods, and the optimal intensity and frequency of exercise. Similar work is needed to create an improved evidence base concerning the effects of occupational physical activity on maternal-fetal health. © 2015 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Maternal exposure to diets containing flaxseed flour or flaxseed oil during pregnancy and lactation protects the aortic remodeling in adult male offspring of diabetic rat dams; BACKGROUND: Diabetes during pregnancy is associated with cardiovascular complications in the fetus and extends into adulthood. Therapeutic applications of flaxseed have been studied in cardiovascular disorders, because its oilseed is the best plant source of omega-3 fatty acid, which is currently considered by researchers to be an essential protective against cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of flaxseed flour and oil on cardiovascular biochemical parameters and the histoarchitecture of the aorta in adult rats which were offspring of diabetic mothers. RESULTS: At 100 days of age in offspring it was observed that maternal consumption of a high-fat diet containing flaxseed oil (FOG) and flaxseed flour (FFG) did not affect the serum concentration of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, vascular endothelial growth factor, cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density-, low-density- or very-low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol. However, the thickness of the intima media layer of the aorta was significantly smaller in FOG and FFG groups; the lumen area was similar among the groups; and a higher percentage of elastic fiber was found in FOG and FFG groups. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that the use of both flaxseed flour and its oil reduces the remodeling of the aorta; however; it has not been possible to modify the cardiovascular biochemical parameters. © 2014 Society of Chemical Industry.
Acute presentation of gestational diabetes insipidus with pre-eclampsia complicated by cerebral vasoconstriction: A case report and review of the published work; Gestational diabetes insipidus (GDI) is a rare, self-limited complication of pregnancy. As it is related to excess placental vasopressinase enzyme activity, which is metabolized in the liver, GDI is more common in pregnancies complicated by conditions associated with liver dysfunction. We present a case of a 41-year-old woman at 38 weeks' gestation who presented with pre-eclampsia with severe features, including impaired liver function and renal insufficiency. Following cesarean section she was diagnosed with GDI, which was further complicated by cerebral vasoconstriction as demonstrated by magnetic resonance angiography. This case raises the possibility that cerebral vasoconstriction may be related to the cause of GDI. A high index of suspicion of GDI should be maintained in patients who present with typical signs and symptoms, especially in the setting of pregnancy complications associated with liver dysfunction. © 2015 The Authors. Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology Research © 2015 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Ambulatory blood pressure and its variability in adults born preterm; Supplemental Digital Content is available in the text. Adults born preterm have higher blood pressure (BP) than those born at term. Most studies have focused on preterm birth, and few have assessed BP variability, an independent risk factor of cardiovascular disease. We studied the association of preterm birth with 24-hour ambulatory BP, measured by an oscillometric device, in 42 young adults born early preterm (<34 weeks), 72 born late preterm (34-36 weeks), and 103 controls (≥37 weeks). Sleep was confirmed with accelerometry in 72.4% of subjects. The 24-hour systolic BP of adults born early preterm was 5.5 mm Hg higher (95% confidence interval, 1.9-9.3), awake systolic BP was 6.4 mm Hg higher (95% confidence interval, 2.8-10.1), and sleeping systolic BP was 2.9 mm Hg higher (95% confidence interval 0.3-7.5) when adjusted for age, sex, and use of accelerometry. The differences remained similar when adjusted for height, body mass index, physical activity, smoking, parental education, maternal body mass index, smoking during pregnancy, and gestational diabetes mellitus and attenuated slightly when adjusted for maternal hypertensive pregnancy disorders. Adults born early preterm also had higher BP variability as indicated by higher individual standard deviations of systolic BP and diastolic BP. Although our results were consistent with a dose-response relationship between shorter gestation and higher BP, the difference between the late preterm and term groups was not statistically significant. Our results suggest that the higher BP in adults born early preterm is present during both waking and sleeping hours, may be more pronounced during waking hours, and is accompanied by higher individual BP variability. © 2015 American Heart Association, Inc.
Does maternal race influence the short-term variation of the fetal heart rate? An historical cohort study; Objectives The main aim of this article was to analyze short-term variation (STV) of the fetal heart rate according to maternal race. The secondary aim was to study the baseline fetal heart rate according to this factor. Study design This single-center historical cohort study covered the period from November 2008 through December 2011 (n = 182). The inclusion criteria were: black women from sub-Saharan Africa or white European women, with a singleton pregnancy 34 weeks and fetal heart rate recorded by computerized analysis (Oxford Sonicaid System 8002) at a prenatal visit. The exclusion criteria were: medication likely to modify fetal heart rate, abnormal fetal heart rate tracing, and being in labor. A multiple linear regression analysis was used to study the association between maternal race and STV. Results STV was lower by 2.6 ms in fetuses of black women (n = 55) compared to those of white women (n = 127) (8.9 ± 2.1 ms vs. 11.4 ± 3.4 ms) (p < 0.001). The basal fetal heart rate was higher (p = 0.001), and the recording criteria were met less often for the black women (p = 0.04). After adjustment for maternal age, body mass index at the beginning of pregnancy, maternal cigarette smoking, parity, gestational diabetes, gestational age at the time of the fetal heart rate recording, and the time between the last meal and the recording, mean STV was lower by 3.1 ± 0.6 ms in fetuses of black compared with white women (p < 0.001). Conclusion STV is lower in fetuses of black women compared to those of white women in a low-risk population. A study of black and white women with high-risk pregnancies is necessary to assess the impact of medical practices on perinatal outcome after STV analysis. © 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Diabetes Mellitus in Peru; Background Peru is an upper medium-income developing country with an increasing prevalence of chronic diseases, including diabetes. Objective To review and describe the epidemiology, drivers, and diabetes care plan in Peru. Methods The medical literature was reviewed based on systematic searching of PubMed, Scielo, and various gray literature from the International Diabetes Federation, World Health Organization, and local Peruvian agencies. Findings In Peru, diabetes affects 7% of the population. Type 2 diabetes accounts for 96.8% of outpatients visits with this condition. Type 1 diabetes has an incidence of 0.4/100,000 per year, and gestational diabetes affects 16% of pregnancies. The prevalence of glucose intolerance is 8.11% and that of impaired fasting glucose 22.4%. The prevalence of overweight, obesity, and metabolic syndrome in adults is 34.7%, 17.5%, and 25%, respectively. Metabolic syndrome prevalence is greater in women and the elderly and at urban and low-altitude locations. Diabetes is the eighth cause of death, the sixth cause of blindness, and the leading cause of end-stage kidney disease and nontraumatic lower limb amputation. In Peru, diabetes accounts for 31.5% of acute myocardial infarctions and 25% of strokes. Infections, diabetic emergencies, and cardiovascular disorders are the main causes for admissions, with a mortality rate < 10%, mainly as a result of infections, chronic kidney disease, and stroke. Sixty-two percent of the population has health insurance coverage, with inequities in the distribution of health care personnel across the country. Less than 30% of treated patients have a hemoglobin A1c < 7%. Conclusions Diabetes is a major health care issue in Peru that exposes difficult challenges and shortcomings. The national strategy for tackling diabetes includes promotion of healthy lifestyles; training primary care physicians and providing them with evidence-based clinical practice guidelines, safe and effective medications, and tools for monitoring treatment; and, finally, construction of a comprehensive health care network for early referral in order to prevent, detect, and treat diabetic complications. © 2015 The Author. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Effects of maternal obesity on antenatal, perinatal and neonatal outcomes; Objective: Obesity is critically important to maternal and fetal health during the perinatal period. We have detected an increasing prevalence of maternal obesity in recent years and investigated its complications during pregnancy.Methods: A total of 931 pregnant females were investigated between March 2012 and March 2013. The patients were divided into four groups: body mass index (BMI) < 18.5 kg/m2 was underweight, 18.5-24.9 kg/m2 was normal weight, 25-29.9 kg/m2 was overweight and ≥30 kg/m2 was obese. The effects of obesity on fetal and maternal outcomes were investigated.Results: Significant increases in pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, cesarean delivery, premature rupture of membranes, shoulder dystocia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, abnormal heart rate pattern and postpartum infection rates were found in the obese group during the perinatal period. Adverse maternal effects in obese cases were significantly more frequent than those in normal-weight cases. Preterm birth, perinatal mortality, low APGAR scores, newborn intensive care unit requirement, hypoglycemia and macrosomia rates were significantly higher in obese cases than those in non-obese cases. However, low birth weight infant rate was higher in the low BMI cases than that in the other BMI categories (p < 0.01).Conclusion: We conclude that obesity is an important factor associated with pregnancy complications and the increase in maternal-fetal morbidity and mortality. © 2014 © 2014 Informa UK Ltd.
Keap1-Nrf2 regulated redox signaling in utero: Priming of disease susceptibility in offspring; Intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia or intrauterine growth restriction alters the redox status of the developing fetus. Such pregnancy-related diseases in most cases do not have a readily identifiable genetic cause, and epigenetic 'priming' mechanisms in utero may predispose both mother and child to later-life onset of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. The concept of 'fetal programing' or 'developmental priming' and its association with an increased risk of disease in childhood or adulthood has been reviewed extensively. This review focuses on adaptive changes in the in utero redox environment during normal pregnancy and the consequences of alterations in redox control associated with pregnancies characterized by oxidative stress. We evaluate the evidence that the Keap1-Nrf2 pathway is important for protecting the fetus against adverse conditions in utero and may itself be subject to epigenetic priming, potentially contributing to an increased risk of vascular disease and insulin resistance in later life. © 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparison of maternal morbidity and medical costs during pregnancy and delivery between patients with gestational diabetes and patients with pre-existing diabetes; Aims: To evaluate the effects of gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes on maternal morbidity and medical costs, using data from the Korea National Health Insurance Claims Database of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service. Methods: Delivery cases in 2010, 2011 and 2012 (459 842, 442 225 and 380 431 deliveries) were extracted from the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service database. The complications and medical costs were compared among the following three pregnancy groups: normal, gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes. Results: Although, the rates of pre-existing diabetes did not fluctuate (2.5, 2.4 and 2.7%) throughout the study, the rate of gestational diabetes steadily increased (4.6, 6.2 and 8.0%). Furthermore, the rates of pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes increased in conjunction with maternal age, pre-existing hypertension and cases of multiple pregnancy. The risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension, urinary tract infections, premature delivery, liver disease and chronic renal disease were greater in the gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes groups than in the normal group. The risk of venous thromboembolism, antepartum haemorrhage, shoulder dystocia and placenta disorder were greater in the pre-existing diabetes group, but not the gestational diabetes group, compared with the normal group. The medical costs associated with delivery, the costs during pregnancy and the number of in-hospital days for the subjects in the pre-existing diabetes group were the highest among the three groups. Conclusions: The study showed that the rates of pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes increased with maternal age at pregnancy and were associated with increases in medical costs and pregnancy-related complications. © 2014 The Authors. Diabetic Medicine published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Diabetes UK.
Antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy: High dimensional, propensity matched, population based cohort study; Objective To evaluate maternal medical and perinatal outcomes associated with antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy. Design High dimensional propensity score (HDPS) matched cohort study. Setting Multiple linked population health administrative databases in the entire province of Ontario, Canada. Participants Among women who delivered a singleton infant between 2003 and 2012, and who were eligible for provincially funded drug coverage, those with ≥2 consecutive prescriptions for an antipsychotic medication during pregnancy, at least one of which was filled in the first or second trimester, were selected. Of these antipsychotic drug users, 1021 were matched 1:1 with 1021 non-users by means of a HDPS algorithm. Main outcom e measures The main maternal medical outcomes were gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and venous thromboembolism. The main perinatal outcomes were preterm birth (37 weeks), and a birth weight 3rd or 97th centile. Conditional Poisson regression analysis was used to generate rate ratios and 95% confidence intervals, adjusting for additionally prescribed non-antipsychotic psychotropic medications. Results Compared with non-users, women prescribed an antipsychotic medication in pregnancy did not seem to be at higher risk of gestational diabetes (rate ratio 1.10 (95% CI 0.77to 1.57)), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (1.12 (0.70 to 1.78)), or venous thromboembolism (0.95 (0.40 to 2.27)). The preterm birth rate, though high among antipsychotic users (14.5%) and matched non-users (14.3%), was not relatively different (rate ratio 0.99 (0.78 to 1.26)). Neither birth weight 3rd centile or 97th centile was associated with antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy (rate ratios 1.21 (0.81 to 1.82) and 1.26 (0.69 to 2.29) respectively). Conclusions Antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy had minimal evident impact on important maternal medical and short term perinatal outcomes. However, the rate of adverse outcomes is high enough to warrant careful assessment of maternal and fetal wellbeing among women prescribed an antipsychotic drug in pregnancy. © BMJ Publishing Group Ltd 2015.
Stillbirth in the Pregnancy Complicated by Diabetes; Pregestational diabetes currently complicates 4 % of pregnancies, while gestational diabetes complicates approximately 8 % of pregnancies. Increased risk of stillbirth in diabetic pregnancies has been a well-known and recognized complication for decades. While stillbirth rates for diabetic pregnancies have decreased due to screening, treatment, and antenatal surveillance of these patients, about 4 % of all stillbirths remain attributable to diabetes, and diabetic pregnancies continue to be at increased risk for perinatal mortality. The purpose of this article is to review the literature on the epidemiology, pathophysiology, and prevention, as well as future research, of diabetes-associated perinatal mortality. © 2015, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Homocysteine levels in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Previous gestational diabetes (pGDM) is a risk factor of type 2 diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular diseases. Homocysteine is one of markers of cardiovascular risk. The aim of this study was to assess the homocysteine levels in women with pGDM and to evaluate its relationship with current carbohydrate metabolism and nourishment status. Methods: The study group comprised 199 women at 7.8 ± 1.0 years after pGDM and 50 control women in whom pGDM was excluded. The analyzed parameters: BMI, WHR, body composition (Tanita SC-330S analyzer), glucose and insulin levels in oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR), HbA1c, lipid profile, homocysteine, creatinine and creatinine clearance. The Mann-Whitney test and Chi-squared test were used for comparison of continuous and nominal variables, respectively. Correlations between continuous variables in each group were analyzed using Spearman's rank correlation coefficient (Rs). A logarithmic transformation was applied for variables with non-normal distribution. Results: There were no differences between the pGDM women and controls in terms of age, number of childbirths, time from indexed pregnancy, pre-pregnancy BMI, or current anthropometric parameters. In pGDM women HbA1c and all glucose levels in OGTT were significantly higher, but still within the normal range. No significant differences were found in homocysteine levels, HOMA-IR, blood lipids, creatinine and creatinine clearance. Homocysteine levels did not differ significantly in subgroups categorized according to the current OGTT results or BMI. Carbohydrate metabolism disorders, overweight and obesity were associated with higher creatinine clearance. Positive correlation between homocysteine and creatinine (r = 0.21, p < 0.004), and a negative correlation with creatinine clearance (r = -0.16, p < 0.03) were found. Conclusions: In women with pGDM, homocysteine is not a marker of glucose tolerance disturbances and cardiovascular risk. Increased glomerular filtration rate, observed in more severe disorders of carbohydrate metabolism and greater BMI, may temporarily protect against an increase of proatherogenic homocysteine. © 2015 Molęda et al.
Obstetric complications in carriers of the m.3243A>G mutation, a retrospective cohort study on maternal and fetal outcome; Introduction: The mitochondrial DNA m.3243A. > G mutation is the most prevalent mutation causing mitochondrial disease in adult patients. Aside from some case reports, there are no studies on obstetric complications in a cohort of m.3243A > G carriers. We aimed to identify the prevalence of obstetric complications in a cohort of women carrying the m.3243A > G mutation. Methods: All female carriers of the m.3243A > G mutation known from our previous national inventory were sent a questionnaire regarding their obstetric history. Data were compared to national references. Data from the national inventory, including NMDAS (disease severity) scores and heteroplasmy levels in urinary epithelial cells (UEC) were used to stratify women. Results: Sixty women participated, the mean age was 47 years (range 20-70), mean NMDAS was 14.6 (range 0-46), and mean heteroplasmy percentage in UEC was 19.9% (range 5-85%). Ninety-eight pregnancies in 46 women were reported. Twenty-three (25.3%) had a premature delivery and five of them (5.5%) had a gestation of ≤ 32 weeks and eleven of the women (12%) suffered from preeclampsia. No different heteroplasmy level was found in the women with preeclampsia. Nine pregnancies (11%) were complicated by gestational diabetes. Discussion: Obstetric complications occur frequently in carriers of the m.3243A > G mutation. Proper guidance during pregnancies and early detection of possible obstetric complications are needed. As techniques to prevent transmission of mitochondrial mutations are studied it is important to know the possible complications patients may experience from the ensuing pregnancy. © 2015 Elsevier B.V. and Mitochondria Research Society.
Reducing morbidity and mortality among pregnant obese; Obesity is increasing; in the UK, almost 20% of pregnant women have a body mass index (BMI) of ≥30 kg/m2. Obese mothers have increased risks of pregnancy complications including miscarriage, congenital anomaly, gestational diabetes, preeeclampsia, macroe somia, induction of labour, caesarean section, anaesthetic and surgical complications, postepartum haemorrhage, infection and venous thromboembolism. Complications tend to be greater in those with the highest BMIs. In recent triennia, obesity (27-29%) was overerepresented in maternal mortality figures. Strategies to reduce morbidity and mortality include calculating BMI at booking visit to identify obese mothers and plan their antenatal care and delivery. This should include nutritional and lifestyle advice, screening for gestational diabetes and preeeclampsia, thromboembolism risk assessment, antenatal anaesthetic review if BMI is ≥ 40 kg/m2, ensuring availability of robust theatre tables and other equipment and involving senior doctors, especially in the labour ward. Afterwards, continuing weight reduction should be encouraged to reduce future pregnancy and health risks. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Implementation of a distributed guideline-based decision support model within a patient-guidance framework; We report on new projection engine which was developed in order to implement a distributed guideline-based decision support system (DSS) within the European project MobiGuide.In this model, small portions of the guideline knowledge are projected, i.e. ‘downloaded’, from a central DSS server to a local DSS in the patient’s mobile device, which then applies that knowledge using the mobile device’s local resources. Furthermore, the projection engine generates guideline projections which are adapted to the patient’s previously defined preferences and, implicitly, to the patient’s current context, which is embodied in the projected knowledge. We evaluated this distributed guideline application model for two complex guidelines: one for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, and one for Atrial Fibrillation. We found that the initial specification of what we refer to as the customized guideline should be in the terms of the distributed DSS, i.e., include two levels: one for the central DSS, and one for the local DSS. In addition, we found significant differences between the customized, distributed versions of the two guidelines, indicating further research directions and possibly additional ways to analyze and characterize guidelines. © Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2015.
NuMoM2b Sleep-Disordered Breathing study: Objectives and methods; Objective The objective of the Sleep Disordered Breathing substudy of the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study Monitoring Mothers-to-be (nuMoM2b) is to determine whether sleep disordered breathing during pregnancy is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Study Design NuMoM2b is a prospective cohort study of 10,037 nulliparous women with singleton gestations that was conducted across 8 sites with a central Data Coordinating and Analysis Center. The Sleep Disordered Breathing substudy recruited 3702 women from the cohort to undergo objective, overnight in-home assessments of sleep disordered breathing. A standardized level 3 home sleep test was performed between 60-150 weeks' gestation (visit 1) and again between 220-310 weeks' gestation (visit 3). Scoring of tests was conducted by a central Sleep Reading Center. Participants and their health care providers were notified if test results met "urgent referral" criteria that were based on threshold levels of apnea hypopnea indices, oxygen saturation levels, or electrocardiogram abnormalities but were not notified of test results otherwise. The primary pregnancy outcomes to be analyzed in relation to maternal sleep disordered breathing are preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, fetal growth restriction, and preterm birth. Results Objective data were obtained at visit 1 on 3261 women, which was 88.1% of the studies that were attempted and at visit 3 on 2511 women, which was 87.6% of the studies that were attempted. Basic characteristics of the substudy cohort are reported in this methods article. Conclusion The substudy was designed to address important questions regarding the relationship of sleep-disordered breathing on the risk of preeclampsia and other outcomes of relevance to maternal and child health. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.
Pregnancy, delivery and puerperium in obese women; Obesity affects mental, physical and emotional health, increases the prevalence of hypertension, diabetes, sexual dysfunction and cardiovascular disease, and reduces the quality of life. Every woman with body mass index greater than 30 kg/m2 is considered obese, which has negative sequels on her general and reproductive health. A higher prevalence of early habitual abortion, congenital anomalies, preterm delivery, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, cesarean section, fetal growth retardation and thromboembolism has been reported in obese women. Obesity is associated with worse maternal and perinatal outcomes. Children born to obese mothers more frequently develop cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome later in life. This review gives recommendations for preconception work-up, and antenatal, intrapartum and postpartum care of obese pregnant women and their newborns. © 2015, Hrvatsko Drustvo Ginekologa i Opstetricara. All rights reserved.
Gamma-Glutamyltransferase: A Predictive Biomarker of Cellular Antioxidant Inadequacy and Disease Risk; Gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) is a well-established serum marker for alcohol-related liver disease. However, GGT's predictive utility applies well beyond liver disease: elevated GGT is linked to increased risk to a multitude of diseases and conditions, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and all-cause mortality. The literature from multiple population groups worldwide consistently shows strong predictive power for GGT, even across different gender and ethnic categories. Here, we examine the relationship of GGT to other serum markers such as serum ferritin (SF) levels, and we suggest a link to exposure to environmental and endogenous toxins, resulting in oxidative and nitrosative stress. We observe a general upward trend in population levels of GGT over time, particularly in the US and Korea. Since the late 1970s, both GGT and incident MetS and its related disorders have risen in virtual lockstep. GGT is an early predictive marker for atherosclerosis, heart failure, arterial stiffness and plaque, gestational diabetes, and various liver diseases, including viral hepatitis, other infectious diseases, and several life-threatening cancers. We review literature both from the medical sciences and from life insurance industries demonstrating that serum GGT is a superior marker for future disease risk, when compared against multiple other known mortality risk factors. © 2015 Gerald Koenig and Stephanie Seneff.
Triglyceride levels as a risk factor during pregnancy; biological modeling; systematic review; Introduction: introduction: Some of the diseases that can appear in pregnancy (gestational diabetes, hypertension and preeclampsia) are being associated with an increased risk of heart throughout life diseases. This should be present in future assessments of the health of women. One of the most important biomarkers in cardiovascular diseases is the triglyceride level, and that undergoes a significant change during pregnancy. Objective: the objective of this review is to analyze the studies that have investigated triglyceride levels during pregnancy as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease in the last weeks of pregnancy and childbirth. Methods: a systematic search was made and 14 specific articles on the subject were selected following the PRISMA guidelines. Results: in normal pregnancy decreased the level of lipids in the first weeks, followed by a gradual increase. Especially high from the 12th week of gestation. This increase in plasma levels of circulating lipids occurs linearly, reaching a peak a few days before delivery. This increase results because of the increased estrogen levels and insulin resistance. It has also been associated with prolactin levels. Conclusions: through this review, it has been able to demonstrate the relationship of elevated triglycerides some pathologies or more frequent changes in risk pregnancies, in which a significantly higher elevation occurs compared to normal pregnancies. It is in this context that the biological modeling may be particularly important, facilitating the creation of models and percentile curves applicable to the population, and allow monitoring of changes in triglycerides, which end up pointing situations passing be predictors of a potentially pathological situation. Thus, appropriate interventions would be carried rafter more briefly, and see so favored adequate primary prevention. © 2015, Grupo Aula Medica S.A. All rights reserved.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular risk factor management; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading health threat to American women. In addition to establish risk factors for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes, smoking, and obesity, adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) including pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and gestational diabetes are now recognized as factors that increase a woman's risk for future CVD. CVD risk factor burden is disproportionately higher in those of low socioeconomic status and in ethnic/racial minority women. Since younger women often use their obstetrician/gynecologist as their primary health provider, this is an opportune time to diagnose and treat CVD risk factors early. Embedding preventive care providers such as nurse practitioners or physician assistants within OB/GYN practices can be considered, with referral to family medicine or internist for ongoing risk assessment and management. The American Heart Association (AHA)/American Stroke Association (ASA) stroke prevention guidelines tailored to women recommend that women with a history of pre-eclampsia can be evaluated for hypertension and other CVD risk factors within 6 months to 1-year post-partum. Given the burden and impact of CVD on women in our society, the entire medical community must work to establish feasible practice and referral patterns for assessment and treatment of CVD risk factors. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.
Cardiovascular disease screening; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death amongst women worldwide. Cardiovascular risk assessment and primary prevention are important strategies to improve morbidity and mortality. In additional to the traditional risk factors, pregnancy complications such as pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes increment future risk of developing cardiovascular complications. Additionally, several serum biomarkers are valuable measures for both risk assessment and predictors of clinical outcomes in women. The purpose of this review is to describe current risk stratification schemes as well as outline the role of obstetric history and serum biomarkers in adjusting risk stratification in women. © 2015.
Pregnancy as a window to future health: Excessive gestational weight gain and obesity; Metabolic and behavioral changes that occur during pregnancy have well-known effects on maternal and fetal health during the immediate pregnancy and now are thought to be a catalyst for future health throughout later life. Recommendations for appropriate gestational weight gain (GWG) and lifestyle modifications during pregnancy have changed throughout history as more is known about this crucial time. Herein we discuss the current GWG recommendations and the impact of pregnancy and excess GWG gain on the current and future health of women and children including risk of obesity, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and metabolic syndrome. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.
Morbidities and mortalities among infant of diabetic mother in a newly established SCANU of a tertiary care hospital, Bangladesh; Introduction: Diabetes mellitus has long been associated with perinatal morbidity and mortality. It complicates 2% to 3% of all pregnancies; 90% of these cases present with gestational diabetes mellitus. In our population Gestational diabetes mellitus develops among 6.7% of all pregnancies. Macrosomia (28%), hypocalcaemia (22%), hyperbillirubinaemia (19%), polycythemia (34%), perinatal asphyxia, birth injury and congenital anomaly (6-9%) are the complications of infant of diabetic mother (IDM). Materials and Methods: This prospective observational study was done in the newly established Special Care Neonatal Unit (SCANU) to determine the morbidities and mortalities among IDM babies admitted in to Mymensingh Medical College Hospital (MMCH), Bangladesh from January to March 2015. A total 50 IDM patients who admitted during this period were recruited in the study irrespective of their gestational age, birth weight, pattern and duration of maternal diabetes. Results: Male and female patients were 29 (58%) and 21 (42%). Caesarian and vaginal delivery were 43 and seven cases. Gestational and pre-gestational diabetes mothers were 35 (70%) and 15 (30%) respectively. The important morbidities in order of frequency were found perinatal asphyxia (50%), macrosomia (48%), neonatal jaundice (44%), hypoglycaemia (40%), hypocalcaemia (36%), polycythemia (28%), CHD (20%), neonatal sepsis (20%), birth trauma (12%), TTN (6%), RDS (6%), GIT problem (2%) respectively. Mortality was recorded in three patients. Conclusion: Our observations show the high prevalence of IDM (24/1000 live birth) and their various complications. Mortality and morbidity is a bit higher in IDM. Our health policy maker should give adequate emphasis on management of IDM babies. © 2015, Nepal Paediatric Society (NEPAS). All rights reserved.
Investigating the mechanism of hyperglycemia-induced fetal cardiac hypertrophy; Hyperglycemia in diabetic mothers enhances the risk of fetal cardiac hypertrophy during gestation. However, the mechanism of high-glucose-induced cardiac hypertrophy is not largely understood. In this study, we first demonstrated that the incidence rate of cardiac hypertrophy dramatically increased in fetuses of diabetic mothers using color ultrasound examination. In addition, human fetal cardiac hypertrophy was successfully mimicked in a streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetes mouse model, in which mouse cardiac hypertrophy was diagnosed using type-M ultrasound and a histological assay. PH3 immunofluorescent staining of mouse fetal hearts and in vitro-cultured H9c2 cells indicated that cell proliferation decreased in E18.5, E15.5and E13.5 mice, and cell apoptosis in H9c2 cells increased in the presence of high glucose in a dose-dependent manner. Next, we found that the individual cardiomyocyte size increased in pre-gestational diabetes mellitus mice and in response to high glucose exposure. Meanwhile, the expression of β-MHC and BMP-10 was up-regulated. Nkx2.5 immunofluorescent staining showed that the expression of Nkx2.5, a crucial cardiac transcription factor, was suppressed in the ventricular septum, left ventricular wall and right ventricular wall of E18.5, E15.5 and E13.5 mouse hearts. However, cardiac hypertrophy did not morphologically occur in E13.5 mouse hearts. In cultured H9c2 cells exposed to high glucose, Nkx2.5 expression decreased, as detected by both immunostaining and western blotting, and the expression of KCNE1 and Cx43 was also restricted. Taken together, alterations in cell size rather than cell proliferation or apoptosis are responsible for hyperglycemia-induced fetal cardiac hypertrophy. The aberrant expression of Nkx2.5 and its regulatory target genes in the presence of high glucose could be a principal component of pathogenesis in the development of fetal cardiac hypertrophy. © 2015 Han et al.
Assessment of structural cardiac abnormalities and diastolic function in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: The main manifestation of hyperglycaemia during pregnancy is gestational diabetes mellitus. It can herald diabetes mellitus type 2 and its deleterious long-term effects, such as hypertension and cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to assess diastolic function in women with gestational diabetes mellitus, one of the first signs of future cardiovascular disease. Methods: A total of 21 women with gestational diabetes mellitus and 23 healthy pregnant women (control group) between 34 and 37 weeks of gestation underwent echocardiographic assessment. The diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus was made in agreement with the American Diabetes Association criteria. Echocardiographic images obtained were analysed according to the criteria of the American Society of Echocardiography. Data were analysed using Pearson correlation coefficient, analysis of variance and Students t-test. Results: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus had higher posterior wall and interventricular septum thickness, increased left ventricular mass and left ventricular mass index, lower early diastolic annular velocity and early diastolic annular velocity/late diastolic annular velocity ratio. There was a positive correlation between left ventricular mass index and fasting glucose and pregnancy body mass index. Conclusion: Patients with gestational diabetes mellitus seem to have a different diastolic profile as well as a mildly dysfunctional pattern on echocardiogram, which may show a need for greater glycaemic control. © The Author(s) 2015 Reprints and permissions: sagepub.co.uk/journalsPermissions.nav.
Cord serum lipid profile of infants of diabetic mothers; Background: Infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) is a critical issue in pediatrics, which is regarded as a major risk factor for birth trauma, respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), birth asphyxia, transient tachypnea of the newborn (TTN) and jaundice. IDM is also a risk factor for microvascular (e.g., ocular and renal complications) and macrovascular complications (e.g., cerebrovascular accident, atherosclerosis and cardiovascular complications). Lipids are a heterogeneous group of hydrophobic organic molecules which can be extracted from tissues using non-polar solvents. Lipids, due to their hydrophobic property, are mainly found in membranes enclosing various cell organelles. Diabetes mellitus management with insulin (nowadays also with oral hypoglycemic medications) has improved the outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (most infants born to diabetic mother are large for gestational age). The neonatal mortality rate in IDM is over five times higher than that of infants of non-diabetic mothers. In this study, therefore, we aimed to assess the effect of maternal diabetes on cord serum lipid profile. Methods: This prospective (case-control) study was carried out on 60 infants born in Al-Zahra teaching hospital during February 2014-October 2014. The study group consisted of 30 randomly chosen IDM, and the control group comprised 30 infants who were born to healthy mothers.Results: The results of this study demonstrated that there are significant differences between IDM and infants of healthy mothers regarding lipid profile and birth weight.Conclusion: This study confirms that cord serum lipid profile (serum cholesterol, serum triglycerides and low-density lipoprotein) is higher at birth in IDM. Moreover, this study shows a significant association between lipid profile and bodweight.
ATLANTIC-DIP: prevalence of metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus by International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Groups criteria; Women with previous gestational diabetes (GDM) are a high-risk group for future development of diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. The new International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria significantly increase the number of women diagnosed with GDM. The long-term metabolic outcome in these women is unknown. We set out to determine the prevalence of metabolic syndrome, using adult treatment panel-III criteria; and insulin resistance, using HOMA2-IR, in white European women with previous GDM. Using a cohort design, we invited women meeting IADPSG GDM criteria across four Irish antenatal centres between 2007 and 2010 to participate. Two hundred and sixty-five women with previous values meeting IADPSG criteria for GDM participated (44 % of the population eligible for participation). Mean age was 36.7 years (SD 5.0). These women were compared with a randomly selected control group of 378 women (mean age 37.6 years, SD 5.1) known to have normal glucose tolerance (NGT) in pregnancy during the same period. A total of 25.3 % of women with previous IADPSG-defined GDM met metabolic syndrome criteria, compared to 6.6 % of women with NGT [at 2.6 (SD 1.0) vs. 3.3 years (SD 0.7) post-partum]. The prevalence of HOMA2-IR >1.8 was higher in women with previous IADPSG-defined GDM (33.6 vs. 9.1 % with NGT, p < 0.001). Women with previous GDM by IADPSG criteria demonstrate a greater than threefold prevalence of metabolic syndrome compared to women with NGT in pregnancy. Efforts to prevent projected long-term consequences of this should focus on interventions both in the preconception and post-partum periods. © 2014, Springer-Verlag Italia.
Cohort profile: Mysore parthenon birth cohort; The Mysore Parthenon Birth Cohort was established to examine the long-term effects of maternal glucose tolerance and nutritional status on cardiovascular disease risk factors in the offspring. During 1997-98, 830 of 1233 women recruited from the antenatal clinics of the Holdsworth Memorial Hospital (HMH), Mysore, India, underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. Of these, 667 women delivered live babies at HMH. Four babies with major congenital anomalies were excluded, and the remaining 663 were included for further follow-up. The babies had detailed anthropometry at birth and at 6-12-monthly intervals subsequently. Detailed cardiovascular investigations were done at ages 5, 9.5 and 13.5 years in the children, and in the parents at the 5-year and 9.5-year follow-ups. This ongoing study provides extensive data on serial anthropometry and body composition, physiological and biochemical measures, dietary intake, nutritional status, physical activity measures, stress reactivity measures and cognitive function, and socio-demographic parameters for the offspring. Data on anthropometry, cardiovascular risk factors and nutritional status are available for mothers during pregnancy. Anthropometry and risk factor measures are available for both parents at follow-up. © The Author 2014.
Effect of Fiber and Low Glycemic Load Diet on Blood Glucose Profile and Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Diabetes and Poorly Controlled Diabetic Subjects; Diabetes, especially poorly controlled (HbA1c>8%), is a metabolic disease associated with a variety of micro- and macrovascular complications that is increasing worldwide. The conventional high carbohydrate intake recommended in diabetes results in suboptimal glycemic control and lipoprotein profile, gradually increasing the insulin and/or oral hypoglycemic medication requirement and eventually weight gain. Low glycemic load (GL) and high-fiber diets are alternative approaches for medical nutrition therapy. In prospective cohort studies, the high insoluble cereal dietary fiber and low GL diet, independent of known coronary disease risk factors, were associated with reduced risk of diabetes and coronary heart disease (CHD). However, there are meta-analyses and review studies reporting that "any beneficial effect of low glycemic index (GI)/GL diets on CHD and its risk factors is small." The inconsistent results of studies may be due to significantly varied criteria for low GI/GL and high GI/GL values in the diet among the studies. Cereal fiber and the low GL diet also are effective in blood glucose control of gestational diabetes mellitus patients who are unwilling to take blood glucose lowering medication. The mechanisms underlying improvement of blood glucose profile when consuming a low GL diet are probably due to reduced appetite, weight loss, and elevated whole-body glucose disposal through effects on circulating triacylglycerol and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1, a marker of fibrinolytic capacity) concentration and suppression of hepatic triacylglycerol production. Higher concentrations of triacylglycerol and PAI-1 have a direct association with cardiovascular events. The mechanism behind the reduced diabetes risk of insoluble cereal dietary fiber is probably due to increased insulin sensitivity through changing gut microbial communities; it also involves hormonal and molecular factors. © 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
High Uric Acid Levels During Pregnancy Linked to Increased Risk for Future Atherosclerotic-Related Hospitalization; The aim of this study was to examine the association between uric acid (UA) level during pregnancy and future maternal hospitalization for atherosclerotic-related morbidity. A case-control study was conducted including women who delivered between the years 2000 to 2012 and subsequently developed atherosclerotic morbidity at least 1 year after their last delivery (n=588) and controls (n=3645). The mean follow-up duration was 57.8±35.6 months and 77±43.4 months, respectively. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios for hospitalizations. A significant linear association was documented between UA during pregnancy and long-term maternal-related atherosclerotic morbidity. A Cox proportional hazard model, controlling for the confounders gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, obesity, maternal age, creatinine level, and gestational week at index pregnancy showed that UA ≥5.6 mg/dL during pregnancy remained independently associated with long-term total hospitalization (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.47; 95% confidence interval, 1.16-1.86; P<.001). High UA level during pregnancy may predict maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. © 2015 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Management of diabetes in pregnancy: Antenatal follow-up and decisions concerning timing and mode of delivery; Pregnancy in women with diabetes remains complicated despite improvements in glucose control. This seems mainly due to the fact that normoglycemia is still outside of reach. Congenital malformations are already significantly increased in the case of HbA1c values of 2-4SD above the mean, and fetal macrosomia is increasing in incidence. The latter may be due to an increase in maternal body mass index (BMI), absence of cardiovascular complications, better placentation, and increased weight gain during pregnancy. Severe maternal hypoglycemia is a frequent complication during the first trimester of pregnancy. The outcome is generally poorer in the case of type-2 diabetes as compared to type-1, which is likely to be due to a higher incidence of maternal metabolic syndrome. In this article, preconceptional and antenatal management and the mode and timing of delivery are discussed, both for women with preexisting diabetes and for those with gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The relationship between the oxidative stress and the cardiac hypertrophy in infants of diabetic mothers; Recently, oxidative stress was suggested to play a role in maternal and fetal complications of diabetic pregnancies. The aim of this study is to evaluate the global oxidant and antioxidant status in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) via measurement of total antioxidant capacity (TAC) and total oxidant status (TOS) and to determine their association with the clinical and cardiac manifestations of gestational diabetes on infants. Forty five infants constituted the IDM group, 51 infants born to non diabetic mothers served as the control group. Umbilical cord blood was drawn from IDM and controls for TAC and TOS measurement. Echocardiographic measurements were performed in the first three days of life. Infants of diabetic mother had significantly higher TAC (p=0.024), TOS (p=0.03) and oxidative stress index (OSI, p=0.04) levels compared to controls. Hemoglobin values were correlated to TOS (r=0.310, p=0.03) and OSI (r=0.310, p=0.03). Maternal HbA1c values were also correlated to TOS (r=0.576, p=0.001) and OSI (r=0.606, p<. 0.001). Systolic and diastolic interventicular septum measurements, and left ventricular mass were also correlated with TOS (r=0.330, p=0.02; r=0.453, p=0.002; r=0.404, p=0.006, respectively) and OSI (r=0.330, p=0.02; r=0.300, p=0.04, r=0.300; p=0.04, respectively). Oxidant-antioxidant balance is disturbed in favor of oxidants in IDM despite compensatory increase in TAC. The degree of oxidative stress is related to the severity of myocardial and hematological involvement in IDM in the first days of life and maternal glycemic control. © 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Specific features of cellular aging in women in different periods of life; The paper reviews the data available in the literature on the problems of cellular aging in women in different periods of life and a relationship of their health factors, a cardiovascular risk, and telomere biology. It considers the possible factors of women’s health, which influence the development of cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes mellitus, insulin resistance, metabolic syn-drome, atherosclerosis, neurological, musculoskeletal diseases, etc. in women in different periods of life. These factors are age at menarche, miscarriage, artificial abortion, preterm delivery, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and menopause. The study results establishing the association of women’s health factors with the development of cardiovascular diseases are given. The paper also shows the role of estrogen deficiency in the development of cardiovascular diseases and its impact on telomerase activity and telomere length in postmenopausal women. © The Authors.
Clinical and echocardiographic findings in newborns of diabetic mothers; The aim of the study was to assess the use of echocardiographic measurements in newborns of diabetic mothers. Maternal diabetes is associated with an increased risk of morbidity and mortality in pregnancy and in perinatal period. Thirty-five newborns of diabetic mothers (pregestational or gestational diabetes; case group) and thirty-five controls (control group), born between January 2009 and December 2012 in Cluj-Napoca (north-west of Romania), were included in this study. A Logiq e ultrasound with an 8 MHz transducer was used to measure echocardiographic parameters. The interventricular septal thickness in case group was higher as compared with control group (at end systole = 6.61±1.64 mm vs. 5.75±0.95 mm, p=0.0371; at end diastole = 4.61±1.59 mm vs. 3.42±0.70 mm, p=0.0001). A risk ratio of 2.333 (0.656, 8.298) was obtained for septal hypertrophy. A higher proportion of septal hypertrophy was identified in the newborns of mothers with gestational diabetes compared to the newborns of pregestational diabetes mothers (p=0.0058). The mean birth weight was significantly higher in newborns of diabetic mothers (3695.57±738.63) as compared with controls (3276.14±496.51; p=0.0071). Infants born to mothers with diabetes proved to be at a high risk of septal hypertrophy.
Influence of maternal overnutrition and gestational diabetes on the programming of metabolic health outcomes in the offspring: Experimental evidence1; The incidence of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus have risen across the world during the past few decades and has also reached an alarming level among children. In addition, women are currently more likely than ever to enter pregnancy obese. As a result, the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus is also on the rise. While diet and lifestyle contribute to these trends, population health data show that maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy during critical stages of development are major factors that contribute to the development of chronic disease in adolescent and adult offspring. Fetal programming of metabolic function, through physiological and (or) epigenetic mechanisms, may also have an intergenerational effect, and as a result may perpetuate metabolic disorders in the next generation. In this review, we summarize the existing literature that characterizes how maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus contribute to metabolic and cardiovascular disorders in the offspring. In particular, we focus on animal studies that investigate the molecular mechanisms that are programmed by the gestational environment and lead to disease phenotypes in the offspring. We also review interventional studies that prevent disease with a developmental origin in the offspring. © 2015 Published by NRC Research Press.
Neonatal Hairy Ear Pinnae and Gestational Diabetes: Just a Coincidence?; A newborn girl of 36 weeks gestation was noted to have several anomalies, including bilateral low ear attachment with ear pinnae hypertrichosis, left preauricular pit, micrognathia, short lingual frenulum, and short neck. Pregnancy history revealed poorly controlled maternal gestational diabetes (GD). Localized hypertrichosis of the ear pinnae may represent a potential marker of GD and thereby alert physicians to suspect other potentially GD-associated conditions such as macrosomia, asphyxia, respiratory distress, hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, hyperbilirubinemia, polycythemia, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, and congenital anomalies, particularly those involving the central nervous system. © 2015 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Complications and challenges associated with polycystic ovary syndrome: Current perspectives; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) represents the most common endocrine dysfunction in fertile women and it is considered a heterogeneous and multifaceted disorder, with multiple reproductive and metabolic phenotypes which differently affect the early- and long-term syndrome’s risks. Women with PCOS present an adverse reproductive profile, including a high risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus. Patients with PCOS present not only a higher prevalence of classic cardiovascular risk factors, such as hypertension, dyslipidemia, and type-2 diabetes mellitus, but also of nonclassic cardiovascular risk factors, including mood disorders, such as depression and anxiety. Moreover, at the moment, clinical data on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in women with PCOS are controversial. Finally, women with PCOS show an increased risk of endometrial cancer compared to non-PCOS healthy women, particularly during premenopausal period. Currently, we are unable to clarify if the increased PCOS early- and long-term risks are totally due to PCOS per se or mostly due to obesity, in particular visceral obesity, that characterized the majority of PCOS patients. In any case, the main endocrine and gynecological scientific societies agree to consider women with PCOS at increased risk of obstetric, cardiometabolic, oncology, and psychological complications throughout life, and it is recommended that these women be accurately assessed with periodic follow-up. © 2015 Palomba et al.
Effect of maternal diabetes on the embryo, fetus, and children: Congenital anomalies, genetic and epigenetic changes and developmental outcomes; Introduction: Pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM; GDM) are significant health concerns because they are associated with an increased rate of malformations and maternal health complications. Methods: We reviewed the data that help us to understand the effects of diabetes in pregnancy. Results: Diabetic embryopathy can affect any developing organ system, but cardiovascular and neural tube defects are among the most frequent anomalies. Other complications include preeclampsia, preterm delivery, fetal growth abnormalities, and perinatal mortality. Neurodevelopmental studies on offspring of mothers with diabetes demonstrated increased rate of Gross and Fine motor abnormalities, of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, learning difficulties, and possibly also Autism Spectrum Disorder. The mechanisms underlying the effects of maternal hyperglycemia on the developing fetus may involve increased oxidative stress, hypoxia, apoptosis, and epigenetic changes. Evidence for epigenetic changes are the following: not all progeny are affected and not to the same extent; maternal diet may influence pregnancy outcomes; and maternal diabetes alters embryonic transcriptional profiles and increases the variation between transcriptomic profiles as a result of altered gene regulation. Research in animal models has revealed that maternal hyperglycemia is a teratogen, and has helped uncover potential therapeutic targets which, when blocked, can mitigate or ameliorate the negative effects of diabetes on the developing fetus. Conclusions: Tight metabolic control, surveillance, and labor management remain the cornerstone of care for pregnant women with diabetes, but advances in the field indicate that new treatments to protect the mother and baby are not far from becoming clinical realities. © 2015 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Speckle Tracking and Myocardial Tissue Imaging in Infant of Diabetic Mother with Gestational and Pregestational Diabetes; The aim of this study was to evaluate the myocardial changes in infants of diabetic mother either with gestational or pregestational diabetes and its relation to maternal diabetic control. The study included 45 infants of diabetic mother (IDMs) and 45 healthy newborn as a control group. IDMs were then categorized into 2 subgroups: twenty infants of mother with pregestational diabetes and twenty-five infants of mothers with gestational diabetes. The studied groups underwent measurement of the maternal and neonatal glycated Hb % (HbA1c), conventional echocardiography, tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) and two-dimensional speckle tracking imaging (STI). The weight, the rate of complications, and the rate of cesarean section were significantly higher in the IDMs group than in the control group. Significant positive correlation was present between the levels of HbA1c of IDMs and HbA1c of their mothers (P < 0.05). A significant deterioration of both systolic and diastolic functions measured by both conventional echocardiography and TDI was present in IDMs with both pre-gestational and gestational diabetes compared with the control group. Also, the septal/posterior wall ratio (SW/PW) was significantly higher in pregestational (1.86 ± 0.3) and gestational (2 ± 0.4) groups than in the control group (1 ± 0.06). Two-dimensional STI showed that the cardiac torsion was significantly impaired in pre-gestational (9.66 ± 2.5) and gestational (8.66 ± 3.9) groups when compared with the control group (5.4 ± 2.4) [P < 0.0001]. It also showed that the global strain was significantly impaired in pre-gestational (−10.4 ± 3.2) and gestational (−13.1 ± 4.7) groups when compared with the control group (−19 ± 2) [P < 0.0001]. However, no significant differences were present among the two patients’ subgroups in echocardiographic data except for a significant decrease of E’/A’ ratio and S wave at tricuspid annulus derived by TDI and impaired global strain derived by STI in infants of mothers with pre-gestational DM than those with gestational DM [P = 0.02]. SW/PW and cardiac torsion were significantly higher in infant of diabetic mother than the normal newborn and on the contrary systolic function and global strain were significantly lower in IDMs especially in infants of mother with pre-gestational diabetes. All the previous TDI findings did not show any significant correlation to neither maternal nor fetal HbA1c. Also, there was no significant correlation between cardiac torsion and the rest of TDI data neither in IDMs group nor in the control group. TDI and two-dimensional STI were efficient and sensitive tools able to early detect cardiac dysfunction in IDMs even in the absence of morphologic cardiac changes. © 2014, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Complex and irregular heart rate dynamics in fetuses compromised by maternal anemia as a high-risk pregnancy; Aim: To examine how complex and irregular fetal heart rate (FHR) dynamics differ between fetuses of normal pregnancies and those of pregnancies complicated by maternal anemia (MA), and to place this in the context of high-risk pregnancies. Methods: Our study population consisted of 97 pregnant women affected by MA, 118 affected by pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), 88 affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), 53 with preterm premature rupture of membranes (pPROM), and 356 normal pregnancies as controls. We calculated approximate entropy (ApEn), sample entropy (SampEn), and correlation dimension (CD) to quantify irregularity and the chaotic dynamics of each FHR time series. Results: The ApEn in the fetuses of the MA and PIH groups was significantly lower than that of the normal controls (P<0.05). The SampEn was significantly lower in the high-risk groups, except for the pPROM group, than in the normal controls (P<0.05). The CD in the PIH and severe MA groups was significantly lower than that of the normal controls (P<0.05, respectively). In the MA group, the dynamic indices showed a highly significant positive correlation with hemoglobin (Hb) levels (P<0.0001). Conclusion: The decreased complexity and/or irregularity in the FHR from pregnancies with MA may reflect abnormalities in the complex, integrated cardiovascular control. The irregularity and complexity of the FHR increased together with Hb levels in pregnancies with MA. Our data suggest that the integrity of the nervous system in the fetuses compromised by severe MA might result directly in adverse outcomes. © 2015 by De Gruyter 2015.
Metabolic disorder of pregnancy (understanding pathophysiology of diabetes and preeclampsia); The role of insulin resistance in human disease is implicated in the pathogenesis of some of the chief western chronic diseases: ischemic heart disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and essential hypertension. The occurrence of these diseases, alongside obesity, is termed the metabolic syndrome. Pregnancy is normally attended by progressive insulin resistance that begins near mide pregnancy and progresses through the third trimester to levels that approximate the insulin resistance seen in individuals with type 2 diabetes. Insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia may be the basic common ground for the metabolic syndrome of pregnancy e elevated blood pressure and diabetes mellitus. Moreover, the metabolic syndrome is also associated with endothelial dysfunction, oxidative stress, and attenuated inflammatory responses. In this review, we discuss the development of insulin resistance during pregnancy, hormones and newly discovered factors associated with insulin resistance and secretion, lipid metabolism, and the pathogenesis of hypertension during pregnancy. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Health after pregnancy in the mother with diabetes; Progression of retinopathy and nephropathy in women with diabetes occurs, at least temporarily, during pregnancy and postpartum. However, normotensive pregnancy seems to have no detrimental effects regarding the long-term progression of any microvascular complication. Increased risk from pregnancy induced hypertension without proteinuria and with proteinuria (pre-eclampsia) relates mainly to the association with kidney disease in diabetes, and poor glycemic control. A history of pre-eclampsia or pregnancy induced hypertension is an important prognostic factor for micro- and macro-vascular complications later in life. Data regarding the long-term effects of hypertensive pregnancies on late complications of diabetes suggest that women with diabetes should be monitored regularly and nephroprotective treatment initiated early. © 2015 Future Medicine Ltd.
Exposure to maternal gestational diabetes is associated with higher cardiovascular responses to stress in adolescent Indians; Context: Altered endocrinal and autonomic nervous system responses to stress may link impaired intra-uterine growth with later cardiovascular disease. Objective: To test the hypothesis that offspring of gestational diabetic mothers (OGDM) have high cortisol and cardiosympathetic responses during the Trier Social Stress Test for Children (TSST-C). Design: Adolescents from a birth cohort in India (n = 213; mean age, 13.5 y), including 26 OGDM, 22 offspring of diabetic fathers (ODF), and 165 offspring of nondiabetic parents (controls) completed 5 minutes each of public speaking and mental arithmetic tasks in front of two unfamiliar "evaluators" (TSST-C). Salivary cortisol concentrations were measured at baseline and at regular intervals after the TSST-C. Heart rate, blood pressure (BP), stroke volume, cardiac output, and total peripheral resistance were measured continuously at baseline, during the TSST-C, and for 10 minutes after the test using a finger cuff; the beat-to-beat values were averaged for these periods. Results: Cortisol and cardiosympathetic parameters increased from baseline during stress (P < .001). OGDM had greater systolic BP (mean difference, 5.6 mm Hg), cardiac output (0.5 L/min), and stroke volume (4.0 mL) increases and a lower total peripheral resistance rise (125 dyn·s/cm5) than controls during stress. ODF had greater systolic BP responses than controls (difference, 4.1 mm Hg); there was no difference in other cardiosympathetic parameters. Cortisol responses were similar in all three groups. Conclusions: Maternal diabetes during pregnancy is associated with higher cardiosympathetic stress responses in the offspring, which may contribute to their higher cardiovascular disease risk. Further research may confirm stress-response programming as a predictor of cardiovascular risk in OGDM. Copyright © 2015 by the Endocrine Society.
The risk of gestational diabetes mellitus following bereavement: A cohort study from Denmark and Sweden; Background We investigated whether bereavement of a close family member - a source of severe psychological stress exposure - the year before pregnancy is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods We studied pregnant women with livebirths in Denmark during 1994-2008 and with births in Sweden during 1987-2006 (n-=-2-569-446). We obtained data on death of women's parents, siblings, and older children, and on demographic and health- and pregnancy-related factors through linkage between nationwide registers. Results In multivariable models, death of a close relative the year before pregnancy was associated with a 14% increased odds of GDM [95% confidence intervals (CIs) 1.03, 1.26]. The odds ratios corresponding to the loss of a child, parent, and sibling were 1.51 (95% CI: 1.17, 1.95), 1.12 (95% CI: 1.00, 1.25), and 0.68 (95% CI: 0.40, 1.25), respectively. Deaths due to cardiovascular diseases or diabetes were more closely related to the risk of GDM than other types of deaths. We found no association between unnatural deaths and the risk of GDM. Conclusions Death of a close relative the year before pregnancy was associated with a modestly increased GDM risk. Our findings according to the relative's cause of death suggest that differences in screening for GDM among exposure groups and residual confounding by familial factors related to metabolic and cardiovascular diseases may have contributed to this association. If there is a causal stress effect on GDM in this predominantly Nordic population, it is most likely small. © 2015 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
A case report of aorto-pulmonary window in an infant born to a diabetic mother; Several studies have described the association between pre-gestational maternal diabetes and cardiac disease in the newborn. Infants of diabetic mothers have an increased incidence of congenital heart disease, reported between 3% and 6% compared to 0.8% of the general population. A particularly high prevalence of conotruncal defects has been recently described among congenital heart diseases. This group of malformations affects ventricular outflows, aorta, and pulmonary artery and shares a common embryogenic origin. They include persistence of the truncus arteriosus, transposition of great arteries, tetralogy of Fallot, interruption of the aortic arch, and double outlet right ventricle. Aorto-pulmonary window, a rare congenital heart disease belonging to conotruncal malformations, has never been previously described in association with maternal diabetes. We describe the case of a male infant born to a mother suffering from a poorly controlled type 1 diabetes during pregnancy. In the early postnatal life the infant showed respiratory distress, tachycardia, and failure to thrive. He was found to be affected by aorto-pulmonary window that required corrective surgical intervention.<. Learning objective: This case report warns us to consider this congenital abnormality as a possible finding in infants born to a diabetic mother. Furthermore, it shows how difficult the echocardiographic diagnosis of aorto-pulmonary windows can be.>. © 2015 Japanese College of Cardiology.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus and high maternal weight on the development of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease: A population-level analysis; Aims: To examine the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and high maternal weight and the risk of development of chronic disease. Methods: Women with singleton deliveries between April 1999 and March 2010 in Alberta, Canada, were categorized according to pre-pregnancy weight (overweight ≥ 91 kg) and GDM status. Obstetric and neonatal outcomes, as well as the long-term incidence of maternal diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease were examined. Results: Of 240 083 women, 213 765 (89%) had no GDM and were not overweight (reference group), 17 587 (7.3%) were overweight only, 7332 (3%) had GDM only and 1399 (0.6%) had GDM and were overweight. Significant differences in Caesarean section rates, induction rates and birthweight were observed across the four groups. During a median follow-up of 5.3 years, diabetes incidence was 36% in the GDM and overweight, 18.8% in the GDM only, 4.8% in the overweight only and 1.1% in the reference group. With respect to hypertension and cardiovascular disease, the GDM and overweight group had the highest rates (26.8% and 3.1%, respectively) and the reference group had the lowest rates (5.8% and 1.0%, respectively). However, rates were similar in the GDM only (14.9% and 1.9%, respectively) and overweight only groups (14.9% and 1.5%, respectively). Conclusions: Not surprisingly, the presence of both high maternal weight and GDM compounds the risk of developing diabetes. However, the association between overweight alone and GDM alone and hypertension and cardiovascular disease appears similar suggesting a need for effective interventions to manage both these conditions to improve the health of these patients. © 2014 Diabetes UK.
Intraabdominal fat, insulin sensitivity, and cardiovascular risk factors in postpartum women with a history of preeclampsia; Objective Women who develop preeclampsia have a higher risk of future cardiovascular disease and diabetes compared to women who have uncomplicated pregnancies. We hypothesized that women with prior preeclampsia would have increased visceral adiposity that would be a major determinant of their metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors. Study Design We compared intraabdominal fat (IAF) area, insulin sensitivity index (SI), fasting lipids, low-density lipoprotein relative flotation rate, and brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation in 49 women with prior preeclampsia and 22 controls who were at least 8 months postpartum and matched for age, parity, body mass index, and months postpartum. Women were eligible if they did not smoke tobacco, use hormonal contraception, have chronic hypertension, or have a history of gestational diabetes. Results The groups were similar for age (mean ± SD: prior preeclampsia 33.4 ± 6.6 vs control 34.6 ± 4.3 years), parity (median: 1 for both), body mass index (26.7 ± 5.9 vs 24.0 ± 7.3 kg/m2), and months postpartum (median [25th-75th percentile]: 16 [13-38] vs 16.5 [13-25]). There were no significant differences in IAF area and SI. Despite this, women with preeclampsia had lower high-density lipoprotein (46.0 ± 10.7 vs 51.3 ± 9.3 mg/dL; P <.05), smaller/denser low-density lipoprotein relative flotation rate (0.276 ± 0.022 vs 0.289 ± 0.016; P =.02), higher systolic (114.6 ± 10.9 vs 102.3 ± 7.5 mm Hg) and diastolic (67.6 ± 7.5 vs 60.9 ± 3.6 mm Hg; P <.001) blood pressures, and impaired flow-mediated dilatation (4.5 [2-6.7] vs 8.8 [4.5-9.1] percent change, P <.05) compared to controls. In a subgroup analysis, women with nonsevere preeclampsia (n = 17) had increased IAF (98.3 [60.1-122.2]) vs 63.1 [40.1-70.7] cm2; P =.02) and decreased SI (4.18 [2.43-5.25] vs 5.5 [3.9-8.3] × 10-5 min-1/pmol/L; P =.035) compared to the controls, whereas women with severe preeclampsia (n = 32) were not different for IAF and SI. IAF was negatively associated with SI and positively associated with cardiovascular risk factors even after adjusting for the matching variables and total body fat. Conclusion Women with prior preeclampsia have an atherogenic lipid profile and endothelial dysfunction compared to matched control subjects despite having similar adiposity and insulin sensitivity, suggesting that there are mechanisms separate from obesity and insulin resistance that lead to their cardiovascular risk factors. Visceral adiposity may have a role in contributing to these risk factors in the subgroup of women who have preeclampsia without severe features. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.
Pregnancy Complications as Markers for Subsequent Maternal Cardiovascular Disease: Validation of a Maternal Recall Questionnaire; Background: We designed and tested the validity of a questionnaire to characterize maternal recall of pregnancy complications associated with increased future cardiovascular disease risk, based on the 2011 American Heart Association (AHA) guidelines. Methods: A maternal recall questionnaire of pregnancy history was administered to 971 patients who had participated in a previous cohort study of 1,608 pregnant women. Medical records from the study pregnancy served as the gold standard. Prevalence, sensitivity (sens), specificity (spec), positive predictive value (PPV), negative predictive value (NPV), and/or Spearman's correlation coefficients (r) were calculated for each question. Results: A total of 526 (54%) individuals recontacted responded. Respondents were more likely to be older, white, educated, and nulliparous and were less likely to deliver low-birthweight infants in the study pregnancy than were individuals who did not respond. Mean length of recall was 4.35 years (standard deviation [SD] 0.46) postpartum. Maternal recall was most accurate for gestational diabetes (sens: 92%, spec: 98%, PPV: 79%, NPV: 99%), infant birthweight (r=0.95), and gestation length (r=0.85). Maternal recall was modest for preeclampsia (sens: 79%, spec: 97%, PPV: 68%, NPV: 98%) and pregnancy-associated hypertension, including preeclampsia or gestational hypertension (sens: 60%, spec: 95%, PPV: 64%, NPV: 94%). Conclusions: This validation study demonstrated that the majority of women could accurately recall a history of gestational diabetes, infant birthweight, and gestational age at delivery, 4 years postpartum on average. Recall of preeclampsia and pregnancy-associated hypertension overall was modest. Maternal report of these pregnancy conditions may help clinicians identify women at increased risk for cardiovascular disease. © 2015 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Screening and subsequent management for thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy for improving maternal and infant health; Background: Thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy (both hyper- and hypothyroidism) is associated with increased risk of adverse outcomes for mothers and infants in the short- and long-term. Managing the thyroid dysfunction (e.g. thyroxine for hypothyroidism, or antithyroid medication for hyperthyroidism) may improve outcomes. The best method of screening to identify and subsequently manage thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy is unknown. Objectives: To assess the effects of different screening methods (and subsequent management) for thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy on maternal and infant outcomes. Search methods: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (14 July 2015) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria: Randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials, comparing any screening method (e.g. tool, program, guideline/protocol) for detecting thyroid dysfunction (including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and/or thyroid autoimmunity) pre-pregnancy or during pregnancy with no screening, or alternative screening methods. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently assessed eligibility of studies, extracted and checked data accuracy, and assessed the risk of bias of included studies. Main results: We included two randomised controlled trials (involving 26,408 women) - these trials were considered to be at low risk of bias. Universal screening (screening all women) versus case finding (screening only those at perceived increased risk) in pregnancy for thyroid dysfunction One trial (4562 women) compared universal screening with case finding for thyroid dysfunction. Before 11 weeks' gestation, women in the universal screening group, and 'high-risk' women in the case finding group had their sera tested for TSH (thyroid stimulating hormone), fT4 (free thyroxine) and TPO-Ab (thyroid peroxidase antibody); women with hypothyroidism (TSH > 2.5 mIU/litre) received levothyroxine; women with hyperthyroidism (undetectable TSH and elevated fT4) received antithyroid medication. In regards to this review's primary outcomes, compared with the case finding group, more women in the universal screening group were diagnosed with hypothyroidism (risk ratio (RR) 3.15, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.91 to 5.20; 4562 women; GRADE: high quality evidence), with a trend towards more women being diagnosed with hyperthyroidism (RR 4.50, 95% CI 0.97 to 20.82; 4562 women; P = 0.05; GRADE: moderate quality evidence). No clear differences were seen in the risks of pre-eclampsia (RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.64 to 1.18; 4516 women; GRADE: moderate quality evidence), or preterm birth (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.24; 4516 women; GRADE: high quality evidence) between groups. This trial did not report on neurosensory disability for the infant as a child. Considering this review's secondary outcomes, more women in the universal screening group received pharmacological treatment for thyroid dysfunction (RR 3.15, 95% CI 1.91 to 5.20; 4562 women). No clear differences between groups were observed for miscarriage (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.19; 4516 women; GRADE: moderate quality evidence), fetal and neonatal death (RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.42 to 2.02; 4516 infants; GRADE: moderate quality evidence), or other secondary outcomes: pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, congestive heart failure, thyroid storm, mode of birth (caesarean section), preterm labour, placental abruption, respiratory distress syndrome, low birthweight, neonatal intensive care unit admission, or other congenital malformations. The trial did not report on a number of outcomes including adverse effects associated with the intervention. Universal screening versus no screening in pregnancy for hypothyroidism One trial (21,846 women) compared universal screening with no screening for hypothyroidism. Before 15 + 6 weeks' gestation, women in the universal screening group had their sera tested; women who screened 'positive' (TSH > 97.5th percentile, fT4 < 2.5th percentile, or both) received levothyroxine. Considering primary review outcomes, compared with the no screening group, more women in the universal screening screened 'positive' for hypothyroidism (RR 998.18, 95% CI 62.36 to 15,978.48; 21,839 women; GRADE: high quality evidence). No data were provided for the outcome pre-eclampsia, and for preterm birth, the trial reported rates of 5.6% and 7.9% for the screening and no screening groups respectively (it was unclear if these percentages related to the entire cohort or women who screened positive). No clear difference was seen for neurosensory disability for the infant as a child (three-year follow-up IQ score < 85) (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.60 to 1.22; 794 infants; GRADE: moderate quality evidence). More women in the universal screening group received pharmacological treatment for thyroid dysfunction (RR 1102.90, 95% CI 69.07 to 17,610.46; 1050 women); 10% had their dose lowered because of low TSH, high fT4 or minor side effects. No clear differences were observed for other secondary outcomes, including developmental delay/intellectual impairment at three years. Most of our secondary outcomes, including miscarriage, fetal or neonatal death were not reported. Authors' conclusions: Based on the existing evidence, though universal screening for thyroid dysfunction in pregnancy increases the number of women diagnosed with hypothyroidism who can be subsequently treated, it does not clearly impact (benefit or harm) maternal and infant outcomes. While universal screening versus case finding for thyroid dysfunction increased diagnosis and subsequent treatment, we found no clear differences for the primary outcomes: pre-eclampsia or preterm birth. No clear differences were seen for secondary outcomes, including miscarriage and fetal or neonatal death; data were lacking for the primary outcome: neurosensory disability for the infant as a child, and for many secondary outcomes. Though universal screening versus no screening for hypothyroidism similarly increased diagnosis and subsequent treatment, no clear difference was seen for the primary outcome: neurosensory disability for the infant as a child (IQ < 85 at three years); data were lacking for the other primary outcomes: pre-eclampsia and preterm birth, and for the majority of secondary outcomes. For outcomes assessed using the GRADE approach the evidence was considered to be moderate or high quality, with any downgrading of the evidence based on the presence of wide confidence intervals crossing the line of no effect. More evidence is needed to assess the benefits or harms of different screening methods for thyroid dysfunction in pregnancy, on maternal, infant and child health outcomes. Future trials should assess impacts on use of health services and costs, and be adequately powered to evaluate the effects on short- and long-term outcomes. © 2015 The Cochrane Collaboration.
A cross-sectional study of tumor markers during normal and high-risk pregnancies; Objective To determine tumor marker concentrations during normal and high-risk pregnancies. Methods The present cross-sectional study included women attending the gynecology outpatient department at All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi, India, between November 1, 2012 and March 31, 2013. Their serum was assayed for carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA), cancer antigen 19-9 (CA19-9), and cancer antigen 15-3 (CA15-3). Results A total of 251 pregnant women and 31 nonpregnant women were included. Median CEA value was lower among pregnant women than among nonpregnant women (1.2 μg/L vs 1.4 μg/L; P = 0.006), whereas that of CA15-3 was higher (16.7 U/mL vs 12.3 U/mL; P = 0.03). CA19-9 concentration was higher among pregnant women aged 25-29 years (7.0 U/mL) or 30-34 years (7.2 U/mL) than among those aged 20-24 years (4.2 U/mL; P = 0.01 for both). The CA15-3 level was increased during the second (13.0 U/mL) and third (60.5 U/mL) trimesters compared with the first trimester (9.5 U/mL) (P ≤ 0.01 for both comparisons). It was also raised in high-risk pregnancies (33.7 U/mL), specifically pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (39.7 U/mL), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (64.3 U/mL), or heart disease (54.0 U/mL) (P ≤ 0.05 for all). Conclusion CA15-3 concentrations rise during pregnancy, but whether this increase can be attributed to physiological changes in breast tissue needs to be investigated further.
Impact of interpregnancy interval on the subsequent risk of adverse perinatal outcomes; Aim The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of interpregnancy interval as a risk factor on multiple adverse perinatal outcomes. Material and Methods Interpregnancy intervals and confounding factors were determined for healthy pregnancies (controls [n-=-357]) and for pregnancies complicated by adverse perinatal outcomes. Interpregnancy interval was categorized as <6, 6-11, 12-17, 18-23, 24-35 and ≥36-months. Adverse outcomes included spontaneous labor leading to preterm birth (n-=-265), preterm premature rupture of membranes (n-=-245), pre-eclampsia (n-=-286), gestational diabetes (n-=-302), abnormal placentation (n-=-154), anemia (n-=-314), congenital anomalies (n-=-459), post-partum hemorrhage (n-=-326) and small for gestational age (n-=-168). Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to assess the association of each outcome with the interpregnancy interval categories. Results Spontaneous labor leading to preterm birth (odds ratio [OR], 1.86; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.13-1.97), preterm premature rupture of membranes (OR, 1.69; 95%CI, 1.28-2.39), congenital anomalies (OR, 1.38; 95%CI, 1.09-1.76) and small for gestational age (OR, 1.68; 95%CI, 1.14-2.34) were significantly associated with intervals of <6-months. Among congenital anomalies, short interpregnancy interval represents an increased risk for cardiac defects (OR, 1.55; 95%CI, 1.09-5.46), neural tube defects (OR, 2.06; 95%CI, 1.32-7.64) and central nervous system anomalies (OR, 1.45; 95%CI, 1.12-3.65). Conclusion Short interpregnancy interval is an independent risk factor for adverse perinatal outcomes. © 2015 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
The severity of gestational diabetes mellitus affects microvascular dysfunction measured three years after pregnancy that may be related to increased oxidative stress; Introduction: Oxidative-nitrative stress and poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase activation observed in gestational diabetes may play role in the increased cardiovascular risk in later life. Aim: The present study aimed to examine the influence of the severity of previous gestational diabetes (insulin need) on vascular function three years after delivery. Furthermore, the authors investigated the relation of vascular function with oxidative-nitrative stress and poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase activation. Method: Macrovascular function was measured by applanation tonometry; microvascular reactivity was assessed by provocation tests during Laser-Doppler flowmetry in 40 women who had gestational diabetes 3 years before the study. Oxidative-nitrative stress and poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase activity in blood components were determined by colorimetry and immunohistochemistry. Results: Three years after insulin treated gestational diabetes impaired microvascular function and increased oxidative stress was observed compared to mild cases. Conclusions: The severity of previous gestational diabetes affects microvascular dysfunction that is accompanied by elevated oxidative stress. Nitrative stress and poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase activity correlates with certain vascular factors not related to the severity of the disease.
Back to the future: Examining type 2 diabetic vasculature using the gestational diabetic placenta; Understanding the association between the intrauterine hyperglycemic milieu and the development of adult diabetic vasculopathy is of particular relevance in India, where diabetes and vascular disease are prevalent. The gestational diabetes mellitus placenta is a valuable tool to examine blood vessels that have been exposed to hyperglycemic cues.We report an interesting observation in a cohort of gestational diabetes mellitus foetal placental vasculature from South India. Transmission electron microscopy demonstrated pericyte detachment and pericyte ghost cells reminiscent of adult type 2 diabetic retinopathy, in gestational diabetes mellitus foetal placental blood vessels that were not observed in non-gestational diabetes mellitus placentas (p â‰0.001) . Endothelial cell irregularity was observed in 76% gestational diabetes mellitus foetal blood vessels as compared with 10.4% non-gestational diabetes mellitus placental vasculature (p â‰0.001). Other abnormalities noted in gestational diabetes mellitus placenta included mitochondrial abnormalities, increased micro vessel density and thickening of basement membranes. These results suggest that adult type 2 diabetic vasculopathy has developmental origins in utero. © 2014 The Author(s).
Renal aquaporins and water balance disorders; Background Aquaporins (AQPs) are a family of proteins that can act as water channels. Regulation of AQPs is critical to osmoregulation and the maintenance of body water homeostasis. Eight AQPs are expressed in the kidney of which five have been shown to play a role in body water balance; AQP1, AQP2, AQP3, AQP4 and AQP7. AQP2 in particular is regulated by vasopressin. Scope of review This review summarizes our current knowledge of the underlying mechanisms of various water balance disorders and their treatment strategies. Major conclusions Dysfunctions of AQPs are involved in disorders associated with disturbed water homeostasis. Hyponatremia with increased AQP levels can be caused by diseases with low effective circulating blood volume, such as congestive heart failure, or osmoregulation disorders such as the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone. Treatment consists of fluid restriction, demeclocycline and vasopressin type-2 receptor antagonists. Decreased AQP levels can lead to diabetes insipidus (DI), characterized by polyuria and polydipsia. In central DI, vasopressin production is impaired, while in gestational DI, levels of the vasopressin-degrading enzyme vasopressinase are abnormally increased. Treatment consists of the vasopressin analogue dDAVP. Nephrogenic DI is caused by the inability of the kidney to respond to vasopressin and can be congenital, but is most commonly acquired, usually due to lithium therapy. Treatment consists of sufficient fluid supply, low-solute diet and diuretics. General significance In recent years, our understanding of the underlying mechanisms of water balance disorders has increased enormously, which has opened up several possible new treatment strategies. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled Aquaporins. © 2013 Elsevier B.V.
Predictors of postnatal complications and congenital cardiac diseases in infants of mothers with pregestational and gestational diabetes; Aim: In this study, we aimed to evaluate the postnatal problems of infants of mothers with pregestational and gestational diabetes and the clinical properties of infants who were found to have congenital cardiac disease.; Material and Methods: We retrospectively examined the records of 337 newborns who were followed up with a diagnosis of infant of diabetic mother between January 2010 and January 2012 in our Neonatology Unit. The demographic data of the diabetic mothers and their babies, the postnatal problems of the babies of diabetic mothers and congenital heart diseases found on transthoracic echocardiography were examined.; Results: The patients were classified as group A, B and C in accordance with the recommendations of The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) according to the type of diabetes. The most common postnatal problems included hyperbilirubinemia, respiratory distress, hypoglycemia and hypocalcemia. The rate of congenital heart disease was found be 17.3% in group A, 50% in group B and 9% in group C. No correlation was found between congenital heart disease and gender, multiple pregnancy, diabetes type, diet treatment, use of oral antidiabetic drugs and drug usage. A positive significant correlation was found between congenital heart disease and genetic disease, murmur, cyanosis and presence of gestational hypertension. It was shown that use of insulin, genetic disease and presence of gestational diabetes increased the risk of congenital heart disease.; Conclusions: In our study, the overall incidence of congenital heart disease was found to be 24% in infants of diabetic mothers. It should be kept in mind that it is important to investigate the infants of mothers with pregestational and gestational diabetes in terms of the risk of congenital heart disease. © 2014 by Turkish Pediatric Association.
Noninvasive assessment of subclinical atherosclerosis in normotensive gravidae with gestational diabetes; Aim. Carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT), hyperhomocysteinemia, microalbuminuria, and nitric oxide reflect subclinical atherosclerosis and predict the risk of future cardiovascular events. We aimed to evaluate the presence of subclinical atherosclerosis and endothelial dysfunction in normotensive patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) noninvasively. Patients and methods. We enrolled 41 normotensive patients with GDM and 44 healthy gravidae in the study. Serum homocysteine and nitric oxide levels, urinary albumin excretion (microalbuminuria), and CIMT were evaluated along with lipid parameters and anthropometric measurements. Results. Patients with GDM had significantly higher levels of serum homocysteine, urinary albumin excretion, and increased CIMT (p<0.001, p=0.005, and p<0.001, respectively). Nitric oxide levels were significantly reduced in the patient group (p<0.001). There was a significant difference between groups in terms of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) but not of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and triglyceride levels. A significant correlation was observed between CIMT and serum LDL, HDL, homocysteine, nitric oxide levels, and urinary albumin excretion. Microalbuminuria was significantly correlated with serum homocysteine levels (p=0.03) but not with nitric oxide. Conclusion. Independent of elevated blood pressure, subclinical atherosclerosis and endothelial dysfunction exist in normotensive patients with GDM. Further studies with a large number of participants are required to clarify these data. © 2013 Urban & Vogel.
Hepatic rather than cardiac steatosis relates to glucose intolerance in women with prior gestational diabetes; Background: Increased myocardial lipid accumulation has been described in patients with pre- and overt type 2 diabetes and could underlie the development of left-ventricular dysfunction in metabolic diseases (diabetic cardiomyopathy). Since women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) display a generally young population at high risk of developing diabetes and associated cardiovascular complications, we aimed to assess whether myocardial lipid accumulation can be detected at early stages of glucose intolerance and relates to markers of hepatic steatosis (Fatty Liver Index), cardiac function, insulin sensitivity and secretion. Methods: Myocardial lipid content (MYCL), left-ventricular function (1H-magnetic-resonance-spectroscopy and -imaging), insulin sensitivity/secretion (oral glucose tolerance test) and the fatty liver index (FLI) were assessed in 35 pGDM (45.6±7.0 years, 28.3±4.8 kg/m 2) and 14 healthy control females (CON; 44.7±9.8 years, 26.1±2.5 kg/m2), matching for age and body-mass-index (each p>0.1). Results: Of 35 pGDM, 9 displayed normal glucose tolerance (NGT), 6 impaired glucose regulation (IGR) and 20 had been already diagnosed with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). MYCL and cardiac function were comparable between pGDM and CON; in addition, no evidence of left-ventricular dysfunction was observed. MYCL was inversely correlated with the ejection fraction in T2DM (R = 20.45, p<0.05), while the FLI was tightly correlated with metabolic parameters (such as HbA1C, fasting plasma glucose and HDL-cholesterol) and rose along GT-groups. Conclusions: There is no evidence of cardiac steatosis in middle-aged women with prior gestational diabetes, suggesting that cardiac complications might develop later in the time-course of diabetes and may be accelerated by the co-existence of further risk factors, whereas hepatic steatosis remains a valid biomarker for metabolic diseases even in this rather young female cohort. © 2014 Winhofer et al.
Utilization of primary and obstetric care after medically complicated pregnancies: An analysis of medical claims data; BACKGROUND: Because pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, are risk factors for diabetes and cardiovascular disease, post-delivery follow-up is recommended. OBJECTIVE: To determine predictors of post-delivery primary and obstetric care utilization in women with and without medical complications. RESEARCH DESIGN: Five-year retrospective cohort study using commercial and Medicaid insurance claims in Maryland. SUBJECTS: 7,741 women with a complicated pregnancy (GDM, hypertensive disorders and pregestational diabetes mellitus [DM]) and 23,599 women with a comparison pregnancy. MEASURES: We compared primary and postpartum obstetric care utilization rates in the 12 months after delivery between the complicated and comparison pregnancy groups. We conducted multivariate logistic regression to assess the association between pregnancy complications, sociodemographic predictor variables and utilization of care, stratified by insurance type. RESULTS: Women with a complicated pregnancy were older at delivery (p<0.001), with higher rates of cesarean delivery (p<0.0001) and preterm labor or delivery (p<0.0001). Among women with Medicaid, 56.6 % in the complicated group and 51.7 % in the comparison group attended a primary care visit. Statistically significant predictors of receiving a primary care visit included non-Black race, older age, preeclampsia or DM, and depression. Among women with commercial health insurance, 60.0 % in the complicated group and 49.5 % in the comparison group attended a primary care visit. Pregnancy complication did not predict a primary care visit among women with commercial insurance. CONCLUSIONS: Women with pregnancy complications were more likely to attend primary care visits post-delivery compared to the comparison group, but overall visit rates were low. Although Medicaid expansion has potential to increase coverage, innovative models for preventive health services after delivery are needed to target women at higher risk for chronic disease development. © Society of General Internal Medicine 2013.
Impact of breastfeeding on maternal metabolism: Implications for women with gestational diabetes topical collection on diabetes and pregnancy; Lactating compared with nonlactating women display more favorable metabolic parameters, including less atherogenic blood lipids, lower fasting and postprandial blood glucose as well as insulin, and greater insulin sensitivity in the first 4 months postpartum. However, direct evidence demonstrating that these metabolic changes persist from delivery to postweaning is much less available. Studies have reported that longer lactation duration may reduce long-term risk of cardiometabolic disease, including type 2 diabetes, but findings from most studies are limited by self-report of disease outcomes, absence of longitudinal biochemical data, or no assessment of maternal lifestyle behaviors. Studies of women with a history gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) also reported associations between lactation duration and lower the incidence of type 2 diabetes and the metabolic syndrome. The mechanisms are not understood, but hormonal regulation of pancreatic β-cell proliferation and function or other metabolic pathways may mediate the lactation association with cardiometabolic disease in women. © 2014 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Association of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) with subclinical atherosclerosis: A systemic review and meta-analysis; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an elevated risk of adverse health outcomes such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) is increasingly used as a noninvasive marker for subclinical atherosclerosis. Whether there is a direct correlation between GDM and elevated cIMT is still controversial.Methods: PubMed, Embase and reference lists of relevant papers were reviewed. Studies assessing the relationship between GDM and cIMT were included. Weighted Mean Difference (WMD) of cIMT was calculated using random-effect models. Results: Fifteen studies with a total of 2247 subjects were included in our analysis, giving a pooled WMD of 0.05 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.03 -0.07). Furthermore, meta regression and subgroup analysis found that the association between GDM and larger cIMT already existed during pregnancy, and this relation was stronger in obese GDM patients. Conclusions: GDM in and after pregnancy is associated with subclinical atherosclerosis. Weight control may be helpful to prevent cardiovascular diseases for GDM patients. © 2014 Li et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Medical and obstetric complications among pregnant women aged 45 and older; Objective: The number of women aged 45 and older who become pregnant is increasing. The objective of this study was to estimate the risk of medical and obstetric complications among women aged 45 and older. Methods: The Nationwide Inpatient Sample was used to identify pregnant woman during admission for delivery. Deliveries were identified using International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9-CM) codes. Using ICD-9-CM codes, pre-existing medical conditions and medical and obstetric complications were identified in women at the time of delivery and were compared for women aged 45 years and older to women under age 35. Outcomes among women aged 35-44 were also compared to women under age 35 to determine if women in this group demonstrated intermediate risk between the older and younger groups. Logistic regression analyses were used to calculate odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals for pre-existing medical conditions and medical and obstetric complications for both older groups relative to women under 35. Multivariable logistic regression analyses were also developed for outcomes at delivery among older women, while controlling for pre-existing medical conditions, multiple gestation, and insurance status, to determine the effect of age on the studied outcomes. Results: Women aged 45 and older had higher adjusted odds for death, transfusion, myocardial infarction/ischemia, cardiac arrest, acute heart failure, pulmonary embolism, deep vein thrombosis, acute renal failure, cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, fetal demise, fetal chromosomal anomaly, and placenta previa compared to women under 35. Conclusion: Pregnant women aged 45 and older experience significantly more medical and obstetric complications and are more likely to die at the time of a delivery than women under age 35, though the absolute risks are low and these events are rare. Further research is needed to determine what associated factors among pregnant women aged 45 and older may contribute to these findings. © 2014 Grotegut et al.
Effect of race/ethnicity on hypertension risk subsequent to gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevalence is greater in racially/ethnically diverse groups compared with non-Hispanic white populations. Although race has been shown to modify other cardiovascular disease risk factors in postpartum women, the role of race/ethnicity on GDM and subsequent hypertension has yet to be examined. The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of race/ethnicity in relation to GDM and subsequent hypertension in a retrospective analysis of women who delivered at Massachusetts General Hospital from 1998 to 2007. Multivariate analyses were used to determine the associations between GDM and (1) race/ethnicity, (2) hypertension, and (3) the interaction with hypertension and race/ethnicity. Women were monitored for a median of 3.8 years from the date of delivery. In our population of 4,010 women, GDM was more common in nonwhite participants (p <0.0001). GDM was also associated with hypertension subsequent to delivery after adjusting for age, race, parity, first-trimester systolic blood pressure, body mass index, maternal gestational weight gain, and preeclampsia (hazard ratio [HR] 1.75, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.28 to 2.37, p = 0.0004). Moreover, Hispanic (HR 3.25, 95% CI 1.85 to 5.72, p <0.0001) and white (HR 1.68, 95% CI 1.10 to 2.57, p = 0.02) women with GDM had greater hypertension risk relative to their race/ethnicity-specific counterparts without GDM in race-stratified multivariable analyses. In conclusion, Hispanic women compared with white women have an increased risk of hypertension. Hispanic and white women with GDM are at a greater risk for hypertension compared with those without GDM. Because the present study may have had limited power to detect effects among black and Asian women with GDM, further research is warranted to elucidate the need for enhanced hypertension risk surveillance in these young women.
Impact of gestational hyperglycemia on maternal and child health; Purpose of review: To address the recent evidence regarding the association between hyperglycemia during pregnancy and adverse short-term and long-term outcome for both mothers and offspring. RECENT FINDINGS: Recent data suggest a relationship between hyperglycemia during pregnancy and adverse short-term fetal outcomes, mainly those associated with excessive fetal growth. The degree of hyperglycemia plays an important role in risk stratification. Moreover, the long-term effect of hyperglycemia during pregnancy is expressed mainly as cardiometabolic morbidity and increased risk for the development of metabolic syndrome both maternal and in early adolescence. Alternation in DNA methylation and gene expression of metabolic pathways were found in association with hyperglycemia in utero, supporting the 'developmental origins of disease' hypothesis. SUMMARY: The effect of hyperglycemia on the early life metabolic environment may contribute to the subsequent risk of cardiovascular or metabolic morbidity later in life. It is also a sign of future maternal metabolic alternation. Several future randomized trials, hopefully will help to determine if early intervention could decrease the risk for gestational diabetes and whether long term adverse outcome are preventable and importantly the association with degree of maternal hyperglycemia in pregnancy and future morbidity. © 2014 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Assessment of cardiac functions in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers; We investigated cardiac function in 67 fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers (FGDMs) and 122 fetuses of healthy mothers between 24 and 36 weeks of gestation. Cardiac functions were evaluated by M-mode, pulsed-wave, and tissue Doppler echocardiography. Fetal echocardiograms were performed at 24, 28, 32, and 36 weeks of gestation. Glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels were obtained from all pregnant women at 24 weeks of gestation. The mean age of diabetic pregnant women was significantly greater than that of controls. Serum HbA1c values of both groups were within normal limits, but they were significantly greater in the diabetic group (p = 0.003). The increase in peak aortic and pulmonary artery velocities were greater in FGDM (p < 0.001). No pathological interventricular septal (IVS) hypertrophy was observed. There was a significant increase in IVS thickness in FGDM compared with controls, which was more prominent at the end of the third trimester (p < 0.001). During the course of pregnancy, mitral E-wave (p < 0.001), A-wave (p = 0.007), tricuspid E-wave (p < 0.001) and A-wave (p = 0.002) velocities were greater in FGDM. The increases in mitral E/A and tricuspid E/A ratios were lower in FGDM with advancing gestation. The E a-wave (p = 0.02), A a-wave (p = 0.04), and S a-wave (p < 0.001) velocities of the right-ventricular (RV) free wall and the E a (p = 0.02) and A a (p = 0.01) velocities of the left-ventricle (LV) posterior wall were greater in FGDM during the course of pregnancy. The E a/A a ratio of the RV posterior wall was greater in FGDM with advancing gestation (p < 0.03). LV and RV E/E a ratios were similar in both groups. The LV myocardial performance index measured by pulsed-wave Doppler was greater in FGDM (p < 0.001). We detected diastolic dysfunction in FGDM. The data suggest that gestational diabetes mellitus may impair ventricular diastolic functions without causing pathological fetal myocardial hypertrophy. We detected subclinical diastolic dysfunction using both pulsed-wave and tissue Doppler imaging in FGDM. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Frequency of congenital heart diseases in infants of diabetic mothers referred to pediatrics department; Objective: To determine the frequency of congenital heart disease in infants of diabetic mothers referred to Pediatrics department. Methodology: A total of 101 full-term neonates, aged from 0 to 29 days, admitted in the Neonatology unit, Lady Reading Hospital Peshawar - Pakistan, diagnosed clinically and confirmed by echocardiography were included in the study. All the children included in the study were sent to Cardiology Department of the Institute for echocardiography. After Echocardiography report, frequency of normal and congenital heart diseases (CHD) like VSD, ASD, PDA, TGA and PFO among these children was determined. Results: Out of 101 neonates, 67 (66.30%) were males and 34 (33.7%) were female. Majority (n=97, 96.0%) neonates' age ranged from 0-10 days. Maternal history showed that 55 (54.5%) mothers got diabetes during the pregnancy and 46 (45.5%) were having pre-gestational diabetes. The frequency of CHD was 52.5% in infants of diabetic mothers. Following CHDs were found in 53 neonates of diabetic mothers; Patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) in 17 (16.8%) cases, Ventricular septal defect (VSD) in 13 (12.9%), Atrial septal defect (ASD) in 09 (08.9%), Patent foramen ovale (PFO) in 08 (7.9%) and Transposition of the great arteries (TGA) in 6 (5.9%) cases respectively. Conclusions: Frequency of congenital heart disease in IDMs was 52.5%. Careful evaluation and early diagnosis of CHD in this high-risk group are highly indicated and echocardiography is recommended for all infants of diabetic mothers as soon as possible.
The clinical approach to obesity in pregnancy; Over one third of reproductive age women are obese, and this marked prevalence is impacting pregnancy. Obese women face many challenges from preconception to postpartum. They are at increased risk for both maternal and fetal complications including gestational diabetes, hypertension, preeclampsia, congenital anomalies, stillbirth, fetal macrosomia, cesarean delivery, venous thromboembolism, wound complications, breast-feeding difficulty, postpartum depression, postpartum weight retention, and neonatal death. This discussion is designed to help clinicians understand how obesity affects pregnancy, how to counsel patients regarding gestational weight gain, and how to implement management strategies during pregnancy to optimize health outcomes for these patients. © 2014, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Ethnic enclaves and gestational diabetes among immigrant women in New York City; Previous research has shown that immigrants living in their own ethnic enclave are at decreased risk of poor health outcomes, but this question has not been studied in relation to gestational diabetes, an important early marker of lifecourse cardiovascular health. We ascertained gestational diabetes, census tract of residence, and individual-level covariates for Sub-Saharan African, Chinese, South Central Asian, Non-Hispanic Caribbean, Dominican, Puerto Rican, Mexican, and Central and South American migrant women using linked birth-hospital discharge data for 89,703 singleton live births in New York City for the years 2001-2002. Using 2000 census data, for each immigrant group we defined a given census tract as part of an ethnic enclave based on the population distribution for the corresponding ethnic group. We estimated odds ratios for associations between living in an ethnic enclave and risk of gestational diabetes adjusted for neighborhood deprivation, percent commercial space, education, age, parity, and insurance status, using multilevel logistic regression. Overall, we found no effect of ethnic enclave residence on gestational diabetes in most immigrant groups. Among South Central Asian and Mexican women, living in a residential ethnic enclave was associated with an increased odds of gestational diabetes. Several explanations are proposed for these findings. Mechanisms explaining an increased risk of gestational diabetes in South Central Asian and Mexican ethnic enclaves should be examined. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd.
Importance of measuring Non-HDL cholesterol in type 2 diabetes patients; Objective: To study the correlation between Non-high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus and the proportion of patients achieving Adult Treatment Panel III recommended goals. Methods: The cross sectional study was conducted at the Diabetic Clinic, Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi. Data of Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients who attended the clinic bewteen 2007 and 2011 was reviewed. All Type 2 diabetic patients of either gender with fasting lipid profile irrespective of taking lipid lowering therapy were included. Type-1 DM, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes patients with pregnancy and those with incomplete data were excluded. Correlation between the low-density lipoprotein and Non- high-density lipoprotein was assessed by applying Cramer V and phi. Proportion of patients achieving Adult Treatment Panel III recommended goals was checked. Multivariable regression was done to identify common factors associated with elevated Non- high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Results: A total of 1352 patients fulfilling the eligibility criteria were included in the study. Mean age of the patients was 54.5±11.3 years; 797 (59%) were males; 1122 (83%) had Body Mass Index above 25; and 1016 (75%) had HbA1c >7%. Mean Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was 129±42mg/dl. Mean low-density lipoprotein cholesterol was 100±37mg/dl. Both low-density lipoprotein <100 and Non-HDL <130 mg/dl was achieved in 645 (48%) patients. It is important to note that although 728 (53.8%) patients achieved target LDL cholesterol of <100mg/dl, among them 83 (11.4%) had Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol still above the target >130mg/dl (p<0.05). Out of 752 patients with Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol <130mg/dl, 645(86%) had low-density lipoprotein cholesterol below 100mg/dl. Cramer V and Phi showed that correlation between Non-high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol was 0.71 (pvalue<0.01). After adjusting for other covariates, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol >100mg/dl was independently associated with having Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol >130mg/dl (Adjusted Odds Ratio 38.6; 95% Confidance Interval = 28.1-53.1). Similarly, age <60 years was 60% more likely to have Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol> 130 mg/dl (Adjusted Odds Ratio 1.6; 95% Confidance Interval = 1.01 -2.3). Whereas having obesity Body Mass Index >25 was 3.6 times more associated to have Non-high-density lipoprotein >130mg/dl (Adjusted Odds Ratio 3.6; 95% Confidance Interval = 1.6-7.7). In patients with coronary artery disease, combined goal achievement of low-density lipoprotein <70mg/dl and Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol <100mg/dl was seen in 59(35%). Among patients with high-density lipoprotein <70mg/dl, 8(10%) had Non-high-density lipoprotein >100mg/dl (p <0.05). Conclusion: The study showed a correlation between Non-high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. As measuring Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in Type 2 DM patients is simple, cost-effective and convenient because it does not require 12-hour fasting which may be a risk for hypoglycaemia in these patients, clinicians may choose Non-high-density lipoprotein as a routine measure in everyday practice.
Maternal diet, bioactive molecules, and exercising as reprogramming tools of metabolic programming; Nutrition and lifestyle, particularly over-nutrition and lack of exercise, promote the progression and pathogenesis of obesity and metabolic diseases. Nutrition is likely the most important environmental factor that modulates the expression of genes involved in metabolic pathways and a variety of phenotypes associated with obesity and diabetes. During pregnancy, diet is a major factor that influences the organ developmental plasticity of the foetus. Experimental evidence shows that nutritional factors, including energy, fatty acids, protein, micronutrients, and folate, affect various aspects of metabolic programming. Different epigenetic mechanisms that are elicited by bioactive factors in early critical developmental ages affect the susceptibility to several diseases in adulthood. The beneficial effects promoted by exercise training are well recognised, and physical exercise may be considered one of the more prominent non-pharmacological tools that can be used to attenuate metabolic programming and to consequently ameliorate the illness provoked by metabolic diseases and reduce the prevalence of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases. Literature on the different outcomes of unbalanced diets and the beneficial effects of some bioactive molecules during gestation and lactation on the metabolic health of offspring, as well as the potential mechanisms underlying these effects, was reviewed. The importance of the combined effects of functional nutrition and exercise as reprogramming tools of metabolic programming is discussed in depth. Finally, this review provides recommendations to healthcare providers that may aid in the control of early programming in an attempt to optimise the health of the mother and child. © 2014 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease: A scoping review; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased risk of incident type 2 diabetes and has deleterious effects on other cardiovascular risk factors. However, the effect of gestational diabetes on the risk of cardiovascular disease remains unclear. We conducted a scoping review of the literature to examine the association between these 2 conditions. Methods: We s ystematically s earched t he P ubMed a nd E mbase d atabases for s tudies e xamining t he a ssociation b etween gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease. We restricted our search to studies involving humans that were published in English or French. Outcomes of interest included acute coronary syndromes, angina, arrhythmia, coronary artery disease, heart failure, myocardial infarction, stroke, and composite end points with these outcomes. Results: A total of 11 publications (3 cohort studies [1 published as an abstract], 2 cross-sectional studies, 1 case-control study [published as an abstract], 4 narrative reviews, and 1 editorial) met our inclusion criteria. The 2 cohort studies published as full manuscripts were conducted in overlapping populations. The included studies reported a range of adjusted relative risks for incident cardiovascular disease, from not significant to 1.85 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.21 to 2.82). Adjustment for subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus attenuated the effects but with wide 95% CIs that spanned unity (range 1.13 [95% CI 0.67 to 1.89] to 1.56 [95% CI 1.00 to 2.43]). Interpretation: Available data suggest that gestational diabetes is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. However, these data are limited, and evidence regarding this association independent of the increased risk due to subsequent type 2 diabetes and other risk factors for cardiovascular disease remains inconclusive.
Identifying postpartum intervention approaches to reduce cardiometabolic risk among American Indian women with prior gestational diabetes, Oklahoma, 2012-2013; Introduction: Innovative approaches are needed to reduce cardiometabolic risk among American Indian women with a history of gestational diabetes. We assessed beliefs of Oklahoma American Indian women about preventing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease after having gestational diabetes. We also assessed barriers and facilitators to healthy lifestyle changes postpartum and intervention approaches that facilitate participation in a postpartum lifestyle program. Methods: In partnership with a tribal health system, we conducted a mixedmethod study with American Indian women aged 19 to 45 years who had prior gestational diabetes, using questionnaires, focus groups, and individual interviews. Questionnaires were used to identify women's cardiometabolic risk perceptions and feasibility and acceptability of Internet or mobile phone technology for delivery of a postpartum lifestyle modification program. Focus groups and individual interviews were conducted to identify key perspectives and preferences related to a potential program. Results: Participants were 26 women, all of whom completed surveys; 11 women participated in focus group sessions, and 15 participated in individual interviews. Most women believed they would inevitably develop diabetes, cardiovascular disease, or both; however, they were optimistic that they could delay onset with lifestyle change. Most women expressed enthusiasm for a family focused, technology-based intervention that emphasizes the importance of delaying disease onset, provides motivation, and promotes accountability while accommodating women's competing priorities. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that an intervention that uses the Internet, text messaging, or both and that emphasizes the benefits of delaying disease onset should be tested as a novel, culturally relevant approach to reducing rates of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in this high-risk population.
Preconception metabolic indicators predict gestational diabetes and offspring birthweight; Pregnancy conditions such as gestational diabetes (GDM) and macrosomia lead to an increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the offspring, perpetuating a cycle of poor health. We hypothesized that (1) pre-pregnancy indicators of metabolism would be associated with GDM and birthweight; and (2) the lipid accumulation product (LAP; incorporating waist circumference and triglycerides) and visceral adiposity index (VAI; incorporating waist circumference, triglycerides, and HDL-c) would be better predictors of GDM and birthweight than other indicators. Data from the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study were linked to the Finnish birth registry for 349 women. BMI, triglycerides, waist circumference, insulin, HOMA-IR, LAP, and VAI at the visit prior to the pregnancy were examined as predictors of GDM and large-for-gestational-age (LGA) using logistic regression with adjustment for age, parity, and smoking. Waist circumference was the strongest predictor of GDM (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.66, 95% confidence interval 1.16-2.38) and LGA (aOR 1.41, 1.00-1.99). For GDM, all markers had similar discrimination; for LGA, the area under the receiver operating curve for waist circumference was significantly higher than for BMI (p<0.01). This analysis suggests that pregnancy and even offspring health is affected by risk factors outside the immediate time period of pregnancy. © 2014 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fast food consumption and gestational diabetes incidence in the SUN project; Background: Gestational diabetes prevalence is increasing, mostly because obesity among women of reproductive age is continuously escalating. We aimed to investigate the incidence of gestational diabetes according to the consumption of fast food in a cohort of university graduates. Methods: The prospective dynamic "Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra" (SUN) cohort included data of 3,048 women initially free of diabetes or previous gestational diabetes who reported at least one pregnancy between December 1999 and March 2011. Fast food consumption was assessed through a validated 136-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Fast food was defined as the consumption of hamburgers, sausages, and pizza. Three categories of fast food were established: low (0-3 servings/month), intermediate (.3 servings/month and #2 servings/week) and high (.2 servings/week). Non-conditional logistic regression models were used to adjust for potential confounders. Results: We identified 159 incident cases of gestational diabetes during follow-up. After adjusting for age, baseline body mass index, total energy intake, smoking, physical activity, family history of diabetes, cardiovascular disease/hypertension at baseline, parity, adherence to Mediterranean dietary pattern, alcohol intake, fiber intake, and sugar-sweetened soft drinks consumption, fast food consumption was significantly associated with a higher risk of incident gestational diabetes, with multivariate adjusted OR of 1.31 (95% conficence interval [CI]:0.81-2.13) and 1.86 (95% CI: 1.13-3.06) for the intermediate and high categories, respectively, versus the lowest category of baseline fast food consumption (p for linear trend: 0.007). Conclusion: Our results suggest that pre-pregnancy higher consumption of fast food is an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes. © 2014 Dominguez et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Effect of human gestational diabetes mellitus on arterial stiffness; Background. The present study aims to evaluate the parameters for aortic stiffness by comparing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with a healthy control group via transthoracic echocardiography. Methods. This was a cross-sectional study involving monitoring of 62 pregnant women (33 with GDM and 29 with uncomplicated pregnancy as controls) during the third trimester. The aortic strain, aortic distensibility, and aortic stiffness values were measured via transthoracic echocardiography. Measurements of GDM group were repeated after 6 months. Results. Blood pressure levels, heart rate, and basic echocardiography were similar in both groups, but BMI was significantly higher in the GDM group (p <0.001). Whereas, aortic strain and distensibility were significantly lower in the GDM group (p <0.001). Aortic stiffness index was significantly higher in the GDM group (p <0.001). Aortic stiffness parameters did not exhibit any significant difference between the insulin-receiving GDM group and the diet-controlled GDM group. Postprandial glucose levels were correlated positively with the aortic stiffness index (p=0.04) and negatively with the level of aortic strain (p<0.01) and distensibility (p=0.03). The aortic stiffness in normoglycemic postpartum group at 6th month showed a significant improvement (p<0.001); but not in hyperglycemic postpartum group. Conclusion. Arterial stiffness was increased in women with GDM compared to the control group. A correlation between postprandial glucose and arterial stiffness was found. The aortic stiffness can be affected irreversibly from increased clinical and subclinical levels of glucose in postpartum period.
Cardiovascular disease in women: The significance of hypertension and gestational diabetes during pregnancy; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the major killer of women around the globe. Complications during pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus, are now recognized as risk factors for future CVD. RECENT FINDINGS: Studies of diverse populations demonstrate the links between these complications of pregnancy and a woman's future risk of CVD including atherosclerosis, hypertension, stroke, coronary artery disease, and heart failure. Markers that persist in these women following pregnancy continue to be identified and include microalbuminuria, proteinuria, elevated homocysteine levels, C-reactive protein, and salt sensitivity. Efforts are now being placed on establishing specialized clinics to monitor women beyond pregnancy to help reduce the burden of future disease. SUMMARY: Pregnancy offers a unique window through which women at risk of future CVD may be identified. Clinicians have an opportunity to implement health monitoring, lifestyle modifications, and other interventions during this period, and beyond, that will help reduce the burden of CVD. Research should continue to focus on identifying and understanding the mechanisms that lead to future CVD in these women; deciphering whether pregnancy unmasks an existing predisposition to disease, compounds the risk of future disease, or is the direct cause of future disease. © 2014 Wolters Kluwer Health.
Postmenopausal pregnancy after egg donation; Egg donation (ED) offers new opportunities within reproductive medicine and yields high pregnancy rates per cycle. However, the resulting pregnancies are subject to a high rate of complications, the most frequent among them being preeclampsia, pregnancy-induced hypertension and gestational diabetes. Patients at risk for these conditions are women aged over 50 years, relevant concomitant diseases and multiple pregnancies. Women with 45X0 Turner syndrome or those with occult cardiac diseases bear an extremely-high risk, including pregnancy associated mortality. Perinatal results comprise elevated frequency of premature births and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). Possible consequences of these results include a limitation of recipients to patients under the age of 50 years, to promote single embryo transfer and to proceed with extreme caution and restraint in women with monosomy X. © Springer-Verlag 2014.
Features of endothelial dysfunction in umbilical cord vessels of women with gestational diabetes; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with increased oxidative stress and overexpression of inflammatory cytokines, both of which might lead to endothelial dysfunction and vascular disease. As such, GDM could be viewed as a sort of 'short lived' metabolic syndrome. As umbilical cord vessels represent a suitable model for the study of vascular alterations brought about by GDM, the aim of the present work was to characterize the phenotype of human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) chronically exposed to hyperglycaemia and to a pro-inflammatory environment during pregnancy so as to identify molecular modifications of cellular homoeostasis eventually impacting on endothelial dysfunction. Methods and result: Tissue specimens and HUVECs were obtained from umbilical cords of GDM and control women. As compared to controls, GD-HUVEC exhibited enhanced monocyte adhesion and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) expression and exposure on plasma membrane after tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) stimulation (Western blot, flow cytometer). As compared to control cells, GD-HUVEC in basal conditions exhibited enhanced monocyte adhesion, nitric oxide synthase (NOS) expression and activity (eNOS Real-Time polymerase chain reaction, Western Blot for eNOS total protein and monomers/dimers ratio, conversion of [3H]-L-arginine in [3H]-L-citrulline), increased O2- generation together with increased NT levels (immunofluorescence) and reduced NO bioavailability (guanosine 3',5'-monophosphate (cGMP) production, EIA). Furthermore, immunohistochemistry revealed increased eNOS and NT immunoreactivity in GD umbilical cords. Conclusion: Endothelial cells exposed invivo even transiently to hyperglycaemia, oxidative stress and inflammation exhibit durable pro-atherogenic modifications. © 2014 Elsevier B.V.
Gestational diabetes mellitus - Its control, maternal and perinatal outcome - A retrospective study in Sri Balaji Medical College Hospital, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India; To compare pregnancy outcomes in women with GDM to those with normal glucose tolerance and to analyze glycemic control in women with GDM and its effect on perinatal outcome. A 75gm OGCT is done in all the women during their first visit to the antenatal clinic. A diet or insulin regimen is initiated according to clinical judgment and OGCT result. To assess the effectiveness of the treatment regimen, she is followed up with regular fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and post prandial plasma glucose (PPPG) values. Treatment is adjusted accordingly. After delivery, perinatal outcome is assessed. Babies are breast fed soon after birth and allowed to stay with the mother until discharge. FPG and PPPG values were monitored antenatally in the diabetic cohort. The median value was calculated for FPG and PPPG. A minimum of 3 glucose samples were required, and subjects were assigned to a group of good control if FPG < 95mg/dl and PPPG < 120mg/dl, and poor control if FPG > 95mg/dl and/or PPPG > 120mg/dl. Induction of labour was similar between the two groups. There was no difference in maternal characteristics between groups that had good and poor control. Good control was not associated with the treatment regimen used. Two hour glucose values at OGCT were not predictive for future control. Neonatal hypoglycemia was significantly associated with poor control. The incidence of macrosomia, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission prior to discharge was similar, irrespective of glucose control. GDM is associated with adverse perinatal outcome. The degree of glycemic control is not predictive of adverse perinatal morbidity and mortality.
Estudio Parto: Postpartum diabetes prevention program for hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance in pregnancy: A randomised controlled trial - study protocol; Background:Diabetes and obesity have reached epidemic proportions in the U.S. with rates consistently higher among Hispanics as compared to non-Hispanic whites. Among Hispanic women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), 50% will go on to develop type 2 diabetes within 5 years of the index pregnancy. Although randomised controlled trials among adults with impaired glucose tolerance have shown that diet and physical activity reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes, such programs have not been tested in high-risk postpartum women. The overall goal of this randomised controlled trial is to test the efficacy of a culturally and linguistically modified, individually-tailored lifestyle intervention to reduce risk factors for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease among postpartum Hispanic women with a history of abnormal glucose tolerance during pregnancy.Methods/Design:Hispanic pregnant women who screen positive for GDM will be recruited and randomly assigned to a Lifestyle Intervention (n = 150) or a Health & Wellness (control) Intervention (n = 150). Multimodal contacts (i.e., in-person, telephone, and mailed materials) will be used to deliver the intervention from late pregnancy (29 weeks gestation) to 12 months postpartum. Targets of the intervention are to achieve Institute of Medicine Guidelines for postpartum weight loss; American Congress of Obstetrician and Gynecologist guidelines for physical activity; and American Diabetes Association guidelines for diet. The intervention draws from Social Cognitive Theory and the Transtheoretical Model and addresses the specific cultural and environmental challenges faced by low-income Hispanic women. Assessments will be conducted at enrollment, and at 6-weeks, 6-months, and 12-months postpartum by trained bicultural and bilingual personnel blinded to the intervention arm. Efficacy will be assessed via postpartum weight loss and biomarkers of insulin resistance and cardiovascular risk. Changes in physical activity and diet will be measured via 7-day actigraph data and three unannounced 24-hour dietary recalls at each assessment time period.Discussion:Hispanic women are the fastest growing minority group in the U.S. and have the highest rates of sedentary behavior and postpartum diabetes after a diagnosis of GDM. This randomised trial uses a high-reach, low-cost strategy that can readily be translated into clinical practice in underserved and minority populations. © 2014 Chasan-Taber et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Differences in preeclampsia rates between African American and caucasian women: Trends from the National Hospital Discharge Survey; Background: African Americans are at higher risk for preeclampsia compared with Caucasians, but longitudinal changes are unknown. We hypothesized that preeclampsia rates among African Americans would be higher than that of Caucasians and over time would maintain a consistent divergence. Methods: We analyzed the annual prevalence rates and calculated prevalence odds ratios (POR) with 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) for preeclampsia comparing 4,644 African American (weighted 608,109) with 12,131 Caucasian (weighted 1,844,391) women from the National Hospital Discharge Survey (1979-2006), including all women for whom a delivery was associated with preeclampsia. We estimated the race-specific prevalence of preeclampsia while adjusting for age, geographic region, diabetes, essential hypertension, prior myocardial infarction, heart failure, benign essential hypertension complicating a pregnancy, transient hypertension, and gestational diabetes. Results: There was an increasing trend in preeclampsia rates per year from 1979 to 2006 for African Americans [POR 0.76 (95% CI 0.49, 1.03)] and Caucasians [0.29 (95% CI 0.17, 0.41)]. However, there was an initial decrease in prevalence from 1979-1988 among African-Americans [-0.96 (95% CI -1.78, -0.14)] that was not seen in Caucasians [0.12 (95% CI -0.33, 0.57)]. Across all study years, preeclampsia rates remained higher for African Americans compared to Caucasians, from a POR of 0.98 (95% CI 0.96, 1.0) to POR of 1.75 (95% CI 1.73, 1.78). Conclusion: There was an increase in the prevalence of preeclampsia in African Americans compared to Caucasians in the most recent decade under study. This may be explained by healthcare system changes and disparities in obesity. Action is needed to reduce the trajectory of future cardiovascular disease caused by preeclampsia. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2014.
Risk factors of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia and its adverse outcomes in low- and middle-income countries: A WHO secondary analysis; Background: Pre-eclampsia has an immense adverse impact on maternal and perinatal health especially in low- and middle-income settings. We aimed to estimate the associations between pre-eclampsia/eclampsia and its risk factors, and adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes. Methods: We performed a secondary analysis of the WHO Global Survey on Maternal and Perinatal Health. The survey was a multi-country, facility-based cross-sectional study. A global sample consisting of 24 countries from three regions and 373 health facilities was obtained via a stratified multi-stage cluster sampling design. Maternal and offspring data were extracted from records using standardized questionnaires. Multi-level logistic regression modelling was conducted with random effects at the individual, facility and country levels. Results: Data for 276,388 mothers and their infants was analysed. The prevalence of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia in the study population was 10,754 (4%). At the individual level, sociodemographic characteristics of maternal age ≥30 years and low educational attainment were significantly associated with higher risk of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia. As for clinical and obstetric variables, high body mass index (BMI), nulliparity (AOR: 2.04; 95%CI 1.92-2.16), absence of antenatal care (AOR: 1.41; 95%CI 1.26-1.57), chronic hypertension (AOR: 7.75; 95%CI 6.77-8.87), gestational diabetes (AOR: 2.00; 95%CI 1.63-2.45), cardiac or renal disease (AOR: 2.38; 95%CI 1.86-3.05), pyelonephritis or urinary tract infection (AOR: 1.13; 95%CI 1.03-1.24) and severe anemia (AOR: 2.98; 95%CI 2.47-3.61) were found to be significant risk factors, while having >8 visits of antenatal care was protective (AOR: 0.90; 95%CI 0.83-0.98). Pre-eclampsia/eclampsia was found to be a significant risk factor for maternal death, perinatal death, preterm birth and low birthweight. Conclusion: Chronic hypertension, obesity and severe anemia were the highest risk factors of preeclampsia/eclampsia. Implementation of effective interventions prioritizing risk factors, provision of quality health services during pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy for joint efforts in the areas of maternal health are recommended. © 2014 Bilano et al.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: Yesterday, today, tomorrow; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is hyperglycemia that is first detected during pregnancy and does not meet the criteria for manifest diabetes. The incidence of GDM worldwide varies from 1 to 14% and that in Russia is as high as 4%. Hyperglycemia during pregnancy is associated with the development of preeclampsia, the birth of a big baby, emergency cesarean section, birth trauma, and neonatal hypoglycemia. The fact that there is no well-organized screening for GDM in our country leads to that the diagnosis of this condition is delayed for 4-20 weeks in 50-60% of cases. The risk group distribution of pregnant women leads to the diagnosis of GDM only in 50% of cases. At the same time, pregnancy is accompanied by physiological insulin resistance so the latter itself is a clinically important risk factor for carbohydrate metabolic disturbances. The Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes (HYPO) study has indicated that the previously used diagnostic criteria for GDM require reconsideration. There is a need for uniform standards for the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolic disturbances during pregnancy. The concepts «diabetes mellitus (DM)» and «manifest (new-onset DM during pregnancy» and directly «GDM» require clear clinical and laboratory definitions. Furthermore, GDM is a risk factor for obesity, type 2 DM and cardiovascular diseases in the mother and her offspring in future.
Maternal periodontal disease as a significant risk factor for low birth weight in pregnant women attending a secondary care hospital in South India: A Case-control study; Context: Periodontal disease (PD) is a common infection in the community; however, its relationship with low birth weight (LBW) has not been well-established. Aims: The aim was to determine the association between maternal PD and LBW. Settings and Design: A case-control (1:1) study. Materials and Methods: The study population comprised of women who delivered at the hospital during the study period (September 2011 to February 2012).Women between 18 and 35 years of age, who delivered singleton, live infants during study period with at least 18 teeth were enrolled. Those with pregnancy induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, blood-borne viral infections, periodontal treatment within the past 6 months and valvular heart disease were excluded. Control population was parity matched to the cases. Statistical Analysis Used: Chi-square test, t-test and univariant and multivariant logistic regression were used to analyze various study findings, and level of significance was set at 5% (P < 0.05). Results: PD was independently associated with LBW (odds ratio: 4.94, 95% confidence interval: 1.03-23.65, P=0.045). Additionally, conventional risk factors such as maternal height (P=0.029), secondary schooling (<8 years of schooling) (P = 0.001), socio-economic status (P = 0.046), type of family (joint) (P = 0.008), number of ante-natal visits (P = 0.028) and gestational age at birth (<37 weeks) (P = 0.045) showed significant association with LBW. Conclusions: There seems to be an association between PD and LBW independent of conventional risk factors. Women who had PD were 5 times more likely to deliver LBW infants.
Sickle cell disease and pregnancy: Analysis of 34 patients followed at the Regional Blood Center of Ribeirão Preto, Brazil; Objective: The objective of this study was to verify the evolution of pregnancies in sickle cell patients followed at one institution over a period of 12 years (January 2000 to June 2012).; Methods: The study evaluated 34 pregnant women with sickle cell disease with a mean age of 23.9 ± 5.3 years. The incidence of obstetric complications, non-obstetric complications linked to sickle cell disease and complications in the newborn were analyzed.; Results: A total of 26% of the cases reported previous miscarriages, 20% had preterm labor, 10% had pre-eclampsia, and 5% had gestational diabetes. Forty-one percent of the deliveries were cesarean sections and 29% of patients required blood transfusions. Inrespect to sickle cell disease, 62% of patients had vaso-occlusive crises, 29% had acute chestsyndrome, 23% had urinary tract infection, 15% had impaired cardiac function and 6% developed pulmonary hypertension. Only one patient died in the postnatal period due toacute chest syndrome. The mean gestational age was 37.8 ± 2.63 weeks, and mean newborn weight was 2.809 ± 643.8 g. There were seven fetal losses, including three stillbirths and four miscarriages. The impact of transfusion therapy on the incidence of maternal–fetalcomplications during pregnancy was evaluated.; Conclusions: Pregnancy in sickle cell patients is still associated with complications. Although no statistical difference was observed between transfused and non-transfused women,there were no deaths (fetal or maternal) in transfused patients whereas one maternal deathand three stillbirths occurred in non-transfused women. A larger study of sickle cell pregnant women will be necessary to elucidate the actual role of transfusion during pregnancy in sickle cell disease. © 2014 Associação Brasileira de Hematologia, Hemoterapia e Terapia Celular. Published by Elsevier Editora Ltda. All rights reserved.
Maternal outcomes and follow-up after gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus reflects impaired maternal insulin secretion relative to demand prior to pregnancy, as well as temporary metabolic stressors imposed by the placenta and fetus. Thus, after delivery, women with gestational diabetes have increased risk of diabetes and recurrent gestational diabetes because of their underlying impairment, which may be further exacerbated by fat accretion during pregnancy and post-partum deterioration in lifestyle behaviours. This hypothetical model is discussed in greater detail, particularly the uncertainty regarding pregnancy as an accelerator of β-cell decline and the role of gestational weight gain. This report also presents risk estimates for future glucose intolerance and diabetes and reviews modifiable risk factors, particularly body mass and lifestyle alterations, including weight loss and breastfeeding. Non-modifiable risk factors such as race/ethnicity and insulin use during pregnancy are also discussed. The review concludes with current literature on lifestyle modification, recommendations for post-partum glucose screening, and future directions for research to prevent maternal disease. © 2013 Diabetes UK.
Gestational diabetes mellitus in Korean women: Similarities and differences from other racial/ethnic groups; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) reflects defects in insulin secretion in response to the metabolic demands of pregnancy. While GDM is increasingly common worldwide due in large part to the obesity epidemic, its frequency is relatively low in Korean women. In this report, the prevalence and risk factors for GDM, perinatal outcomes, and postpartum course are compared in non-Korean and Korean women. While Koreans and non-Koreans with GDM share pathophysiology and complications, there may be differences in the role of obesity and thus the effectiveness of interventions targeting obesity in GDM women. Further investigations of the effectiveness of weight loss interventions and pharmacotherapy specifically among Korean women are needed. Dietary and other lifestyle data from Korean populations could inform prevention and treatment strategies in other countries which suffer from significantly higher prevalences of GDM. © 2014 Korean Diabetes Association.
Heart, arteries and women, a care pathway for women at high cardiovascular risk; Cardiovascular (CV) diseases are the primary cause of death of women. Since they kill 10 times more than breast cancer, preventive measures should be implemented. According to U.S. recommendations, a woman is either at "CV risk" or at "optimal health status" if she has no risk factors and a perfectly healthy lifestyle. Some risk factors are more deleterious to women (smoking, diabetes, stress, depression, atrial fibrillation); or specific to women (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, contraception, menopause, headaches). The lifestyle plays a key role for them. The blood pressure measurement is the most frequent opportunity to detect women at risk. CV tests should be performed to all symptomatic women and for those over the age of 45 who want to start practicing sport. The cardiologist can play a key role to improve women's CV health by integrating their hormonal risks. Women can also be a powerful medium of prevention by adopting a healthy lifestyle. From those recommendations concerning women's CV health, there is a great opportunity to initiate a health path for women at high cardiovascular risk. The objectives of the specific path "heart, arteries and women" of University hospital of Lille will be to improve professional practice, awareness of women, educate public authorities and within a few years reduce the epidemic of CVD of French women. © 2014.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids in pregnancy and metabolic syndrome: A review; This review presents available evidence for possible application of n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in pregnant obese women with metabolic syndrome (MS) and focuses on prophylaxis of pregnancy complications associated with MS such as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Dietary supplementation with n-3 PUFAs has recently become popular and their adequate intake during pregnancy and early childhood is of clinical importance. The results of experimental and epidemiological investigations reveal that n-3 PUFAs, especially α-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), may decrease the risk of cardiovascular diseases. It is believed that n-3 PUFAs affect a multitude of molecular pathways, involving regulation of gene expression, alteration of physical and chemical properties of cellular membranes and modulation of membrane channels and proteins. A large body of evidence focuses on anti-inflammatory properties of PUFAs which seem to be fundamental in prevention and reversing of insulin resistance, atherogenic dyslipidemia, hypertension, thromboembolism and in improving vascular function. Despite the potential PUFAs benefits of decreasing insulin resistance, their application in order to prevent preeclampsia, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women with MS has not yet been established. Numerous reports have revealed that appropriate fetal development, including neuronal, retinal and immune function depends on EPA and DHA which are crucial also for prevention of preterm birth. Thus the supplementation with EPA and DHA is highly recommended during pregnancy although the optimal dosing and treatment strategies still need to be determined. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers.
Evaluation of surface ECG changes in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has an increased risk of maternal and fetal complications. Increased maternal cardiac risk is one of the most important complications. QT dispersion and Tp-e duration are findings of surface electrocardiogram (ECG) and they are used an index of inhomogeneity in ventricular electrical activity, and prolongation of QT dispersion is related to increased incidence of ventricular arrhythmias. In this study, we aimed to investigate QT dispersion, Tp-e interval and Tp-e/QT ratio in pregnant women with GDM and emphasize the increased cardiac risk and the importance of GDM screening Methods: Thirty pregnant women with GDM (mean age 27.3±6.1 years) and 23 normal pregnant women (30.2±5.4 years) were included in the study. A 12-lead surface electrocardiogram was used to evaluate QT and Tp-e durations for all participants. All QT intervals were corrected for heart rate using *1*Ǧş q L"2K, NBazett's formula. QT dispersion was defined as the difference between the maximum corrected QT and minimum corrected QT duration. Student's t test or Mann-Whitney U was used to compare groups. The results were evaluated at the p<0.05 significance level. Results: Mean age, body mass index, blood pressure, heart rate and gestational week of pregnancy were similar between the two groups. QT dispersion (54±13 msc vs. 44±12 msc, p=0.006), Tp-e (81±7 msc vs. 76±8msc, p=0.013) and corrected Tp-e (102.4±9.7msc vs. 96.5±8.2msc, p=0.038) were significantly longer in pregnant women with GDM. The Tp-e/QT corrected ratio was found to be higher in GDM patients (0.19±0.01 vs. 0.18±0.02, p=0.040). Conclusion: Our results suggest that QT dispersion, Tp-e interval and Tp-e/QTc ratio are increased in pregnant women with GDM compared to non-diabetic pregnant women. For this reason we suggest GDM screening for all healthy pregnant women and evaluation the long-term cardiac risks.
Relation between abdominal subcutaneous fat tissue thickness and inflammatory markers during pregnancy; Introduction: Subcutaneous abdominal fat thickness (SCFT) is important for predisposition to metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. Our aim was to evaluate maternal SCFT and metabolic changes (such as insulin resistance and high inflammatory markers) during pregnancy. Material and methods: A total of 92 pregnant women between 24-28 weeks of gestation were enrolled in the study. The SCFT was measured by ultrasonography and patients were divided into 2 groups according to thickness of maternal SCFT and body mass index (BMI). Groups were compared with each other for oral glucose loading test (OGL) results, and for haematological, biochemical and fetal biometric parameters. Results: After analysis of frequency for SCFT, the most appropriate cut-off value for grouping patients was found to be 15 mm for SCFT. In 48 cases SCFT was over 15 mm. High C reactive protein (CRP) was found in 47.9% (23) of cases with SCFT over 15 mm. Serum haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) level was significantly correlated with SCFT thickness. The most important factors for determination of OGL level were found to be serum HbA1c level, BMI and SCFT. In obese subjects (BMI ≥ 25 kg/m2), levels of inflammatory markers and SCFT thickness were higher. The CRP and γ-glutamyltransferase (GGT) levels were significantly correlated with BMI and SCFT. Conclusions: High SCFT during pregnancy is associated with elevated inflammatory marker levels and HbA 1c. Pregnant women with thicker SCFT may be susceptible to the development of metabolic complications of pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertension, as well as risk of future metabolic and cardiovascular disease. Copyright © 2014 Termedia & Banach.
Plasma insulin levels in childhood are related to maternal factors - results of the Ulm Birth Cohort Study; Aims: The cardiovascular risk factor profile of a child as well as the development of body weight are influenced by genetic and childhood factors. Circulating insulin concentrations reflect the metabolic cardiovascular risk and may trigger weight gain. We aimed at identifying parental and childhood factors which may influence fasting plasma insulin concentrations in children. Methods: The Ulm Birth Cohort study (UBCS) is a prospective birth cohort study. At baseline, birth characteristics, maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) values as well as parental socioeconomic parameters were obtained. At the 8-yr follow-up examination, weights, heights, and fasting plasma insulin concentrations in n = 422 children and their parents were measured. Offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus were excluded from statistical analysis. Results: Fasting plasma insulin concentrations of children were significantly correlated with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI values (r = 0.16) as well as with maternal (r = 0.26) but not with paternal fasting plasma insulin concentrations (r = 0.11) at the 8-yr follow-up examination. The risk for high fasting plasma insulin concentrations (≥75th internal percentile) was 2.30 (1.34-3.92) in children who also had high plasma insulin concentrations in umbilical cord blood compared to children having lower plasma insulin concentrations (<75th internal percentile) in umbilical cord blood. In addition, we observed that children with high fasting plasma insulin concentrations at the age of 8 had an altered BMI trajectory in childhood, characterized by higher BMI values from the age of 1 onwards, compared to children with lower insulin concentrations. Conclusion: Our observations support the hypothesis of perinatal programming of offspring insulin concentrations and BMI values by maternal pre-pregnancy BMI values. © 2014 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Exercise training before surgical revascularisation-influence on short term outcomes; Cardiovascular rehabilitation (CVR) is usually not performed or is interrupted before coronary artery By-pass graft (CABG) interventions. To assess the influence of exercise training prior to surgery on perioperative complications and short term prognosis. We studied 106 patients (P), all included in rehabilitation programs in a specialized clinic. Over a period of 8 years progression of coronary heart disease (CHD) led to indication for CABG. The events leading to CABG indications were reappearance of anginal episodes (61) and/or subclinical heart failure, newly detected by echocardiography and BNP levels. Patients with more than 1,5 fold increase of cardiac necrosis enzymes were excluded. The control group (Co) consisted of 66P who interrupted CVR 6wk. to 6 mo. prior to surgery. The study group (St) consisted of 40 P who continued mild exercise similar to phase I and II post acute myocardial infarction. Except for gender differences (more females in Co, p=0,03) the groups were matched in starting parameters. We followed perioperative complications, ICU stay, hospitalization period, mortality and CHD complications at a 6 mo. follow up, before engaging in phase III CVR. The study group showed significant decrease in thromboembolic events (p<0,01), depression scores (p<0,01) and respiratory complications (p=0,03), leading to fewer complications during hospital stay (p=0,02) and shorter ICU stay (p=0,02). Effort capacity was better in the study group at discharge (6 MWT, p<0,01). However, at 6 mo. follow up these advantages disappeared, with no differences in mortality, CHD complications or effort capacity. Exercise training was safe before CABG, led to decreased perioperative complications, shorter hospital stay, lowering costs. However, no clear benefit was noted anymore at 6 months. © 2015 JK-Practitioner.
A systematic review of metabolite profiling in gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims/hypothesis Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes during, as well as subsequent to, pregnancy, including increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Because of the importance of early risk stratification in preventing these complications, improved first-trimester biomarker determination for diagnosing gestational diabetes would enhance our ability to optimise both maternal and fetal health. Metabolomic profiling, the systematic study of small molecule products of biochemical pathways, has shown promise in the identification of key metabolites associated with the pathogenesis of several metabolic diseases, including gestational diabetes. This article provides a systematic review of the current state of research on biomarkers and gestational diabetes and discusses the clinical relevance of metabolomics in the prediction, diagnosis and management of gestational diabetes. Methods We conducted a systematic search of MEDLINE (PubMed) up to the end of February 2014 using the key term combinations of ‘metabolomics,’ ‘metabonomics,’ ‘nuclear magnetic spectroscopy,’ ‘mass spectrometry,’ ‘metabolic profiling’ and ‘amino acid profile’ combined (AND) with ‘gestational diabetes’. Additional articles were identified through searching the reference lists from included studies. Quality assessment of included articles was conducted through the use of QUADOMICS. Results This systematic review included 17 articles. The biomarkers most consistently associated with gestational diabetes were asymmetric dimethylarginine and NEFAs. After QUADOMICS analysis, 13 of the 17 included studies were classified as ‘high quality’. Conclusions/interpretation Existing metabolomic studies of gestational diabetes present inconsistent findings regarding metabolite profile characteristics. Further studies are needed in larger, more racially/ethnically diverse populations. © Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2014.
Effect of maternal age on pregnancy: A retrospective cohort study; Background In the last few decades, there has been a delay in first-time pregnancies, and the average age of women at the time of delivery has increased in many countries. Advanced maternal age is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. This study aimed to determine the present trends and pregnancy outcomes related to maternal age in China. Methods Data were collected from 39 hospitals in mainland of China. All deliveries were performed after 28 completed weeks of gestation and between January 1 and December 31, 2011. In total, 110 450 of 112 441 cases were included in the study. All enrolled cases were divided into 6 age groups with 5-year intervals. The χ2 test or Fisher's exact test and unadjusted binary-Logistic regression were used for statistical analysis. Results The mean age at the time of delivery was 28.18±4.70 years (range, 14-52 years). The teenage group (15-19 years) had a higher risk than the 25-29-year old group for anemia (odds ratio (OR), 1.4), preeclampsia (OR, 1.6), preterm birth (OR, 2.1), low birth weight neonates (OR, 2.3), and perinatal mortality (OR, 3.6). The 35-39-year old group and ≥40-year-old group had a higher risk than the 25-29-year-old group for leiomyoma (OR, 4.2 vs. 5.8), pregestational diabetes (OR, 2.2 vs. 3.8), chronic hypertension (OR, 4.6 vs. 6.5), gestational diabetes (OR, 2.6 vs. 3.5), preeclampsia (OR, 2.5 vs. 3.6), premature delivery (OR, 1.8 vs. 2.4), postpartum hemorrhage (OR, 1.5 vs. 1.7), placenta previa (OR, 2.7 vs. 4.0), placental abruption (OR, 1.4 vs. 2.5), cesarean delivery (OR, 2.1 vs. 2.5), macrosomia (OR, 1.2 vs. 1.2), low birth weight neonates (OR, 1.6 vs. 2.3), and perinatal mortality (OR, 1.6 vs. 3.7). Conclusion Maternal and neonatal risks are higher during the teenage years and at an advanced maternal age; 20-30 years of age is the lowest risk period for pregnancy and delivery.
Pregnancy care in women older than 40 years and after egg donation; Pregnancies in older women are increasing. These women often have comorbidities. These pregnancies, spontaneous, after IVF or egg donation are at high risk of complications, particularly hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, low birth weight, and delivery by cesarean section. Women with Turner syndrome can conceive only by egg donation and are at very high risk of cardiovascular complications. Screening of these comorbidities and pregnancy care by maternal-fetal medicine specialists, with pluridisciplinary collaboration, are mandatory. Delivery in a tertiary care center able to offer optimal care to the mothers and their newborns is recommended.
Complications of gestational diabetes; In 1988, Reaven proposed that resistance to insulin-stimulated glucose uptake (insulin resistance) and secondary hyperinsulinaemia are involved in the aetiology of three major related diseases: cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and hypertension. He coined the term syndrome X, which was later modified to metabolic syndrome. Metabolic syndrome describes a group of abnormalities that increase the risk for cardiovascular disease: resistance to insulin-stimulated glucose uptake, glucose intolerance, hyperinsulinaemia, increased triglyceride, decreased HDL cholesterol, and hypertension. Obesity is the most important risk factor for metabolic syndrome. In the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) metabolic syndrome was present in 4.6, 22.4, and 59.6% of normal weight, overweight, and obese men, respectively. Insulin resistance and hyperinsulinaemia may be the basic common ground of elevated blood pressure and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Both diseases predispose to long-term cardiovascular complications. © 2014 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
International recommandations on physical exercise for pregnant women; Benefits of physical exercise on the physical and psychological health lead to specifics guidelines during pregnancy. For pregnant women, to take part in aerobics exercise (walking, biking) (i.e. 30minutes, three times per week at 60-90% of the maximal heart rate) and strength training (i.e. one to two times per week) is recommended. Physical exercise programs during pregnancy have shown benefits for preventing and treating complications pregnancy (e.g. gestational diabetes mellitus, overweight). Benefits of exercise and risks associated with sedentary should be widely diffused among pregnant women and prenatal caregivers. © 2014 Elsevier Masson SAS.
Is abnormal glucose metabolism during pregnancy related to endothelial dysfunction?; Objective: Endothelial dysfunction is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular events. We aimed to investigate the relationship between endothelial dysfunction and gestational diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance. Methods: Pregnant women who had impaired glucose metabolism in the 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and their age-and body mass index-matched controls were included in the study and assessed for flow-mediated vasodilatation to evaluate endothelial dysfunction. Results: A total of 51 patients participated in the study. There were 20 patients in the control group, 13 in the impaired glucose tolerance group and 18 in the gestational diabetes mellitus group. Flow-mediated vasodilatation measured at the 60th and 120th seconds were significantly lower in the impaired glucose tolerance and gestational diabetes mellitus groups than in the control group (8.5±5.7 and 8.9±6.5 versus 14.9±9.0, p=0.022 and 6.2±6.7 and 5.2±5.0 versus 12.0±8.3, p=0.011, respectively). Conclusions: Patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance have impaired endothelial dysfunction. Delivery might have protective effects on endothelial functions. The significance of impaired endothelial dysfunction for pregnant women must be investigated, and if needed, lifestyle changes might be suggested, according to the determined importance of the endothelial dysfunction. © 2014 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension and diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes hospitalization in the year following delivery; Although pregnancy events predict the long-term risk of chronic disease, little is known about their short-term impact because of the rarity of clinical events. We examined hospital discharge diagnoses linked to birth certificate data in the year following delivery for 849,639 births during 1995-2004 in New York City, New York. Adjusted odds ratios characterized the relationship between pregnancy complications and subsequent hospitalization for cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes. Gestational hypertension was related to heart failure (adjusted odds ratio = 2.6, 95% confidence interval: 1.5, 4.5). Preeclampsia was related to all of the outcomes considered except type 1 diabetes, with adjusted odds ratios ranging from 2.0 to 4.1. Gestational diabetes was strongly related to the risk of subsequent diabetes (for type 1 diabetes, adjusted odds ratio = 40.4, 95% confidence interval: 23.8, 68.5; for type 2 diabetes, adjusted odds ratio = 22.6, 95% confidence interval: 16.9, 30.4) but to no other outcomes. The relationship of pregnancy complications to future chronic disease is apparent as early as the year following delivery. Moreover, elucidating short-term clinical outcomes offers the potential for etiological insights into the relationship between pregnancy events and chronic disease over the life course. © 2014 The Author 2014.
Diabetes in the Western Pacific Region-Past, Present and Future; In the 2013 issue of the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) Diabetes Atlas, the prevalence of diabetes in the Western Pacific (WP) Region was reported to be 8.6% in 2013, or 138 million adults, and estimated to rise to 11.1%, or 201 million adults, in 2035. The prevalence estimates of impaired glucose tolerance in 2013 and 2035 were 6.8% and 9.0%, respectively. Over 50% of people with diabetes were undiagnosed. In 2013, 187 million deaths were attributable to diabetes, 44% of which occurred in the under the age of 60. The WP Region is home to one quarter of the world's population, and includes China with the largest number of people with diabetes as well as Pacific Islands countries with the highest prevalence rates. There is a rapid increase in diabetes prevalence in the young-to-middle aged adults, possibly driven by high rates of childhood obesity and gestational diabetes as well as rapid demographic and sociocultural transitions. Differences in genetics, ethnicity, cultures and socioeconomic development have led to complex host-environment-lifestyle interactions with marked disease heterogeneity, further influenced by access to care and treatment. Despite these challenges, the WP Region has provided notable examples to prevent and control diabetes. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Adverse intrauterine environment and gamete/embryo-fetal origins of diseases; The 'fetal origins of adult disease (FOAD)' hypothesis proposes that developmental programming during gestation may influence adult health and disease [1]. It suggests a process where events occurring at critical, or sensitive, periods of fetal development, permanently alter structure, physiology, or metabolism. These changes predispose affected individuals to diseases in later life. Barker and his colleagues were the first to develop the concept of FOAD based on significant associations between low birthweight and the risk of chronic diseases in adulthood, including coronary artery disease, hypertension and stroke, type 2 diabetes, and osteoporosis. Several other groups confirmed associations between birthweight and adult health in other populations. These adverse intrauterine environments include gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), intrauterine undernutrition and pre-eclampsia, which are common and severe gestational complications. Furthermore, certain antenatal nutritional disturbances can increase the risk of diseases later in life without affecting fetal growth. In this chapter, we will discuss the evidence related to adverse intrauterine environment and embryo-fetal origins of diseases. © Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht 2014. All rights are reserved.
Pregnancy outcome in hyperthyroidism: A case control study; Background: Data comparing pregnancy outcome in hyperthyroid women with euthyroid women are scarce. Hence, this study was carried out to assess the maternal and fetal outcome in pregnant women with hyperthyroidism to ascertain the effect of disease on pregnancy. Methodology: This retrospective study was conducted over a period of 28 years. We compared the maternal and fetal outcomes of 208 hyperthyroid women with 403 healthy controls, between women with well-controlled and uncontrolled disease and amongst women diagnosed with hyperthyroidism before and during pregnancy. Results: Maternal outcome: women with hyperthyroidism were at increased risk for preeclampsia (OR = 3.94), intrauterine growth restriction (OR = 2.16), spontaneous preterm labor (OR = 1.73), preterm birth (OR = 1.7), gestational diabetes mellitus (OR = 1.8), and cesarean delivery (OR = 1.47). Hyperthyroid women required induction of labor more frequently (OR = 3.61). Fetal outcome: newborns of hyperthyroid mothers had lower birth weight than normal ones (p = 0.0001). Women with uncontrolled disease had higher odds for still birth (OR = 8.42; 95% CI: 2.01-35.2) and lower birth weight (p = 0.0001). Conclusions: Obstetrical complications were higher in women with hyperthyroidism than normal women. Outcome was worsened by uncontrolled disease. Women with pregestational hyperthyroidism had better outcomes than those diagnosed with it during pregnancy. © 2014 S. Karger AG, Basel.
ECG body surface mapping in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and optimal metabolic compensation; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for cardiovascular diseases (CVD) events compared with women without GDM. The aim of the present study was to evaluate 200 parameters of the heart electric field in 35 women with GDM under optimal glycemic compensation compared to 32 healthy pregnant women. All examinations were performed in the 36th week of gestation. The parameters in ECG body surface mapping (BSM) were registered by the diagnostic system Cardiag 112.2. The absolute values of maximum and minimum in depolarization and repolarization isopotential, isointegral and isoarea maps were not significantly different between the groups. These findings correspond to the result of heart rate variability examination. However BSM revealed the significant prolongation of QRS complex (p=0.05), shortening of ventricular myocardial activation time (ICHVAT) (p=0.01), prolongation of mean QT duration (p=0.01) and increase of QT interval dispersion (p=0.01) in women with GDM. Duration of QRS and ICHVAT significantly correlated with interventricular septum and posterior wall thickness in GDM group, QTd interval correlated significantly with HbA1C level. We conclude that despite of optimal metabolic control several significant abnormalities detected by ECG BSM are still present in patients with GDM. © 2014 Institute of Physiology v.v.i.
Biochemical view on: Precocious markers of cardiovascular risk and vascular damage in apparently healthy women with previous gestational diabetes; Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus have an increased risk of developing diabetes mellitus, which is a known risk factor for cardiovascular disease and insulin resistance. In the recently published article by Zajdenverg et al., they aimed to identify endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. However, authors did not evaluate the role of total homocysteine, which has important effects for endothelial dysfunction. Vitamin B12 and folic acid are important vitamins since their deficiency may lead to the probable microvascular abnormalities by increasing the tHcy, which is an independent risk factor for endothelial dysfunction. © 2015 Kayadibi et al.; licensee BioMed Central.
Correlation between atherogenic risk and adiponectin in gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction and objective. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pregnancy complication which increases the risk for maternal and foetal complications during pregnancy, and also significantly increases the cardiovascular risk for women's health in the postpartum. Current literature provides contradictory information on the role of adiponectin (AdipoQ) in the course of GDM. The aim of the study was to measure AdipoQ concentration in blood of women with GDM and to find correlations between this adipokine and clinical and biochemical parameters of the atherogenic risk. Material and methods. The GDM group included 50 women diagnosed with GDM between 24 - 28 weeks of gestation who underwent routine prenatal tests for GDM in compliance with the guidelines of the Polish Diabetes Association. All patients underwent clinical and laboratory evaluation at GDM diagnosis. Laboratory tests included serum AdipoQ concentration, fasting glucose and insulin, OGTT, lipid parameters, C-reactive protein and fibrinogen in serum. Results. The GDM group showed significantly elevated fasting glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR values, total cholesterol, LDLcholesterol and triglicerydes as compared with the control group (p<0.05). The atherogenic index, CRP, fibrinogen in women with GDM were significantly higher than in the control group (p<0.05). AdipoQ concentrations did not differ significantly between the groups during gestation (p=0.7054). No correlations, except with the neonatal weight (r= - 0.29, p<0.05), were found between AdipoQ and the studied parameters. Conclusions. Based on the conducted studies, it may be conclude that women with early diagnosed and promptly treated GDM have a normal adiponectin level, although insulin resistant changes and increased cardiovascular risk in basic metabolic parameters are observed. Moreover, adiponectin does not reflect the atherogenic risk in pregnant women with GDM.
Autonomic modulation in gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and positional aortocaval compression on cardiovascular autonomic nervous system (ANS) function in late pregnancy. Methods Pregnant women with (n = 31) and without (n = 12) GDM were evaluated at 30-35 weeks gestation and 2-3 months postpartum. Measures of ANS function included power spectral analysis (performed sitting) and RR-variation during deep breathing (performed supine). Time-related changes (late pregnancy versus 2-3 months postpartum) for measurements of cardiovascular ANS function were analyzed using multivariate analysis of variance for repeated measures. Results Baseline characteristics were similar for both groups. Comparing ANS measures for GDM + versus GDM - women during pregnancy and postpartum revealed no significant differences. Time related changes indicated that during late pregnancy total spectral power, low frequency (LF) power, high frequency (HF) power, and RR-variation during deep breathing were significantly reduced (p < 0.001 for all). The LF/HF ratio, however, was not significantly affected during late pregnancy (p = 0.678). Conclusions Our results suggest decreased activity in both branches of the ANS during mid-third trimester pregnancy, but no significant change in sympathovagal balance. Aortocaval compression appears to affect ANS function whether tests were performed sitting or supine for GDM + and GDM - women. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
The anesthetic approach to operative delivery of the extremely obese parturient; Extreme obesity (BMI ≥ 40) is thought to complicate approximately 5% of deliveries in the United States. Extreme obesity puts a pregnant woman at an increased risk for cardiovascular disease, including hypertension, coronary artery disease, and congestive heart failure; respiratory disease, including obstructive sleep apnea and asthma; as well as pregnancy-specific diseases including pregnancy-induced hypertension and gestational diabetes. Extreme obesity also puts a parturient at a significantly increased risk of requiring cesarean delivery. For the anesthesiologist, the physiologic changes of obesity combined with the normal physiologic changes of pregnancy can make for a complex and challenging case. This review will focus on the anesthetic approach to the extremely obese parturient undergoing scheduled operative delivery. With proper planning and a detailed understanding of the patient[U+05F3]s comorbidities, a safe and effective anesthetic can be achieved. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
The relationship between epicardial fat thickness and gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with cardiovascular diseases; however, the relationship between epicardial fat thickness (EFT) and GDM remains unclear. The present study evaluates and compares EFT using transthoracic echocardiography in pregnant women with GDM. Materials and methods: This cross-sectional study included 129 pregnant women in the third trimester: 65 with GDM (GDM group) and 64 with uncomplicated pregnancies (control group). As defined by the World Health Organization, the diagnosis of GDM was based on an abnormal 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results. We used echocardiography to measure EFT in blood samples for all the participants. Results: The postprandial blood glucose level was significantly higher in the GDM group than in the control group (P < 0.001). There were no significant differences in BMI, heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure or lipid parameters between the groups. In the GDM group, isovolumic relaxation time (IVRT) parameters were significantly higher than in the control group. EFT was significantly higher in the GDM group (P < 0.001) and was correlated with postprandial glucose, BMI, age, and heart rate in both the groups. Only postprandial glucose and BMI remained significantly associated with EFT after multiple stepwise regression analysis. Conclusion: Echocardiographically measured EFT was significantly higher in the patients with GDM. The findings show that EFT was strongly correlated with postprandial glucose. © 2014 Nar et al.
Diabetes mellitus; Introduction Diabetes mellitus is a chronic disorder, characterized by raised glucose levels in blood (hyperglycaemia) and urine (glycosuria). The cause may be inherited and/or acquired deficiency of insulin production by the pancreas, or insulin resistance, where the insulin produced is ineffective. Increased blood glucose concentrations can cause structural damage, particularly to blood vessels and nerves. Microvascular complications of diabetes (diabetic retinopathy, nephropathy and neuropathy) bring problems of blindness, kidney failure, foot ulcers, gangrene and erectile impotence. However, heart disease accounts for around 50% of deaths of people with diabetes. Management involves striving to maintain blood glucose at near-normal levels through behaviour change and medication, prevention or early detection and treatment of microvascular complications and reduction of cardiovascular risk, including hypertension, lipids and weight. There are three main forms of diabetes. Type 1 diabetes usually develops in childhood or early adulthood. The pancreas stops producing insulin, so insulin by injection or infusion pump is essential for survival. Inhaled insulin is under evaluation. Type 2 diabetes typically begins in late adulthood, though maturity onset diabetes of the young (MODY) is increasing in children. Often, though not always, associated with high body mass index, insulin production and/or the body’s response to insulin declines. Management initially involves diet and exercise, perhaps with tablets to increase insulin production or uptake. In time, insulin may be required. The third form, gestational diabetes, is not considered in detail here. Diabetes prevalence is increasing rapidly worldwide, with notable ethnic differences. © Cambridge University Press 2007.
Heterogeneity of cardiovascular risk factors profile in non-diabetic women 2-24 months post gestational diabetes mellitus; Previously gestational diabetic (pGDM) women are characterized by high cardiovascular risk (CVR). The aim of this study was to assess the CVR markers levels in non-diabetic pGDM women in relation to time postpartum and to soluble E-selectin (sES) level. We investigated 125 women aged 18-40 years with a history of GDM between 2 and 24 months after their pregnancy. We evaluated age, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, glucose levels during the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), levels of insulin and the parameters of endothelial dysfunction, fibrinolysis activity, low-grade systemic inflammation and lipid profiles. Prediabetes was identified in 38 women (30%), while in the remaining women OGTT results were normal. The tests performed >6 months revealed decreased hs-CRP (p=0.01), sICAM-1 (p=0.01), and elevated sES (p=0.01) >12 months after adjustment for age, BMI, waist circumference and 2h OGTT glucose. In the subgroup tested 12 months after an index pregnancy sES was independently associated with hs-CRP (p<0.0001) and triglycerides (p=0.0139). No association was found between sES and remaining parameters in women tested >12 months postpartum. We conclude that the period 2-24 months post GDM is heterogeneous with respect to the CVR markers. The plasma level of hs-CRP could be useful as an important cardiovascular risk marker up to 12 months postpartum in non-diabetic pGDM women. © 2014 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved: reproduction in whole or part not permitted.
Biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction in relation to impaired carbohydrate metabolism following pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: History of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a very young population of femalespredisposed for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Endothelial dysfunction might represent a sharedprecursor of both disorders. Hence, this study aimed to characterize endothelial biomarkers in relation to impairedinsulin sensitivity and progression to overt diabetes early after index pregnancy.Methods: 108 women with previous GDM and 40 controls were included three to six months after delivery andunderwent specific metabolic assessments including a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test andan oral glucose tolerance test. Diabetes progression was assessed in females with pGDM over 10 years of follow-up.Circulating sICAM-1 (intracellular-adhesion-molecule-1), sVCAM-1 (vascular-cell-adhesion-molecule-1) and sE-selectin,representing biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction were assessed at baseline and annually over five years.Results: Endothelial biomarkers were significantly associated with insulin sensitivity (sICAM-1: r = -0.23, p = 0.009;sVCAM-1: r = -0.22, p = 0.011; sE-selectin: r = -0.21, p = 0.018) as well as with GDM status and parameters of subtleinflammation. Analysis of long-term trajectories revealed constantly elevated sICAM-1 (p = 0.033) and sE-selectin(p = 0.007) in 25 subjects with diabetes progression. Accordingly, sE-selectin levels at the early post partum visitpredicted a later development of the disease (HR =1.02 95%CI 1.01 to 1.04, p = 0.013), however, this was attenuatedafter adjustment for BMI.Conclusions: Elevated circulating markers of endothelial dysfunction in young females with GDM history mightreflect an early stage on the pathway to the manifestation of future cardiometabolic disorders. Timely identificationof women at high risk and optimization of follow-up management might provide an opportunity to prevent diseaseprogression. © 2014 Göbl et al.
The optimal control of blood glucose is associated with normal blood pressure 24 hours profile and prevention of the left ventricular remodeling in the patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of the optimal diabetes control on the left ventricular parameters and ambulatory blood pressure in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: The patients with GDM were followed up according to predetermined protocol in order to optimize blood glucose and optimal weight gain. Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) and transthoracal and tissue echocardiography were examined in 36th week of pregnancy. RESULTS: The age of 35 women with GDM was 33.1±3 and 30.5±4.4 years in 31 healthy control subjects (p=0.2). Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) in the patients with GDM was 5.0±0.5 mmol/L compared to 4.6±0.3 mmol/L in control subjects (p=0.002). Average weight gain during pregnancy was significantly lower in women with GDM; 10±7.6 kg vs. 13.1±3.7 kg in healthy pregnant women (p=0.05). No significant differences were recorded in 24 hours mean heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure and number of nondippers between both groups. The significant correlation was detected between FPG and blood pressure dipping in subjects with GDM. Interventricular septal, posterior wall and relative wall thickness of the left ventricle were significantly higher in patients with GDM comparing to healthy pregnant women but no significant differences of the left ventricular functions were recorded. CONCLUSION: The optimal control of diabetes in GDM is associated with normal 24 hours blood pressure profile and prevention of the left ventricular function changes in GDM patients. The differences in the left ventricular walls thicknesses may be explained by metabolic changes in GDM. ©2014 Neuroendocrinology Letters.
Gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy as vascular risk signals: An overview and grading of the evidence; The occurrence of common pregnancy-related medical disorders identifies women at high risk of developing future vascular disease. Systematic reviews of cohort studies demonstrate that gestational diabetes confers a 7-fold risk increase for type 2 diabetes, and preeclampsia confers a 1.8-fold risk increase for type 2 diabetes and 3.4-fold risk increase for hypertension. Gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) increase the risk of premature vascular disease, but the 2-fold risk increase associated with preeclampsia is only partially explained by the development of traditional vascular risk factors. Despite the compelling evidence for gestational diabetes and HDP as vascular risk indicators, there are no published Canadian vascular prevention guidelines that recognize these postpartum women. In contrast, the 2011 American Heart Association guidelines on cardiovascular disease in women include gestational diabetes and HDP in their vascular risk assessment. Studies indicate that the importance surveillance of vascular risk factors in these women after pregnancy is underappreciated by the women themselves and their physicians. Although a prudent diet and physically active lifestyle were demonstrated to reduce diabetes risk in women with a gestational diabetes history in the American Diabetes Prevention Program trial, adoption of these health behaviours is low; qualitative studies confirm a need for tailored strategies that address barriers and provide social support. Further research is also needed on approaches to reduce vascular risk in women with a history of gestational diabetes and HDP. Otherwise, an early window of opportunity for chronic disease prevention in young, high-risk women will be missed. © 2014 Canadian Cardiovascular Society.
Beneficial effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in gestational diabetes: Consequences in macrosomia and adulthood obesity; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are increasingly being used to prevent cardiovascular diseases, including diabetes and obesity. In this paper, we report data on the observed effects of omega-3 PUFA on major metabolic disorders and immune system disruption during gestational diabetes and their consequences on macrosomia. While controversies still exist about omega-3 PUFA effects on antioxidant status regarding the level of omega-3 PUFA in diet supplementation, their lipid-lowering effects are unanimously recognized by researchers. Animal studies have shown that omega-3 PUFA contributes to the maintenance of the immune defense system by promoting the differentiation of T helper (Th) cell to a Th2 phenotype in diabetic pregnancy and by shifting the Th1/Th2 ratio from a deleterious proinflammatory Th1 phenotype to a protective anti-inflammatory Th2 phenotype in macrosomia and in adulthood obesity that results from macrosomia at birth. Based on the available evidence, international nutritional and food agencies recommend administration of omega-3 PUFA as triglyceride-lowering agents, for the prevention of cardiovascular disease risk and during human pregnancy and lactation. Furthermore, studies targeting humans are still required to explore application of the fatty acids as supplement in the management of gestational diabetes and inflammatory and immune diseases. © 2015 Akadiri Yessoufou et al.
Recognizing pregnancy-associated cardiovascular risk factors; Preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, or pregnancy-induced hypertension identify a woman at risk for cardiovascular disease. This information should be incorporated into the routine cardiovascular risk assessment for women, as a basis for appropriate risk factor screening, counseling, and preventive interventions. There is need for development and validation of a clinometric tool to assess cardiovascular risk and guide management. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The maternal health clinic: An initiative for cardiovascular risk identification in women with pregnancy-related complications; Objective Women who develop certain common pregnancy complications have a greater chance of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. However, most health care providers do not provide postpartum cardiovascular risk counselling or follow-up. The Maternal Health Clinic was established to address this gap in care. It targets women at increased risk of CVD to inspire lifestyle changes, encourage long-term follow-up, and initiate primary prevention. Here, we summarize results from the first 17 months of completed clinic visits. Study Design Patients experiencing at least one relevant complication in their index pregnancy were referred to the Maternal Health Clinic through standard postpartum order sheets. Patients underwent a complete assessment including screening history, physical examination, fasting bloodwork, and urinalysis. Lifetime and 30-year CVD risk estimates, along with a metabolic syndrome calculation, were determined for each patient. Results Complications most commonly leading to referral were gestational diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance (32.7%), preeclampsia (29.3%), preterm birth (29.3%), and gestational hypertension (19.6%). The clinic analysis group (n = 92) was compared with a healthy control group from the PreEclampsia New Emerging Team study (n = 118). Patients in the clinic analysis group had significantly increased lifetime and 30-year CVD risk estimates compared with healthy controls (P <.0001). Furthermore, 17.4% of the clinic analysis group had metabolic syndrome, compared with 6.78% of healthy controls (P <.05). Conclusion This study demonstrates that the Maternal Health Clinic accurately identifies postpartum patients that have underlying cardiovascular risks which make them susceptible to CVD. The clinic may serve as an effective primary prevention strategy. © 2014 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Maternal and newborn outcomes among women with schizophrenia: A retrospective population-based cohort study; Objective More women with schizophrenia are becoming pregnant, such that contemporary data are needed about maternal and newborn outcomes in this potentially vulnerable group. We aimed to quantify maternal and newborn health outcomes among women with schizophrenia. Design Retrospective cohort study. Setting Population based in Ontario, Canada, from 2002 to 2011. Population Ontario women aged 15-49 years who gave birth to a liveborn or stillborn singleton infant. Methods Women with schizophrenia (n = 1391) were identified based on either an inpatient diagnosis or two or more outpatient physician service claims for schizophrenia within 5 years prior to conception. The reference group comprised 432 358 women without diagnosed mental illness within the 5 years preceding conception in the index pregnancy. Main outcome measures The primary maternal outcomes were gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, and venous thromboembolism. The primary neonatal outcomes were preterm birth, and small and large birthweight for gestational age (SGA and LGA). Secondary outcomes included additional key perinatal health indicators. Results Schizophrenia was associated with a higher risk of pre-eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio, aOR 1.84; 95% confidence interval, 95% CI 1.28-2.66), venous thromboembolism (aOR 1.72, 95% CI 1.04-2.85), preterm birth (aOR 1.75, 95% CI 1.46-2.08), SGA (aOR 1.49, 95% CI 1.19-1.86), and LGA (aOR 1.53, 95% CI 1.17-1.99). Women with schizophrenia also required more intensive hospital resources, including operative delivery and admission to a maternal intensive care unit, paralleled by higher neonatal morbidity. Conclusions Women with schizophrenia are at higher risk of multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes, paralleled by higher neonatal morbidity. Attention should focus on interventions to reduce the identified health disparities. © 2014 Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and later cardiovascular disease: A Swedish population based case-control study; Objective: To identify if gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a clinically useful marker of future cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk and if GDM combined with other risks (smoking, hypertension or body mass) identifies high-risk groups.; Design: Population-based matched case-control study.; Setting: National Swedish register data from 1991 to 2008.; Population: A total of 2639 women with a cardiovascular event and matched controls.; Methods: Conditional logistic regression examined associations with CVD before and after adjustment for conventional risk factors and confounders. Effect modification for the association of GDM with CVD by body mass index (BMI), smoking and chronic hypertension was assessed by stratification and interaction testing. Adjustment for diabetes post-pregnancy evaluated its mediating role.; Main: outcome measures Inpatient diagnoses or causes of death identifying ischemic heart disease, ischemic stroke, atherosclerosis or peripheral vascular disease.; Results: The adjusted odds ratios (and 95% confidence intervals) for the association of CVD with GDM are 1.51 (1.07-2.14), 2.23 (2.01-2.48) for smoking, 1.98 (1.71-2.29) for obesity and 5.10 (3.18-8.18) for chronic hypertension. In stratified analysis the association of CVD with GDM was only seen among women with BMI ≥25, with an odds ratio of 2.39 (1.39-4.10), but only women with a BMI <30 accounted for this increased risk. Adjustment for post-pregnancy diabetes attenuated it somewhat to 1.99 (1.13-3.52).; Conclusions: In the absence of other recognised cardiovascular risk factors, such as smoking, obesity or chronic hypertension, GDM is a useful marker of raised CVD risk among women with BMI between 25 and 29. © 2014 The Authors.
Increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease after diabetes gravidarum; Objective To determine the longterm risk of developing type II diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) for women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. Design Systematic review and metaanalysis. Method Two search strategies were used in PubMed and Embase to determine the longterm risks of developing T2D and CVD after a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus. After critical appraisal of the papers found, 11 papers were included, involving a total of 328,423 patients. Absolute and relative risks (RRs) were calculated. Results Eight studies (n=276,829) reported on the longterm risk of T2D and 4 (n=141,048) on the longterm risk of CVD. Followup ranged from 3.5 to 11.5 years for T2D and from 1.2 to 74.0 years for CVD. Women with gestational diabetes had a risk of T2D varying between 9.5% and 37.0% and a risk of CVD of between 0.28% and 15.5%. Women with gestational diabetes were at increased risk of T2D (weighted RR: 13.2 95% CI: 8.520.7) and CVD (weighted RR: 2.0 95% CI: 1.13.7) compared to women without gestational diabetes. Conclusion Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus have a significantly increased risk of developing T2D and CVD. It is very important that gestational diabetes is recognised as a cardiovascular risk factor in daily practice. It would be desirable to screen this group of women for the presence of hyperglycaemia and other cardiovascular risk factors. Further research is required to be able to specify the longterm risk of T2D and CVD and to demonstrate whether such screening is costeffective. Conflict of interest: none declared. Financial support: none declared.
Assessment of selected anthropometric parameters in children exposed to gestational diabetes in utero - Preliminary results; Introduction. Current studies show uncreased risk of obesity cardiovascular diseases and diabetes mellitus in children exposed to gestational diabetes in utero. Aim. The aim of this study was to assess the selected anthropometric parameters in children exposed to gestational diabetes in utero. Material and methods. 43 children, 7-15 years of age, exposed to gestational diabetes in utero were included in the study. Data including mother's pregestational anthropometric parameters, the course of pregnancy and anthropometric parameters of a newborn were obtained from the interview and medical records. Pediatric physical examination with Tanner assessment of pubertal development was conducted. In children and mothers the height and body mass were measured, and body mass index (BMI) was calculated. In participants of the study waist and hip circumferences were measured. Results. Higher birth weight (p=0.02), head and chest circumferences (p=0,02 and p=0.03) were observed in newborns of mothers with pregestational overweight and obesity. The analysis of newborns growth parameters and type of gestational diabetes did not show a significant difference. Obesity (BMI z 95th percentile) was diagnosed in 9 children (20.9 %) and overweight (BMI between 85th and 94th percentile) in 6 participants (13.9%). Higher body mass (p=0.02), BMI (p=0.02) and waist circumference (p-0.03) were observed in children who reached III-V Tanner stage, comparing to participants in Tanner Ml. Higher body mass, BMI, waist and hip circumferences were observed in the offspring of mothers with pregestational overweight and obesity. Mothers of children with BMI > 90th percentile currently show higher body mass and BMI in comparison to mothers of slimmer participants. Conclusions. Excessive body weight before pregnancy in mothers with gestational diabetes can influence not only the anthropometric parameters of newborns and lead to fetal macrosomy, but also can be a predisposing factor for overweight and obesity in later childhood. © Copyright by PTEiDD 2014.
Chorioangioma - a case study; Chorioangioma (chorionic angioma) is the most common non-malignant placental tumor. Taking into account its morphological structure, it can have significant influence on fetal condition and pregnancy, depending on its size. In the presented case a substantial placental tumor was diagnosed and complications typical for chorioangioma, such as fetal hemodynamic disorders, polyhydramnios, gestational diabetes and premature labor, were observed. The applied treatment led to normalization of the fetal and maternal condition and to prolongation of the pregnancy. © Polskie Towarzystwo Ginekologiczne.
Application of glycated hemoglobin in the perinatal period; Glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) is a special fragment formed by the binding of glucose to the C chain or D chain of hemoglobin A and as a result of non-enzymatic catalysis of mature hemoglobin and glucose, which is an indicator used to evaluate the blood glucose control in diabetes mellitus (DM) patients. Recent researches indicated that HbA1c could be applied in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pregnancy combined DM, and increasing of HbA1c was close associated with adverse outcomes of women with pregnancy combined DM and GDM. HbA1c was reported to have a significant importance in monitoring congenital malformation, abortion, perinatal mortality, preeclampsia, postpartum abnormal glucose metabolism, vascular complications and so on, which could be a test item during the second trimester. Sensitivity of HbA1c in diagnoses of DM is lower than oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), thus OGTT is still the golden standard of GDM. Emphasis should be put on standardization of detection and threshold of HbA1c and establishment of HbA1c normal ranges of different trimesters, when HbA1c is used to diagnose pregnancy combined DM and GDM, and evaluate effects of treatments. © 2014, Int J Clin Exp Med. All rights reserved.
The relationship and potential mechanistic pathways between sleep disturbances and maternal hyperglycemia topical collection on diabetes and pregnancy; This paper reviews recent work investigating the influence of sleep disturbances on maternal hyperglycemia, particularly gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The incidence and prevalence of hyperglycemia are increasing worldwide, which is cause for concern because GDM and even mild hyperglycemia are associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. A better understanding of sleep-related risk factors for maternal hyperglycemia is an important health matter. Evidence demonstrates associations between sleep disturbances, especially sleep-disordered breathing, and hyperglycemia, but causal effects and the underlying mechanisms linking these conditions have not been fully elucidated. Subjective sleep assessments show associations between sleep disturbances and maternal hyperglycemia. There are, however, few studies using objective measures to support these findings. Large prospective studies are required to examine causal relationships between sleep disturbances and maternal hyperglycemia. There is also a need for smaller mechanistic studies to understand the pathophysiology. Furthermore, interventional studies are required to address whether improvement of sleep parameters can prevent/decrease the risk of developing maternal hyperglycemia. Taken together, the data suggests that sleep disturbances during pregnancy are important to identify and manage in order to minimize maternal hyperglycemia and GDM, and improve maternal and fetal well-being. © 2014 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Use of the myocardial performance index as a prognostic indicator of adverse fetal outcome in poorly controlled gestational diabetic pregnancies; What is known about the topic?Fetal complications in gestational diabetes without microvascular complications are related to fetal hyperinsulinism. Our present prenatal surveillance techniques in diabetic pregnancies are neither appropriate nor sufficient as a monitoring tool. Impaired cardiac function in fetuses of diabetic pregnancies has been documented, but no link to adverse outcome has been demonstrated. What this study adds to the topic?This study has established an association between fetal cardiac dysfunction and abnormal fetal outcomes in poorly controlled gestational diabetic pregnancies. There seems to be an association between severity of the myocardial performance index elevation and rates of abnormal outcomes. Myocardial performance index may be an attractive monitoring tool of the fetus in poorly controlled diabetic pregnancy. Objective: The aim of this study was to determine whether there are any changes in cardiac function in fetuses of poorly controlled gestational diabetics and whether these changes influence perinatal outcome. Methods: Twenty-nine pregnant women with severe gestational diabetes on insulin therapy in the third trimester of pregnancy were recruited and matched with 29 women with normal pregnancies (control group). Using Doppler echocardiography, the modified myocardial performance index (Mod-MPI) and E wave/A wave peak velocities (E/A) ratios were determined. Placental resistance Doppler markers were also determined in both groups. Adverse perinatal outcome was defined as perinatal death, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, cord pH <7.15, 5-min Apgar score <7 and presence of cardiomyopathy. Results: The median Mod-MPI was increased (0.59 vs 0.38; p<0.0001) and the E/A ratio was decreased (0.65 vs 0.76; p<0.0001) in fetuses of diabetic mothers compared with controls. An MPI >0.52 had a sensitivity of 100% [95% confidence interval (CI) 85-100%] and specificity of 92% (95% CI 70-92%) for prediction of adverse perinatal outcome, including one stillbirth and one neonatal death. No abnormal outcomes occurred in the control group. Conclusions: There is significant impairment of cardiac function in fetuses of poorly controlled gestational diabetics. Mod-MPI and E/A ratio have the potential to improve fetal surveillance in diabetic pregnancies. © 2014 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Circulating apelin levels are associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes; Purpose: Women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) are at high risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disorders. In this study, we aimed to compare plasma apelin levels between women with and without pGDM, and to investigate the possible association of apelin with cardiometabolic risk factors. Methods: Among 252 consecutive Caucasian women with GDM being included in a prospective postpartum follow-up protocol, 141 women eligible for the study protocol were enrolled. Control group consisted of 49 age- and body mass index-matched healthy women without pGDM. Circulating apelin, IL-6 and plasminogen activator inhibitor levels, and carotid intima media thickness (IMT) were measured. To evaluate carbohydrate intolerance, 75-g oral glucose tolerance test was performed. Fasting insulin and lipids were measured, and homeostasis model assessment index was calculated. Results: Plasma apelin levels were reduced in women with pGDM (p < 0.001). In multiple regression analysis, apelin was negatively associated with fasting (r 2 0.090, β -0.273, p = 0.001) and post-load glucose (r 2 0.061, β -0.187, p = 0.022), serum IL-6 (r 2 0.082, β -0.234, p = 0.002), and carotid IMT (r 2 0.057, β -0.168, p = 0.033). Conclusions: Our results suggested that suppressed apelin levels were associated with increased cardiovascular risk in women with pGDM. © 2013 Springer-Verlag.
An integrative approach to the patient with thrombophilia; Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a multifactorial disease that results from a conjunction of several risk factors, both inherited and acquired. The younger the person, the more risk factors are required to cause the disease. Since 1937, when the term thrombophilia was coined by Nygaard and Brown, and 1965 when it was used for the first time by Egeberg, a substantial increase in the percentage of patients with VTE and underlying thrombophilia has been reported, particularly after the discovery of the most common thrombophilic mutations, FV Leiden and Fll G20210A. Presence of thrombophilia could be detected in as many as 50% of all patients with VTE. Thrombophilia testing has increased lately not only in patients with thromboses but also for other indications, however, whether the results will help in the clinical management of the patients is still unclear. Thrombophilia testing is most commonly performed in young patients with VTE, patients with recurrent episodes of VTE or with thromboses at unusual sites and in persons with positive family history. Whether the presence of thrombophilia influences the clinical management of the patient remains controversial. Patients with VTE and the recognized risk factors such are surgery, trauma, immobilization, pregnancy and the puerperium are at very low risk for recurrence, but prediction of the recurrence of VTE based on the presence of thrombophilia has not been sufficiently explored. Presence of clinical risk factors should be integrated in the strategy of VTE risk assessment. Since many risk factors, such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes and smoking are common for both arterial and venous thromboses, it has been suggested that VTE should be considered as part of a pancardiovascular syndrome, along with coronary artery disease, peripheral artery disease and cerebrovascular disease. Positive family history for VTE in a first-degree relative increases the risk for VTE occurrence by 2-fold, regardless of the presence of inherited thrombophilia. Pregnancy-related risk of VTE is sixfold increased compared to nonpregnant age-matched women. Women with thrombophilia have been shown to be at an increased risk not only of pregnancy-associated thromboembolism, but also of other vascular complications, including recurrent fetal loss and intrauterine fetal death. Risk for antepartal pregnancy-related VTE is considerably increased in obese women confined to bed for longer than one week, in women who underwent assisted reproduction, in multiple pregnancies, gestational diabetes and maternal age over 35 years. Postpartal risk factors differ, with eclampsia, emergency cesarian section and placenta praevia being the most important. Testing for thrombophilia generally does not alter the management of a patient with VTE, except for selected groups of patients. Women of fertile age with positive family history and presence of thrombophilia may benefit from thromboprophylaxis implementation during pregnancy, or can make the decision not to use oral contraceptives. In the future, the use of global coagulation tests that could detect a hypercoagulable state, along with other clinical risk factors, might improve VTE risk assessment and optimize the duration of treatment of VTE disease.
Continuous glucose monitoring system and new era of early diagnosis of diabetes in high risk groups; Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) systems are an emerging technology that allows frequent glucose measurements to monitor glucose trends in real time. Their use as a diagnostic tool is still developing and appears to be promising. Combining intermittent glucose self-monitoring (SGM) and CGM combines the benefits of both. Significant improvement in the treatment modalities that may prevent the progress of prediabetes to diabetes have been achieved recently and dictates screening of high risk patients for early diagnosis and management of glycemic abnormalities. The use of CGMS in the diagnosis of early dysglycemia (prediabetes) especially in high risk patients appears to be an attractive approach. In this review we searched the literature to investigate the value of using CGMS as a diagnostic tool compared to other known tools, namely oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and measurement of glycated hemoglobin (HbA1C) in high risk groups. Those categories of patients include adolescents and adults with obesity especially those with family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCO), gestational diabetes, cystic fibrosis, thalassemia major, acute coronary syndrome (ACS), and after renal transplantation. It appears that the ability of the CGMS for frequently monitoring (every 5 min) glucose changes during real-life settings for 3 to 5 days stretches the chance to detect more glycemic abnormalities during basal and postprandial conditions compared to other short-timed methods.
Maternal diabetes, programming of beta-cell disorders and intergenerational risk of type 2 diabetes; A substantial body of evidence suggests that an abnormal intra-uterine milieu elicited by maternal metabolic disturbances as diverse as malnutrition, placental insufficiency, diabetes and obesity may be able to programme susceptibility of the foetus to later develop chronic degenerative diseases such as obesity, hypertension, cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes (T2D). As insulin-producing cells have been placed centre stage in the development of T2D, this review examines developmental programming of the beta-cell mass (BCM) in various rodent models of maternal protein restriction, calorie restriction, overnutrition and diabetes. The main message is that whatever the initial maternal insult (F0 generation) and whether alone or in combination, it gives rise to the same programmed BCM outcome in the daughter generation (F1). The altered BCM phenotype in F1 females prohibits normal BCM adaptation during pregnancy and, thus, diabetes (gestational diabetes) ensues. This gestational diabetes is then passed from one generation (F1) to the next (F2, F3 and so on). This review highlights a number of studies that have identified epigenetic mechanisms that may contribute to altered BCM development and beta-cell failure, as observed in diabetes. In addition to their role in instilling the programmed defect, these non-genomic mechanisms may also be involved in its intergenerational transmission. © 2014.
An Amniotic Fluid Embolism Survival Story; Background: A full-term woman in labor presented with a history of gestational diabetes and no pulmonary disease. Until the insult, the labor was uncomplicated and the fetal monitor tracing was a category I. The labor and delivery registered nurse was at the bedside charting when the woman (who had an epidural and was taking Pitocin) first began to cough. Case: The woman suddenly began to cough, and could not stop. It appeared as if the woman was choking. A prolonged fetal heart rate deceleration was noted, and maternal oxygen saturation and maternal heart rate also dropped. Additional nurses and an anesthesiologist were called to the bedside stat. The patient's radial pulse became nonpalpable, and the oxygen saturation finger clip connected to the electronic fetal monitor did not register a pulse or an oxygen saturation reading; however, an apical pulse via stethoscope was still heard. The woman was moved quickly to the labor and delivery operating room where she was rapidly intubated by the anesthesiologist. Her respiratory status stabilized after intubation. A stat cesarean was performed, and a live newborn was delivered and handed to the awaiting neonatal intensive care unit staff. Bleeding during surgery appeared to be slightly increased. The circulating nurse looked under the operating room drape to check lochia flow and discovered the woman was bleeding profusely from the vagina. Urine output was minimal. An arterial line and a central line were quickly placed by the anesthesiologist because it appeared that the woman had developed disseminated intravascular coagulation. At the same time, the circulating nurse called the blood bank to initiate the obstetric rapid blood transfusion protocol. The blood transfusion protocol is similar to an emergency room trauma blood transfusion protocol. The blood bank follows the protocol by cross matching and thawing several units of blood products at one time according to an established guideline. The woman received multiple units of blood very quickly and never went into cardiac arrest. She was transferred to the intensive care unit immediately after the cesarean where she remained for at least 24 hours. Conclusion: The woman and newborn were discharged in stable condition on postpartum day 6. © 2014 AWHONN, the Association of Women's Health, Obstetric and Neonatal Nurses
Association between newborn birth weight and the risk of postpartum maternal venous thromboembolism a population-based case-control study; Background - Postpartum venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a potentially fatal and preventable event leading to substantial short- and long-term morbidity. We sought to evaluate whether the delivery of term newborns of low or high birth weight was associated with greater risks of VTE. Methods and Results - In a population-based case-control study conducted in Washington State from 1987 through 2011, cases of hospitalized VTE within 3 months of delivery were identified by using selected International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification codes. Controls were randomly selected postpartum women without VTE, matched on birth year. Birth weight and other maternal and pregnancy characteristics were extracted from birth certificate data. Among term live singleton deliveries, we compared the risk of VTE for mothers of newborns of low and high birth weights (<2500 g and >4000 g, respectively) versus mothers of newborns of normal birth weight (2500-4000 g). Logistic regression models were adjusted for maternal age, race, education, body mass index, parity, delivery methods, gestational length, smoking, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preeclampsia. Patients with VTE (n=547) were older, had a higher body mass index, and experienced more pregnancy-related complications than controls (n=9482). In comparison with mothers of newborns with normal birth weight, mothers of newborns with low birth weight had a 3-fold increased risk of VTE, which persisted after multivariable adjustment (odds ratio, 2.98; 95% confidence interval, 1.80-4.93). Mothers of newborns with high birth weight had only a slightly increased risk of VTE, which was attenuated after multivariable adjustment (odds ratio, 1.26; 95% confidence interval, 0.99-1.61). Conclusions - The delivery of a newborn with low birth weight is associated with a 3-fold increased risk of maternal postpartum VTE. This should be considered when assessing VTE risk at delivery. © 2015 American Heart Association, Inc.
The long-term effects of stillbirth on women with and without gestational diabetes: a population-based cohort study; Aims/hypothesis: The aim of this study was to estimate the incidence of type 2 diabetes (primary objective) and hospitalisation for cardiovascular events (secondary objective) in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and in those with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) in pregnancy, and to evaluate the role of stillbirth in differentiating the risks.; Methods: This was a population-based cohort study using administrative data and involving 12 local health authorities. Women with GDM (n = 3,851) during the index period from 2002 to 2010 were propensity matched with women with NGT (n = 11,553). Information was collected on type 2 diabetes development and hospitalisation for cardiovascular events.; Results: During a median follow-up of 5.4 years, the incidence rate per 1,000 person-years of type 2 diabetes was 2.1 (95% CI 1.8, 2.5) in women without GDM and 54.0 (95% CI 50.2, 58.0) among women with GDM and pregnancy at term (incidence rate ratio [IRR] 26.9; 95% CI 22.1, 32.7 compared with NGT and pregnancy at term). A history of stillbirth increased the risk of type 2 diabetes development by about twofold, irrespective of GDM status. No significant interaction between stillbirth and GDM on type 2 diabetes risk was found. GDM was associated with a significantly higher risk of cardiovascular events compared with NGT (IRR 2.4; 95% CI 1.5, 3.8).; Conclusions/interpretation: Pregnancy complicated by GDM and ending in stillbirth represents an important contributory factor in determining type 2 diabetes development. Women with GDM are at a high risk of future cardiovascular events. Women with pregnancy complicated by GDM and stillbirth deserve careful follow-up. © 2014, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Comparison of echocardiographic findings in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes and healthy mothers; Background: Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of congenital heart disease in neonates. The study was performed to evaluate the cardiac parameters in neonates of mothers with abnormal glucose tolerance test (GTT) and compare them with data of normal newborn.; Methods: In a cross-sectional study in Amiralmomenin Hospital, Semnan City, Iran from April to October 2013, two groups of infants were eligible for the study. Sampling was performed in succession for the infants who were eligible. Echocardiography was performed for the babies on the second day, and cardiac parameters including interventricular septal diameter, left ventricular shortening fraction and mass, left ventricular posterior wall thickness, aortic and left atrial diameter were measured. Maternal glycemic control and HbA1c were measured indicators. Analysis with the SPSS software version 16, the Student’s t-test, Mann-Whitney and Chi-square test were performed.; Results: Thirty five newborn infants of mothers with impaired GTT and newborn of 33 healthy women were studied. Birth weight, maternal age and HbA1c among infants of mothers with impaired GTT were greater than the control group (P=0.003 and P=0.000 and P=0.000 respectively). Diastolic and systolic ventricular septal thickness, ratio of diastolic ventricular septal thickness to diastolic diameter of the left ventricular posterior wall, the aortic diameter and left ventricular outflow tract diameter in infants of mothers with impaired GTT were significantly increased in comparison to data of the normal group (P=0.008, P=0.034, P=0.016, P=0.017 and P=0.020 respectively). No significant difference was reported in other diameters.; Conclusion: Gestational diabetes mellitus results in changes of echocardiographic findings particularly relevant in diastolic ventricular septal thickness. The increase in wall thickness especially during diastole, is associated with pathological cardiac hypertrophy. Based on the results of the present study, cardiac hypertrophy can be related to gestational diabetes. Poor control of disease may cause or aggravate the process. © 2014 Tehran University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Does gestational diabetes history increase epicardial fat and carotid intima media thickness?; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance that has begun during pregnancy. Recent studies have proven that development of atherosclerosis may be established in this population even without presence of type 2 diabetes. For assessment of atherosclerosis, epicardial fat thickness (EFT) is recently being used as a surrogate marker. In this study, we aimed to prove that women with GDM history are more inclined to have higher EFT levels than women without GDM history. Methods: Sixty-two patients with previous GDM and 33 age- and sex-matched controls were allocated. Epicardial fat thicknesses of the subjects were measured with transthorasic echocardiography and carotid intima media thickness (c-IMT) was measured with ultrasound. Insulin resistance (IR) of each subject was assessed with Homeostasis model of assessment- insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Results: Carotid IMT and EFT were significantly higher in previous GDM group than controls. Serum gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), uric acid, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels were also found significantly higher in the patients with previous GDM as compared to the controls. We observed that carotid IMT (β = 310, P = 0.003), total cholesterol (β = 315, P = 0.002), BMI (β = 308, P = 0.002), HbA1c (β = 227, P = 0.018), and HOMA-IR (β = 184, P = 0.049) were independently correlated with EFT. Conclusions: Although the number of patients included in this study is limited, high EFT results may indicate presence of atherosclerosis in women with previous GDM. © 2014, Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Use of fetal echocardiography for characterization of fetal cardiac structure in women with normal pregnancies and gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives-To assess fetal cardiac structure and function and to evaluate the efficacy of routine fetal echocardiography for detection of fetal cardiac abnormalities in women with normal pregnancies and those with gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods-In this prospective study, we studied fetal cardiac structure and function in 294 uncomplicated singleton pregnancies and 302 pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes. Fetal echocardiography (2-dimensional sonography and pulsed wave Doppler imaging) was used to assess functional parameters and to detect any cardiac structural abnormality. Data from clinical and echocardiographic evaluations of neonates at birth and 3 months were obtained to confirm the antenatal findings. Results-The mean maternal age ± SD was 28.9 ± 5.0 years in the diabetes group and was comparable to that of women with normal pregnancies. The mean hemoglobin A1c value was 6.3%, and the mean body mass index was 28.0 kg/m 2. The systolic function as assessed by the ejection fraction increased significantly in the diabetes group compared to the normal pregnancy group independent of glycemic control (P < .001). The pulsed wave parameters (early diastolic peak flow velocity and early-to-late diastolic peak flow velocity ratio) were significantly different between the groups (P < .001). The interventricular septum and fetal ventricular wall thicknesses were significantly increased in the presence of gestational diabetes (P< .001). No major fetal cardiac structural anomaly was detected in either group. On follow-up after delivery, all neonates were assessed clinically and by transthoracic echocardiography to rule out congenital defects. Conclusions-In our study, significant increases in the interventricular septum and ventricular wall thicknesses were detected in the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus. Interestingly, none of the neonates of pregnant women with gestational diabetes were found to have echocardiographic evidence of congenital heart disease. © 2014 by the American Institute of Ultrasound in Medicine.
Epidemiologic trends and maternal risk factors predicting postpartum weight retention; Over the past decade, women have become heavier at the time of conception, gain more weight during pregnancy, and are a greater risk of postpartum weight retention. Excessive weight gain during pregnancy is a key predictor of postpartum weight retention. Characterizing trends in postpartum weight retention can help to identify high-risk women who are susceptible to substantial weight retention postpartum and accelerated weight gain trajectories in midlife. Understanding postpartum weight trajectories can inform our efforts for primary prevention of obesity and help to reduce long-term obesity and its associated consequences. © Springer-Verlag London 2014.
Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 and AGEs are associated with cardiovascular risk factors in women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: Although most women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) return to normal glucose tolerance after delivery, they have increased risk of cardiometabolic diseases. This study aimed to evaluate the relationships between plasma levels of Lp-pla2 and AGEs and cardiometabolic risk factors in women with GDM. Methods: 190 women with GDM (cases) and 80 healthy women (controls) were enrolled. Demographic and clinical data were collected and analyzed about 2 years after the delivery. Results: Of the 190 cases, 19 (10%), 38 (20%) and 10 (5%) had type 2 diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome and hypertension after delivery, respectively. There were significant differences in variables between cases and controls: Lp-pla2 (pg/mL) 1991.5±905.3 versus 1527.0±799.8; AGEs (ng/mL) 403.0±208.6 versus 321.8±150.3. The plasma Lp-pla2 and AGEs levels were positively correlated with metabolic indexes in women with previous GDM. Conclusion: Women with GDM have increased risk of cardiometabolic disease. AGEs and Lp-pla2 could be utilized as novel biomarkers to identify at an early stage of women with increased risk of metabolic and cardiovascular disease. © 2014 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved: reproduction in whole or part not permitted.
Sex differences in cardiovascular risk factors and disease prevention; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been seen as a men's disease for decades, however it is more common in women than in men. It is generally assumed in medicine that the effects of the major risk factors (RF) on CVD outcomes are the same in women as in men. Recent evidence has emerged that recognizes new, potentially independent, CVD RF exclusive to women. In particular, common disorders of pregnancy, such as gestational hypertension and diabetes, as well as frequently occurring endocrine disorders in women of reproductive age (e.g. polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and early menopause) are associated with accelerated development of CVD and impaired CVD-free survival.With the recent availability of prospective studies comprising men and women, the equivalency of major RF prevalence and effects on CVD between men and women can be examined. Furthermore, female-specific RFs might be identified enabling early detection of apparently healthy women with a high lifetime risk of CVD.Therefore, we examined the available literature regarding the prevalence and effects of the traditional major RFs for CVD in men and women. This included large prospective cohort studies, cross-sectional studies and registries, as randomised trials are lacking. Furthermore, a literature search was performed to examine the impact of female-specific RFs on the traditional RFs and the occurrence of CVD.We found that the effects of elevated blood pressure, overweight and obesity, and elevated cholesterol on CVD outcomes are largely similar between women and men, however prolonged smoking is significantly more hazardous for women than for men. With respect to female-specific RF only associations (and no absolute risk data) could be found between preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and menopause onset with the occurrence of CVD.This review shows that CVD is the main cause of death in men and women, however the prevalence is higher in women. Determination of the CV risk profile should take into account that there are differences in impact of major CV RF leading to a worse outcome in women. Lifestyle interventions and awareness in women needs more consideration. Furthermore, there is accumulating evidence that female-specific RF are of influence on the impact of major RF and on the onset of CVD. Attention for female specific RF may enable early detection and intervention in apparently healthy women. Studies are needed on how to implement the added RF's in current risk assessment and management strategies to maximize benefit and cost-effectiveness specific in women. © 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Precocious markers of cardiovascular risk and vascular damage in apparently healthy women with previous gestational diabetes; Previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) indicates future risk for type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Insulin resistance (IR) may precede T2DM in many years and is associated with an increased risk for cardiovascular diseases. Aim. This study aims to identify endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular risk factors in women with pGDM. Methods. This cross-sectional analysis included 45 non diabetic women, 20 pGDM and 25 controls, at least one year after delivery. Body mass index (BMI), abdominal circumference (AC), blood pressure, serum lipids, liver enzymes, uric acid, nonesterified fatty acids, C-reactive protein and plasma glucose, insulin, fibrinogen and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 were measured. HOMA IR and β were calculated. Pre and post induced ischemia videocapillaroscopy was performed in hand nailfold to evaluate microvascular morphologic aspect and functional response. Results: AC and fasting glucose were significantly higher in pGDM (p = 0.01 and p = 0.002 respectively). Women with pGDM and BMI < 25 kg/m2 had significantly higher levels of fasting insulin and HOMA IR than controls (p = 0.008 and 0.05 respectively). Abnormal morphologic findings were more frequent and papillae rectification were 3.3 times more prevalent in pGDM (p = 0.003). Other microvascular parameters did not differ between groups. Conclusion: Cardiovascular risk factors and a microcirculation abnormality (papillae rectification) were significantly increased in young non-diabetic women with pGDM. © 2014 Zajdenverg et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Gestational diabetes and the metabolic syndrome: Can obesity and small, dense low density lipoproteins be key mediators of this association?; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents a condition of glucose intolerance with first appearance or recognition at the time of a pregnancy, associated with an inadequate pancreatic response to the advanced insulin resistance of the later stages of pregnancy, and accompanied by enhancing β-cell mass and secretion of insulin. Women who had GDM exhibit a higher risk for later advent of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Additionally, previous GDM has been proposed as independently correlated with higher risk for development of atherosclerosis in a healthy population, similar to the metabolic syndrome(MetS) and independently of the presence of established CVD risk factors. Available data indicate multiple metabolic abnormalities common in women with GDM, including a high small dense low-density lipoprotein (sdLDL) concentration and a resultant high prevalence of CVD and the MetS. Preliminary data indicate that a measurement of sdLDL is worthwhile in women with GDM during pregnancy as well as the postpartum period. A close follow up of these women should be emphasized in clinical practice because GDM could predict not only eventual health risks for these mothers, but also their offspring. Thus, an improvement in care and risk modification of women with GDM may not only contribute towards improved CVD profile, but also potentially prevent adverse outcomes in their offspring. Lifestyle changes should be promoted in order to prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy and decrease the risk of MetS in the postpartum and long-term. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers.
Provider adherence to recommended prenatal care content: Does it differ for obese women; The objective of this study was to examine provider adherence to prenatal care (PNC) content in obese and non-obese women and perinatal outcomes in obese women experiencing low and medium versus high adherence to PNC content. Provider adherence to PNC content (low<50 %, medium 50-79 %, and high ≥80 %) was compared between obese (n = 69) and non-obese (n = 128) women in a linked database of deliveries to low-income, minority women from 2003 to 2004. Sample content items included procedures delivered at every visit (blood pressure, urinalysis, maternal weight, fetal heart rate check), timed screenings for birth defects and gestational diabetes, prenatal vitamin prescriptions, and depression screening. Weight gain, preterm deliveries, cesareans, and birthweight were compared between obese women with low and medium versus high adherence to PNC content using multivariable logistic regression. High provider adherence to an eight-item PNC content score (56.3 vs. 66.5 %, p = 0.02) and depression screening (2.0 vs. 11.4 %, p = 0.001) were both lower for obese versus non-obese women. Among obese women, there were no differences by level of provider adherence to PNC content in preterm delivery, cesareans, and low birth weight, but obese women experiencing low and medium versus high adherence were more likely to gain ≥20 lbs (aOR 5.5, 95 % CI 1.3-23.3). Providers may be administering PNC differently to obese and non-obese women. PNC for obese women who are at high risk of adverse perinatal outcomes needs to be addressed especially as it relates to depression screening and gestational weight gain. © Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013.
Urine albumin-creatinine ratio in women with gestational diabetes: Its link with glycaemic status; Background Micro-albuminuria has been established as a marker for micro-vascular disease. Spot urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR), even in the high normal range, predicts future cardiovascular events. The value of UACR in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during pregnancy is uncertain. Aim The objectives of this study were to assess the associations between UACR (performed at the time of GDM diagnosis) and various maternal parameters and to evaluate its correlation with pregnancy outcomes. Materials and Methods We conducted a retrospective review of women with GDM who attended antenatal clinics at a single centre between March 2010 and September 2013. Results Among 1015 women included in this study, high UACR levels were associated with advancing maternal age, maternal obesity, gestational hypertension, elevated glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and high fasting glucose level. After adjustments for various maternal factors, only advancing age, HbA1c and fasting glucose level were associated with UACR. In terms of pregnancy outcomes, elevated UACR was not associated with adverse events, but was a predictor for pre-eclampsia. Conclusions The finding that UACR was associated with glycaemic status in women with GDM suggests early micro-vascular disease may be present in women who had greater degree of hyperglycaemia. This raises the question of whether women with GDM and elevated UACR may be at higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease in the future. Long-term follow-up of this subgroup of women would be worthwhile. © 2014 The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists.
Association between polycystic ovary syndrome and metabolic syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine and metabolic disorder affecting women in reproductive age. Although the etiology of PCOS remains unclear, it is believed to result from genetic, environmental and behavioral interactions. Women with PCOS have higher lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease (CVR) than healthy women at the same age and tend to display insulin resistance (IR). IR has traditionally been defined as a decreased ability of insulin to mediate the metabolic actions on glucose uptake, glucose production, and/or lipolysis. This results in a requirement for increased amounts of insulin to achieve a given metabolic action. Metabolic syndrome (MS) includes hyperinsulinemia, dyslipidemia, increased CVR and hyperleptinemia and metabolic disorders such as hypertension, IR, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes mellitus, systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. The prevalence of MS in women is around 50 %. In addition, it has been recently suggested that women with MS show increased circulating androgens. The present review discusses the main alterations and features of PCOS and MS and the most important treatments. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers.
Prematurity, smallness-for-gestational age and later hospital admissions: A nation-wide registry study; Introduction: Being born premature or small for gestational age (SGA) is known to be associated with diseases later in life, such as gestational diabetes, hypertension and pre-eclampsia. In this study we examined the association between being born premature or SGA and all diseases diagnosed during hospital admissions later in life. Methods: Using Danish nation-wide registries we created a cohort of 1,348,106 persons born 1974-1996 and assessed all unique diagnoses registered in the Danish Patient Registry (DPR) for hospital admissions in the period 1994-2007 (n = 27,910,558). We determined the odds ratios for persons born premature or SGA using multivariate logistic regression. Results: A total of 15,059 unique ICD-10 diagnosis codes were represented in the period. Only diagnoses used at least 100 times were included in the analysis (n = 4175). Of these 838 showed an odds ratio that was statistically significantly different from unity for people born premature or SGA. After correcting for multiple testing, 250 remained significant. The diagnoses covered diseases in most organ systems, including cardiovascular, endocrinological, infectious, neurological/neurosurgical, obstetric, orthopedic, psychiatric, lung & urological diseases, and occurred throughout childhood and early adulthood. Novel findings included increased risks for delayed puberty, neurofibromatosis type 1 and ileus and decreased risks of mononucleosis, peritonsillar abscesses, chronic hypothyroidism and several types of fractures and contusions later in life. Conclusion: Being born premature or SGA was associated with significantly altered risks of being admitted to a hospital with a wide range of diseases later in life, affecting almost all organ systems throughout childhood and early adulthood. Our findings may motivate testing in other cohorts and search for novel mechanisms of pathogenesis. © 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Plasma cystatin-C and risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims: Cystatin-C, a low molecular weight protein, is effectively applied to evaluate the risk of developing renal insufficiency, cardiovascular disorders, neural defects, and inflammatory states. However, the role of this biomarker to monitor different pregnancy-related complications remains controversial. Materials and methods: In the present study, we compared serum cystatin-C concentration between pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and healthy pregnant women to assess value of this biomarker to predict presence of GDM in these women. The study consisted of 60 consecutive pregnant women (30 women suffered GDM and 30 healthy pregnant women) enrolled in Afzalipour hospital in Kerman, Iran in 2012. Fasting blood sample was collected to perform measurements on plasma glucose, lipids, serum creatinine, and C-cystatin. Serum cystatin-C level was quantified using ELISA techniques. Results: Unadjusted comparison of cystatin-C level between the two study group showed no significant discrepancy between them so that the level of this biomarker in GDM group was 593.00 ± 204.81 mg/L and in healthy group was 531.67 ± 87.52 mg/L (P = 0.137); while in multivariable linear model with the presence of associated variables, GDM was a main determinant for increased level of cystatin-C (standardized beta of 0.355, P-value of 0.014). Conclusion: Gestational age was also identified to be another indicator of elevated cystatin-C. In final, our study showed that cystatin-C can be a reliable, useful and promising marker of GDM appearance in pregnant women. © 2013 Diabetes. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Postpartum Healthcare after Gestational Diabetes and Hypertension; Background: Gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy identify women with an elevated lifetime risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Methods: Prospective cohort of women recruited from the postpartum service of a large community-based academic obstetrical hospital after delivery of a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP). Interviews were conducted, and validated surveys completed, before hospital discharge and again 3 months postpartum. Results: The study sample included 249 women: 111 with GDM, 127 with HDP, and 11 with both. Most, 230 (92.4%) had a PCP prior to pregnancy and 97 (39.0%) reported an office visit with their PCP during the prenatal period. Of the 176 (70.7%) participants who attended the 3-month study visit, 169 (96.0%) women with either diagnosis reported they had attended their 6-week postpartum visit. By the 3-month study visit, 51 (57.9%) women with GDM had completed follow-up glucose testing; 93 (97.9%) with HDP had follow-up blood pressure testing; and 101 (57.4%) with either diagnosis recalled ever having completed lipid screening. Women least likely to complete screening tests were those who had no college education, less than a high school level of health literacy, and who were not privately insured. Conclusion: There are important opportunities to improve postpartum testing for diabetes and CVD risk factor assessment. Most women were connected to primary care suggesting a "hand-off" to a primary care physician after pregnancy is feasible. More robust strategies may be needed to improve follow-up care for women with less education, lower health literacy, and those without private health insurance. © Copyright 2014, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2014.
Comparing carotid intima-media thickness in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus; Background & Aims: Women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at risk for developing cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome. Carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) is noninvasive marker of sub clinical atherosclerosis assessment. The aim of the present study was to assess relationship between GDM and increased CIMT. Methods: Twenty women with previous history of GDM and twenty women without it (as a control group) were included in the study. Two groups were matched based on their age, body mass index (BMI) and parity. CIMT was measured one year after delivery in two groups by B-mode sonography and compared with ultrasonic results of CIMT in mid- and late-gestational periods. Results: CIMT in both groups increased in gestational period and decreased after delivery and this diminution was significant at late-gestational period in both groups and also significant at mid-gestational period in women with history of GDM. Conclusion: CIMT was significantly decreased one year after delivery in women with GDM.
Comparison of different cardiac risk scores for coronary artery disease in symptomatic women: Do female-specific risk factors matter?; Background: Cardiovascular diseases remain the leading cause of death in women and there is a need for more accurate risk assessment scores. The aims of our study were to compare the accuracy of several widely used cardiac risk assessment scores in predicting the likelihood of obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD) on CT coronary angiography (CTCA) in symptomatic women and to explore which female-specific risk factors were independent predictors of obstructive CAD on CTCA and whether adding these risk factors to pre-test probability scores would improve their predictive value.; Methods and results: Data were obtained from a cohort of 228 consecutively included symptomatic women undergoing evaluation for CAD and referred for CTCA. Obstructive CAD was defined as ≥50% luminal stenosis on CTCA. Pretest probability for CAD was calculated according to the Diamond and Forrester score, New score, Duke clinical score, and an updated Diamond and Forrester score. Female-specific factors were obtained by a written questionnaire. Pre-test probability scores were compared with ROC analysis and showed that only the New score and the updated Diamond and Forrester score were significant predictive scores for obstructive CAD on CTCA (area under the curve, AUC, 0.67, p<0.01; AUC 0.61, p=0.04, respectively). Multivariable logistic regression analysis identified that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and oestrogen status were independent predictors of obstructive CAD when adjusted for the pre-test probability scores. The updated Diamond and Forrester score was used for net reclassification improvement (NRI) analysis, since the New score already accounts for oestrogen status. Adding GDM and oestrogen status to the updated Diamond and Forrester score resulted in a significant NRI (p=0.04).; Conclusions: There is a large variability in prediction of obstructive CAD using different pre-test probability risk scores in symptomatic women. Logistic regression analysis revealed that oestrogen status and GDM were independently associated with the occurrence of obstructive stenosis on CTCA. The predictive ability of cardiac pre-test probability scores improved significantly with the addition of oestrogen status and GDM.
History of gestational diabetes mellitus and future risk of atherosclerosis in mid-life: the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults study.; History of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases lifetime risk of type 2 diabetes (DM) and the metabolic syndrome (MetS), which increase risk of cardiovascular disease. It is unclear, however, whether GDM increases risk of early atherosclerosis independent of pre-pregnancy obesity and subsequent metabolic disease. Of 2787 women (18 to 30 years) enrolled in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study, we studied 898 (47% black) who were free of DM and heart disease at baseline (1985-1986), delivered ≥1 post-baseline births, reported GDM history, and had common carotid intima media thickness (ccIMT, mm) measured in 2005-2006. We used multivariable linear regression to assess associations between GDM and ccIMT adjusted for race, age, parity, and pre-pregnancy cardiometabolic risk factors. We assessed mediators (weight gain, insulin resistance, blood pressure), and effect modification by incident DM or MetS during the 20-year period. Of the 898 women, 119 (13%) reported GDM (7.6 per 100 deliveries). Average age was 31 at last birth and 44 at ccIMT measurement for GDM and non-GDM groups. Unadjusted mean ccIMT was 0.023 mm higher for GDM than non-GDM groups (P=0.029), but pre-pregnancy BMI attenuated the difference to 0.016 mm (P=0.109). In 777 women without subsequent DM or the MetS, mean ccIMT was 0.023 mm higher for GDM versus non-GDM groups controlling for race, age, parity, and pre-pregnancy BMI (0.784 versus 0.761, P=0.039). Addition of pre-pregnancy insulin resistance index had minimal impact on adjusted mean net ccIMT difference (0.22 mm). Mean ccIMT did not differ by GDM status among 121 women who developed DM or the MetS (P=0.58). History of GDM may be a marker for early atherosclerosis independent of pre-pregnancy obesity among women who have not developed type 2 diabetes or the metabolic syndrome.
Dulce Mothers: An intervention to reduce diabetes and cardiovascular risk in Latinas after gestational diabetes; Latina women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at elevated risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. Few primary prevention programs are designed for low socioeconomic status, Spanish-speaking populations. We examined the effectiveness of a Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) translation in low-income Latinas with a history of GDM. Eighty-four Latinas, 18-45 years old with GDM in the past 3 years, underwent an 8-week peer-educator-led group intervention, with tailoring for Latino culture and recent motherhood. Lifestyle changes and diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors were assessed at study baseline, month 3 and month 6. Participants showed significant improvements in lipids, blood pressure, physical activity, dietary fat intake, and fatalistic and cultural diabetes beliefs (p < 0.05). Formative evaluation provides preliminary evidence of program acceptability. A peer-led, culturally appropriate DPP translation was effective in improving lifestyle changes and some indicators of cardiovascular and diabetes risk in Latinas with GDM. © 2014 Society of Behavioral Medicine.
Estimating the risk after gestational diabetes mellitus: Can we improve the information from the postpartum OGTT?; Risk stratification after pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is based on screening with the 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Actually, prediabetes and diabetes are diagnosed by impaired fasting [fasting plasma glucose (FPG)] and 120 min-postload glucose levels (120'-PLG). We hypothesized that the clinical information could be improved by including measurements at different time points from the OGTT in the medical decision-making process. One hundred ten women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM) and 41 controls were included 3-6 mo after delivery and underwent specific metabolic assessments: 3-h OGTT, frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT) with markers of inflammation and endothelial function. pGDMs were annually invited for reexaminations for a maximum of 10 yr. Multiple linear regression suggested that postload glucose levels at 60 min (60'-PLG) were a better predictor for insulin sensitivity [β: -0.10, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.14 to -0.05, P< 0.001] and disposition index (DI) (β: -0.07, 95% CI -0.12 to -0.02, P = 0.004) estimated from the FSIGT compared with other time points during the OGTT. The association between 60'-PLG and insulin secretion was of particular importance in women after GDM. We further identified associations of 60'-PLG with ultrasensitive C-reactive protein, plasminogen activator inhibitor 1, tissue plasminogen activator, endothelial-leukocyte adhesion molecule 1, and intercellular adhesion molecule (ICAM)-1. There appeared to be no interactions between females with pGDM and controls, suggesting comparable effects. We observed that 60'-PLG levels were closely related to the later onset of diabetes independent from the routinely measured FPG and 120'-PLG levels. Our data suggest that the sole interpretation of FPG and 120'-PLG of the OGTT leads to significant loss of information. Particularly 60'-PLG was shown to distinguish women at low or high metabolic and cardiovascular risk. © 2013 the American Physiological Society.
Role of fetal echocardiography in the evaluation of structure and function of fetal heart in diabetic pregnancies; Objective: To detect the structural and functional changes of fetal hearts in diabetic pregnancies by using Doppler echocardiography. Methods: This prospective study included 119 pregnant women divided into three groups. Group 1 included 47 pregnant patients with pre-existing diabetes mellitus (DM), group 2 included 40 patients with gestational diabetes and group 3 included 32 non-diabetic pregnant women. M-mode echocardiography was used to measure the thickness of the fetal ventricular walls and interventricular septum. The mitral and tricuspid early (E) and late (A) diastolic velocities and the ventricular shortening fraction were measured. Results: HbA1c % was significantly lower in gestational diabetes group compared with the pre-existing diabetes group. The interventricular septum was significantly thicker in the pre-existing diabetes group compared with other groups. Tricuspid and mitral E/A ratios were significantly lower in the pre-existing diabetes group compared with gestational diabetes and control groups. Moreover, there were no significant differences in the tricuspid and mitral E/A ratios between gestational diabetes group and the control group. The right and left ventricular shortening fractions were similar in the three groups. Conclusion: Fetuses of women with well-controlled gestational diabetes lack the diastolic dysfunction that is present in fetuses of women with pre-existing diabetes © 2013 Informa UK, Ltd.
Maternal and neonatal circulating markers ofmetabolic and cardiovascular risk in themetformin in gestational diabetes (mig) trial; OBJECTIVEdThis study was designed to compare glucose, lipids, and C-reactive protein (CRP) in women with gestational diabetesmellitus treated withmetformin or insulin and in cord plasma of their offspring and to examine how these markers relate to infant size at birth. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSdWomen with gestational diabetes mellitus were randomly assigned to metformin or insulin in the Metformin in Gestational Diabetes trial. Fasting maternal plasma glucose, lipids, and CRP were measured at randomization, 36 weeks' gestation, and 6-8 weeks postpartum as well as in cord plasma. Women with available cord blood samples (metformin n = 236, insulin n = 242) were included. RESULTSdMaternal plasma triglycerides increased more from randomization to 36 weeks' gestation in women treated with metformin (21.93%) versus insulin (9.69%, P < 0.001). Maternal and cord plasma lipids, CRP, and neonatal anthropometry did not differ between treatments. In logistic regression analyses adjusted for confounders, the strongest associations with birth weight .90th centile were maternal triglycerides and measures of glucose control at 36 weeks. CONCLUSIONSdThere were few differences in circulating maternal and neonatal markers of metabolic status and no differences in measures of anthropometry between the offspring of women treated with metformin and the offspring of women treated with insulin. There may be subtle effects of metformin on maternal lipid function, but the findings suggest that treating gestational diabetes mellitus with metformin does not adversely affect lipids or CRP in cord plasma or neonatal anthropometric measures. Copyright © 2013 by the American Diabetes Association.
Impact of maternal diabetes on epigenetic modifications leading to diseases in the offspring; Gestational diabetes, occurring during the hyperglycemic period of pregnancy in maternal life, is a pathologic state that increases the incidence of complications in both mother and fetus. Offspring thus exposed to an adverse fetal and early postnatal environment may manifest increased susceptibility to a number of chronic diseases later in life. Compelling evidence for the role of epigenetic transmission in these complications has come from comparison of siblings born before and after the development of maternal diabetes, exposure to this intrauterine diabetic environment being shown to cause alterations in fetal growth patterns which predispose these infants to developing overweight and obesity later in life. Diabetes of the offspring is also mainly the consequence of exposure to the diabetic intrauterine environment, in addition to genetic susceptibility. Since obesity and diabetes are known to increase the risk of cardiovascular disease, cardiovascular sequelae in the offspring of diabetic mothers are virtually inevitable. Research data also suggest that exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment during pregnancy is associated with an increase in dyslipidemia, subclinical vascular inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction processes in the offspring, all of which are linked with development of cardiovascular disease later in life. The main underlying mechanisms involve persistent hyperglycemia hyperinsulinemia and leptin resistance. © 2012 Nikolaos Vrachnis et al.
A rare presentation of a newborn with subcutaneous fat necrosis; Subcutaneous fat necrosis of newborn is a form of panniculitis that often occurs in term and post-term neonate with predisposing risk factors such as perinatal asphyxia and maternal gestational diabetes. A cutaneous involvement may be associated with metabolic complications such as hypoglycemia, hypercalcemia and hypertriglyceridemia. Here, we present a case of Subcutaneous fat necrosis of newborn with bilateral symmetrical involvement of both axillas in a perinatal asphyxiated newborn that has not been previously described in the literature. In this case, there were no major complications apart from asymptomatic hypercalcemia. © OMSB, 2013.
Blood pressure diurnal rhythm is related with hematological indices in gestational diabetes mellitus patients; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is related with cardiovascular risk factors. Non-dipping blood pressure pattern and high mean platelet volume, which is an indicator of increased platelet activation, are associated with cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. The aim of our study is to determine circadian variation of blood pressure and to study the impact of hematological indices on blood pressure dipping and non-dipping patterns in patient with GDM. Material and methods: A total of 42 patients who were diagnosed with GDM and 33 patients with healthy pregnancies were included into the study. Patients' blood pressures were monitored and were grouped due to their blood pressure circadian pattern. If the blood pressure while sleeping decreased more than 10% from the blood pressure while awake, the patient was classified as a "dipper". If the decrease was less than 10%, the patient was classified as a "non-dipper". Biochemical and hematological parameters were measured and clinical features were recorded for all study groups. Results: Ambulatory blood pressures monitoring of two groups revealed that average systolic and diastolic blood pressures as well as the day-phase diastolic and night-phase systolic and diastolic blood pressures of GDM patients were significantly increased than those of the control group. Besides, control patients had a more significant decrease in night-phase systolic and diastolic blood pressures than GDM patients (p<0.001). There was no significant difference between hematological indices and dipping status, except for mean platelet volume (MPV). MPV in non-dippers was significantly higher than dippers one (p<0.001). Step-wise multivariate linear regression demonstrated that MPV and GDM can be used as independent predictors of non-dipping status. Conclusion: According to our results the circadian variation of blood pressure is impaired and MPV is increased in GDM patients. Increasing in MPV is associated with non-dipping status of blood pressure. It is possible that non-dipping status and increased MPV levels may be additional risk factors for increased cardiovascular disease events in gestational diabetes patients.
The usefulness of plasma asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) levels and tissue doppler echocardiography for heart function in term infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: The aim of this study was to examine whether asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) concentrations are associated with ventricular function in the infants of mothers with gestational diabetes. Method: Twenty-five term newborns of mothers with gestational diabetes and term newborns as the control group (n = 25) with normal general health status were evaluated at two time points, on the 3rd postnatal day, at the 3th months. Echocardiographic evaluations of all participants were performed and ADMA level was measured. Results: In the first analysis, 10 patients (40%) had a septal thickness of 6 mm or more, indicating septal hypertrophy. In the first and second analysis, interventricular septum end-diastolic thickness (IVSTd) and the left ventricular posterior wall end-diastolic thickness (LVPWTd) in the patient group were higher than the control group. ADMA level measurement was not significantly different between the groups the first and second analysis. There was no difference in ADMA levels of the group with septal thickness ≥6 mm and the group with <6 mm. Conclusion: Newborn cardiac wall thickness was increased in pregnancies complicated by Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and the increase was independent of glycemic control. Diastolic newborn cardiac function was impaired in GDM, and this effect was independent of septal thickness. We found no association between ADMA levels and cardiac systolic, diastolic functions or septum thickness in the GDM newborn. © 2013 Informa UK Ltd.
The Polish diabetes registry for adults - A pilot study; Background. Over the years 2006-2009 a pilot project of the Polish Diabetes Registry for Adults financed by the Polish Ministry of Health was performed. The objective was to assess outpatient diabetes care a few years after joining the European Union. Material and methods. Questionnaires for randomly enrolled patients were completed by diabetologists in 39 outpatient diabetes centers in different parts of Poland. Data concerning age, sex, BMI, diabetes type and duration, hypoglycemic treatment, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), lipids levels, blood pressure (BP), diabetes complications, concomitant diseases and their treatment, and other aspects of medical care were collected. The questionnaires were analysed centrally. Results. Data on 7606 individuals were available: 15.0% with type 1 diabetes (T1DM); 80.9% with type 2 diabetes (T2DM); 1.9% with other types of diabetes; and 2.2% with gestational diabetes. T1DM and T2DM cohorts consisted of 1134 (52.4% women) and 6119 (55.5% women) patients, mean age 40.9 and 63.8 years, mean diabetes duration 14.6 and 9.7 years, respectively. Mean HbA1c for T1DM and T2DM was 7.69 and 7.25%. Lipid parameters for T1DM and T2DM were as followed: mean total cholesterol (TC) 4.84 and 5.06 mmol/l; mean LDL-cholesterol (LDL) 2.73 and 2.90 mmol/l; mean HDL-cholesterol (HDL) 1.58 and 1.30 mmol/l; mean triglycerides (TG) 1.26 and 1.95 mmol/l; mean blood pressure (BP) 127.4//77.7 and 139.8/81.8 mmHg. The following proportion of the patients within target were recorded: for HbA1c (≤ 7.0% and ≤ 6.5%): T1DM 39.4 and 22.6%, T2DM 52.1 and 32.8%; for TC levels (< 4.5 mmol/l): T1DM 40.1%, T2DM 32.6%; for TG levels (< 1.7 mmol/l): T1DM 82.1%, T2DM 53.2%; for BP (< 130/80 mm Hg): T1DM 31.9%, T2DM 12.9%, respectively. Prevalence of microvascular complications among T1DM and T2DM was as followed: retinopathy 38,4 and 23,4%; nephropathy 15,2 and 8,5%; peripheral neuropathy 25.3 and 25.4%; autonomic neuropathy 9,6 and 5,4%. Conclusions. The data show the current quality of diabetes care in Poland, which seems to show some improvement as compared to the DEPAC survey performed at the accession to EU (2004). Nevertheless, the current Registry also indicates that most patients still do not meet the criteria of diabetes control defined by the local and international guidelines. © 2012 Via Medica.
Alterations of sympathetic nervous system, coagulation and platelet function in gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk for venous thromboembolism. Activation of sympathetic nervous system affects blood coagulation, fibrinolysis and platelet activation by several mechanisms. We aimed to study the relationship of sympathetic nervous system, coagulation and platelet function in gestational diabetes. Forty-one white women with gestational diabetes, 22 healthy pregnant and 14 nonpregnant controls were studied. We assayed serial nocturnal (at 12 p.m., 4 a.m. and 7 a.m.) changes of the adrenergic transmitter noradrenaline, coagulation variables and platelet activation with PFA-100. Plasma noradrenaline increased from 4 to 7 a.m. in both pregnant groups. During the same time period, prothrombin time (PT) shortened in gestational diabetes compared with healthy pregnant and nonpregnant controls. In gestational diabetes, nocturnal FVIII:C levels were lower compared with normal pregnancy and also variables associated with von Willebrand factor tended to be lower. Platelet activity increased at midnight in pregnant women compared with nonpregnant women without differences between gestational diabetes and normal pregnancy. Gestational diabetes is associated with concomitant early morning sympathetic stimulation and activation of extrinsic coagulation pathway (shortened PT). Decreased FVIII:C may refer to compensatory anticoagulatory mechanism. These alterations could reflect increased risk of pregnancy-related thromboembolism in gestational diabetes. © 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health.
Cardiovascular risk markers in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia; Objective: To explore biomarkers indicating cardiovascular disease in pregnant women with diabetes or preeclampsia, since these women are at increased risk for future cardiovascular disease. Study design: EDTA-plasma from 262 women in gestational week 24-42 (healthy pregnancies n = 71, preeclampsia n = 105, type 2 diabetes n = 17, gestational diabetes n = 61, diabetes with preeclampsia n = 8) was analyzed by immunoassay for neopterin, midregional pro-adrenomedullin (MR-proADM) and C-terminal pro-arginine vasopressin (CT-proAVP). The diabetes groups were also analyzed for midregional pro-atrial natriuretic peptide (MR-proANP), and compared to previously reported MR-proANP concentrations for healthy, normotensive and preeclamptic patients. Results: In contrast to preeclampsia, median plasma MR-proANP was not increased in pregnancies complicated by diabetes, but in fact lower, compared to healthy pregnancies. Neopterin was increased in diabetic pregnancies and in late onset preeclampsia, compared to healthy pregnancies. Median plasma MR-proADM was increased in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes or preeclampsia, compared to healthy pregnancies. Median plasma MR-proANP was increased in diabetic pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia compared to pregnant women with diabetes only. Conclusion: Women with pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia are at risk for future cardiovascular disease, but differ in circulating cardiovascular biomarker profile. A cardiovascular biomarker profiling during pregnancy might prove helpful in identifying women at risk for future cardiovascular disease, thus enabling targeted prophylactic interventions and follow-up. © 2012 International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy.Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Diabetes and pregnancy: An endocrine society clinical practice guideline; Objective: Our objective was to formulate a clinical practice guideline for the management of the pregnant woman with diabetes. Participants: The Task Force was composed of a chair, selected by the Clinical Guidelines Subcommittee of The Endocrine Society, 5 additional experts, a methodologist, and a medical writer. Evidence: This evidence-based guideline was developed using the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) system to describe both the strength of recommendations and the quality of evidence. Consensus Process: One group meeting, several conference calls, and innumerable e-mail communications enabled consensus for all recommendations save one with a majority decision being employed for this single exception. Conclusions: Using an evidence-based approach, this Diabetes and Pregnancy Clinical Practice Guideline addresses important clinical issues in the contemporary management of women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes preconceptionally, during pregnancy, and in the postpartum setting and in the diagnosis and management of women with gestational diabetes during and after pregnancy. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society.
A simple scoring method using cardiometabolic risk measurements in pregnancy to determine 10-year risk of type 2 diabetes in women with gestational diabetes; OBJECTIVE: To examine if clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors in pregnancy predicts type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk at 10 years in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). STUDY DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: A prospective case-control study in 150 GDM and 72 overweight women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) measured cardiometabolic risk factors (body mass index (BMI), systolic blood pressure (SBP), fasting glucose, insulin, and triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol) at 28 weeks gestation and 6 months and 10 years after pregnancy. Cluster analysis of cardiometabolic risk factors in pregnancy was used to stratify GDM as 'high' and 'low risk' for diabetes and CVD risk at 10 years. The data in pregnancy were used to determine a simple method for assessing risk of future diabetes. RESULTS: BMI in the 150 GDM at study entry was similar to NGT, but 35% of GDM fell into a 'high-risk cluster' with elevated BMI, SBP, glucose, insulin and triglycerides and lower HDL levels. At 10 years, type 2 diabetes was sixfold higher in 'high-risk' GDM (odds ratio (OR)=6.75, confidence interval (CI)=2.0, 22.7, P=0.002) compared with 'low-risk' GDM and was not reported in NGT. The 'high-risk' cluster predicted type 2 diabetes better than BMI430 (OR=2.13, CI=0.71, 6.4, P=0.179) or fasting glucose >5.5 mmol l-1, (OR=4.56, CI=1.50, 13.85, P=0.007). We determined that GDM with any four of the cardiometabolic risk factors (BMI430 kgm-2, fasting glucose>5.0 mmol l-1, insulin>7.8mUl-1, triglycerides >2.4 mmol l-1, HDL<1.6 mmol l-1 or SBP>105mmHg) in pregnancy would be in a 'high-risk' cluster. CONCLUSIONS: A metabolic syndrome-like cluster in pregnant GDM identifies risk for type 2 diabetes providing an opportunity to focus on rigorous lifestyle interventions after delivery to reduce the burden of disease attributed to this condition. © 2013 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved.
Maternal Nutrition and Epigenetics in Early Life; There are increasing evidences that prenatal events influencing in utero milieu and fetal development are associated with risk of developing chronic adult conditions, such as obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases. Epigenetics is one of the potential molecular mechanisms explaining this phenomenon, often called "fetal metabolic programming." Epigenetics is defined as heritable regulation of DNA transcription that is independent of the DNA sequence and include DNA methylation. In this article, we review recent human studies that investigated associations between epigenetic marks in the offspring and maternal nutritional status, from extreme caloric restriction and nutrients deficiency during pregnancy to maternal obesity and gestational diabetes. Despite human studies being scarce, we are confident that this emerging field will increase our understanding of the biological mechanisms involved in developmental origins of health and adult diseases and inform interventions aimed at primordial prevention of chronic metabolic diseases in future generations. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Metformin: An old but still the best treatment for type 2 diabetes; The management of T2DM requires aggressive treatment to achieve glycemic and cardiovascular risk factor goals. In this setting, metformin, an old and widely accepted first line agent, stands out not only for its antihyperglycemic properties but also for its effects beyond glycemic control such as improvements in endothelial dysfunction, hemostasis and oxidative stress, insulin resistance, lipid profiles, and fat redistribution. These properties may have contributed to the decrease of adverse cardiovascular outcomes otherwise not attributable to metformin's mere antihyperglycemic effects. Several other classes of oral antidiabetic agents have been recently launched, introducing the need to evaluate the role of metformin as initial therapy and in combination with these newer drugs. There is increasing evidence from in vivo and in vitro studies supporting its anti-proliferative role in cancer and possibly a neuroprotective effect. Metformin's negligible risk of hypoglycemia in monotherapy and few drug interactions of clinical relevance give this drug a high safety profile. The tolerability of metformin may be improved by using an appropiate dose titration, starting with low doses, so that side-effects can be minimized or by switching to an extended release form. We reviewed the role of metformin in the treatment of patients with type 2 diabetes and describe the additional benefits beyond its glycemic effect. We also discuss its potential role for a variety of insulin resistant and pre-diabetic states, obesity, metabolic abnormalities associated with HIV disease, gestational diabetes, cancer, and neuroprotection. © 2013 Rojas and Gomes.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Effect of exercise intensity and duration on capillary glucose responses in pregnant women at low and high risk for gestational diabetes; Background: Exercise may influence glucose metabolism during pregnancy. We examined the effect of exercise intensity and duration on capillary glucose responses in pregnant women at low and high risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) who followed a modified GDM meal plan. Methods: Randomization occurred at study entry (16-20weeks' gestation) into a low-intensity [30% heart rate reserve, low risk-30%I, n=12; high risk-30%I, n=11] or vigorous-intensity (70% heart rate reserve, low risk-70%I, n=12; R-70%I, n=11) exercise program with similar nutritional control. Exercise consisted of walking three to four times a week, gradually increasing time from 25 to 40min/session. Free-living capillary glucose concentrations were measured once a week pre-exercise and post-exercise. Results: Capillary glucose responses to exercise were strongly influenced by an interaction between GDM risk, exercise duration and exercise intensity (p=0.006). Decreases in glucose concentrations were observed after 25 (4±13%), 35 (21±12%) and 40min (15±18%) of walking in high risk-30%I women, with the most noticeable decline after 35 and 40min. In the high risk-70%I, glucose concentrations decreased significantly only after 25 (22±14%) and 35min (7±23%) and increasing the exercise time attenuated glucose concentrations decline. In low risk women, regardless of exercise intensity and duration, decreases in glucose concentrations were significant and similar. Conclusion: To achieve the best decline in glucose concentrations, pregnant women who follow a modified GDM meal plan should walk for 25min/session at vigorous intensity or for 35-40min/session at low intensity if they are at risk for GDM and for at least 25min at either low or vigorous intensity if they are at low risk for GDM. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
The lipid accumulation product for the early prediction of gestational insulin resistance and glucose dysregulation; Background: Recent insights linking insulin resistance and lipid overaccumulation suggest a novel approach for the early identification of women who may soon experience glucose dysregulation. Among women without a history of gestational diabetes, we tested the association between the lipid accumulation product (LAP) obtained in early pregnancy and glucose dysregulation or insulin resistance in the second trimester. Methods: A total of 180 white pregnant women of French-Canadian origin were included in this study. At 11-14 weeks' gestation, fasting insulin, glucose, C-peptide concentrations, and estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) were obtained. The waist circumference (WC) and fasting triglycerides (TG) were measured to calculate LAP as (WC[cm] - 58)×TG[mmol/L]. At 24-28 weeks' gestation, glucose was measured 2 hours after a 75-g oral glucose challenge and other fasting variables were repeated. Results: Among the nulliparous women tested at the end of the second trimester, fasting insulin, C-peptide, insulin resistance (HOMA-IR index), fasting glucose, and 2-hour glucose progressively increased (p≤0.002) according to their first-trimester LAP tertiles. Similar results were observed in parous women except for the glucose variables. The first-trimester LAP tended to show a stronger correlation to the second-trimester HOMA-IR index (r=0.56) than fasting triglyceride levels alone (r=0.40) or waist circumference alone (r=0.44) among nulliparous women. Similar associations were observed for parous women. Adjustment for body mass index weakened these associations, especially among parous women. Conclusions: An increased value of LAP at the beginning of a pregnancy could be associated with an increased risk of insulin resistance or hyperglycemia later in gestation. © Copyright 2013, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2013.
Maternal obesity, lipotoxicity and cardiovascular diseases in offspring; Maternal obesity has risen dramatically over the past 20. years, by nearly 42% in African-Americans and 29% in Caucasians. Maternal obesity is afflicted with many maternal obstetric complications in the offspring including high blood pressure, obesity, gestational diabetes and increased perinatal morbidity. Maternal nutritional environment plays a rather important role in the programming of the health set-points in the offspring such as glucose and insulin metabolism, energy balance and predisposition to metabolic disorders. In particular, maternal obesity is associated with elevated prevalence of cardiovascular diseases in the offspring. Evidence from human and experimental studies including rodents and nonhuman primates has indicated that maternal obesity or overnutrition programs offspring for an increased risk of adult obesity. Maternal obesity or fat diet exposure predisposes the onset and development of obesity, insulin resistance, cardiac hypertrophy and myocardial contractile anomalies in the offspring. A number of mechanisms including elevated hormones (leptin, insulin), nutrients (fatty acids, triglycerides and glucose) and inflammatory cytokines have been postulated to play a key role in maternal obesity-induced postnatal cardiovascular sequelae. In addition, lipotoxicity (accumulation of lipid metabolites) resulting from maternal obesity is capable of activating a number of stress signaling cascades including pro-inflammatory cytokines and oxidative stress to exacerbate maternal obesity-induced cardiovascular complications later on in adult life. This mini-review summarizes the recent knowledge with regard to the role of lipotoxicity in maternal obesity-induced change in cardiovascular function in the offspring. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled "Focus on Cardiac Metabolism". © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
Lowering dietary glycaemic index through nutrition education among Malaysian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases risks for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Low glycaemic index (GI) diets improve cardio-metabolic outcomes in insulin-resistant individuals. We examined the feasibility of lowering GI through GI-based-education among Asian post-GDM women. Methods: A 3-month investigation was carried out on 60 Malaysian women with a mean age of 31.0±4.5 years and a history of GDM. Subjects were randomised into two groups: LGIE and CHDR. The CHDR group received conventional healthy dietary recommendations only. The LGIE group received GI based-education in addition to conventional healthy dietary recommendations. At baseline and after 3-months, dietary intake of energy and macronutrient intakes including GI diet and glycaemic load was assessed using 3-day food records. Diabetes-Diet and GI-concept scores and physical activity levels were assessed using a questionnaire. Adherence to dietary instructions was measured at the end of 3 months. Results: At the end of 3 months, the LGIE group had significant reductions in energy intake (241.7±522.4Kcal, P=0.037, ES=0.463), total carbohydrate (48.7±83.5g, P=0.010, ES=0.583), GI (3.9±7.1, P=0.017, ES=0.549) and GL (39.0±55.3, P=0.003, ES=0.705) and significant increases in protein (3.7±5.4g, 0.003, ES=0.685) and diet fibre (4.6±7.3g, P=0.06). The CHDR group had a significant reduction in fat only (5.7±9.4g, P=0.006, ES=0.606). There was a 30% increase in GI-concept scores in the LGIE group (p< 0.001). Changes in GI-concept scores correlated significantly to the reduction in dietary GI (r = -0.642, P=0.045). Dietary adherence was comparable in both groups. Conclusion: GI-education improves GI-concept knowledge and helps lower dietary glycaemic index among women with a history of GDM.
Adiposity and hyperglycaemia in pregnancy and related health outcomes in European ethnic minorities of Asian and African origin: A review; Background: Ethnic minorities in Europe have high susceptibility to type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and, in some groups, also cardiovascular disease (CVD). Pregnancy can be considered a stress test that predicts future morbidity patterns in women and that affects future health of the child. Objective: To review ethnic differences in: 1) adiposity, hyperglycaemia, and pre-eclampsia during pregnancy; 2) future risk in the mother of obesity, T2DM and CVD; and 3) prenatal development and possible influences of maternal obesity, hyperglycaemia, and pre-eclampsia on offspring's future disease risk, as relevant for ethnic minorities in Europe of Asian and African origin. Design: Literature review. Results: Maternal health among ethnic minorities is still sparsely documented. Higher pre-pregnant body mass index (BMI) is found in women of African and Middle Eastern descent, and lower BMI in women from East and South Asia compared with women from the majority population. Within study populations, risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is considerably higher in many minority groups, particularly South Asians, than in the majority population. This increased risk is apparent at lower BMI and younger ages. Women of African origin have higher risk of pre-eclampsia. A GDM pregnancy implies approximately seven-fold higher risk of T2DM than normal pregnancies, and both GDM and pre-eclampsia increase later risk of CVD. Asian neonates have lower birth weights, and mostly also African neonates. This may translate into increased risks of later obesity, T2DM, and CVD. Foetal overgrowth can promote the same conditions. Breastfeeding represents a possible strategy to reduce risk of T2DM in both the mother and the child. Conclusions: Ethnic minority women in Europe with Asian and African origin and their offspring seem to be at increased risk of T2DM and CVD, both currently and in the future. Pregnancy is an important window of opportunity for short and long-term disease prevention. © 2013 Anne Karen Jenum et al.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk after pregnancy; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects many women in pregnancy and is enhanced by epidemic conditions of obesity, increasing age at the time of the first pregnancy, stressful life conditions, a sedentary lifestyle with less physical activity and unhealthy nutrition with highly processed, high-calorie food intake. GDM does not affect the mother and offspring in pregnancy alone, as there is compelling evidence of the long-term effects of the hyperglycemic state in pregnancy postpartum. Type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome are more common in GDM women, and even the offspring of GDM women are reported to have higher obesity rates and a higher risk for noncommunicable diseases. Early prevention of risk factors seems to be key to overcoming the vicious cycle of cardiometabolic disease onset. © 2014 Future Medicine Ltd.
QT dispersion and electrocardiographic changes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents additional risks to both mother and infant. Moreover it increases a woman's risk of cardiovascular disease in the postpartum. The aim of our study was therefore to detect changes of both the QT dispersion and the electrical heart field that could be typical for GDM. Body surface potential maps were obtained using the Cardiac 112.2 device from 26 young women with GDM and 54 young healthy pregnant women in the 36th week of pregnancy. The same recordings were obtained from 18 healthy women in the same age (19-36 years). The average QT dispersion (±SD) in women suffering from GDM was significantly higher (107±25 ms) both than in those with physiological pregnancy (73±18 ms) and than in the normal subjects (34±12 ms) (P<0.001). Moreover we have found in GDM patients shorter QRS complex 82.0±6.8 ms vs. 89.5±8.2 ms in healthy pregnant women and 90.8±7.9 ms in the control group (p=0.011), more horizontal electrical heart axis [16.4±20.1° vs. 42.4±28.7° and 74.6±39.2° respectively (P<0.05)] and lower some depolarization and repolarization amplitudes on isopotential and isointegral maps. According to these results we suppose that described electrocardiographic changes reflect a deterioration of the complete process of ventricular depolarization and repolarization in GDM. © 2012 Institute of Physiology v.v.i.
Cardiometabolic consequences of gestational dysglycemia; The development of gestational diabetes and even milder forms of dysglycemia during pregnancy represents a maternal phenotype at increased subsequent risk for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, and, with time, overt cardiovascular disease. A careful and systematic dissection of the hormonal, metabolic, and vascular changes occurring in such women during pregnancy and over the postpartum years provides a unique opportunity to identify conventional and novel conditions and biomarkers whose modification may attenuate adverse long-term outcomes, particularly cardiovascular risk. The purpose of this review is to summarize current understanding of the magnitude of such risk and its potential causes, with a particular focus on postpartum alterations in endothelial and vascular smooth muscle responsiveness. © 2013 American College of Cardiology Foundation.
The plasma logarithm of the triglyceride/HDL-cholesterol ratio is a predictor of low risk gestational diabetes in early pregnancy; Background: The plasma lipid profile changes atherogenically during normal pregnancy. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can exacerbate the changes in metabolism. The logarithm of the ratio triglycerides/HDL-cholesterol is an atherogenic index of the plasma (AIP) and can be used as a marker for plasma atherogenicity. Methods: Serum of 576 unrelated Euro-Brazilian pregnant women was collected and the subjects were classified as healthy pregnant women (control, n = 288) and gestational diabetic patients (GDM, n = 288) according to the ADA 2010 criteria. Both studied groups were sub classified in 4 gestational periods: (i) 12-23, (ii) 24-28, (iii) 29-32 and (iv) > 32. weeks of gestation. Results: Except for the AIP, the other parameters showed low discrimination between control and GDM groups (ROC curves). When analyzed by ROC curves the AIP of subjects in the early period of gestation showed sensitivity and specificity of 82.6% and 83.4%, respectively, with a cut-off point of 0.099 (AUC 0.886, P < 0.0001). Conclusions: The AIP is a valuable index to identify pregnant women with low risk of gestational diabetes before 24. weeks of gestation. © 2012 Elsevier B.V.
Association of serum amyloid A with subclinical atherosclerosis in women with gestational diabetes; The aim of our study was to evaluate serum amyloid A (SAA), an acute phase reactant, and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) as a valid predictor of atherosclerosis in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Serum samples from 39 pregnant women with GDM and 25 healthy pregnant women were collected for the analysis of SAA. CIMT was measured in both groups to evaluate future atherosclerotic heart disease risk. The SAA level was measured with ELISA. The mean arterial blood pressure (MABP), CIMT and SAA levels were significantly higher in women with GDM compared with healthy pregnant controls (p = 0.033, p = 0.001 and p = 0.004, respectively). There were significant correlations between SAA and age, BMI, MABP, 50-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and A1c (p = 0.048, p = 0.037, p = 0.035, p = 0.042 and p = 0.048, respectively) and between CIMT and BMI, MABP, and 50-g OGTT, (p = 0.001, p = 0.004 and p < 0.001, respectively) in correlation analysis. Furthermore, there was a correlation between SAA and CIMT (p = 0.048). Increased SAA and CIMT values in GDM compared with healthy controls might indicate an increased risk of subclinical atherosclerosis and future atherosclerotic heart disease and the importance of inflammation in this process. These changes were associated with obesity, hypertension and glucose intolerance-related factors (BMI, MABP, and 50-g OGTT), which may be relevant to GDM pathophysiology. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd.
Anaesthetic management of caesarean section in pregnancy with diabetes and hypertrophic myocardiopathy with restrictive diastolic dysfunction; Haemodynamic changes that occur during pregnancy are maximal between 28 and 34 weeks. In the pregnant woman with several associated diseases, such as hypertensive myocardiopathy and pre-gestational diabetes, these changes can lead to a difficult control of pulmonary hypertension and acute pulmonary oedema. We report the case of a pregnant woman with long term type 1 diabetes mellitus who suffered pre-eclampsia in a previous pregnancy, and since then developed hypertensive cardiomyopathy. She was admitted at 30 week gestation for metabolic and blood pressure control, and developed congestive cardiac failure after the administration of betamethasone for foetal lung maturity. A transthoracic echocardiogram showed a non-dilated hypertrophic left ventricle with good systolic function, restrictive diastolic dysfunction and moderate pulmonary arterial hypertension. When her general condition improved, we performed a caesarean section under regional anaesthesia to prevent the complications of pulmonary and systemic hypertension. We present the anaesthetic management and resolution of complications after oxytocin administration. © 2011 Sociedad Española de Anestesiología, Reanimación y Terapéutica del Dolor.
Gestational diabetes, maternal obesity, and the NCD burden; A greater proportion of women of reproductive age are now overweight or obese. Gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity are associated with long-term adverse consequences in the offspring and subsequent generations, and are important drivers of the escalating global burden of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. We review the evidence linking gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity with a greater risk of metabolic compromise in the offspring. We use an evolutionary perspective to elucidate the origins of gestational diabetes. Focusing efforts on maternal health is an important approach to combating the growing burden of diabetes and other noncommunicable diseases. © 2013, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Diabetes and oral contraception; The prevalence of diabetes mellitus is increasing dramatically worldwide, resulting in more and more women of reproductive age being affected by either type 1 or type 2 diabetes. Management of contraception is a major issue due to the specific risks associated with pregnancy and those potentially induced by hormonal contraceptives in diabetic women. This review emphasizes the urgent need to improve the use of contraception in women with diabetes. There is no consistent evidence that combined oral contraceptives significantly influence the risk of developing diabetes, even in women with a history of gestational diabetes. Furthermore, although data from specific studies remain sparse, no worsening effect has been reported in diabetic women, either in glycemic control or on the course of microvascular complications. Thus, the use of estroprogestive pills is now recognized as a safe and effective option for preconception care of women with uncomplicated diabetes. According to recent guidelines, these contraceptives must be avoided in case of associated cardiovascular risk factors, cardiovascular disease or severe microvascular complications such as nephropathy with proteinuria or active proliferative retinopathy. Prescription of combined hormonal contraception in type 2 diabetic women must also be considered with caution due to a frequent association with obesity and vascular risk factors which increase both thromboembolic and arterial risks. Thanks to their metabolic and vascular safety profile, progestin-only contraceptives, as well as non-hormonal methods, represent alternatives according to patient wishes. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Is preeclampsia a significant risk factor for long-term hospitalizations and morbidity; Objective: The present study was aimed to evaluate long-term morbidity of patients with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Study design: A retrospective cohort study was conducted, including women who gave birth between the years of 1988 to 1998, and had a follow-up until December 2009. Data were extracted by linking a computerized database of hospitalizations with computerized database containing maternal records from the same regional medical center. The exposed group comprised 2072 patients with mild or severe preeclampsia in one or more of their pregnancies and the comparison group included 20742 patients without preeclampsia. Excluded from the study were patients with chronic hypertension and pre-gestational diabetes before the index pregnancy. Data included subsequent hospitalizations in internal medicine, oncology, nephrology, neurology, cardiac intensive care unit, and hematology, as well as a diagnosis of chronic hypertension during the follow-up period. Results: Patients with preeclampsia had significantly higher rates of chronic hypertension diagnosed after the index pregnancy as compared with patients without preeclampsia (12.5% vs. 0.9%; OR = 15.8, 95% CI 12.9-19.3; p < 0.001). Likewise, patients with preeclampsia were more likely to be hospitalized at least once (13.7% vs. 11.4%; OR = 1.2, 95% CI 1.1-1.4; p = 0.002) as compared with patients without preeclampsia. Exposed women had 582 hospitalizations (0.28 hospitalization/ patient), while the non-exposed patients had a total of 4687 hospitalizations (0.23 hospitalization/patient; p < 0.001). Conclusion: Preeclampsia is a significant risk factor for long-term morbidity such as chronic hypertension and hospitalizations later in life. © 2013 Informa UK, Ltd.
Pregnancy, cesarean, and pheochromocytoma: A case report and literature review; A 43-year-old full-term pregnant woman (gravida 2, para 1, medical history of gestational diabetes mellitus) developed a sudden and malignant hypertension with hemoptysis, sweat, and tachycardia during a scheduled C-section. A dead newborn was delivered and was successfully resuscitated. The mother died after resistant cardiac arrest. Autopsy and pathological analyses revealed an acute pulmonary edema and a necrotic and hemorrhagic voluminous tumor of the left adrenal gland, which was a pheochromocytoma. Pheochromocytoma is a rare tumor of the adrenal glands which secretes catecholamines. In pregnant women, its symptoms can mimic gestational hypertension, preeclampsia or eclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus. The gestational diabetes mellitus was presumed to be a symptom of the pheochromocytoma, and cardiopulmonary failure the result from the necrosis of the tumor provoked by gravid uterus compression. From a medico-legal point of view, the tumor could not have been suspected during the pregnancy. © 2013 American Academy of Forensic Sciences.
Left ventricular function in newborn infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To evaluate left ventricular function in newborn infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Forty newborn infants of mother with GDM(GDM group) and forty normal newborn infants (control group) were enrolled in this study. Two-dimensional speckle tracking imaging was used to measure interventricular septal thickness, posterior left ventricular wall thickness and left ventricular ejection fraction in both groups. Left ventricular rotation and torsion were evaluated for all participants. Results: Interventricular septal thickness in the GDM group was much higher than in the control group (0.45 ± 0.06 mm vs 0.34 ± 0.05 mm; P < 0.05). Posterior left ventricular wall thickness in the GDM group was also higher than in the control group (0.45 ± 0.17 mm vs 0.31 ± 0.02 mm; P < 0.05). There was no difference in the left ventricular ejection fraction between the two groups (P > 0.05). Peak subendocardial rotation, peak subepicardial rotation, peak bulk rotation and peak mural torsion were higher in the GDM group than in the control group (P < 0.05). Conclusions: Cardiac function may be impaired in newborn infants of mothers with GDM, with changes in left ventricular shape and abnormalities of left ventricular rotation and torsion. However, infants have a normal ventricular blood ejection under the cardiac compensation. Two-dimensional speckle tracking imaging technique can be used for early detection of left ventricular function.
Pharmacotherapy in pregnancy; Effect of ABC and SLC transporters on drug transport across the placenta and fetal drug exposure; Pharmacotherapy during pregnancy is often inevitable for medical treatment of the mother, the fetus or both. The knowledge of drug transport across placenta is, therefore, an important topic to bear in mind when deciding treatment in pregnant women. Several drug transporters of the ABC and SLC families have been discovered in the placenta, such as P-glycoprotein, breast cancer resistance protein, or organic anion/cation transporters. It is thus evident that the passage of drugs across the placenta can no longer be predicted simply on the basis of their physical-chemical properties. Functional expression of placental drug transporters in the trophoblast and the possibility of drug-drug interactions must be considered to optimize pharmacotherapy during pregnancy. In this review we summarize current knowledge on the expression and function of ABC and SLC transporters in the trophoblast. Furthermore, we put this data into context with medical conditions that require maternal and/or fetal treatment during pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes, HIV infection, fetal arrhythmias and epilepsy. Proper understanding of the role of placental transporters should be of great interest not only to clinicians but also to pharmaceutical industry for future drug design and development to control the degree of fetal exposure. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd.
Disorders in glucidic metabolism and congenital heart diseases: Detection and prevention; The identification of gestational diabetes (GDM) through appropriate screening and its subsequent treatment have not been demonstrated to limit neonatal malformations to date. This study aimed to detect congenital heart diseases in newborns of mothers with GDM by evaluating the existence of a correlation with maternal glycemic control. This observational prospective study investigated newborns of mothers with GDM enrolled during a period of 9 months. Four subgroups were considered according to the type of maternal glucidic alteration during pregnancy and the home treatment: impaired glucose tolerance, insulin-dependent gestational diabetes mellitus (IDDM), non-insulin-dependent gestational diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and gestational diabetes not controlled (NC: untreated diabetes). Student's t test was used to compare the subgroups. The study enrolled 65 newborns (30 boys) born to 82 of mothers with impaired glucidic metabolism. Patent ductus arteriosus was observed in 11 patients (16.9 %), pulmonary stenosis of mild grade in 4 patients (6.2 %), and hypertrophy of the ventricular septum in 22 patients (33.8 %). A total of 14 patients had increased thickness in the left ventricle posterior wall, and 17 patients had an abnormal electrocardiogram. Hyperglycemia can influence the development of the fetal heart, affecting both its structure and its function. A treatment with insulin for women with GDM is supported by the study data. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Antenatal factors associated with perinatal arterial ischemic stroke; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE-: Perinatal arterial ischemic stroke (PAIS) is a common cause of hemiplegic cerebral palsy in children. The diagnosis of PAIS is based on cerebral imaging. The objective of our study was to determine prenatal risk factors associated with PAIS. METHODS-: A retrospective case-control study was nested in the whole population of Burgundy, France, from January 2000 to December 2007. Case patients were confirmed by review of brain imaging and medical records. Three control subjects per case were randomly selected from the study population by sex, term, place, and year of birth. RESULTS-: PAIS was confirmed in 32 patients and its incidence was one per 4400 live births. In comparison to control subjects, clinical conditions significantly associated to cases were gestational diabetes (16.1% versus 4.2%; P=0.04), fetal heart rate abnormalities (35.5% versus 10.9%; P=0.001), and meconium-stained liquor (40% versus 12%; P<0.001). At the limit of statistical significance were found maternal smoking before (39.3% versus 22.9%; P=0.08) and during pregnancy (32.1% versus 16.7%; P=0.07), cord abnormalities (29% versus 14.1%; P=0.06), and cesarean delivery (28.1% versus 14.6%; P=0.08). In the multivariate analysis, maternal smoking during pregnancy (OR, 3.1; 95% CI, 1.1-8.8; P=0.04) was the only risk factor significantly associated with PAIS. CONCLUSIONS-: This study is the first to identify maternal smoking during pregnancy as an independent prenatal risk factor of PAIS. Additional prospective studies are needed to confirm this result and to investigate the role of maternal smoking in fetal and neonatal thrombogenesis. © 2012 American Heart Association, Inc.
Ethnic variation in the activity of lipid desaturases and their relationships with cardiovascular risk factors in control women and an at-risk group with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional study; Background: Lipid desaturase enzymes mediate the metabolism of fatty acids to long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and their activities are related to metabolic risk factors for Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and coronary heart disease (CHD). There are marked ethnic differences in risks of CHD and T2DM but little is known about ethnic differences in desaturase activities. Methods. Samples from a study of CVD risk in women with previous gestational diabetes were analysed for percentage fatty acids in plasma free fatty acid, triglyceride, cholesterol ester and phospholipid pools for 89 white European, 53 African Caribbean and 56 Asian Indian women. The fatty acid desaturase activities, stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD, calculated separately for C16 and C18 fatty acids), delta 6 desaturase (D6D) and delta 5 desaturase (D5D) were estimated from precursor-to-product ratios and their relationships with adiposity, blood pressure, cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL cholesterol and insulin sensitivity explored. Ethnic differences in desaturase activities independent of ethnic variation in risk factor correlates of desaturase activities were then identified. Results: There was significant ethnic variation in age, BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, serum triglycerides and HDL cholesterol concentrations and insulin resistance. Desaturase activities showed significant correlations, independent of ethnicity, with BMI, waist circumference, triglycerides and HDL cholesterol. Independent of ethnic variation in BMI, waist circumference, triglycerides and HDL cholesterol, SCD-16 activity, calculated from each of the four lipid pools measured, was 18-35 percent higher in white Europeans than in African Caribbeans or Asian Indians (all p < 0.001). Similar, though less consistent differences were apparent for SCD-18 activity. Also independently of risk factor variation, but specifically when calculated from the cholesterol ester and phospholipid, pools, D6D activity was significantly lower in Asian Indians, and D5D activity higher in African Caribbeans. Conclusions: Significant ethnic differences exist in desaturase activities, independently of ethnic variation in other risk factors. These characteristics did not accord with higher risk of T2DM among African Caribbeans and Asian Indians nor with lower risk of CHD among African Caribbeans but did accord with the higher risk of CHD in Asian Indians. © 2013 Gray et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Maternal rhabdomyolysis and twin fetal death associated with gestational diabetes insipidus; Background: Gestational diabetes insipidus is a rare, transient complication of pregnancy typically characterized by polyuria and polydipsia that may lead to mild electrolyte abnormalities. More severe sequelae of gestational diabetes insipidus are uncommon. Case: We present a case of a 25-year-old woman at 23 weeks of gestation in a dichorionic-diamniotic twin pregnancy who developed severe symptomatic gestational diabetes insipidus complicated by rhabdomyolysis and death of both fetuses. Conclusion: Maternal rhabdomyolysis caused by gestational diabetes insipidus is extremely rare. Early recognition and treatment of gestational diabetes insipidus is necessary to prevent maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. © 2013 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Endothelial function in women with and without a history of glucose intolerance in pregnancy; Background/Aims. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and milder gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) identify women who are at risk of developing cardiovascular disease. Endothelial dysfunction, as indicated by impaired flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) on brachial artery ultrasound, is an early marker of vascular disease. Thus, we sought to evaluate endothelial function in women with and without recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy. Methods. One-hundred and seventeen women underwent oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT) in pregnancy, enabling stratification into those with normal gestational glucose tolerance (n = 59) and those with GDM or GIGT (n = 58). 6 years postpartum, they underwent a repeat of OGTT and brachial artery FMD studies, enabling assessment of FMD and 4 secondary vascular measures: FMD after 60 seconds (FMD 60), baseline arterial diameter, peak shear rate, and reactive hyperemia. Results. There were no differences between the normal gestational glucose tolerance and GDM/GIGT groups in FMD (mean 8.5 versus 9.3%, P = 0.61), FMD60 (4.1 versus 5.1%, P = 0.33), baseline diameter (3.4 versus 3.4 mm, P = 0.66), peak shear rate (262.6 versus 274.8 s-1, P = 0.32), and reactive hyperemia (576.6 versus 496.7%, P = 0.07). After covariate adjustment, there were still no differences between the groups. Conclusion. Despite their long-term cardiovascular risk, women with glucose intolerance in pregnancy do not display endothelial dysfunction 6 years postpartum. © 2013 Shireen Brewster et al.
A study of postpartum depression and maternal risk factors in Qatar; Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate the association between maternal complications and postpartum depression (PPD) among postpartum women in Qatar by using the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) as well as a structured questionnaire. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study of PPD of 1379 postpartum women within 6 months of delivery attending the primary healthcare centers of the State of Qatar. Results: The prevalence of PPD was 17.6% in the studied mothers. The results of the logistic regression analysis showed that the risk factors for PPD included various socio-demographic risk factors such as education, occupation, consanguinity and access to transportation. Amongst the maternal factors studied, history of unplanned pregnancy and infertility and other medical complications such as gestational diabetes, heart disease, threatened abortion and cesarean section were found to be risk factors for PPD. Amongst the postpartum women with maternal complications, items related to feeling scared and panicky and feeling sad and miserable were the most frequently reported symptoms of depression. These women were also more likely to be experiencing sleep difficulty (p=0.029) compared to women without maternal complications. Conclusion: While socio-demographic risk factors are well studied in the PPD literature, there is much less information on the impact of maternal complications on the psychological status of postpartum women. Postpartum women, especially those with maternal complications, need close screening and have quick access to mental healthcare within integrated reproductive health services. © 2013 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved.
High glucose level induces cardiovascular dysplasia during early embryo development; The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has increased dramatically amongst multiethnic population. However, how gestational diabetes mellitus damages the developing embryo is still unknown. In this study, we used yolk sac membrane (YSM) model to investigate angiogenesis in the developing chick embryo. We determined that in the presence of high glucose, it retarded the growth and extension of the embryonic vascular plexus and it also reduced the density of the vasculature in yolk sac membrane model. Using the same strategy, we used the chorioallantoic membrane (CAM) as a model to investigate the influence of high glucose on the vasculature. We established that high glucose inhibited development of the blood vessel plexus and the blood vessels formed had a narrower diameter than control vessels. Concurrent with the abnormal angiogenesis, we also examined how it impacted cardiogenesis. We determined the myocardium in the right ventricle and left atrium were significantly thicker than the control and also there was a reduction in glycogen content in cardiomyocytes. The high glucose also induced excess reactive oxygen species (ROS) production in the cardiomyocytes. We postulated that it was the excess reactive oxygen species that damaged the cardiomyocytes resulting in cardiac hyperplasia.
[Anesthetic aspects of the problem of morbid obesity in pregnancy]; The prevalence of morbid obesity has been grown at a very heart rate in developed countries during the last decades. Over-weight pregnant women make up a group of risk of such serious complications as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, increased frequency of Cesarean sections, and uterine inertia. Morbid obesity creates problems in anesthetic support. Obesity is associated with many physiological changes that compromise the adaptive ability in pregnant and delivering women. This review describes clinical and functional peculiarities of pregnancy, labor, and perioperative period in women with morbid obesity. Main physiological changes in these patients are described. Clinical aspects of the problem of practical significance for obstetricians/anesthetists are discussed.
Tuberous sclerosis with cardiac tumor in fetus with diabetic mother; Introduction A heart tumor in children is rare and the most primary tumor of the heart is rhabdomyoma. We report a case of cardiac mass diagnosed at 32th weeks of pregnancy while the mother had gestational diabetes Mellitus. Serial echocardiography revealed regression of the tumor; then follow up of the patient confirmed tuberous sclerosis.
Growth factors in preeclampsia: A vascular disease model: A failed vasodilation and angiogenic challenge from pregnancy onwards?; Preeclampsia is the major cause of maternofetal and neonatal morbi-mortality including intrauterine growth retardation, miscarriages and stillbirths. Inadequate vascular dilation and angiogenesis represent the crucial underlying defect of gravidic hypertension, denoting a failed response to the vasodilatory and pro-angiogenic challenge imposed by pregnancy, especially if multifetal. A similar pathogenesis appears involved in gestational diabetes. In this review we aimed to provide a hint on understanding the deeply involved angiogenic disorders which eventually culminate in utero-placental failure. The key players in these complex processes may be found in an intricate network of growth factors (GFs) and GF inhibitors, controlled by several vascular risk factors modulated by environment and genes, which eventually impact on early and late cardiovascular outcomes of mother and fetus. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.
Need for insulin to control gestational diabetes is reflected in the ambulatory arterial stiffness index; Background: The aim was to evaluate the metabolic profile in conjunction with vascular function using the ambulatory arterial stiffness index (AASI) in women with uncomplicated pregnancies and in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Plasma glucose, lipids, HOMA -IR (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance) and AASI, as obtained from 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring in third trimester pregnancy and at three months postpartum, were measured in three groups of women: controls (N = 32), women with GDM on diet (N = 42) and women with GDM requiring insulin treatment (N = 10).Results: Women with GDM had poorer glycemic control and higher HOMA-IR during and after pregnancy and their total and LDL (low density lipoprotein) cholesterol levels were significantly higher after pregnancy than in the controls. After delivery, there was an improvement in AASI from 0.26 ± 0.10 to 0.17 ± 0.09 (P = 0.002) in women with GDM on diet, but not in women with GDM receiving insulin whose AASI tended to worsen after delivery from 0.30 ± 0.23 to 0.33 ± 0.09 (NS), then being significantly higher than in the other groups (P = 0.001-0.047). Conclusions: Women with GDM had more unfavorable lipid profile and higher blood glucose values at three months after delivery, the metabolic profile being worst in women requiring insulin. Interestingly, the metabolic disturbances at three months postpartum were accompanied by a tendency towards arterial stiffness to increase in women requiring insulin. © 2013 Karkkainen et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Mothers After Gestational Diabetes in Australia Diabetes Prevention Program (MAGDA-DPP) post-natal intervention: Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance with its onset or first recognition during pregnancy. Post-GDM women have a life-time risk exceeding 70% of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Lifestyle modifications reduce the incidence of T2DM by up to 58% for high-risk individuals. Methods/Design: The Mothers After Gestational Diabetes in Australia Diabetes Prevention Program (MAGDA-DPP) is a randomized controlled trial aiming to assess the effectiveness of a structured diabetes prevention intervention for post-GDM women. This trial has an intervention group participating in a diabetes prevention program (DPP), and a control group receiving usual care from their general practitioners during the same time period. The 12-month intervention comprises an individual session followed by five group sessions at two-week intervals, and two follow-up telephone calls. A total of 574 women will be recruited, with 287 in each arm. The women will undergo blood tests, anthropometric measurements, and self-reported health status, diet, physical activity, quality of life, depression, risk perception and healthcare service usage, at baseline and 12 months. At completion, primary outcome (changes in diabetes risk) and secondary outcome (changes in psychosocial and quality of life measurements and in cardiovascular disease risk factors) will be assessed in both groups. Discussion: This study aims to show whether MAGDA-DPP leads to a reduction in diabetes risk for post-GDM women. The characteristics that predict intervention completion and improvement in clinical and behavioral measures will be useful for further development of DPPs for this population. Trial registration: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ANZCTRN 12610000338066. © 2013 Shih et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Lipoprotein(a) is not related to markers of insulin resistance in pregnancy; Background: Dyslipidemia, a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease is a common finding in patients with type 2 diabetes and among women with gestational diabetes. Elevated levels of lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] are linked to increased risk of cardiovascular disease. However, its relationship with insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes is controversial and unproven. Here we aimed to clarify whether Lp(a) levels are associated with insulin sensitivity in pregnancy.Methods: Sixty-four women with gestational diabetes and 165 with normal glucose tolerance were enrolled in the study. Fasting Lp(a) serum levels were measured in all women at 24-28 weeks of gestation.Results: In pregnancy, there was no significant difference in serum Lp(a) concentrations between the two groups. Its level did not correlate with markers of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), insulin sensitivity (HOMA-S%), pancreatic beta-cell function (HOMA-B%) and insulin sensitivity in dynamic conditions (OGIS). In addition, fasting glucose and insulin levels and those throughout an oral glucose tolerance test were independent of Lp(a) concentrations in our study group.Conclusions: Lp(a) levels in pregnant women do not differ with respect to the presence or absence of gestational diabetes. Although influenced by some components of the lipid profile, such as triglycerides and HDL-C, insulin resistance in pregnancy is not affected by Lp(a). © 2013 Todoric et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Adiponectin in pregnancy: Implications for health and disease; Pregnancy is a unique physiologic state that is associated with profound alterations in maternal metabolic, endocrine, and vascular function, designed to ensure the delivery of appropriate energy and nutrition to the developing fetus. In this context, the role of the fat-derived hormone adiponectin is of interest, particularly in light of emerging recognition of the broad array of physiologic processes upon which this adipokine impacts. Indeed, adiponectin has pleiotropic effects on the regulation of energy homeostasis, systemic inflammation, vascular function, cell growth, and even bone metabolism. Thus, in this review, we consider existing evidence for the physiologic role of adiponectin in human gestation and how this protein may be relevant to two major medical disorders of pregnancy: gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. While studies to date have yielded many conflicting findings pertaining to adiponectin in pregnancy, further investigation in this area is essential. Ultimately, elucidation of adiponectin physiology in the setting of both normal pregnancy and its pathologic conditions may provide unique insight into fundamental processes that are relevant to health and disease in mother and child. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers.
Metformin revisited - an 'old' drug with a 'new' beginning; Acting as a weak activator of AMP-activated protein kinase, metformin has established itself as a cost-effective first line agent in the management of type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Besides slowing progression to this condition, its use is associated with improved survival and lower rates of myocardial infarction in T2DM, as well as benefits in stable patients with heart failure. Metformin may play a valuable role in early nephropathy, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and as adjunct therapy in type 1 diabetes. It is increasingly advocated in patients with gestational diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome. Its role as an anti-cancer agent remains controversial.
Effect of maternal gestational diabetes on the cardiovascular risk factor profile of infants at 1 year of age; Background and aim: Offspring of women with gestational diabetes (GDM) exhibit anadverse cardiovascular risk factor profile by as early as age 5 years. Recently, maternal glycemia has been associated with epigenetic modification of genes on the fetal side of the placenta, including those encoding emerging risk factors (adiponectin, leptin), suggesting that vascular differences may emerge even earlier in life. Thus, we sought to evaluate cardiovascular risk factors and determinants thereof in 1-year-old infants of women with and without GDM. Methods and results: Traditional (glucose, lipids) and emerging (C-reactive protein (CRP), adiponectin, leptin) risk factors were assessed in pregnancy in 104 women with (n=36) and without GDM (n=68), and at age 1-year in their offspring. In pregnancy, women with GDM had higher triglycerides (2.49 vs 2.10mmol/L, p=0.04) and CRP (5.3 vs 3.6mg/L, p=0.03), and lower adiponectin (7.3 vs 8.5μg/mL, p=0.04) than did their peers. At age 1-year, however, there were no differences in cardiovascular risk factors (including adiponectin) between the infants of women with and without GDM. Of note, maternal and infant adiponectin levels were associated in the non-GDM group (r=0.39, p=0.001) but not in the GDM group (r=0.07, p=0.67). Furthermore, on multiple linear regression analyses, maternal adiponectin emerged as an independent predictor of infant adiponectin in the non-GDM group only (beta=776.1, p=0.0065). Conclusion: Infants of women with and without GDM have a similar cardiovascular risk factor profile at age 1-year. However, there are differences in their early-life determinants of adiponectin that may be relevant to the subsequent vascular risk of GDM offspring. © 2013 Elsevier B.V.
Cardiovascular disease in menopause: Does the obstetric history have any bearing?; Cardiovascular disease remains a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in menopausal women in spite of the overall reduction in age-adjusted mortality from the disease in the last few years. It is now clear that mechanisms of cardiovascular disease in menopausal women are similar to men and rather than midlife acceleration of cardiovascular disease in women, the final impact of cardiovascular disease in later life may be a reflection of cardiovascular changes during reproductive years as a result of woman's obstetric history. A decade after the Women's Health Initiative trial, there is upcoming evidence to suggest that hormone replacement therapy in young recently menopausal women has a cardioprotective effect. Cardiovascular changes during normal pregnancy or pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia may affect a woman's long-term cardiovascular health. Therefore, it is plausible that the cardioprotective benefit of hormone replacement therapy depends on occult pre-existing cardiovascular risks in women in relation to their previous obstetric history. In this review, we describe the cardiovascular changes during and after pregnancy in obstetric complications such as recurrent miscarriage, preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, preterm labour and gestational diabetes; existing evidence regarding their association with cardiovascular disease later in life, and hypothesize possible mechanisms. Our aim is to improve the understanding and highlight the importance of including obstetric history in risk assessment in menopausal women and individualizing their risks before prescribing hormone replacement therapy. Future research in risk benefit assessment of hormone replacement therapy should also account for a woman's background cardiovascular risk in the light of her obstetric history. © The Author(s) 2013.
Diabetes care in pregnancy; Great strides have been made in the management of diabetes mellitus in pregnancy in recent years. As a result of the epidemic of obesity, more young women are being diagnosed with gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes in pregnancy. This section serves to classify the different types of diabetes in pregnancy, the current and proposed criteria for diagnosis, and the principles of management. A diabetes-obstetrics healthcare team should, ideally, be responsible for the comprehensive management of these women. Excellent care throughout (and, in certain cases, prior to) pregnancy ensures a successful outcome in the vast majority of these pregnancies.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes in cases involving extremely young maternal age; Objective: To assess pregnancy outcomes among adolescent girls 16 years old or younger and their newborns. Methods: A cohort study was carried out at Siriraj Hospital, Mahidol University, Bangkok, Thailand, using completed charts for 1061 girls aged 16 years or younger (study group) and 1100 women aged 20 to 29 years (reference group) delivered at that hospital between January 1, 2006, and December 31, 2010. Demographic data, maternal laboratory investigations, maternal complications, placental complications, medications administered in hospital, and neonatal outcomes were recorded. Results: Anemia (odds ratio [OR], 1.86; confidence interval [CI], 1.52-2.26); heart disease (OR, 0.38; CI 0.15-0.90), thyroid disorder (OR, 0.054; CI, 0.01-0.40), pulmonary disease (OR, 0.89; CI, 0.41-1.93); medical and obstetrics complications including gestational diabetes mellitus (OR, 0.04; CI, 0.01-0.29), placenta previa (OR 1.04, CI 0.06-16.60), preterm labor (OR, 1.98; CI, 1.55-2.53), as well as mean neonatal weight (2830.77 ± 81.31 g and 3038.53 ± 482.23 g; P = 0.001) were different in the 2 groups and the differences were statistically significant. Conclusion: Adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes were common in the study group. Extensive education about contraception and safe sex on the one hand, and an effective care plan if pregnancy occurs, should be provided to teenage girls to reduce these poor outcomes. © 2012 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Short-term neonatal outcome in diabetic versus non-diabetic pregnancies complicated by non-reassuring foetal heart rate tracings; Objective: Analysis of the impact of non-reassuring foetal heart rate patterns (FHR) and suspected foetal distress during active labour on the neonatal outcome in diabetic compared to non-diabetic mothers. Methods: Retrospective case-control study comparing the short-term neonatal outcome including Apgar score at 5min, and arterial/venous umbilical cord blood pH of 57 deliveries of women with different types of diabetes and 114 healthy controls. Patients were selected out of all deliveries with suspected foetal distress during active labour and performed foetal scalp pH samplings (n=590) at the Medical University of Graz, Austria, during 2008-2009. Results: Arterial pH was significantly lower in the diabetic group (7.215 versus 7.250, p=0.007). Apgar scores (>8) at 5min were similar in both groups (96.5% versus 95.6%, p=0.566). The percentage of cases with foetal scalp blood pH <7.25 was higher in the diabetes group, but did not reach statistical significance (14.1% versus 7.1%, p=0.166). Conclusions: Newborns of women with gestational and type 1 diabetes and non-reassuring FHR tracing have significantly lower arterial cord blood pH values without consequences on neonatal postpartum adaptation. Special attention to pathological changes in FHR patterns and to the more rapid decline in foetal pH during periods of foetal distress may be warranted in women with gestational and pre-conceptional diabetes during active labour. More frequent foetal scalp pH testing to rule out clinically relevant foetal acidosis needs to be discussed. © 2013 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved: reproduction in whole or part not permitted.
Cardiovascular disease risk in the offspring of diabetic women: The impact of the intrauterine environment; The incidence of gestational diabetes is increasing worldwide, exposing large numbers of infants to hyperglycaemia whilst in utero. This exposure may have a long-term negative impact on the cardiovascular health of the offspring. Novel methods to assess cardiovascular status in the neonatal period are now availableincluding measuring arterial intima-media thickness and retinal photography. These measures will allow researchers to assess the relative impact of intrauterine exposures, distinguishing these from genetic or postnatal environmental factors. Understanding the long-term impact of the intrauterine environment should allow the development of more effective health policy and interventions to decrease the future burden of cardiovascular disease. Initiating disease prevention aimed at the developing fetus during the antenatal period may optimise community health outcomes. © 2012 Laura J. Marco et al.
A case of infantile de novo primary antiphospholipid syndrome revealed by a neonatal arterial ischemic stroke; The few cases of antiphospholipid syndrome that have been reported in neonates are believed to have resulted from a transplacental transfer of antiphospholipid antibodies. Here we report on a boy with a neonatal stroke revealing a de novo primary antiphospholipid, the mother being free of antiphospholipid antibodies. Other thrombosis risk factors included primiparity, gestational diabetes, macrosomia, polyglobulia, and lipoprotein(a) >30 mg/dL. Anti-cardiolipin and anti-β2-glycoprotein I persisted more than 2 years. Under aspirin therapy, the child did not exhibit recurrence of thrombotic events or symptoms of autoimmunity after a follow-up of 3 years. Our case indicates that clinicians should consider a second retesting for anticardiolipin antibodies and anti-β2-glycoprotein I antibodies, even when children and mother neonatal tests are negative. © The Author(s) 2012.
Obesity in pregnancy: A big problem and getting bigger; Obesity has increased dramatically in the United States over the last several decades, with approximately 40% of women now considered overweight or obese. Obesity has been shown to be associated with poor pregnancy outcomes, including increased rates of cesarean delivery, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, fetal macrosomia, stillbirth, and postterm pregnancy. In this review, we discuss the association of obesity with maternal, fetal, and pregnancy outcomes as well as the recommendations for care of the obese gravida.Target Audience: Obstetricians and gynecologists and family physiciansLearning Objectives: After completing the CME activity, physicians should be better able to describe the maternal, neonatal, and intrapartum complications associated with obesity in pregnancy and implement additional changes to prenatal care appropriate for the obese gravida. Copyright © 2013 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Association between fetal overgrowth and metabolic parameters in cord blood of newborns of women with GDM; Aim. There is evidence that arthrosclerosis may originate at birth, so assessment of serum lipid levels in cord blood might be important. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between fetal overgrowth and metabolic parameters in cord blood of newborns of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to compare these parameters with those in newborns of non-diabetic. Methods.The study group included 112 women (singleton pregnancy, and GDM diagnosed following WHO criteria), and as controlled subjects, 159 matched healthy pregnant women and their newborn babies were selected. A sample of cord blood was obtained at delivery. The cord blood's insulin, glucose, and lipids (total cholesterol, high-density cholesterol, low-density cholesterol, and triglyceride) were determined. The relationships between these metabolic parameters and large for gestational age (LGA) were also assessed. Results. There were no significant differences between total cholesterol (TC), HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), triglyceride (TG) and glucose levels between two groups but the LDL-C level, LDL/HDL ratio and insulin level were significantly higher in newborns of mother with GDM. LGA newborns of diabetic mothers, show the HDL-C level were significantly lower and LDL-C level were significantly higher than AGA (Appropriate for Gestational Age). Conclusion. These results show that GDM altered neonatal plasma lipids metabolism and so newborns of diabetic mothers may be predisposed early in life to LDL hypercholesterolemia and thus may be at a greater risk of developing coronary heart disease later in life.
Cardiac function in offspring of women with diabetes using fetal ECG, umbilical cord blood pro-BNP, and neonatal interventricular septal thickness; Objective: Increased pro-brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) concentrations in newborns of diabetic women are associated with fetal stress, and fetal ECG changes often occur in labor in diabetic women. These findings could reflect a degree of fetal cardiomyopathy. We aimed to explore possible relations between serological and morphological markers of cardiac dysfunction and abnormal changes on fetal ECGs during labor and delivery in pregnancies complicated by diabetes. Materials and methods: Pregnant women with diabetes (30 type 1, nine type 2, and 60 gestational diabetes) and their newborn offspring were included prospectively. Umbilical cord blood pro-BNP concentrations were measured immediately after delivery (n= 68) and echocardiography was performed in the newborns (n =75). Fetal ECG in combination with cardiotocography, that is STAN technology was also performed during labor. Results: The concentration of umbilical cord blood pro-BNP was associated positively with the neonatal cardiac interventricular septal thickness (P =0.025) and associated negatively with umbilical cord blood pH levels (P = 0.036). Fetal ECG changes (STAN events) were recorded in 22 of 53 labors where STAN was used (42%). No correlation was observed between interventricular septal thickness and STAN events. Conclusion: Increased umbilical cord blood pro-BNP is associated with echocardiographic signs of cardiomyopathy and with lower umbilical cord blood pH. © 2013 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
[Short-term and long-term risks for children born from patients with gestational diabetes].; The risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women who had previously been diagnosed with gestational diabetes (GDM) is well established. A growing body of literature suggests that chronic disease has much of its origins in the fetal response to the intrauterine environment, a concept known as "fetal programming". Longitudinal studies have demonstrated that higher rates of obesity impaired glucose tolerance, hypertension, and dyslipidemia are evident in the offspring of diabetic women. Furthermore, distinct differences in regional populations, lack of routine screening and treatment of GDM worldwide, and long follow-up periods for offspring represent a challenge in assessing the risk for development of these abnormalities in the offspring of women who have had GDM.
Fetal malnutrition and long-term outcomes; Epidemiological studies have shown that lower birthweight is associated with a wide range of adverse outcomes in later life, including poorer 'human capital' (shorter stature, lower cognitive performance), increased risk factors for later disease (higher blood pressure and reduced glucose tolerance, and lung, kidney and immune function), clinical disease (diabetes, coronary heart disease, chronic lung and kidney disease), and increased all-cause and cardiovascular mortality. Higher birthweight is associated with an increased risk of cancer and (if caused by gestational diabetes) obesity and diabetes. The 'developmental origins of health and disease' hypothesis proposes that fetal nutrition has permanent effects on growth, structure and metabolism ('programming'). This is supported by studies in animals showing that maternal under- and overnutrition during pregnancy can produce similar abnormalities in the adult offspring. Common chronic diseases could potentially be prevented by achieving optimal fetal nutrition, and this could have additional benefits for survival and human capital. Recent follow-up of children born after randomized nutritional interventions in pregnancy provides weak evidence of beneficial effects on growth, vascular function, lipid concentrations, glucose tolerance and insulin resistance. Animal studies indicate that epigenetic phenomena may be an important mechanism underlying programming, and that nutritional interventions may need to start preconceptionally. Copyright © 2013 Nestec Ltd., Vevey/S. Karger AG, Basel.
Cardiac malformations in fetuses of gestational and pre gestational diabetic mothers; Objective: In this study we aimed to determine the prevalence of cardiac malformations in fetuses of Iranian diabetic mothers with pre-gestational and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to find the patterns of different cardiac malformations. Methods: One-hundred and seventy diabetic pregnant women (68 preGDM and 102 GDM) (mean age: 32.17±4.8 years) and 85 healthy controls (mean age: 31.35±4.55 years) were recruited from September 2008 to July 2012. Fetal echocardiography was performed to assess cardiac malformation. In order to study major factors that may affect the results, a complete history was obtained. Findings: Fetal echocardiography was performed at mean gestational age of 24.7±5.4 and 20.27±3.9 weeks in diabetic patients and control group, respectively. Fifteen (8.8%) fetuses of diabetic mothers were detected to have cardiac malformations compared with 1 (1.17%) fetus in control group (OR: 8.13, 95%CI: 1.1-62.61, P-value=0.02). Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy noted as the most common cardiac malformation occurred in 6 out of 15 (40%) fetuses, and was found significantly more common in pre-GDM compared to GDM group (7.4% vs 1%, P-value =0.04). Despite the higher incidence of cardiac malformation in pre-GDM compared to GDM group, the difference was not significant. Further, no significant association was observed between the variables including; parity, diabetic regimen, parents' consanguinity, maternal history of hypertension or hypothyroidism and occurring cardiac malformations (P-value >0.05). Conclusion: In this study we detected cardiac malformations in 8.8% of our diabetic referrals. The result of the present study shows that screening diabetic mothers for fetal cardiac malformations could be beneficial. © 2013 by Pediatrics Center of Excellence, Children's Medical Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, All rights reserved.
Accelerometry-measured physical activity and inflammation after gestational diabetes; PURPOSE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse metabolic outcomes after delivery. Physical activity practice improves the inflammatory profile; however, whether this association exists in women with prior GDM remains unknown. Our objective was to examine the cardiometabolic and inflammatory risk factors associated with accelerometer-based measures of physical activity in women with prior GDM. METHODS: Ninety-six women who had GDM between 2003 and 2010 were tested 2.9 ± 2.2 yr after delivery. The physical activity practice was measured with ActiGraph GT3X (ActiGraph™, Pensacola, FL) accelerometers worn ≥5 d, and the time spent weekly in moderate to vigorous physical activity (MVPA) was derived. The waist circumference was measured and the inflammatory marker or cytokine concentrations were measured in fasting plasma by the xMAP technology using the Bio-Plex 200 system. The lipid profile was also measured from fasting blood samples. RESULTS: Only 31% of women accumulated at least 150 min of MVPA per week. No association was observed between the MVPA practice and any of the metabolic measurements in the whole group of women. The MVPA did not differ in groups stratified by waist circumference <88 or ≥88 cm. In women with waist circumference <88 cm, the MVPA was negatively correlated with circulating concentrations of C-reactive protein (r = -0.51, P = 0.006), leptin (r = -0.40, P = 0.008), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (r = -0.32, P = 0.04), and triglycerides (r = -0.44, P = 0.003). No association was seen with plasma interleukin-6; tumor necrosis factor-α; and total, LDL, or HDL cholesterol concentrations. CONCLUSION: These analyses suggest that in the years after delivery, longer time spent in MVPA practice is associated with a lower cardiometabolic risk only in women with prior GDM who do not have abdominal obesity. Copyright © 2013 by the American College of Sports Medicine.
An association between gestational diabetes mellitus and long-term maternal cardiovascular morbidity; Objective To investigate whether a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for subsequent long-term cardiovascular morbidity. Design A population-based study. Setting Soroka University Medical Center, a tertiary centre in the southern region of Israel. Patients A cohort of women with and without a diagnosis of GDM who delivered during the years 1988-1999 with a follow-up period until 2010. Interventions A comparison of the incidence of cardiovascular morbidity. Results Of 47 909 deliveries that met the inclusion criteria, 4928 (10.3%) occurred in patients who were diagnosed with GDM. During a follow-up period of more than 10 years, compared with women who gave birth at the same time period, after adjustment for age and ethnicity, patients with GDM had higher rates of cardiovascular morbidity including non-invasive cardiac diagnostic procedures (OR=1.8; 95% CI 1.4 to 2.2), simple cardiovascular events (OR=2.7; 95% CI 2.4 to 3.1) and total cardiovascular hospitalisations (OR=2.3; 95% CI 2.0 to 2.5). In a Cox proportional hazards model, adjusted for comorbidities such as pre-eclampsia and obesity, GDM was independently associated with cardiovascular hospitalisations (adjusted HR 2.6, 95% CI 2.3 to 3). Conclusions GDM is an independent risk factor for long-term cardiovascular morbidity in a follow-up period of more than a decade.
Dietary fibre intake among different groups of patients: As compared to recommendations; Dietary fibre provides many health benefits, including reducing risk of the development of coronary heart disease, diabetes, hypertension, obesity, stroke and some gastrointestinal disorders. The purpose of this study was to analyse the intake of dietary fibre among different groups of patients and to compare it to the recommended value. The study population consists of 1056 ambulatory patients provided by dieticians from Department of Dietetics from Warsaw University of Life Sciences. Very low intake of dietary fibre was found among haemodialysis patients (13.1±5.3), and those with celiac disease (16.0±5.2), and with dyspepsia (18.5±6.7). Unexpectedly high intake of dietary fibre was observed in patients suffering from chronic pancreatitis (24.6±8.1). Diet of pregnant women with gestational diabetes contained on average 20 g of dietary fibre per day and 16 g/1000 kcal. Education of the general population as well as individual counselling for patients concerning dietary fibre is necessary to realize an adequate intake of this macronutrient.
Circadian variation of blood pressure is impaired in normotensive pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Data about circadian blood pressure (BP) in normotensive patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are lacking. Thus, we sought to compare dipper and nondipper circadian variation of BP profile between normotensive women complicated with GDM and normal pregnant women. Forty-two women with GDM and 33 normal uncomplicated pregnant women who met the entry criteria for the study were enrolled in the study. Twenty-four-hour noninvasive ambulatory blood pressure monitoring and echocardiography to measure the left ventricle mass index and diastolic parameters were performed. Nocturnal blood pressure dipping was calculated as follows: (awake BP-sleep BP) × 100/awake BP. Patients with a nocturnal reduction in average daytime systolic BP and diastolic BP of less than 10% were classified as nondippers. Left ventricle mass index was higher in normotensive pregnant women with GDM group than in normal pregnant subjects (101.98 ± 24 g/m2 vs. 90.67 ± 15 g/m 2, P < .018). Significant nocturnal systolic and diastolic nondippings were observed in GDM groups compared with normal subjects. From diastolic variables, the mitral E velocity and isovolumetric relaxation time were compatible with diastolic dysfunction relaxation abnormalities (P = .003 and P = .015, respectively) in nondipper group. From all confounding factors, only E velocity (P = .002) and diagnosis of GDM (P < .001) were predictive of nondipper circadian variation. This study shows that (i) circadian BP is impaired in normotensive pregnant subjects with GDM, (ii) the left ventricle mass index is higher in pregnant subjects with GDM than in normal pregnant subjects who despite a 24-hour BP are within normal limits, and (iii) in nocturnal nondipper group, the tendency to having diastolic relaxation abnormalities is noted. © 2013 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc.
Relations between perinatal outcomes and gestational diabetes; Objectives. The aim of the study is to compare the outcomes of infants born to diabetic mothers with those born to non-diabetic mothers, to analyze the effects of gestational diabetes early diagnosis upon avoiding complications, to establish a relation between maternal glycaemia values and perinatal distress. Methods. We conducted an observational research on 52 diabetic and 216 non-diabetic mothers and their infants during 2011- 2012. Results. In the present study, 7.69% of the infants born to diabetic mothers were low-weight and 28.85% macrosomic compared to 6.81% and 19.44% respectively in the non-diabetic mothers group. About 15.38% of diabetic mothers delivered prematurely compared to 10.18% non-diabetic women. Only 88.46% of the infants born by diabetic mothers had Apgar score 8 to 10 compared to 90.74% of the infants born by non-diabetic mothers. Conclusions. Gestational diabetes represents a risk for perinatal complications (premature delivery, macrosomic or low-weight fetus, low Apgar score) that may lead to adverse outcomes for both mother and child. The severity of these complications depends of mothers' previous health status and constant glycemic control during pregnancy.
Effect of maternal chronic disease on obstetric complications in twin pregnancies in a United States cohort; Objective: To evaluate the effect of maternal chronic disease on obstetric complications among twin pregnancies. Design: Multicenter, retrospective, observational study. Setting: Clinical centers (19 hospitals). Patient(s): Twin pregnancies (n = 4,821) delivered ≥23 weeks of gestation and classified by maternal chronic disease (either none or any of the following: asthma, depression, hypertension, diabetes, and heart, thyroid, gastrointestinal or renal disease). Intervention(s): None. Main Outcome Measure(s): Gestational age at delivery, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, placenta previa, hemorrhage, chorioamnionitis, maternal postpartum fever, premature rupture of membranes, labor onset (spontaneous vs. nonspontaneous), route of delivery, and maternal admission to intensive care unit. Result(s): Women with chronic disease delivered earlier (mean gestational length, 34.1 vs. 34.6 weeks) and were less likely to have term birth (risk ratio 0.80; 95% confidence interval 0.70-0.90). Cesarean delivery after spontaneous labor (risk ratio 1.20; 95% confidence interval 1.05-1.37) was also increased with chronic disease. No statistically significant effects were observed for other complications studied. Women who used assisted reproductive technology were more likely to hemorrhage, independent of chronic disease, but other findings were generally similar to the non-assisted reproductive technology sample. Conclusion(s): Chronic disease was associated with additional risk of earlier delivery and cesarean section after spontaneous labor in a nationwide sample of US twin pregnancies. Copyright © 2013 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Physical exercise during pregnancy: A systematic review; Purpose of review: This review aims to provide an update on the recent evidence concerning exercise during pregnancy including effects for mother and fetus and the types, frequency, intensity, duration and rate of progression of exercise performed. Recent findings: Exercises during pregnancy are associated with higher cardiorespiratory fitness, prevention of urinary incontinence and low back pain, reduced symptoms of depression, gestational weight gain control, and for cases of gestational diabetes, reduced number of women who required insulin. There is no association with reduction in birth weight or preterm birth rate. The type of exercise shows no difference on results, and its intensity should be mild or moderate for previous sedentary women and moderate to high for active women. The exercise recommendations still are based on the current guidelines on moderate-intensity, low-impact, aerobic exercise at least three times a week. Yet, new guidelines propose increasing weekly physical-activity expenditure while incorporating vigorous exercise and adding light strength training to the exercise routine of healthy pregnant women. In the case of other chronic diseases like hypertension, there are still few data, and therefore more studies should be performed to assess the safety of the intervention. Summary: Physical exercise is beneficial for women during pregnancy and also in the postpartum period; it is not associated with risks for the newborn and can lead to changes in lifestyle that imply long-term benefits. © 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
2D-DIGE to identify proteins associated with gestational diabetes in omental adipose tissue; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for the type 2 diabetes epidemic in many populations. Maternal adipose tissue plays a central role in the pathophysiology of GDM. Thus, the aim of this study was to determine the effect of GDM on the proteome of adipose tissue. Omental adipose tissue was obtained at the time of term Caesarean section from women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) or GDM. 2D-difference gel electrophoresis (DIGE), followed by mass spectrometry, was used to identify protein spots (n=6 patients per group). Western blotting was used for confirmation of six of the spot differences (n=6 patients per group). We found 14 proteins that were differentially expressed between NGT and GDM adipose tissue (≥1.4-fold, P<0.05). GDM was associated with an up-regulation of four proteins: collagen alpha-2(VI) chain (CO6A2 (COL6A2)), fibrinogen beta chain (FIBB (FGB)), lumican (LUM) and S100A9. On the other hand, a total of ten proteins were found to be down-regulated in adipose tissue from GDM women. These were alpha-1-antitrypsin (AIAT (SERPINA1)), annexin A5 (ANXA5), fatty acid-binding protein, adipocyte (FABP4), glutathione S-transferase P (GSTP (GSTP1)), heat-shock protein beta-1 (HSP27 (HSPB1)), lactate dehydrogenase B chain (LDHB), perilipin-1 (PLIN1), peroxiredoxin-6 (PRX6 (PRDX6)), selenium-binding protein 1 (SBP1) and vinculin (VINC (VCL)). In conclusion, proteomic analysis of omental fat reveals differential expression of several proteins in GDM patients and NGT pregnant women. This study revealed differences in expression of proteins that are involved in inflammation, lipid and glucose metabolism and oxidative stress and added further evidence to support the role of visceral adiposity in the pathogenesis of GDM. © 2013 Society for Endocrinology Printed in Great Britain.
Hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia: Experience in a series of 17 cases; Objective: Hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia (HIH) is a genetically heterogeneous disorder with both familial and sporadic variants. Patients with HIH may present during the neonatal period, infancy, or childhood and may show transient, prolonged, and persistent features. In this study, we aimed to discuss our experience with HIH patients, based on a series of 17 patients. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the clinical and laboratory characteristics at the time of diagnosis and during treatment and evaluated the neurodevelopmental outcomes during follow-up in 17 HIH patients, who presented or were referred to the Pediatric Endocrinology Clinic of Dr. Sami Ulus Training and Research Children's Hospital between 1998 and 2011. The patients (7 male, 10 female) were aged between the first day of life and 7 years - 10 were in their first week of life, 6 in their infancy, and 1 in childhood. Results: None of the mothers had gestational diabetes. Hypoglycemic seizure (76.5%) was the most common presenting symptom. Medical treatment failed in two patients, and was stopped in eight patients. Of two diazoxide-unresponsive patients, one underwent near-total pancreatectomy, but hypoglycaemic episodes continued after surgery. The parents of other patient refused surgery, the medical treatment was continued, nevertheless, severe motor and mental retardation developed. At follow-up, 23.5% of the patients were found to have mild or moderate psychomotor retardation, and 23.5% developed epilepsy. There was no marked difference in neurological results between cases with onset in the neonatal period or in infancy. Conclusions: Clinical course and treatment response in HIH cases are very heterogeneous. Long-term careful monitoring is needed to detect and treat the complications. © Journal of Clinical Research in Pediatric Endocrinology, Published by Galenos Publishing.
Pregnancy Complications and Later Development of Hypertension; Pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia and diabetes affect approximately 5 to 10 % of all pregnancies and compromise maternal and fetal health during gestation. Complications during pregnancy may also contribute to the development of hypertension and future cardiovascular risk in the mother. Moreover, fetal exposure to hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy can program hypertension and cardiovascular disease in the offspring. Transgenerational transmission of programmed cardiovascular risk highlights the importance of understanding the mechanisms that link complications during pregnancy with later hypertension in her offspring and subsequent generations. However, experimental studies are needed to investigate the cause and effect of increased blood pressure in the mother following a complicated pregnancy and provide insight into the development of preventative measures that may improve the long-term cardiovascular health of women and their offspring. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Early postnatal life as a critical time window for determination of long-term metabolic health; Epidemiological studies demonstrated a clear phenomenological association between low birth weight and increased cardiometabolic risk later in life, very similar to that in high birth weight subjects. Pre- and/or neonatal overfeeding appears to be an etiological clue. In animal studies, irrespective of birth weight neonatal over-nutrition leads to later overweight, impaired glucose tolerance and cardiometabolic alterations. Probably, perinatally acquired alterations of DNA methylation patterns of gene promoters of central nervous regulators of body weight and metabolism play a key role in mediating these relationships. In humans, the long-term impact of neonatal nutrition is conclusively demonstrated by studies on the consequences of breastfeeding vs. formula-feeding. Taken together, the quantity and quality of nutrition during neonatal life plays a critical role, beyond prenatal development, in the long-term programming of health and disease. This opens a variety of opportunities and challenges to primarily prevent chronic diseases, e.g. the metabolic syndrome. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Aorta structural alterations in term neonates: The role of birth and maternal characteristics; Aim. To evaluate the influence of selected maternal and neonatal characteristics on aorta walls in term, appropriately grown-for-gestational age newborns. Methods. Age, parity, previous abortions, weight, height, body mass index before and after delivery, smoking, and history of hypertension, of diabetes, of cardiovascular diseases, and of dyslipidemia were all assessed in seventy mothers. They delivered 34 males and 36 females healthy term newborns who underwent ultrasound evaluation of the anteroposterior infrarenal abdominal aorta diameter (APAO), biochemical profile (glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, HDL and LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, fibrinogen, and D-dimers homeostasis model assessment [HOMAindex), and biometric parameters. Results. APAO was related to newborn length (r = + 0.36; P = 0.001), head circumference (r = + 0.37; P = 0.001), gestational age (r = + 0.40, P = 0.0005), HOMA index (r = + 0.24; P = 0.04), and D-dimers (r = + 0.33, P = 0.004). Smoke influenced APAO values (odds ratio: 1.80; confidence interval 95%: 1.05-3.30), as well as diabetes during pregnancy (r = + 0.42, P = 0.0002). Maternal height influenced neonatal APAO (r = + 0.47, P = 0.00003). Multiple regression analysis outlined neonatal D-dimers as still significantly related to neonatal APAO values. Conclusions. Many maternal and neonatal characteristics could influence aorta structures. Neonatal D-dimers are independently related to APAO. © 2013 Marco Matteo Ciccone et al.
Interconception Care for Women With Prior Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; The diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) signals greater pregnancy risk but also increased lifelong risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In women with GDM, insulin resistance exceeds that observed in normal pregnancy and to varying degrees may persist or worsen after birth. Therefore, during postpartum and interconception periods, women with a history of GDM must be monitored for manifestations of increasing insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and increased adiposity. Care of women with prior GDM in the postpartum and interconception periods affords clinicians a unique opportunity for targeted screening and health promotion. The objective of this review was to synthesize evidence related to interconception care for women following a pregnancy complicated by GDM and to suggest principles of care: 1) case finding and multiple patient/clinician reminders for women with prior GDM are necessary so that screening occurs in the postpartum through interconception periods; 2) monitoring of metabolic (glucose) and cardiovascular risk (lipids, blood pressure, adiposity) should occur at regular intervals and more often in women with additional risk factors such as insulin use during pregnancy, early diagnosis of GDM, obesity, prediabetes, and dyslipidemia; 3) breastfeeding and use of long-term contraception should be encouraged; and 4) lifestyle modifications that are effective in preventing and delaying disease should be encouraged. © 2013 by the American College of Nurse-Midwives.
Epigenetics of gestational diabetes mellitus and offspring health: The time for action is in early stages of life; The epidemic increase of type 2 diabetes and obesity in developed countries cannot be explained by overnutrition, physical inactivity and/or genetic factors alone. Epidemiologic evidence suggests that an adverse intrauterine environment, in particular a shortage or excess of nutrients is associated with increased risks for many complex diseases later in life. An impressive example for the 'fetal origins of adult disease' is gestational diabetes mellitus which usually presents in 1% to > 10% of third trimester pregnancies. Intrauterine hyperglycemia is not only associated with increased perinatal morbidity and mortality, but also with increased lifelong risks of the exposed offspring for obesity, metabolic, cardiovascular and malignant diseases. Accumulating evidence suggests that fetal overnutrition (and similarly undernutrition) lead to persistent epigenetic changes in developmentally important genes, influencing neuroendocrine functions, energy homeostasis and metabolism. The concept of fetal programming has important implications for reproductive medicine. Because during early development the epigenome is much more vulnerable to environmental cues than later in life, avoiding adverse environmental factors in the periconceptional and intrauterine period may be much more important for the prevention of adult disease than any (i.e. dietetic) measures in infants and adults. A successful pregnancy should not primarily be defined by the outcome at birth but also by the health status in later life. ©The Author 2013. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology.
The impact of recurrent gestational diabetes on maternal metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors; Objective: The development of overt diabetes in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (priorGDM) has been linked to several risk factors including age, obesity and insulin therapy during pregnancy; the role of recurrent GDM as a further risk factor remains unclear. As studies examining detailed metabolic consequences of recurrent GDM are missing and the role of recurrent GDM on cardiovascular risk is unknown, our aim was to investigate the impact of recurrent GDM (within 5 years after an index pregnancy) on metabolic and cardiovascular parameters. Methods: Oral and intravenous glucose tolerance tests as well as assessment of cardiovascular risk factors were performed at baseline (6 months after index pregnancy) and 5 years thereafter in 21 prior GDM with recurrent GDM (recGDM), 41 prior GDM with no additional pregnancy (nonrecGDM) and 10 healthy controls [CON]. Results: Despite weight gain in recGDM (2·3 ± 5·1 vs. -1·3 ± 6·7 kg, P < 0·04), glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity and secretion did not differ compared with nonrecGDM at baseline and follow-up. Furthermore, recGDM did not exhibit increased cardiovascular risk factors. Metabolic deterioration in (19% of) the total priorGDM group was associated with decreased insulin sensitivity (OGIS:367·4 ± 89·6 vs. 436·4 ± 75·5 mL/min*m2, P = 0·01), hyperinsulinaemia (TIS:37·9 ± 9·7 vs. 28·0 ± 10·2 nM, P < 0·006) and postchallenge hyperglycaemia at 5 years postpartum. Conclusions: Recurrence of gestational diabetes was not associated with deterioration of glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity and secretion nor with increased cardiovascular risk. Consequently, priorGDM should not be recommended to refrain from subsequent pregnancies, but be encouraged to regain and maintain normal body weight after delivery and regularly undergo OGTTs to early detect metabolic deterioration. © 2012 Stichting European Society for Clinical Investigation Journal Foundation.
Placental three-dimensional power Doppler indices in mid-pregnancy and late pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives: The aim of our study was to evaluate placental three-dimensional power Doppler indices in diabetic pregnancies in the second and third trimesters and to compare them with those of the normal controls. Methods: Placental vascularization of pregnant women was determined by three-dimensional power Doppler ultrasound technique. The calculated indices included vascularization index (VI), flow index (FI), and vascularization flow index (VFI). Uncomplicated pregnancies (n=113) were compared with pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (n=56) and diabetes mellitus (n=43). Results: The three-dimensional power Doppler indices were not significantly different between the two diabetic subgroups. All the indices in diabetic patients were significantly reduced compared with those in non-diabetic individuals (p<0.001). Placental three-dimensional power Doppler indices are slightly diminished throughout diabetic pregnancy [regression coefficients: -0.23 (FI), -0.06 (VI), and -0.04 (VFI)] and normal pregnancy [regression coefficients: -0.13 (FI), -0.20 (VI), and -0.11 (VFI)]. The uteroplacental circulation (umbilical and uterine artery) was not correlated significantly to the three-dimensional power Doppler indices. If all placental indices are low during late pregnancy, then the odds of the diabetes are significantly high (adjusted odds ratio: 1.10). Conclusions: A decreased placental vascularization could be an adjunct sonographic marker in the diagnosis of diabetic pregnancy in mid-gestation and late gestation. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Iron status, oxidative stress and gestational diabetes; The increased insulin resistance (IR) in the world is an issue of concern for public health due to the associated risks of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, cancers and more recently increased risk of cognitive decline. During pregnancy, IR is a physiological phenomenon which, when not managed, can become pathological then called gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The role of oxidative stress in the pathophysiology of GDM and diabetes is well documented. Studies have shown an increase in oxidative markers with the decreased antioxidant defenses. During the last decade, a controversy rose concerning excess iron due to its prooxidant role and associated diabetes risk. In fact, several observational studies have reported an increased risk of IR in case of high iron status; the relationship is also described in the increased risk of GDM. Iron supplementation based only on low ferritin value without anemia leads too often to preventive supplementation, which is not without GDM risk. Consequently the adaptation of iron dose based on ferritin level in early pregnancy should be reevaluated in terms of risk/benefit and iron supplementation should be offered in cases of documented anemia only. © 2013 - Elsevier Masson SAS - Tous droits réservés.
Pregnancy complications and metabolic disease in women with clomiphene citrate-resistant anovulation randomized to receive laparoscopic electrocautery of the ovaries or ovulation induction with gonadotropins: A 10-year follow-up; Objective To assess long-term effects of laparoscopic electrocautery of the ovaries compared with ovulation induction with gonadotropins in women with clomiphene citrate (CC)-resistant polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) on the incidence of pregnancy complications like gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, and metabolic or cardiovascular disease. Design Long-term follow-up study. Setting Twenty-eight hospitals within the Netherlands. Patient(s) One hundred sixty-eight CC-resistant women who had participated in a randomized controlled trial between 1998 and 2001 comparing electrocautery and gonadotropins. Intervention(s) Postal questionnaire, search in medical files. Main Outcome Measure(s) Pregnancy complications, metabolic or cardiovascular disease. Result(s) Eighty-two percent of follow-up data were obtained. Thirteen of 68 women (19%) allocated to electrocautery, and 14 of 63 women (22%) allocated to gonadotropins had evidence for pregnancy complications (relative risk 0.86; 95% confidence interval 0.43-1.7). At follow-up, 12 of 69 (17%) women allocated to electrocautery, and 13 of 69 (19%) women allocated to gonadotropins had evidence for metabolic or cardiovascular disease (relative risk 0.90; 95% confidence interval 0.39-2.1). The risk of these was modified by body mass index (BMI), but not by female age or treatment allocation. This study is based on questionnaires and data from medical files. In the absence of routine screening, under-reporting in our follow-up study is likely. Conclusion(s) Electrocautery in women with CC-resistant PCOS does not affect pregnancy complications or metabolic or cardiovascular disease later in life compared with ovulation induction with gonadotropins. © 2014 by American Society for Reproductive Medicine.
Angina in women: Epidemiology, prognosis and diagnosis; Angina with normal coronary arteries/no obstructive coronary artery disease is a -debilitating condition that affects more women than men. Overall, 50-80 % of women evaluated for chest pain have non-obstructive disease by cardiac catheterization and the total number of women impacted is unknown. Contrary to prior beliefs about the benign nature of angina with normal coronary arteries/no obstructive coronary artery disease, the prognosis is not benign, and there is considerably morbidity. The heterogeneous etiologies, gender differences in pain perception, concomitant pain and co-morbidities make this condition difficult to study and manage but recently new knowledge has emerged. When treating this condition it is recommended that these patients should be handled with great concern. The responsible doctor must initiate optimal diagnostic investigations as well as intensive recommendations of lifestyle changes and aggressive treatment of risk factors including the ones related to sex hormones like premature menopause, polycystic ovarian syndrome, pre-eclampsia or eclampsia, gestational diabetes or gestational hypertension. © Springer-Verlag London 2013. All rights are reserved.
Postpartum care for Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus across urban, rural and remote locations: A protocol for a cohort linkage study; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing, along with obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2DM), with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander (Aboriginala) women in Australia particularly affected. GDM causes serious complications in pregnancy, birth, and the longer term, for women and their infants. Women with GDM have an eightfold risk of developing T2DM after pregnancy, compared to women without GDM. Indigenous women have an even higher risk, at a younger age, and progress more quickly from GDM to T2DM, compared to non-Indigenous women. If left undetected and untreated, T2DM increases risks in subsequent pregnancies, and can lead to heart disease, stroke, kidney failure, limb amputations and blindness for the woman in the longer term. A GDM diagnosis offers a 'window of opportunity' to provide acceptable and effective prevention, treatment, and postpartum care. Low rates of postpartum T2DM screening are reported among non-Aboriginal women in Australia and Indigenous women in other countries, however, data for Aboriginal women in Australia are scarce. A healthy diet, exercise and breastfeeding can delay the onset of T2DM, and together with T2DM screening are recommended elements of postpartum care for women with GDM. This paper describes methods for a study evaluating postpartum care among Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal women with GDM. Methods/Design This retrospective cohort includes all women who gave birth at Cairns Hospital in far north Queensland, Australia, from 2004 to 2010, coded as having GDM in the Cairns Hospital Clinical Coding system. Data is being linked with the Midwives Perinatal Data Collection, and the three local laboratories. Hospital medical records are being reviewed to validate accuracy of GDM case ascertainment, and gather information on breastfeeding and provision of dietary advice. Survival analysis is being used to estimate time to screening, and rates of progression from GDM to T2DM. Logistic regression is being used to compare postpartum care between Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal women, and assess factors that may be associated with provision of postpartum care. Discussion There are challenges to collecting postpartum data for women with GDM, however, this research is urgently needed to ensure adequate postpartum care is provided for women with GDM. © 2013 Chamberlain et al.
Adipokines and metabolic syndrome risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been recognized as a significant risk factor for metabolic syndrome and CVD. The aim of the study was to evaluate the relationships between levels of cytokines, components of metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular risk markers in women with previous gestational diabetes. Methods: Women (n=41) with gestational diabetes background (cases) and 21 healthy women (controls) in the postpartum period were enrolled. Demographic and clinical data, lipid and carbohydrate metabolism and uric acid and adipokine levels (TNF-α, IL-6, leptin and adiponectin) were compared and their relationships analysed. Metabolic syndrome prevalence was calculated by WHO and NCEP-ATPIII definitions. Results: There were significant differences between cases and controls: body mass index (kg/m2) 27.4±5.6 vs 23.9±3.6 (p=0.013), waist circumference (cm) 85.2±12.9 vs 77.5±9.0 (p=0.017), metabolic syndrome (WHO definition) 14.6% vs 0% (p=0.012), metabolic syndrome (NCEP-ATPIII definition) 22% vs 0% (p=0.002), low HDL 36.6% vs 9.5% (p=0.024), fasting glucose (mmol/L) 5.4±0.6 vs 4.9±0.2 (p<0.001), glucose 120′ oral glucose tolerance test (mmol/L) 5.8±1.7vs 4.7±0.8 (p=0.007), fasting insulin (μU/mL) 13.4±8.1 vs 8.4±4.3 (p=0.004), HOMA index 3.3±2.3 vs 1.8±1.0 (p=0.002), HbA1c (%) 5.4±0.2 vs 5.2±0.2 (p=0.021), uric acid (mg/dL) 4.1±1 vs 3.5±0.6 (p=0.009), leptin (ng/mL) 32025.5±19917.3 vs 20258.9±16359.9 (p=0.023), respectively. Conclusions: Women with previous gestational diabetes have central adiposity, atherogenic lipid profile, carbohydrate intolerance and adverse adipokine profile, all of which are risk factors for the future development of metabolic disease and CVD. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Predicting Women's Future Cardiovascular Health from Pregnancy Complications; The first reports on the association between pregnancy history and later life cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in women appeared more than a decade ago. Preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, diabetes; and adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as preterm birth, having a small-for gestational age infant, a spontaneous abortion or a stillbirth have subsequently been linked to an increased maternal CVD-risk. Since 2011, the American Heart Association recommends taking a pregnancy history as part of cardiovascular risk assessment and recommends the referral of women with previous pregnancy complications for cardiovascular risk monitoring. It is, however, not yet firmly established if the pregnancy risk factors add to the cardiovascular risk assessment above and beyond traditional CVD-risk factors and if they act through other mechanistic pathways than those measured by classical cardiovascular risk factors. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Generalized postpartum seizures and posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome; An 18-year-old primigravida was admitted to hospital at 41 weeks of gestation. She had gestational diabetes and hereditary thrombophilia. Delivery of the baby was by emergency C-section because of fetal bradycardia. The patient experienced postpartum spontaneous, general seizures. Computed tomography imaging showed no sign of intracerebral hemorrhage or sinus thrombosis. Posterior reversible leukoencephalopathy syndrome was diagnosed, which is often seen in patients with preeclampsia or eclampsia. Our patient, however, showed no other symptoms of preeclampsia or gestosis. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Pregnancy characteristics and women's future cardiovascular health: An underused opportunity to improve women's health?; Growing evidence indicates that women with a history of common pregnancy complications, including fetal growth restriction and preterm delivery (often combined as low birth weight), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes, are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease later in life the purpose of this paper was to review the associations of parity and these 4 pregnancy complications with cardiovascular morbidity and mortality; to review the role of cardiovascular risk factors before, during, and after pregnancy complications in explaining these associations; and to explore the implications of this emerging science for new research and policy. We systematically searched for relevant cohort and case-control studies in Medline through December 2012 and used citation searches for already published reviews to identify new studies the findings of this review suggest consistent and often strong associations of pregnancy complications with latent and future cardiovascular disease. Many pregnancy complications appear to be preceded by subclinical vascular and metabolic dysfunction, suggesting that the complications may be useful markers of latent high-risk cardiovascular trajectories. With further replication research, these findings would support the utility of these prevalent pregnancy complications in identifying high-risk women for screening, prevention, and treatment of cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of morbidity and mortality among women. © 2013 The Author.
Gestational diabetes mellitus impairs nrf2-mediated adaptive antioxidant defenses and redox signaling in fetal endothelial cells in utero; In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in later life, yet the underlying mechanisms remain to be elucidated. We examined the effects of GDM on the proteome, redox status, and nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2)-mediated antioxidant gene expression in human fetal endothelial cells. Proteomic analysis revealed that proteins involved in redox homeostasis were significantly altered in GDM and associated with increased mitochondrial superoxide generation, protein oxidation, DNA damage, and diminished glutathione (GSH) synthesis. In GDM cells, the lipid peroxidation product 4-hydroxynonenal (HNE) failed to induce nuclear Nrf2 accumulation and mRNA and/or protein expression of Nrf2 and its target genes NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1), Bach1, cystine/glutamate transporter, and glutamate cysteine ligase. Although methylation of CpG islands in Nrf2 or NQO1 promoters was unaltered by GDM, decreased DJ-1 and increased phosphorylated glycogen synthase kinase 3b levels may account for impaired Nrf2 signaling. HNE-induced increases in GSH and NQO1 levels were abrogated by Nrf2 small interfering RNA in normal cells, and overexpression of Nrf2 in GDM cells partially restored NQO1 induction. Dysregulation of Nrf2 in fetal endothelium may contribute to the increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in offspring. © 2013 by the American Diabetes Association.
Pregnancy Complications and the Risk of Metabolic Syndrome for the Offspring; Metabolic syndrome is a growing problem globally, and is a contributor to non-communicable diseases such as type II diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The risk of developing specific components of the metabolic syndrome such as obesity, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, and elevated fasting blood sugar has been largely attributed to environmental stressors including poor nutrition, lack of exercise, and smoking. However, large epidemiologic cohorts and experimental animal models support the "developmental origins of adult disease" hypothesis, which posits that a significant portion of the risk for adult metabolic conditions is determined by exposures occurring in the perinatal period. Maternal obesity and the rate of complications during pregnancy such as preterm birth, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes continue to rise. As our ability to reduce perinatal morbidity and mortality improves the long-term metabolic consequences remain uncertain, pointing to the need for further research in this area. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Outcomes in offspring of maternal diabetes; Incidence of gestational diabetes is increasing worldwide, which is a great global health concern. In utero exposure to increasing maternal blood concentrations is associated with early perinatal consequences, increased risk for diabetes and obesity during childhood, and cardiovascular diseases at adulthood. These adverse effects during early life have led to the concept of developmental programming. The critical window of development is the best opportunity for intervention and prevention, but also a way to consider the preconceptional period. Obstetricians and pediatricians have an increased concern about these vulnerable infants. This review aimed at emphasizes the short-and long term outcomes of children in offspring of maternal diabetes. © 2012 Elsevier Masson SAS.
Type 2 diabetes in East Asians: Similarities and differences with populations in Europe and the United States; There is an epidemic of diabetes in Asia. Type 2 diabetes develops in East Asian patients at a lower mean body mass index (BMI) compared with those of European descent. At any given BMI, East Asians have a greater amount of body fat and a tendency to visceral adiposity. In Asian patients, diabetes develops at a younger age and is characterized by early β cell dysfunction in the setting of insulin resistance, with many requiring early insulin treatment. The increasing proportion of young-onset and childhood type 2 diabetes is posing a particular threat, with these patients being at increased risk of developing diabetic complications. East Asian patients with type 2 diabetes have a higher risk of developing renal complications than Europeans and, with regard to cardiovascular complications, a predisposition for developing strokes. In addition to cardiovascular-renal disease, cancer is emerging as the other main cause of mortality. While more research is needed to explain these interethnic differences, urgent and concerted actions are needed to raise awareness, facilitate early diagnosis, and encourage preventive strategies to combat these growing disease burdens. © 2013 New York Academy of Sciences.
Vitamin D and gestational diabetes mellitus; The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing worldwide. GDM can be responsible for an important proportion of adverse fetal and maternal outcomes during pregnancy, and it is associated with long-term health deterioration for both mother and child. Therefore, it is important to identify potentially modifiable risk factors for GDM. Accumulating evidence links vitamin D deficiency with abnormal glucose metabolism, and epidemiological studies have shown that women who develop GDM are more likely to be vitamin D deficient. This review discusses the prevalence, risk factors, and outcomes of GDM and vitamin D deficiency in pregnant women, outlines the possible mechanism of action of vitamin D in glucose homeostasis, and summarizes emerging evidence that associates vitamin D deficiency with the risk of developing GDM. This critical review of the literature indicates there is a need for intervention trials to test the possible beneficial effect of vitamin D supplementation in pregnant women with low vitamin D status to reduce the risk of developing GDM. © 2013 International Life Sciences Institute.
Maternal morbidity and risk of death at delivery hospitalization; OBJECTIVE:: To examine the effect of underlying maternal morbidities on the odds of maternal death during delivery hospitalization. METHODS:: We used data that linked birth certificates to hospital discharge diagnoses from singleton live births at 22 weeks of gestation or later during 1995-2003 in New York City. Maternal morbidities examined included prepregnancy weight more than 114 kilograms (250 pounds), chronic hypertension, pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus, chronic cardiovascular disease, pulmonary hypertension, chronic lung disease, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), and preeclampsia or eclampsia. Associations with maternal mortality were estimated using multivariate logistic regression. RESULTS:: During the specified time period, 1,084,862 live singleton births and 132 maternal deaths occurred. Patients with increasing maternal age, non-Hispanic black ethnicity, self-pay or Medicaid, primary cesarean delivery, and premature delivery had higher rates of maternal mortality during delivery hospitalization. From the entire study population, 4.1% had preeclampsia or eclampsia (n=44,004), 1.8% had chronic hypertension (n=19,647), 1.1% of patients were classified as obese (n=11,936), 0.7% had pregestational diabetes (n=7,474), 0.4% had HIV (n=4,665), and 0.01% had pulmonary hypertension (n=166). Preeclampsia or eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [OR], 8.1; 95% confidence interval [CI], 5.5-12.1), chronic hypertension (adjusted OR, 7.7; 95% CI 4.7-12.5), underlying maternal obesity (adjusted OR, 2.9; 95% CI 1.1-8.1), pregestational diabetes (adjusted OR, 3.3; 95% CI 1.3-8.1), HIV (adjusted OR, 7.7; 95% CI 3.4-17.8), and pulmonary hypertension (adjusted OR, 65.1; 95% CI 15.8-269.3) were associated with an increased risk of death during the delivery hospitalization. CONCLUSION:: The presence of maternal disease significantly increases the odds of maternal mortality at the time of delivery hospitalization. © 2013 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Adaptations of placental and cord blood ABCA1 DNA methylation profile to maternal metabolic status; In utero environmental perturbations have been associated with epigenetic changes in the offspring and a lifelong susceptibility to cardiovascular diseases (CVD). DNA methylation at the ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 (ABCA1) gene was previously associated with CVD, but whether these epigenetic marks respond to changes in the maternal environment is unknown. This study was undertaken to assess the associations between the maternal metabolic profile and ABCA1 DNA methylation levels in placenta and cord blood. Placenta and cord blood samples were obtained at delivery from 100 women including 26 with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) diagnosed following a 75 g-oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) between week 24 and 28 of gestation. ABCA1 DNA methylation and mRNA levels were measured using bisulfite pyrosequencing and quantitative real-time PCR, respectively. We report that ABCA1 DNA methylation levels on the maternal side of the placenta are correlated with maternal high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels (r < -0.21; P < 0.04) and glucose levels 2 h post-OGTT (r = 0.25; P = 0.02). On the fetal side of the placenta, ABCA1 DNA methylation levels are associated with cord blood triglyceride levels (r = -0.28; P = 0.01). ABCA1 DNA methylation variability on both sides of the placenta are also associated with ABCA1 mRNA levels (r < -0.35; P = 0.05). As opposed to placenta, cord blood DNA methylation levels are negatively correlated with maternal glucose 2 h post-OGTT (r = -0.26; P = 0.02). In conclusion, the epivariations observed in placenta and cord blood likely contribute to an optimal materno-fetal cholesterol transfer. These in utero epigenetics adaptations may also potentially trigger the long-term susceptibility of the newborn to dyslipidemia and CVD. © 2013 Landes Bioscience.
Importance of engaging obstetrician/gynecologists in cardiovascular disease prevention; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To review recent evidence regarding traditional and sex-specific factors identified among women during their reproductive years and their importance in lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). RECENT FINDINGS: Longitudinal studies demonstrated a woman's burden of risk during her reproductive years is associated with future risk of CVD. Similarly, women with a healthy lifestyle are relatively protected and have the lowest lifetime risk. Some primary prevention strategies, when implemented during this age window, were cost-effective. The link between pregnancy outcome and future CVD risk is now better understood, and evidence now relates pregnancy-associated hypertension and diabetes, as well as a preterm delivery or a low birth weight delivery, to excess risk. Gaps in preventive healthcare for women in this age group included low rates of treatment initiation for hypertension and failure to follow guidelines for diabetes surveillance among women with a history of gestational diabetes. Knowledge gaps for standard CVD prevention, as well as the link between pregnancy complications and future CVD risk, were identified among both primary care providers and obstetrician/gynecologists. SUMMARY: Traditional and sex-specific risk factors for CVD present during women's reproductive years. Engaging the obstetrician/gynecologist provides a strategy to enhance prevention. Copyright © 2013 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Pre-pregnancy overweight overtakes Gestational diabetes as a risk factor for subsequent metabolic syndrome; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of subsequent diabetes and metabolic syndrome (MS). The independent significance of overweight, often associated with GDM, is controversial. This study was aimed to investigate the prevalence of MS and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) values in normal and overweight women with previous insulin-treated GDM and control without GDM 19 years after the index pregnancy. Methods: The study group consisted of 61 women with prior GDM and 55 controls who gave birth in Oulu University Hospital between 1988 and 1993. These women were further divided into subgroups according to pre-pregnancy BMI (<25 or ≥25 kg/m2). In 2008-2010, anthropometrics and blood pressure were measured, blood samples were taken, and an oral glucose tolerance test was performed to investigate the components of MS. CIMT was measured by Doppler ultrasound. Results: Total prevalence of MS was 62% in the GDM group and 31% in the control group (P = 0.001); it was highest (86%) in GDM women with pre-pregnancy overweight. CIMT was significantly thicker (0.67 vs 0.56 mm, P = 0.007) and more often abnormal (71.7 vs 45.3%, P = 0.004) in the GDM group compared with the controls. In logistic regression analysis, the strongest factor predicting MS in the whole study population was pre-pregnancy overweight. Conclusions: Pre-pregnancy overweight was the strongest predictive factor for later MS, whereas GDM indicated increased risk of subsequent diabetes and subclinical atherosclerosis. The risk of MS was highest when both of these factors were present. © 2013 European Society of Endocrinology.
Increased carotid artery intima-media thickness in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Pregnant women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus are at increased risk of progressive carotid artery disorders. The current study evaluated carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) in pregnant women with gestational diabetes at two time points of mid-term and full-term pregnancy to determine whether gestational diabetes mellitus causes increased IMT. Methods: This cross-sectional study carried out at Afzalipour Hospital (Kerman, Iran) between 2009 and 2010, recruited 50 women who were at high risk of gestational diabetes during pregnancy and had an oral glucose challenge test (OGCT) as screening for gestational diabetes. B-mode ultrasound scans were performed at baseline and at two time points of midterm pregnancy (20 to 24 weeks) and full-term pregnancy (36 to 38 weeks) on all the participants. The mean IMT of common carotids and internal carotid arteries from two walls (near and far walls) at four different angles was assessed. Results: An overall comparison between the impaired OGCT test group and the control group revealed significant differences in carotid IMT in the mid-term (0.65 ± 0.07 vs. 0.59 ± 0.06 mm; p value = 0.002) and full-term (0.65 ± 0.05 vs. 0.59 ± 0.04 mm; p value < 0.001) pregnancy; however, the trend of the changes in carotid IMT during mid to full-term pregnancy was insignificant in each group (p value > 0.05). Conclusion: Carotid IMT was significantly higher in the women with gestational diabetes than that in the normoglycemic group in different trimesters. This finding denotes that atherosclerosis might start years before the diagnosis of gestational diabetes in vulnerable women.
Steroids and insulin resistance in pregnancy; Metabolism of glucose during pregnancy reflects the equilibrium between lactogenic hormones stimulating insulin production and counterregulatory hormones inducing insulin resistance. In physiological pregnancies, insulin-mediated glucose uptake is substantially decreased and insulin secretion increased to maintain euglycemia. This common state of peripheral insulin resistance arises also due to steroid spectra changes. In this review article, we have focused on the role of steroid hormones (androgens, estrogens, gestagens, mineralocorticoids, glucocorticoids, as well as secosteroid vitamin D) in the impairment of glucose tolerance in pregnancy and in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Pregnancy and Steroids'. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
Metabolic disorders in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, Tehran lipid and glucose study; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy that is associated with fetal and maternal adverse outcomes. These women are at higher risk for development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and metabolic and cardiovascular disease. Various results have been presented on the long term consequences of GDM. We aimed to compare the incidence of these metabolic disorders between women with previous GDM and those without any history of GDM. Materials and Methods: Three groups of non-diabetic women, aged 15-45 y who participated in first phase of Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS) were selected; 1) women with previous GDM, 2) women with previous still birth or macrosomia and without any history of GDM, and 3) normal age-BMI matched controls. They were followed for an average of 9 years, for developing of type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension and dislipidemia. Results: Cumulative incidence of T2DM in the GDM group was 3-fold higher than the control. Incidence rates of T2DM were not significantly different between women in MC-ST group and their controls; however the serum concentrations of FBS were significantly different between these two groups. There was no significant difference in the cumulative incidence of hypertension and dislipidemia between the case and control groups. Conclusion: Women with previous GDM are at an increased risk of developing T2DM later in life. It seems that GDM screening in pregnancy could identify women at risk of metabolic disease.
Adding strength training, exercise intensity, and caloric expenditure to exercise guidelines in pregnancy; Several versions of exercise guidelines for pregnancy have been published, the latest 9 years ago. These guidelines recommend 30 minutes or more of moderate exercise on most if not all days of the week for pregnant women in the absence of medical or obstetric complications. However, moderate-intensity exercise was not defined. In addition, the specific weekly energy expenditure of physical activity was not suggested. Recent research has determined that, compared with less vigorous activities, exercise intensity that reaches at least 60% of the heart rate reserve during pregnancy while gradually increasing physical-activity energy expenditure reduces the risk of gestational diabetes. To achieve the minimum expenditure of 16 metabolic equivalent task-h/wk, one could walk at 2 miles/h for 6.4 h/wk (2.5 metabolic equivalent task-hours, light intensity) or, preferably, exercise on a stationary bicycle for 2.7 h/wk (6 to 7 metabolic equivalent task-hours, vigorous intensity). To achieve the target expenditure of 28 metabolic equivalent task-hours per week, one could walk at 2.0 miles/h for 11.2 h/wk (2.5 metabolic equivalent task-hours, light intensity) or, preferably, exercise on a stationary bicycle for 4.7 h/wk (6 to 7 metabolic equivalent task-hours, vigorous intensity). The more vigorous the exercise, the less total exercise time is required. Light muscle strengthening performed during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy has minimal effect on newborn body size and overall health. On the basis of this and other information, updated recommendations for exercise in pregnancy are suggested. © 2011 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Long-term health outcomes in children born to mothers with diabetes: A population-based cohort study; Background: To examine whether prenatal exposure to parental type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, or gestational diabetes is associated with an increased risk of malignant neoplasm or diseases of the circulatory system in the offspring. Methods/Principal Findings: We conducted a population-based cohort study of 1,781,576 singletons born in Denmark from 1977 to 2008. Children were followed for up to 30 years from the day of birth until the onset of the outcomes under study, death, emigration, or December 31, 2009, whichever came first. We used Cox proportional hazards model to estimate hazard ratios (HR) with 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) for the outcomes under study while adjusting for potential confounders. An increased risk of malignant neoplasm was found in children prenatally exposed to maternal type 2 diabetes (HR = 2.2, 95%CI: 1.5-3.2). An increased risk of diseases of the circulatory system was found in children exposed to maternal type 1 diabetes (HR = 2.2, 95%CI: 1.6-3.0), type 2 diabetes (HR = 1.4, 95%CI: 1.1-1.7), and gestational diabetes (HR = 1.3, 95%CI: 1.1-1.6), but results were attenuated after excluding children with congenital malformations. An increased risk of diseases of the circulatory system was also found in children exposed to paternal type 2 diabetes (HR = 1.5, 95%CI: 1.1-2.2) and the elevated risk remained after excluding children with congenital malformations. Conclusions: This study suggests that susceptibility to malignant neoplasm is modified partly by fetal programming. Diseases of the circulatory system may be modified by genetic factors, other time-stable family factors, or fetal programming. © 2012 Wu et al.
Predictors of emergency department and outpatient visits for hypoglycemia in type 2 diabetes: An analysis of a large US administrative claims database; Background: Although hypoglycemia is a well-recognized complication of type 1 diabetes and insulin treatment in type 2 diabetes, less research exists on hypoglycemia in the large number of patients with type 2 diabetes who are treated with oral antidiabetic agents. Objective: To identify predictors of hypoglycemia-related emergency department (ED) and outpatient visits in patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: We used the 2004-2008 MarketScan database to conduct a nested case-controlanalysis. Cohort members were 18 years of age or older with type 2 diabetes and taking an oral antidiabetic agent at cohort entry. We required 12 months or more of continuous enrollment in a noncapitated plan and excluded persons with type 1 or gestational diabetes. Within the cohort, we selected 11,375 cases (first outpatient hypoglycemic event) and 68,247 controls using 6:1 incidence density sampling. A conditional logistic regression model estimated the adjusted odds ratios (AORs) and corresponding 95% confidence intervals of predictors. Results: Cases were more likely than controls to have diabetic complications and other comorbidity, and to be using the most antidiabetic or other medications. The presence of individual micro- and macrovascular complications of diabetes increased the relative rate of hypoglycemia. With no antidiabetic drug therapy as the referent (within 30 days preceding the index date), insulin monotherapy (AOR 1.76; 95% CI 1.50 to 2.05) and insulin in combination with other oral antidiabetic agents (AOR 1.80; 95% CI 1.65 to 1.97) had the highest relative rates of hypoglycemia. Metformin monotherapy (AOR 0.65; 95% CI 0.61 to 0.70), thiazolidinedione monotherapy (AOR 0.71; 95% CI 0.63 to 0.79), and dipeptidyl peptidase- 4 inhibitor monotherapy (AOR 0.63; 95% CI 0.45 to 0.89) had decreased relative rates of hypoglycemia. Monotherapy with sulfonylureas, other injectable agents, meglitinides or a-glucosidase inhibitors was not predictive. Conclusions: Medications should be prescribed carefully for patients at high risk of hypoglycemia, particularly those with diabetes complications or those taking insulin alone or in combination. Additional studies are needed to carefully examine the nature of the association between diabetes-related complications and hypoglycemic episodes.
The impacts of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on fetal hearts; Objective: To evaluate the fetal cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pregnancies under different maternal glycemic controls. Methods: Forty four GDM mothers received 78 fetal echocardiographic evaluations at three gestational periods (<28, 28-34 and ≥34 weeks) and were divided into poorly-(DM1) and well-(DM2) controlled groups according to their glycemic control at examination. Seventy uncomplicated mothers were selected as controls. Parameters of fetal cardiac anatomy and function were measured and analyzed. Results: GDM fetuses' cardiac ventricular walls were thicker than controls', and the differences between DM1 and DM2 were not significant except for end-diastolic left ventricular walls. In both GDM groups, the aortic flow velocities increased earlier than pulmonary artery and DM1 fetuses changed earlier than DM2 ones. GDM fetuses' left atrial shortening fraction was smaller than the controls' in the period of ≥34 weeks and negatively correlated with thicknesses of left ventricular walls and interventricular septum in DM1 fetuses (r=-0.438 and -0.506). The right ventricular diastolic function in DM1 and DM2 fetuses decreased after the period of 28-34 weeks and in the period of ≥34 weeks respectively. Tei index of both left and right ventricles increased in DM1 group after the period of <28 weeks and in DM2 group only in the period of ≥34 weeks, with no significant differences between DM1 and DM2 groups in this period. Conclusion: Fetuses of GDM mothers showed cardiac function impairments. Good maternal glycemic control may delay the impairments, but cannot reduce the degree. Some cardiac changes in GDM fetuses were similar to those in pregestational diabetic pregnancies except for several parameters and their changing time. © 2012 The Editorial Board of Biomedical and Environmental Sciences.
The postpartum cardiovascular risk factor profile of women with isolated hyperglycemia at 1-hour on the oral glucose tolerance test in pregnancy; Background and aims: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an enhanced cardiovascular risk factor profile at 3-months postpartum and an elevated risk of future cardiovascular disease, as compared to their peers. Recently, it has emerged that even mild dysglycemia on antepartum oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) predicts an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease, although it is not known whether there exists an identifiable high-risk subgroup within this patient population. Since gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) due to isolated hyperglycemia at 1-h during the OGTT (1-h GIGT) bears metabolic similarity to GDM, we hypothesized that, like GDM, 1-h GIGT may predict a high-risk postpartum cardiovascular phenotype. Methods and results: In this prospective cohort study, 485 women underwent antepartum OGTT, followed by cardiovascular risk factor assessment at 3-months postpartum. The antepartum OGTT identified 4 gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 137); 1-h GIGT (n = 39); GIGT at 2- or 3-h (2/3-h GIGT)(n = 50); and normal glucose tolerance (NGT)(n = 259). After adjustment for age, ethnicity, breastfeeding and waist circumference, mean levels of the following cardiovascular risk factors progressively increased from NGT to 2/3-h GIGT to 1-h GIGT to GDM: LDL cholesterol (p = 0.0026); total cholesterol:HDL (p = 0.0030); apolipoprotein B (p = 0.004); apolipoprotein B:apolipoprotein A1 (p = 0.026); leptin (p = 0.018); and C-reactive protein (p = 0.011). Conclusions: Amongst women without GDM, 1-h GIGT predicts an enhanced postpartum cardiovascular risk factor profile. It thus emerges, that amongst young women with mild dysglycemia in pregnancy, those with 1-h GIGT may comprise an unrecognized patient population at risk for future cardiovascular disease. © 2011 Elsevier B.V.
Risk factors for atherosclerosis in women; Atherosclerosis manifests quite often (50 % of men and 60 % of women) as sudden cardiac death in persons with no previous signs of coronary disease. Based on current knowledge, much of atherosclerotic vascular events might be avoided. Therefore, high-risk individuals are to be indentified and treated. Currently recommended diagnostic and therapeutic procedures are, however, mostly based on the results of studies on the male population. However, in the general population, in women the prevalence and mortality of/from cardiovascular diseases and mainly strokes is in absolute numbers greater than in men. Smoking and diabetes mellitus and associated combined dyslipidemia (high level of triglycerides and lower protective HDL cholesterol) appear to be more aggressive cardiovascular risk factor in women. Unique cardiovascular risk factors in women are sex hormones and their changes; however, the use of synthetic hormones in the prevention of cardiovascular events in women brought largely negative results. Other specific risk factors in women are: preeclampsia, hypertension in pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus. Currently, in women greater emphasis should be placed on smoking cessation, adequate physical activity and on optimizing the lipid spectrum, including triglycerides and HDL cholesterol.
Gestational diabetes: Implications for cardiovascular health; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pregnancy complication that is becoming more prevalent with recent population trends in obesity and advancing maternal age. A diagnosis of GDM not only increases risk for maternal and fetal complications during pregnancy, but also significantly increases a woman's risk of both type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the postpartum. Even women with milder forms of abnormal glucose homeostasis during pregnancy, specifically gestational impaired glucose tolerance, are at increased risk, justifying the recent recommendation to tighten the diagnostic criteria for GDM, thus implicating many more women. Risk factors that increase risk for future CVD among women with a history of GDM include postpartum progression to T2DM; metabolic syndrome; obesity; hypertension; and altered levels of circulating inflammatory markers, specifically, adiponectin, C-reactive protein, and tumor necrosis factor-α. Medical therapies such as metformin that prevent progression to T2DM may prove to be our primary defense against earlier CVD among women with GDM. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Evaluation of the future atherosclerotic heart disease with oxidative stress and carotid artery intima media thickness in gestational diabetes mellitus; Background and objective. In this study our aim was to evaluate paraoxonase (PON1) activity and free sulfhydryl groups (SH) as antioxidative parameters and lipid hydroperoxide (LOOH) as oxidative parameter in the serum of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and determine their relation with the degree of subclinical atherosclerosis. Material and methods. Serum samples from 39 pregnant women complicated with GDM and 40 healthy pregnant women were collected for the analysis of oxidative markers. Common carotid artery intima media thickness (CIMT) was measured for both groups to assess future atherosclerotic heart disease risk. PON1 activity and SH were measured spectrophotometrically. LOOH levels were measured by ferrous oxidation with a xylenol orange assay. Results. CIMT and LOOH levels were significantly higher (p=0.01, p < 0.001, respectively) in GDM group compared to controls, whereas PON1 and SH levels were significantly lower (p < 0.001 for both). CIMT values were significantly correlated with body mass index (BMI), 50 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and mean arterial blood pressure (MABP) (p=0.003, p=0.02, and p=0.03, respectively). However, there was no correlation between CIMT and oxidative markers. Conclusions. Increased levels of LOOH and decreased levels of PON1 and SH showed disturbance of antioxidative mechanisms in GDM. These changes were associated with increased BMI and MABP which may be relevant to GDM pathophysiology. Furthermore, increased CIMT values in GDM compared to healthy controls designate increased risk of future atherosclerotic heart disease. © 2012 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc.
Long–term consequences of maternal obesity and gestational weight gain for of spring obesity and cardiovascular risk: Intrauterine or shared familial mechanisms?; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a leading cause of death in low-, middle-, and high-income countries, accounting for a quarter of deaths globally in 2001 [1]. Until recently most of our knowledge concerning etiological risk factors for CVD focused on adulthood. Indeed, there is good evidence that major adult risk factors such as smoking, diet, physical activity, hypertension, and obesity explain much of the variation in geographical and secular trends of CVD incidence and it has been suggested that there is no need to investigate further [2]. However, it has also been known for decades that the pathophysiological process of atherosclerosis begins in childhood and young adulthood [3,4]. Obesity and other cardiovascular risk factors such as hyperlipidemia, high blood pressure, and insulin resistance are present in childhood and track into adulthood [5–8], and a growing body of evidence has consistently shown associations of obesity in childhood and adolescence with mortality and cardiovascular morbidity later in life [9]. The adverse consequences of childhood obesity are not limited to the cardiovascular system, indeed it can affect almost every organ system and has other serious complications such as diabetes, fatty liver, asthma, and may have psychosocial complications as well [10]. In both the USA and in England approximately one in five women of reproductive age is now obese [11,12]. This increasing prevalence of overweight and obesity among women of childbearing age is a growing concern, since, as reviewed in Chapters 5, 8, and 16, obesity in pregnancy is associated with increased risk of most pregnancy complications, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), delivery of a large for gestational age baby, and congenital defects [13]. The prevalence of childhood overweight and obesity has also increased worldwide in recent decades, though with some possibility that this increase is now leveling [10]. © Cambridge University Press 2012.
Plasma thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor levels are not associated with glucose intolerance and subclinical atherosclerosis in women with previous gestational diabetes; We aimed to determine plasma thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor (TAFI) antigen levels in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to evaluate the possible association of plasma TAFI with glucose intolerance and markers of subclinical atherosclerosis. This cross-sectional study was performed in 111 women with previous GDM and 60 controls. Glucose intolerance was evaluated. Homeostasis model assessment score was calculated. Circulating lipids, interleukin-6, matrix metalloproteinase-1, fibrinogen, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, and TAFI antigen levels were assayed. Carotid intima media thickness (IMT) was measured. Women with previous GDM had increased levels of atherosclerosis markers and carotid IMT. On the other hand, plasma TAFI antigen levels were similar (P =.395). Thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor was not associated with the indices of insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, markers of atherosclerosis, and carotid IMT. Our data demonstrated that plasma TAFI was not altered in women with previous GDM. TAFI was not associated with glucose intolerance and subclinical atherosclerosis. © SAGE Publications 2011.
Pregnancy in kidney transplant recipients: Effects on mother and newborn; Introduction: Pregnancy is currently considered yet another benefit of kidney transplantation, though doubts still exist concerning the effects of transplantation on the mother and the fetus. Materials and methods: We undertook a retrospective study analyzing 24 pregnancies in 20 kidney transplant recipients between 1986 and 2010. Evaluation was made of different variables related to renal function, both during the pregnancy and afterward, as well as other factors related to the birth and the status of the newborn. Results: The mean age of the kidney transplant recipients was 29 ± 5 years, and the mean time since transplantation was 4.5 years (range = 0.812). At the time of pregnancy, the glomerular filtration rate was 59 ± 15 mL/min. Twelve recipients had well-controlled hypertension; none had proteinuria. Renal function and proteinuria remained stable during the pregnancy. There was a significant increase in blood pressure at the end of the pregnancy. It was necessary to raise the dose of calcineurin inhibitor to maintain target levels. No acute rejection episode was observed. One patient had gestational diabetes and two showed preeclampsia. Pregnancy reached term in 20 cases; there were four miscarriages. Delivery was at 36.9 weeks (range = 3441) and the newborn weight, 2.7 kg (range = 1.53.6). One patient had a miscarriage at week 22 and succumbed due to a cardiac arrest during induction of the delivery. Eighteen babies were born healthy; two died. Conclusions: Pregnancy in kidney transplant recipients is safe if the renal function is adequate before the pregnancy without proteinuria but with a well-controlled blood pressure. In these cases, the maternal complications were similar to those among general population; we detected no increased risk of graft loss. © 2011 by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Associations of gestational diabetes, existing diabetes, and glycosuria with offspring obesity and cardiometabolic outcomes; OBJECTIVE - To assess associations of gestational diabetes, existing diabetes, and glycosuria with adiposity and cardiometabolic risk factors in offspring at adolescence. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Multivariable regression analyses were conducted in a prospective pregnancy cohort (n = 2,563-4,198 for different outcomes). Obstetric data were abstracted from clinical records. Offspring outcomes were assessed at mean age 15.5 years. Comparedwith those lost to follow-up, participants included in the analysis were of higher socioeconomic position. Outcomes included BMI, waist circumference, fat mass determined by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (sBP and dBP, respectively), fasting glucose, insulin, lipids, and C-reactive protein (CRP). RESULTS - Maternal existing diabetes, gestational diabetes, and glycosuria were associated with higher offspring BMI and fat mass (z scores); however, this effect was attenuated in the confounder-adjusted model, and the CIs included the null value. Existing diabetes and gestational diabeteswere associated with higher offspring fasting glucose levels (0.24mmol/L [95% CI 0.03-0.45] and 0.20 mmol/L [0.02-0.39], respectively). Glycosuria was associated with higher fasting insulin (adjusted ratio of geometric means 1.12 [1.01-1.25]), but there were no clear associations of existing or gestational diabetes with offspring fasting insulin. There was little evidence of an association of maternal diabetes or glycosuria with offspring dBP, sBP, lipids, or CRP. CONCLUSIONS - Maternal pregnancy glycosuria, gestational diabetes, and existing diabetes show some associations with higher offspring fasting glucose and insulin assessed in adolescence but are not clearly associated with a wider range of cardiometabolic risk factors. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association.
Nutrition during pregnancy and the effect of carbohydrates on the offspring's metabolic profile: In search of the "perfect maternal diet"; Fetal growth and development is primarily dependent upon the nutritional, hormonal and metabolic environment provided by the mother. A wartime famine study in Holland first showed that a low food intake reduces the glucose offered to the fetus and thus produces smaller size infants at birth. Maternal glucose regulation is however affected by numerous factors including physiological changes of pregnancy (e.g. insulin resistance [IR]), pathological conditions (e.g. gestational diabetes mellitus) and maternal nutrition. Maternal glucose is substantially influenced by the type of carbohydrates in the diet through its direct effect on glycemia. The rate at which each carbohydrate raises blood glucose levels after ingestion, can be measured via the dietary glycemic index (GI). Carbohydrate type and the GI of the diet enhance or inhibit abnormal hyperglycemia during pregnancy caused by either pathological conditions or the inability of the mother to cope with the physiological IR of pregnancy. In turn, maternal gestational hyperglycemia may be involved in the pathogenesis of IR, impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, the Metabolic Syndrome and subsequent cardiovascular diseases in adult offspring. A low GI maternal diet has been associated with measurable benefits to the offspring. These include a positive effect on altering maternal blood glucose production, insulinemia and reduced adiposity as well as fetal and placental insulin and glucose regulation, fetal growth, birth weight and offspring adiposity. We review the possible links between dietary carbohydrate in health during pregnancy and the effect of maternal carbohydrate ingestion on programming the offspring's metabolic profile. © Tzanetakou et al.
NHC-guideline preconception care; The Dutch College of General Practitioners (NHG) has developed a guideline on preconception care. The guideline covers risk assessment, medical interventions, education, and lifestyle recommendations concerning smoking, use of alcohol and drugs, and weight. The purpose of the guideline is to help general practitioners answer the questions couples may have when starting a family, so that they are fully informed about the importance of preconception health. The Netherlands has a high perinatal mortality rate compared with other European countries, and this can only partly be explained by the relatively high proportion of older mothers and multiple pregnancies. The main causes of perinatal death are preterm birth, low birth weight, and congenital disorders. Preconception care may lower the perinatal death rate, although there is currently no evidence to support this. Information should be obtained from prospective parents regarding medical history, obstetric history, use of medication, genetic factors, work circumstances, risk of infections, socioeconomic factors, lifestyle factors (smoking, use of alcohol and drugs), and weight. The guideline describes how these factors can influence pregnancy and how pregnancy can influence these factors. Blood tests are only recommended in the case of suspected diabetes or high risk of diabetes like body mass index higher than 30, Hindu descent, history of gestational diabetes (serum glucose), sexually transmitted diseases (test STD), rubella, varicella, parvovirus B19 (serology), Graves disease (antibody TSH receptor); use of anti-epileptic medication (serum folic acid); or high risk of haemoglobinopathies (carrier test). The guideline provides information about the management of diabetes mellitus, epilepsy, congenital heart disease, hypertension, thyroid disease, asthma, thrombosis, depression and anxiety disorders, and phenylketonuria before and during pregnancy. Prospective mothers are generally advised to take a folic acid supplement daily (at least 0.4 mg) from 4 weeks before attempting conception until 10 weeks after the last menstruation and to stop smoking. The general practitioner should warn prospective parents against using medications without the advice of a doctor who knows that the couple is trying to conceive. Measures to prevent listeriosis or toxoplasmosis are relevant once the woman has become pregnant. Lastly, the guideline provides information about nutrition, working conditions, travelling, vaccinations, age and the risk of adverse events, and how obstetric care is organized in the Netherlands.
[Sex- and gender-aspects in regard to clinical practice recommendations for pre-diabetes and diabetes].; Metabolic diseases dramatically affect life of men and women from infancy up to old age and are a major challenge for clinicians. Health professionals are confronted with different needs of women and men. This article aims at an increase of gender awareness and the implementation of current knowledge of gender medicine in daily clinical practice with regard to pre-diabetes and diabetes. Sex and gender affect screening and diagnosis of metabolic diseases as well as treatment strategies and outcome. Impaired glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution are related to steroid hormones and therefore impose their influence on cardiovascular health in both men and women. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors relate to development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at younger age and at lower BMI compared to women, but women feature a dramatic increase of their cardiometabolic risk after menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with higher increase of vascular death in women, but higher increase of cancer death in men. In women pre-diabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavourable changes of coagulation and blood pressure. Pre-diabetic and diabetic women are at much higher risk for vascular disease (3-6 times compared to non-diabetic women) than diabetic men (2-3 times compared to healthy males). Women are more often obese and less physically active, but may even have greater benefit from increased physical activity than males. Whereas men predominantly feature impaired fasting glucose, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or the presence of a PCOS or increased androgen levels in women, on the other hand the presence of erectile dysfunction (ED) or decreased testosterone levels in men are sex specific risk factors for diabetes development. ED is a common feature of obese men with the Metabolic Syndrome and an important predictor of cardiovascular disease. Several studies showed that diabetic women reach their targets of metabolic control (HbA1c), blood pressure and LDL-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons for worse treatment outcome in diabetic females are not clear. Furthermore, sex differences in action, pharmacokinetics, and side effects of pharmacological therapy have to be taken into account.
Small artery function 2 years postpartum in women with altered glycaemic distributions in their preceding pregnancy; GDM (gestational diabetes mellitus) is associated with later adverse cardiovascular risk. The present study examined the relationship between glycaemia during pregnancy and small artery function and structures approx. 2 years postpartum.Women were originally enrolled in the HAPO (Hyperglycaemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome) study from which they were classified by their glycaemic distribution during pregnancy as controls (in the lower half of the distribution), UQ (upper quartile; in the UQ of the glycaemic distribution) or having had overt GDM. Subcutaneous arteries from a gluteal fat biopsy taken at follow-up 2 years later were examined using wire myography. Small artery structure, stiffness and vasoconstrictor responses were similar across groups. Maximal endothelium-dependent dilation in response to carbachol was impaired in arteries from both GDM (43.3%, n=8 and P=0.01) and UQ (51.7%, n=13 and P=0.04) women despite generally 'normal' current glycaemia (controls, 72.7% and n=8). Inhibition of NOS (nitric oxide synthase) significantly reduced maximum endothelium-dependent dilation in controls but had no effect on arteries from UQ and GDM women, suggesting impaired NOS activity in these groups. Endothelium-independent dilation was unaffected in arteries from previous GDM and UQ women when compared with the control group. Multiple regression analysis suggested that BMI (body mass index) at biopsy was the most potent factor independently associated with small artery function, with no effect of current glycaemia. Overweight women with either GDM or marginally raised glycaemia during pregnancy (our UQ group) had normal vascular structure and stiffness, but clearly detectable progressively impaired endothelium-dependent function at 2 years followup. These results suggest that vascular pathology, which may still be reversible, is detectable very early in women at risk of decline into Type 2 diabetes mellitus. © The Authors Journal compilation. © 2012 Biochemical Society.
N-terminal-pro-brain natriuretic peptide is decreased in insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus: A prospective cohort trial; Background: N-terminal-pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) is elevated in gestational hypertension and preeclampsia. This trial aimed to generate data for gestational diabetes mellitus patients, who are at risk to develop these complications.Methods: We have measured NT-proBNP in 223 otherwise healthy women between gestational week 24 and 32 referred to the outpatient diabetes unit in a cross-sectional study.Results: 88 control subjects, 45 patients with indication for medical nutrition therapy (MNT) alone and 90 patients who required insulin therapy were included. Groups of women were comparable regarding gestational week. Body mass index before pregnancy and at blood draw was significantly higher in subjects with insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus compared to MNT controlled gestational diabetes mellitus. NT-proBNP was significantly lower in patients with insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus (35 ± 25 pg/ml) compared to controls (53 ± 43 pg/ml, p = 0.012).Conclusions: NT-proBNP is within the reference range of normal subjects in women with gestational diabetes mellitus. Differences in body mass index, changes in glomerular filtration rate and haemodynamics may explain lower NT-proBNP concentrations in insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus. A false negative interpretation needs to be considered in these women. © 2011 Andreas et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Early-life origins of type 2 diabetes: Fetal programming of the beta-cell mass; A substantial body of evidence suggests that an abnormal intrauterine milieu elicited by maternal metabolic disturbances as diverse as undernutrition, placental insufficiency, diabetes or obesity, may program susceptibility in the fetus to later develop chronic degenerative diseases, such as obesity, hypertension, cardiovascular diseases and diabetes. This paper examines the developmental programming of glucose intolerance/diabetes by disturbed intrauterine metabolic condition experimentally obtained in various rodent models of maternal protein restriction, caloric restriction, overnutrition or diabetes, with a focus on the alteration of the developing beta-cell mass. In most of the cases, whatever the type of initial maternal metabolic stress, the beta-cell adaptive growth which normally occurs during gestation, does not take place in the pregnant offspring and this results in the development of gestational diabetes. Therefore gestational diabetes turns to be the ultimate insult targeting the offspring beta-cell mass and propagates diabetes risk to the next generation again. The aetiology and the transmission of spontaneous diabetes as encountered in the GK/Par rat model of type 2 diabetes, are discussed in such a perspective. This review also discusses the non-genomic mechanisms involved in the installation of the programmed effect as well as in its intergenerational transmission. Copyright © 2011 Bernard Portha et al.
Exercise and prevention of obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus; Obesity and type 2 diabetes are increasing worldwide and generate high morbidity and mortality and affect the patient, family and the health system. Low levels of physical activity are contributing to the epidemic of obesity and type 2 diabetes in women of childbearing age. Most women are sedentary or stop exercising when they realize the pregnancy, which predisposes to the development of gestational diabetes and excessive weight gain during pregnancy. There is ample evidence that exercise during pregnancy is safe for mother and fetus and provides physiological, psychological, metabolic benefits, and improving physical capacity in a manner similar to the preconception period. Although not defined the exact exercise prescription during pregnancy, achieve currently recommended level of physical activity at least 16 MET H per week, or preferably 28 MET H per week, and increase the intensity of exercise over 60% of heart rate reserve to reduce the risk of obesity or gain excessive weight during pregnancy, gestational diabetes and perhaps hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Therefore, exercise may be an appropriate strategy to prevent these pathologies leading to morbidity and mortality maternal and fetal.
Cardiometabolic Risk, Knowledge, Risk Perception, and Self-Efficacy among American Indian Women with Previous Gestational Diabetes; Objective: To describe cardiometabolic risk among a sample of American Indian women with previous gestational diabetes and describe the women's knowledge, risk perception for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, and self-efficacy beliefs related to preventing these diseases. Design: Mixed methods, cross-sectional, exploratory, descriptive. Setting: Four campuses within one American Indian tribal health care system in a southwestern state. Participants: A purposeful sample of 22 self-identified American Indian women with a history of gestational diabetes. Methods: Qualitative interview data were subjected to content analysis, and descriptive statistics were used to analyze quantitative questionnaire data and biophysiologic data. Results: The majority of participants (13 of 21) were classified as having metabolic syndrome, and 13 of 18 women were found to be insulin resistant. In general, the women had high levels of knowledge related to type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease and high risk perception, but low self-efficacy related to preventing cardiometabolic disease. The overarching theme from the in-depth interviews, struggling to change lifestyle behaviors while doubting prevention is possible, encompassed four categories that provided further illumination into participants' risk perceptions and self-efficacy beliefs: concerns, control, beliefs/attitudes, and prevention. Conclusions: High levels of knowledge and risk perception do not necessarily promote increased self-efficacy to prevent cardiometabolic disease among American Indian women with previous gestational diabetes. Findings indicate the need to further explore women's self-efficacy beliefs in the context of American Indian culture prior to developing interventions aimed at increasing self-efficacy to prevent or delay type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Women with previous gestational diabetes are at increased risk for developing cardiovascular disease, independent of a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. © 2012 AWHONN, the Association of Women's Health, Obstetric and Neonatal Nurses.
Maternal obesity and pregnancy outcome; The increasing prevalence of maternal obesity worldwide provides a major challenge to obstetric practice from preconception to postpartum. Maternal obesity can result in unfavorable outcomes for the woman and fetus. Maternal risks during pregnancy include gestational diabetes and chronic hypertension leading to preeclampsia. The fetus is at risk for stillbirth and congenital anomalies. Intrapartum care, normal and operative deliveries, anesthetic and operative interventions in the obese demand extra care. Obesity in pregnancy can also affect health later in life for both mother and child. For women, these risks include heart disease and hypertension. Children have a risk of future obesity and heart disease. Women and their offspring are at increased risk for diabetes. Obstetrician-gynecologists should be well informed to prevent and treat this epidemic. Interventions directed at weight loss and prevention of excessive weight gain during pregnancy must begin in the preconception period.
Clinical manifestations of obstructive sleep apnoea in pregnancy: More than snoring and witnessed apnoeas; Sleep disordered breathing and its symptoms have been associated with a multitude of fetal and maternal complications including gestational hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes and possibly pre-term labour and other markers of alterations in fetal wellbeing. The disease remains underdiagnosed in the general population but likely also in pregnancy, mostly because providers do not appropriately screen for the disorder. Sleep disordered breathing may manifest differently in women, since women report more fatigue and less snoring than men do. This paper discusses typical presentations of sleep disordered breathing but also reports some less obvious presentations to help providers recognise those manifestations and screen for the disorder when warranted. Our case series describes patients with diagnoses such as chronic hypertension, pre-eclampsia, pulmonary hypertension, nocturnal asthma and panic attacks, who were diagnosed with sleep disordered breathing and offered treatment with CPAP during pregnancy. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd.
Characterization of fetal cardiac structure and function detected by echocardiography in women with normal pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives: To assess fetal cardiac structure and function in normal pregnancy and in the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using echocardiography measurements. Material and methods: We studied fetal cardiac structure and function in 169 uncomplicated singleton pregnancies and in 92 complicated by GDM. Maternal glycemic control was deemed adequate in 75 women and inadequate in 17. Fetal two-dimensional ultrasound, pulsed wave Doppler and tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) were used to assess cardiac walls thickness and cardiac function, both systolic [with ejection fraction (EF)] and diastolic [using early diastolic peak flow velocity (E)/late peak of diastolic velocity (A) and early diastolic peak velocity at the annulus (Ea)/late diastolic peak velocity at the annulus (Aa) ratios]. Results: In normal pregnancies, fetal ventricular walls and interventricular septum thickness increased progressively with advancing gestation and were significantly thicker in the presence of GDM (P < 0.001) independently of maternal glycemic control. Fetal cardiac systolic function indicated by EF did not change during normal pregnancy, but was significantly increased (P < 0.001) in the presence of GDM independently of maternal glycemic control. Both pulsed wave Doppler and TDI indicators of fetal diastolic cardiac function increased during normal pregnancy, reaching a maximum at 36 to 40 weeks of gestation (P < 0.001). The presence of GDM did not affect pulsed wave Doppler indicators of diastolic function [ratio of early/late diastolic peak flow velocity (E/A ratio)], whereas TDI indices [ratio of early/late diastolic peak velocity at the annulus (Ea/Aa ratio)] were significantly lower after adjustment for gestational age and estimated fetal weight (EFW); and such changes were independent of maternal diabetic control (P < 0.001). Conclusions: Fetal cardiac wall thickness, cardiac systolic and diastolic functions are affected by GDM independently of glycemic control. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Carotid intima media thickness, brachial flow mediated dilation and previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnancy condition with long-Term complications. We examined the association between inflammatory mediators and early atherosclerosis process by measuring the flow mediated dilatation (FMD) of brachial artery and carotid intima media thickness (CIMT) in women with previous GDM (pGDM). Material and Methods: Women with and without pGDM with an average of 4 years following the indexed pregnancy, participated in this study. Serum levels of IL-6, hs-CRP, adiponectin, homocystein and other biomedical parameters were measured. The existence of early atherogenesis process was evaluated by measuring CIMT and FMD. Results: HOMA-IR and insulin were significantly higher in women with pGDM. Women with pGDM had slightly higher CIMT and significantly lower percent of brachial FMD. FMD and CIMT, adjusted for age and blood pressure, showed the same pattern. FMD showed no correlation with biochemical or inflammatory markers. Conclusion: Follow-up of this group of women, who are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease, with FMD should be considered. © 2012 The Authors.
Pre-eclampsia following chemotherapy for breast cancer during pregnancy: Case report and review of the literature; Purpose There has been some discussion about the eVect of antineoplastic agents on the trophoblast, and whether this is associated with abnormal placental function such as an increased risk of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia. We discuss a possible causal relationship between chemotherapy for breast cancer during pregnancy and the development of pre-eclampsia based on the occurrence of both in a recent pregnancy. Methods We report the case of a 34-year-old gravida 4, para 1 with unilateral ductal invasive breast cancer, treated by surgery and subsequent chemotherapy during pregnancy. At 36 + 2 weeks of gestation a growth restricted male infant (1,680 g, <5th percentile) was born by urgent caesarean section because of acute pre-eclampsia, pathologic CTG and umbilical end-diastolic reverse Xow. This case is reported in detail, and literature and databases reviewed. Results So far there have been no reports suggesting an increased risk of pre-eclampsia following chemotherapy for breast cancer in pregnancy from the second trimester onwards, and the most probable is an accidental occurrence from pre-eclampsia and chemotherapy. Conclusions Whenever possible, pregnant patients with breast cancer should receive the same treatment as those who are not pregnant. Should chemotherapy for breast cancer be indicated in pregnancy from the second trimester onwards only, contraindications would be other risks for pre-eclampsia and intrauterine growth restriction, such as smoking and gestational diabetes. © 2012 Springer-Verlag.
Sex dimorphism in the relation between early adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in adolescents; Context: Birth weight and childhood adiposity are associated with subsequent cardiovascular risk. Objective: We investigated the associations between metabolic clusters in young adults with body fat distribution from early childhood, focusing on sex differences. Design, Setting, and Patients: A total of 1053 17 yr olds from an Australian birth cohort had measures of anthropometry, blood pressure, and fasting insulin, glucose, and lipids. Main Outcome Measures: Two-step cluster analysis identified 17 yr olds at high metabolic risk. The two risk groups were compared by sex with regard to birth weight and serial anthropometry, including skinfold thickness from nine time-points. Results: The "high-risk" metabolic cluster at age 17 yr included 16% of males and 19% of females. Compared to the "low-risk" group, the high-risk cluster participants had greater waist circumference, triglycerides, insulin, and systolic blood pressure and lower high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (all P <0.0001). There was a significant birth weight by sex interaction upon the metabolic cluster outcome (P = 0.011). Compared to their low-risk counterparts, females in the high-risk cluster at 17 yr were heavier from birth (odds ratio, 1.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.0, 3.2) (P = 0.034), with consistently higher body mass index and skinfold thickness thereafter. In contrast, there was no statistical difference in birth weight between high- and low-risk males (odds ratio, 0.62; 95% confidence interval, 0.38, 1.02). Conclusions: These data show sexual dimorphism in effects of early life body mass index and fat distribution upon cardiometabolic risk factors. Females in a contemporary population are particularly prone to increased risk when born heavier. This has implications for targeted prevention of obesity and metabolic diseases with increasing maternal obesity and gestational diabetes. Copyright © 2012 by The Endocrine Society.
Effects of maternal obesity on prenatal and postnatal development of fetus: Review; An increase in obesity among reproductive-age women and pregnant women has been observed in our country as well as the whole world. Maternal obesity is associated with serious short and long term complications of both mother and child. Therefore, in this review we aimed to revise previous papers which were investigated the effects of maternal obesity before or during pregnancy on prenatal or postnatal development of fetus. The negative effects of maternal obesity start even before conception. Obesity during prepregnancy is associated with higher prevalence of miscarriage, infertility and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Also, maternal obesity during pregnancy is related with gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, thromboembolic disorders and maternal death. Additionally, there are reports about negative influence of maternal obesity, emerged before or during pregnancy, on prenatal and postnatal development of fetus. Previous studies indicate that maternal obesity alters body composition of newborn thereby increasing risk of obesity during childhood or adulthood. Additionally it can cause some congenital anomalies on newborn and some diseases during postnatal life such as cardiovascular, metabolic and nervous system disorders. Consequently, further studies are needed to investigate the mechanisms playing part in negative effects of maternal obesity on prenatal, neonatal and postnatal development. This subject must be handled as a health policy to determine various treatment methods. Copyright © 2011 by Türkiye Klinikleri.
Acute Appendicitis and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes: A Nationwide Population-Based Study; Background/objective: Acute appendicitis is the most common non-obstetric surgical procedure in pregnant women. Using two large-scale nationwide population-based datasets, this study aimed to assess the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes between mothers with and without appendicitis in Taiwan. Methods: This study used two nationwide population-based datasets: the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Dataset and the Taiwan national birth certificate registry. This study included 908 women who had live singleton births and who had been hospitalized with a diagnosis of acute appendicitis, and another randomly selected 4,540 women as a comparison group. Conditional logistic regression analyses were performed to calculate the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes including low birth weight (LBW), preterm birth, small for gestational age (SGA), cesarean section (CS), congenital anomalies, Apgar scores at 5 min (<7), and pre-eclampsia/eclampsia. Results: The adjusted odds ratios for LBW, preterm birth, SGA, CS, and congenital anomalies in women with acute appendicitis were 1. 82 (95 % CI = 1. 43-2. 30), 1. 59 (95 % CI = 1. 25-2. 02), 1. 33 (95 % CI = 1. 12-1. 60), 1. 24 (95 % CI = 1. 07-1. 44), and 2. 07 (95 % CI = 1. 07-4. 03), respectively, compared with women without acute appendicitis after adjusting for highest maternal educational level, marital status, geographic region, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, coronary heart disease, anemia, hyperlipidemia, obesity, and alcohol abuse/alcohol dependence syndrome, infant sex and parity, and paternal age. Conclusions: There were increased risks for having LBW, preterm infants, SGA, congenital anomalies, and for experiencing CS among women with acute appendicitis than comparison women. © 2012 The Society for Surgery of the Alimentary Tract.
Gestational weight gain and postpartum weight retention: Relevant facts for obstetric care; Overweight and particularly obese women (BMI∈≥∈30 kg/m 2) are at risk for complications in pregnancy. One third of overweight and more than 50% of obese pregnant women gain more weight than generally recommended. Both increased prepregnancy BMI and excessive weight gain during pregnancy are crucial predictors of perinatal outcome (e.g. higher risk for childhood obesity and cardiovascular diseases). Apart from preconceptional weight loss, detailed information and determination of individual weight gain goals (IOM guidelines) as well as diet and exercise recommendations are of particular importance for obstetric care professionals. Overweight and obese women should be encouraged to breastfeed. Detailed advice should be offered regarding postpartum weight retention, lifestyle interventions and physical activity. © 2011 Springer-Verlag.
The association between serum asymmetric dimethyl arginine levels and a history of gestational diabetes among healthy women; In recent years, asymmetric dimethyl arginine (ADMA) has emerged as an early marker and/or mediator of endothelial dysfunction and it has been proved to be a novel, independent risk factor of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. Our aim in this study was to compare the ADMA concentrations among patients with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with controls. Thirty women with a history of GDM and 40 age-matched and BMI-matched healthy controls were enrolled in this study. ADMA concentrations, fasting blood glucose levels, 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) second hour plasma glucose levels, and insulin levels were compared between two groups. The fasting blood glucose levels were also significantly higher in patients with GDM history. Although second hour values of 75-g OGTT were higher in patients with GDM history, the difference between groups was not statistically significant. However, the insulin and homeostatic model assessment insulin resistance levels were statistically significantly higher in patients with a history of GDM. The concentrations of ADMA were found to be statistically higher in patients with a history of GDM (0.45 ± 0.11 vs. 0.31 ± 0.13 μmol/l, respectively; P = 0.01). This study shows that women who had a history of GDM are under risk for cardiovascular diseases, although they seem to be healthy and have normal blood biochemical levels, because of elevated serum ADMA levels. Clinicians should be aware of this increased cardiovascular disease risk among patients with a history of GDM. Copyright © 2012 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Perinatal programming in offspring of diabetic mothers: Clinical data; The epidemic of obesity and type 2 diabetes has a major impact on public health and underlines the urgency for identifi cation of risk groups to target preventive strategies. Studies of developmental origins of health and disease have highlighted the possible role of intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes in the pathogenesis of overweight, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Furthermore, diabetes in pregnancy may also affect cognitive function in the offspring. This review primarily includes human studies of long-term implications for the offspring of maternal diabetes during pregnancy - with special focus on recent studies performed in Copenhagen. We fi nd that fetuses exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia have a signifi cantly increased risk of development of type 2 diabetes/prediabetes, overweight, and the metabolic syndrome in childhood and adult life. Thus, based on literature and own studies, we conclude that women with gestational diabetes or type 1 diabetes during pregnancy should be informed about the excess risk of overweight, type 2 diabetes, and the metabolic syndrome in their offspring and that preventive strategies toward diabetes and cardiovascular disease are urgently needed in the next generation. © 2012 Walter de Gruyter GmbH & Co. KG, Berlin/Boston.
Fetal sex and perinatal outcomes; Objective: To evaluate the relationship of fetal sex with obstetric risk factors and perinatal outcomes. Material and methods: Retrospective study of deliveries during 2003-2009 at a tertiary hospital based on the analysis of obstetric and neonatal risk variables according to neonatal sex. Results: Of the 29,530 deliveries studied, the neonate was a boy in 15,038 (50.92%) and a girl in 14,492 (49.08%). The rates of gestational diabetes, prematurity, true umbilical cord knot and nuchal cord were higher for male newborns, whereas the rate of echographic diagnosis of intrauterine fetal growth retardation was higher for female newborns. Mothers of male fetuses had higher rates of cesarean delivery and instrumental vaginal delivery. The indication for ending labor due to the non-reassuring fetal heart rate was also more frequent among male newborns. This group had higher rates of acidemia, although there were no significant differences between sexes in other short-term neonatal outcomes. In all subgroups analyzed here, fetal weight was higher in male newborns. Conclusions: Male sex is an independent risk factor for unfavorable outcomes of pregnancy and delivery. © 2012 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin Boston.
Pregnancy after age 50: Defining risks for mother and child; Assisted reproductive technology using donor-egg in vitro fertilization (D-IVF) has enabled women 50 years and above to successfully achieve pregnancy. We examine the safety profile of these pregnancies through a large, single-center case series and retrospective cohort analysis in which all participants were carefully screened medically prior to conception. Consecutive women aged 50 years (n=101) who achieved a viable pregnancy via D-IVF were identified and their perinatal outcomes were recorded. These data were compared with control data from younger (42 years) recipients of D-IVF (n=41) who also achieved a viable pregnancy at our center during the same period. Compared with the younger women, older recipients had statistically similar rates of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (23% versus 14%, odds ratio [OR] 1.9 [0.65 to 5.4]), gestational diabetes (4.0% versus 3.0%, OR 1.4 [0.15 to 113.0]), preterm premature rupture of membranes/preterm labor (8.9% versus 14%, OR 0.59 [0.18 to 1.9]), and abnormal placentation (2.1% versus 0%). Cesarean delivery was high in women 50 (81% of singletons, 100% of multiples). There was one maternal death, which occurred before delivery in a 49-year-old woman who would have been 50 at term had she survived, presumably secondary to myocardial infarction. Primary neonatal outcomes of gestational age and birth weight were excellent and similar between groups. Women 50 years who achieve pregnancy via D-IVF are at high risk for maternal complications, particularly hypertensive disorders and cesarean section, but at rates similar to those seen in younger recipients. © 2012 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Contraception in women with diabetes; Individual consultation on contraception for women with diabetes mellitus and women after gestational diabetes is an important component of the interdisciplinary care concept. Safe contraception and a planned pregnancy are important because preconceptional optimization of metabolism plays an essential role in reducing the frequency of malformations in children of diabetic mothers. The assessment and treatment of diabetes-specific complications (e.g. retinopathy, nephropathy with or without hypertension, neuropathy, coronary heart disease and other macroangiopathies) before conception is decisive for the course of pregnancy. In addition a potential influence of the method of contraception on metabolism, in particular on carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, and diabetes specific complications must be considered. The consultation should include the estimated planned duration of the use of a method. © Springer-Verlag 2012.
Previous gestational diabetes mellitus and markers of cardiovascular risk; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the developed world has increased at an alarming rate over the last few decades. GDM has been shown to be associated with postpartum diabetes, insulin resistance, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. A history of previous GDM (pGDM), associated or not with any of these metabolic abnormalities, can increase the risk of developing not only type 2 diabetes mellitus but also cardiovascular disease (CVD) independent of a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes later in life. In this paper we discuss the relationship among inflammatory markers, metabolic abnormalities, and vascular dysfunction in women with pGDM. We also review the current knowledge on metabolic modifications occurring in normal pregnancy and the link between alterations of a normal metabolic state with the long-term maternal complications that may result in increased CVD risk. Our review of studies on pGDM prompts us to recommend that these women be considered a population at risk for later CVD events, which however could be avoided via the use of specially designed follow-up programs in the future. Copyright © 2012 Nikolaos Vrachnis et al.
Update: Complications and care related to pregnancy, labor and delivery, active component, U.S. Armed Forces, 2001-2010.; Diagnoses of "complications of pregnancy, childbirth, and the puerperium" (ICD-9-CM: 630-679) include both morbid complications and indications for routine care of pregnant women. During 2001-2010, U.S. service members with live births (n=156,314) had 1.16 million medical encounters with primary diagnoses of "pregnancy complications". The most frequent diagnoses were "other current conditions", "other threatened labor" (e.g., false labor), "previous cesarean delivery" and "normal delivery". The number of complication-related medical encounters per pregnancy more than doubled during 2001-2010. Diagnoses of gestational diabetes, previous cesarean delivery and advanced maternal age contributed to the largest increases in pregnancy-related medical encounters during the period. The complications that accounted for the largest increases in the percents of pregnancies affected by them were urinary tract infections, fetal heart rate/rhythm abnormalities and back pain in pregnancy.
Pharmacotherapy and pregnancy: Highlights from the third international conference for individualized pharmacotherapy in pregnancy; To address provider struggles to provide evidence-based, rational drug therapy to pregnant women, this third Conference was convened to highlight the current progress and research in the field. Speakers from academic centers, industry, and governmental institutions spoke about: the Food and Drug Administration's role in pregnancy pharmacology and the new labeling initiative; drug registries in pregnancy; the pharmacist's role in medication use in pregnancy; therapeutic areas such as preterm labor, gestational diabetes, nausea and vomiting in pregnancy, and hypertension; breast-feeding and medications; ethical challenges for consent in pregnancy drug studies; the potential for cord blood banks; and concerns about the fetus when studying drugs in pregnancy. The Conference highlighted several areas of collaboration within the current Obstetrics Pharmacology Research Units Network and hoped to educate providers, researchers, and agencies with the common goal to improve the ability to safely and effectively use individualized pharmacotherapy in pregnancy. © 2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc..
Cushing's syndrome during pregnancy secondary to adrenal adenoma; Pregnancy rarely occurs in untreated cases of Cushing's syndrome (CS), because most of them are infertile due to significant maternal and fetal complications during pregnancy. Diagnosis of CS may be difficult during pregnancy. Since physiological changes of pregnancy are overlapped by classical presentation and biological confirmation of CS. Therefore the high clinical suspicious is needed for diagnosis. We present a 33 years old pregnant woman with a history of chronic hypertension from 10 years ago that referred to Imam Khomeini hospital for uncontrolled hypertension, gestational diabetes and fetal tachycardia at the 30 weeks of gestation. After initial studies abdominal MRI detected a 43 x 35 x 29 mm right adrenal mass. She was treated by anti-hypertensive drugs. But at 31.5 weeks of gestational age cesarean section was performed due to sever preeclampsia. Then two weeks after delivery open right adrenalectomy was carried out without any complications and in the histopathological evaluation benign adrenocortical adenoma was reported. CS is associated with considerable fetal and maternal morbidity and mortality. Selection of treatment method is variable and it depends on gestational age. Medical and surgical approaches have been used in managing CS in pregnancy. Surgical treatment is the first choice for CS which is recommended at the second trimester and in the late pregnancy medical treatment is preferred. © 2012 Tehran University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
Preconception cardiovascular risk factors and pregnancy outcome; Background: Pregnancy-related cardiovascular conditions are associated with both poorer pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease later in life. Little is known about the relationship between preconception cardiovascular risk factor levels and pregnancy complications. Methods: Data from the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study were linked with birth registry data for 1142 primiparous women. Age-standardized levels of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, blood pressure, insulin, and glucose from the study visit prior to last menstrual period were calculated. These factors were examined as predictors of gestational age, preterm birth (<37 weeks), birthweight, low birthweight (<2500 g), small-for-gestational-age (weight <10th percentile for gestational age), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes, using linear and Poisson regression with adjustment for age, body mass index, smoking, and socioeconomic status. Results: Higher triglycerides were associated with a higher risk of hypertensive disorders (adjusted risk ratio [aRR] = 1.42 [95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.90 -2.23]), preeclampsia (1.70 [1.08-2.65]), and gestational diabetes (1.68 [1.25-2.25]). After removing women with pregnancy complications (n = 30), the estimated aRR for the association between systolic blood pressure and preterm birth was 1.23 (95% CI = 0.99-1.54); for HDL-c and low birthweight, 0.97 (0.73-1.28); for diastolic blood pressure and small-for-gestational-age, 0.98 (0.81-1.20); and for systolic blood pressure and small-for-gestational-age, 1.18 (0.97-1.45). Conclusions: High lipid levels before pregnancy predict an increased risk of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Reported associations between these pregnancy complications and later cardiovascular disease of the mother are probably explained, at least in part, by maternal conditions that precede pregnancy. Interventions to improve cardiovascular health before pregnancy may reduce risk of pregnancy complications. Copyright © 2011 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Repercussion of pregnancy in women diagnosed with congenital heart disease; Introduction: for many years, the women presenting with heart disease were "condemned" to not to get pregnant due to the increased risk of maternal mortality caused by it, nowadays the 85 % or more of these patients survives the 18 years old, and many of them, depending on the type specific of cardiac affection and the degree of a potential correction, may to have a life expectancy similar to general population. Objective: to describe the perinatal results obtained in pregnant patient diagnosed with congenital heart disease, from the implementation of a work protocol conducted by a multidisciplinary group of specialists. Methods: a cross-sectional, prospective and descriptive study was conducted to analyze the clinical and perinatology factors associated with congenital heart diseases seen in the Heart Disease and Pregnancy Service of the "Ramón González Coro" Hospital of the Plaza municipality of La Habana from January 1, 2000 to December, 31 2010. Results: the 75 % of patients got pregnants at 30 years old. The 10.4 % had a morbidity of obstetric cause and among them prevailed the gestational diabetes. There was worsening of functional I classification at onset of pregnancy at II and III at delivery. There was not newborn diagnosed with congenital heart disease. Conclusion: with the implementation of the Protocol of Care to Heart Disease Patient it has been possible to achieve encouraging perinatal results in pregnant presenting with congenital hart disease.
Anesthetic management of vaginal delivery in a parturient with hemochromatosis induced end-organ failure; The vast majority of females affected by hemochromatosis are asymptomatic during childbearing years. We were able to provide effective obstetric anesthesia care to a 35-year-old woman with severe hemochromatosis. She had systolic heart failure with a left ventricular ejection fraction of 15%, severe pulmonary hypertension, mitral insufficiency, a history of ventricular tachycardia, cirrhosis, obstructive sleep apnea, gestational diabetes, and severe scoliosis. A multidisciplinary approach was used to stabilize her heart failure and prepare her for childbirth. An arterial line and epidural analgesic were placed before induction of labor. Vaginal delivery was accomplished with passive decent of the fetus and forceps assistance. We discuss hemochromatosis and its implications for the parturient. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pheochromocytoma and pregnancy: A diffcult and dangerous ordeal; Pheochromocytoma during pregnancy is potentially disastrous to the mother and fetus. Its ambiguous presentation is often mistaken for pre-eclampsia, although it may imitate other problems during pregnancy. Early diagnosis and timely, appropriate management reduces possible maternal and fetal complications. We identifed a case of pheochromocytoma during pregnancy; the condition was initially diagnosed as pre-eclampsia complicated with gestational diabetes. Surgical intervention via left adrenalectomy was successfully performed in the second trimester. After surgery, all of the patient's medical problems nearly subsided and she did not require further treatment. However, her fetus displayed restricted intrauterine growth, and the patient eventually had premature delivery via a caesarean section. A multidisciplinary team to identify and treat pheochromocytoma is mandatory to ensure optimal conditions for tumour removal and to anticipate any possible catastrophic events. © Penerbit Universiti Sains Malaysia.
Through the looking glass: Gestational diabetes as a predictor of maternal and offspring long-term health; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is gaining in importance as a predictor of future health risks for women and their offspring. In women, it is associated with increased long-term risks of diabetes, metabolic syndrome and increased cardiovascular disorders. For offspring of mothers with GDM, risks of GDM include abnormal glucose tolerance, obesity and metabolic syndrome. This review presents the evidence for GDM as a predictor of long-term health risks for mothers and their offspring. We highlight GDM as an opportune time to screen for and possibly intervene to prevent adverse health outcomes for both women and their offspring. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Exercise guidelines in pregnancy: New perspectives; In 2002, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists published exercise guidelines for pregnancy, which suggested that in the absence of medical or obstetric complications, 30 minutes or more of moderate exercise a day on most, if not all, days of the week is recommended for pregnant women. However, these guidelines did not define 'moderate intensity' or the specific amount of weekly caloric expenditure from physical activity required. Recent research has determined that increasing physical activity energy expenditure to a minimum of 16 metabolic equivalent task (MET) hours per week, or preferably 28 MET hours per week, and increasing exercise intensity to ≥60% of heart rate reserve during pregnancy, reduces the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus and perhaps hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (i.e. gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia) compared with less vigorous exercise. To achieve the target expenditure of 28 MET hours per week, one could walk at 3.2km per hour for 11.2 hours per week (2.5 METs, light intensity), or preferably exercise on a stationary bicycle for 4.7 hours per week (∼6-7 METs, vigorous intensity). The more vigorous the exercise, the less total time of exercise is required per week, resulting in ≥60% reduction in total exercise time compared with light intensity exercise. Light muscle strengthening performed over the second and third trimester of pregnancy has minimal effects on a newborn infants body size and overall health. On the basis of this and other information, updated recommendations for exercise in pregnancy are suggested. © 2011 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Incidence, risk factors, management, and outcomes of stroke in pregnancy; To estimate the incidence of antenatal stroke in the United Kingdom and to describe risk factors associated with stroke during pregnancy, management, and outcomes. A population-based (nationwide) cohort and nested case-control study was conducted using the UK Obstetric Surveillance System between October 2007 and March 2010. We investigated the potential factors associated with antenatal stroke using a logistic regression analysis to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Thirty cases of antenatal stroke were reported giving an estimated incidence of 1.5 cases per 100,000 women delivering (95% CI 1.0-2.1). The incidences of nonhemorrhagic and hemorrhagic stroke were 0.9 (95% CI 0.5-1.3) and 0.6 (95% CI 0.3-1.0) per 100,000 women delivering. Factors associated with increased risk of antenatal stroke were history of migraine (adjusted OR 8.5, 95% CI 1.5-62.1), gestational diabetes (adjusted OR 26.8, 95% CI 3.2-∞), and preeclampsia or eclampsia (adjusted OR 7.7, 95% CI 1.3-55.7). There was wide variation in the use of pharmacologic, surgical, and organized stroke unit care. There were six stroke-related maternal deaths giving a case-fatality rate of 20% of all strokes, 50% of hemorrhagic strokes, and a mortality rate of 0.3 (95% CI 0.1-0.6) per 100,000 women delivering. The risk of a stroke during pregnancy is low; however, the poor outcomes in terms of morbidity and mortality and variations in care highlight the importance of such women receiving specialist stroke care. Clinicians should be aware of an association with a history of migraine, gestational diabetes, and preeclampsia or eclampsia. II. © 2012 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Intergenerational cycle of obesity and diabetes: How can we reduce the burdens of these conditions on the health of future generations?; Prepregnancy overweight or obesity and excessive gestational weight gain have been associated with increased risk of maternal and neonatal complications. Moreover, offspring from obese women are more likely to develop obesity, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular diseases in their lifetime. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common complications associated with obesity and appears to have a direct impact on the future metabolic health of the child. Fetal programming of metabolic function induced by obesity and GDM may have intergenerational effect and thus perpetuate the epidemic of cardiometabolic conditions. The present paper thus aims at discussing the impact of maternal obesity and GDM on the developmental programming of obesity and metabolic disorders in the offspring. The main interventions designed to reduce maternal obesity and GDM and their ability to break the vicious circle that perpetuates the transmission of obesity and metabolic conditions to the next generations are also addressed. Copyright © 2011 Marie-Claude Battista et al.
Impact of Dietary Soy Isoflavones in Pregnancy on Fetal Programming of Endothelial Function in Offspring; Epidemiological evidence suggests that soy-based diets containing phytoestrogens (isoflavones) afford protection against cardiovascular diseases (CVDs); however, supplementation trials have largely reported only marginal health benefits. The molecular mechanisms by which the isoflavones genistein, daidzein, and equol afford protection against oxidative stress remain to be investigated in large scale clinical trials. Isoflavones are transferred across the placenta in both rodents and humans, yet there is limited information on their actions in pregnancy and the developmental origins of disease. Our studies established that feeding a soy isoflavone-rich diet during pregnancy, weaning, and postweaning affords cardiovascular protection in aged male rats. Notably, rats exposed to a soy isoflavone-deficient diet throughout pregnancy and adult life exhibited increased oxidative stress, diminished antioxidant enzyme and eNOS levels, endothelial dysfunction, and elevated blood pressure in vivo. The beneficial effects of refeeding isoflavones to isoflavone-deficient rats include an increased production of nitric oxide and EDHF, an upregulation of antioxidant defense enzymes and lowering of blood pressure in vivo. This review focuses on the role that isoflavones in the fetal circulation may play during fetal development in affording protection against CVD in the offspring via their ability to activate eNOS, EDHF, and redox-sensitive gene expression. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Crisis of women diabetics in India: A review; International Diabetes Federation (IDF), which tracks the global spread of this scourge, says that by next year, the country India will be home to 50.8 million diabetics, making it the world's unchallenged diabetes capital. The number is expected to go upto a whopping 87 million i.e. 8.4% of the country's adult population by 2030. The disease will prove costly for India, both in terms of lives lost and money wasted. In India, it will kill around 10.07 lakh people in the age group of 20-79 years every year in which the majority being women (5.81 lakh) from 2010. In women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM), the risk of developing Type 2 diabetes is greatly increased, to the point that GDM represents an early stage in the natural history of Type 2 diabetes. In addition, in the years following the index pregnancy, women with pGDM exhibit an increased cardiovascular risk profile and an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease. This paper will review current knowledge on the metabolic modifications that occur in normal pregnancy, underlining the mechanism responsible for GDM, the link between these alterations and the associated long-term maternal complications. In women with pGDM, accurate follow-up and prevention strategies (e.g., weight control and regular physical exercise) are needed to reduce the subsequent development of overt diabetes and other metabolic abnormalities related to cardiovascular disease.
Assessment of left ventricular systolic function in fetuses without myocardial hypertrophy of gestational diabetes mellitus mothers using velocity vector imaging; The aim of this study was to quantifiably assess left ventricular systolic function by velocity vector imaging (VVI) in fetuses without myocardial hypertrophy born to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers. Ventricular images (4-chamber) from 60 normal fetuses and 32 GDM fetuses were selected. Myocardial global and segmental peak strain and systolic strain rates were obtained from VVI offline software. Ejection fraction (EF) was also measured to assess fetal cardiac function. EF of normal fetuses and GDM group were 65.55 ± 4.64% and 65.72 ± 4.92%. No difference was found in EF between the control group and GDM group. Global strain and strain rate of GDM groups were 13.74 ± 3.19% and 1.41 ± 0.54 s -1, respectively and were found to be lower than the normal group (p < 0.05). Six different segmental peak strains and peak systolic strain rates had identical adjacent segments not only in the control group, but also in GDM fetuses. It was concluded that VVI could reflect fetal cardiac function sensitivity. Global strain and strain rate may be useful parameters for assessing the fetal myocardial systolic function in diabetic mothers. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd.
Long–term consequences of obesity in pregnancy for the mother; Current knowledge argues that pregnancy serves as a preview of a woman’s long-term health. The numerous physiological changes during pregnancy, which stress the metabolic system [1], can reveal subclinical disease states as well as identify new ones [2,3]. Evidence for this assertion exists in studies that have examined the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) [4], as well as hypertensive disorders during pregnancy and subsequent cardiovascular disease risk factors [5]. Whether pregnancy is on the causal pathway or simply a time period that allows these chronic diseases to be unmasked remains yet to be determined. Obese women are more likely to be at higher risk of developing complications such as GDM, hypertensive disorders, and pre-eclampsia during pregnancy [6–9]. In this chapter we will focus on the evidence for the association between gestational weight gain and postpartum weight retention among obese women, as well as the association between obesity and lack of breastfeeding, and how these associations are potentially interrelated to cause further disease in obese women. Postpartum weight retention. Pregnancy and its associated weight gain may be potential “triggers” for the development of obesity in women [10,11]. Pooled estimates of average absolute postpartum weight retention in units of body mass index (BMI) (kg/m2) are 2.42 (95% CI: 2.32–2.52) at six weeks, 1.14 (95% CI: 1.04–1.25) at six months, and 0.46 (95% CI: 0.38–0.54) at twelve months postpartum [12]. These estimates suggest that most women will lose the majority of weight that is associated with pregnancy within one year postpartum. However, many studies have observed a wide range of variation in postpartum weight retention [13,14], with as many as 20% of women having substantial postpartum weight retention ranging over 5kg (11lbs) [13]. © Cambridge University Press 2012.
Physical activity, sedentary behaviors, and estimated insulin sensitivity and secretion in pregnant and non-pregnant women; Background: Overweight and obesity during pregnancy raise the risk of gestational diabetes and birth complications. Lifestyle factors like physical activity may decrease these risks through beneficial effects on glucose homeostasis. Here we examined physical activity patterns and their relationships with measures of glucose homeostasis in late pregnancy compared to non-pregnant women.Methods: Normal weight and overweight women without diabetes (N = 108; aged 25-35 years) were studied; 35 were pregnant (in gestational weeks 28-32) and 73 were non-pregnant.Insulin sensitivity and β-cell response were estimated from an oral glucose tolerance test. Physical activity was measured during 10-days of free-living using a combined heart rate sensor and accelerometer. Total (TEE), resting (REE), and physical activity (PAEE) energy expenditure were measured using doubly-labeled water and expired gas indirect calorimetry.Results: Total activity was associated with reduced first-phase insulin response in both pregnant (Regression r2 = 0.11; Spearman r = -0.47; p = 0.007) and non-pregnant women (Regression r2 = 0.11 Spearman; r = -0.36; p = 0.002). Relative to non-pregnant women, pregnant women were estimated to have secreted 67% more insulin and had 10% lower fasting glucose than non-pregnant women. Pregnant women spent 13% more time sedentary, 71% less time in moderate-to-vigorous intensity activity, had 44% lower objectively measured total activity, and 12% lower PAEE than non-pregnant women. Correlations did not differ significantly for any comparison between physical activity subcomponents and measures of insulin sensitivity or secretion.Conclusions: Our findings suggest that physical activity conveys similar benefits on glucose homeostasis in pregnant and non-pregnant women, despite differences in subcomponents of physical activity. © 2011 Gradmark et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Gestational diabetes and subclinical inflammation: Evaluation of first year postpartum outcomes; Aim: The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between sublinical inflammation and glycemic status in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Sixty-one patients with GDM and 40 healthy pregnant women were included in the study. Fasting blood glucose (FBG), insulin, high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), lipid parameters and carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT) were measured. Fifty-five of the patients with GDM returned for a follow-up visit scheduled at 1-year post-partum. These patients were subjected to 75. g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) followed by an evaluation of metabolic and subclinical inflammatory parameters were evaluated. Results: The mean FBG, insulin, homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), triglyceride (TG), hsCRP levels and CIMT in the women with GDM were significantly higher than those in the control group. C-reactive protein and CIMT were positively correlated with insulin, HOMA-IR, glucose value at the time of the OGTT 50, prepregnancy body mass index, TG and FBG. Multivariate logistic regression analysis on patients with sustained hyperglycemia one-year postpartum revealed elevated hsCRP levels to be independent risk factors for the development of dysglycemia. Conclusions: Elevated hsCRP levels could be predictors of progression to T2DM later in life in patients with GDM. © 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Maternal hemodynamics at 11-13 weeks' gestation in gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of type 2 diabetes and subsequent cardiovascular mortality and morbidity. Individuals with cardiovascular disorders have increased central aortic systolic blood pressure (SBP Ao) and arterial stiffness. The hypothesis of this study is that increased SBP Ao and arterial stiffness are apparent before the development of GDM. Methods: In this screening study, SBP Ao, pulse wave velocity (PWV) and augmentation index (AIx) were measured in women with singleton pregnancies attending for routine antenatal care at 11-13 weeks' gestation. We compared SBP Ao, PWV and AIx, expressed as multiples of the median (MoM), after adjustment for maternal characteristics affecting these measurements, in women who subsequently developed GDM (n = 105) with the values in non-GDM controls (n = 6,736). Results: In the GDM group, compared to non-GDM controls, there was an increase in PWV [1.04 MoM, interquartile range (IQR) 0.93-1.15 vs. 1.00 MoM, IQR 0.90-1.12; p = 0.013] and SBP Ao (1.03 MoM, IQR 0.98-1.14 vs. 1.00 MoM, IQR 0.94-1.08; p < 0.0001) but no significant difference in the AIx (1.02 MoM, IQR 0.89-1.22 vs. 1.00 MoM, IQR 0.87-1.17; p = 0.118). Conclusion: Women who develop GDM have increased SBP Ao and arterial stiffness from the first trimester of pregnancy before the clinical onset of GDM. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG.
Cytokine profile, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease risk in women with late-onset gestational diabetes mellitus; Inflammation is an important component of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) which could be the link between the metabolic and the cardiovascular consequences of this condition. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been recognized as a significant risk factor for MetS and an inflammation component has been described in this disease. The aim of the study was to evaluate the relationships between cytokine concentrations, components of MetS and cardiovascular risk markers in women with late-onset GDM. Women (n=63) with late-onset GDM and 63 controls were enrolled. Clinical variables, and obstetrics and perinatal outcomes were recorded. Relationships between cytokines (TNF-α, leptin, IL6, adiponectin) and endothelial injury markers (VCAM, ICAM and selectine) were analyzed. Control vs. patient data indicated: pre-gestational body mass index (BMI) 23.46±3.73 vs. 26.97±5.07kg/m2 (p=0.001); TNF-α 2.2±0.8 vs. 3.1±1.5pg/mL (p=0.002); leptin 18714.78±8859.08 vs. 27365.79±16209.67pg/mL (p=0.001); adiponectin 162.42±34.19 vs. 141.54±41.33ng/mL (p=0.04). Multivariate analyses showed that adiponectin had a protective effect (OR=0.9; p=0.02) and BMI carried a significant risk (OR=8.4; p=0.01) for GDM. No differences were found in endothelial injury markers. In conclusion, the cytokine profile in women with late-onset GDM is characterized by high concentrations of TNF-α and leptin and low adiponectin. This profile is related, in large extent, to an increased pregravid BMI which, potentially, may be linked to the future development of both metabolic and cardiovascular disease. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
Pregnancy in type 1 diabetes mellitus: How special are special issues?; India leads the world with largest number of diabetics earning the dubious distinction of "the diabetes capital of the world." Diabetes is associated with maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. The number of pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes is increasing, mainly from an increase in type 2 diabetes, but also an increase in type 1 diabetes. Overall, type 1 diabetes accounts for approximately 5% to 10% of all diabetes outside of pregnancy, and in pregnancy put together with type 2 account for 10% of diabetic pregnancies. Management of the pregnant diabetic woman is a complex task that ideally begins before conception. Specific attention is required for diabetic pregnancies in different trimesters of pregnancy. Diabetes, especially type 1 diabetes, can be a challenge in pregnancy, but with education, close monitoring, and latest therapeutic modalities, these women can have healthy newborns. Close attention to diet, glycemic control, metabolic stresses, and early diagnosis and monitoring of complications can make pregnancy a successful experience for women with diabetes. A MedLine search was done to review relevant articles in English literature on diabetes and pregnancy, and specific issues related to pregnancy in type 1 diabetes were reviewed.
The association between in utero hyperinsulinemia and adolescent arterial stiffness; Aim: To determine the relationship between in utero hyperinsulinemia and children's arterial stiffness at adolescence. Methods: Indices of arterial stiffness were measured using the SphygmoCor apparatus in 129 adolescents (42 offsprings of mother with gestational diabetes and 87 offsprings of mother with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy) at 15 years of age. Results: Adolescent of mothers with gestational diabetes had similar central aortic blood pressure, augmentation pressure (AP), augmentation index (AI), and carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (PWV) as that of controls. However, both umbilical cord C-peptide and insulin levels correlated positively AI (R= 0.28 and 0.24; p= 0.011 and 0.035, respectively), and umbilical insulin level correlated positively with AP (R= 0.25; p= 0.025). The correlations were significant between umbilical cord C-peptide and AP (R= 0.24; p= 0.035) and AI (R= 0.29; p= 0.011) after adjustment for subjects' age, sex, body weight and height. Adolescents who had umbilical cord C-peptide levels at highest quartile (n= 25), based on the reference ranges of the original cohort, had a significant greater PWV (5.26 ± 0.12. m/s vs 4.98 ± 0.12. m/s; p= 0.0049) than those with C-peptide levels at the lower 3 quartiles (n= 57) after adjustment for age, sex, body weight and height. Conclusions: In utero hyperinsulinemia appears to increase the offspring's arterial stiffness at early adolescence. © 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Carotid intimal-medial thickness is not increased in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is known to increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases. Measuring the carotid artery intimal-medial thickness (CIMT) is a non-invasive technique used to evaluate early atherosclerosis and to predict future cardiovascular diseases. We examined the association between CIMT and cardiovascular risk factors in young Korean women with previous GDM. Methods: One hundred one women with previous GDM and 19 women who had normal pregnancies (NP) were recruited between 1999 and 2002. At one year postpartum, CIMT was measured using high-resolution B-mode ultrasonography, and oral glucose tolerance tests were performed. Fasting glucose, glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), insulin levels and lipid profiles were also measured. CIMTs in the GDM and NP groups were compared, and the associations between CIMT and cardiovascular risk factors were analyzed in the GDM group. Results: CIMT results of the GDM group were not significantly different from those of the NP group (GDM, 0.435±0.054 mm; NP, 0.460±0.046 mm; P=0.069). In the GDM group, a higher HbA1c was associated with an increase in CIMT after age adjustment (P=0.011). CIMT results in the group with HbA1c >6.0% were higher than those of the normal HbA1c (HbA1c ≤6.0%) (P=0.010). Nine of the patients who are type 2 diabetes mellitus converters within one year postpartum but showed no significant difference in CIMT results compared to NP group. Conclusion: Higher HbA1c is associated with an increase in CIMT in women with previous GDM. However, CIMT at one year postpartum was not increased in these women compared to that in NP women. © 2011 Korean Diabetes Association.
A comparative study of eating habits and food intake in women with gestational diabetes according to early postpartum glucose tolerance status; Background: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD); continuous life-style intervention, especially diet, is central to managing T2DM and CVD. However, little is known about the dietary patterns of women with GDM after delivery. The goal of this study was to compare the eating habits and food intakes of women diagnosed with GDM during the early postpartum period. Methods: We performed a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in 184 women with GDM between 6 and 12 weeks after delivery. Based on the results of the OGTT, the subjects were divided into three groups according to the American Diabetes Association criteria; normal glucose tolerance (NGT) (n=100), pre-diabetes (n=73), and diabetes mellitus (DM) (n=11). Eating habits and usual food intake after delivery were investigated using a questionnaire, based on 24 hour-recall, which was administered by a trained dietitian. The daily intake data were analyzed using CAN Pro 3.0. Blood tests were performed pre- and post-delivery. Results: Eating habits were not significantly different among the three groups. However, animal fat consumption was significantly different among the three groups. The intake ratio of fat calories to total calories was also significantly higher in the pre-diabetes and DM groups. Conclusion: Although diet in the period 6 to 12 weeks postpartum did not influence glucose level, it may be important to educate women with GDM about the risks of excessive animal fat intake during pregnancy and the postpartum period in order to prevent later onset of T2DM. © 2011 Korean Diabetes Association.
Obstructive sleep apnea and pregnancy: The effect on perinatal outcomes; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is characterized by repeated episodes of upper airway obstruction, resulting in hypoxemia, hypercapnia and sleep fragmentation. Pathophysiological sequelae include sympathetic activation, increased oxidative stress and a generalized inflammatory response, culminating in endothelial dysfunction. These are the proposed mechanisms that mediate the increased risk of hypertension and cardiovascular disease among patients with OSA outside of pregnancy. It is intriguing to consider the consequences of these events on pregnancy outcomes. There is a growing literature on the impact of maternal OSA on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes and impaired fetal growth. The data, while promising, require confirmation with larger numbers to verify the findings. OSA may be an important mediator of the poor perinatal outcomes associated with maternal obesity; moreover, one which may be amenable to treatment. This review discusses OSA and summarizes the current literature linking OSA with adverse perinatal outcomes. © 2012 Nature America, Inc. All rights reserved.
Metabolic imprinting by prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal overnutrition: A review; Epidemiological studies have suggested that metabolic programming is one of the critical factors contributing to the etiology of obesity as well as concurrent increase in related chronic diseases (e.g., type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease). Metabolic programming is the phenomenon whereby a nutritional stress/stimulus applied during critical periods of early development permanently alters an organism's physiology and metabolism, the consequences of which are often observed much later in life. The idea of metabolic programming originated from the fetal origins hypothesis proposed by Barker in which he suggested that disproportionate size at birth of the newborn due to an adverse intrauterine environment correlated well with an increased risk of adult-onset ill health outcomes (type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease). The fetal origins hypothesis, proposed by Barker, suggests that adequate nutrition during fetal development is critical. Overnutrition is a form of malnutrition that has increased in the United States over the past several decades in which nutrients are oversupplied relative to the amounts required for normal growth, development, and metabolism. Evidence for the effects of maternal obesity and overnutrition on metabolic programming is reviewed during critical prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal periods. Copyright © 2011 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Epigenetic epidemiology: The rebirth of soft inheritance; Non-communicable diseases (NCDs), such as cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes, constitute the main cause of death worldwide. Eighty percent of these deaths occur in low- and middle-income countries, especially as these countries undergo socio-economic improvement following reductions in the burden of infectious disease. The World Health Organization predicts a substantial increase in the incidence of NCDs over the next decade globally. NCDs are generally preventable, but current approaches are clearly inadequate. New initiatives are needed to implement such prevention, and there needs to be greater recognition that early-life interventions are likely to be the most efficacious. Devising appropriate prevention strategies necessitates an understanding of how the developmental environment influences risk. Progress in this field has been slow due to an excessive emphasis on fixed genomic variations (hard inheritance) as the major determinants of disease susceptibility. However, new evidence demonstrates the much greater importance of early-life developmental factors, involving epigenetic processes and 'soft' inheritance in modulating an individual's vulnerability to NCD. This also offers opportunities for novel epigenetic biomarkers of risk or interventions targeting epigenetic pathways to be devised for use in early life. This may pave the way to much more effective, customised interventions to promote health across the life course. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Lack of exercise is a major cause of chronic diseases; Chronic diseases are major killers in the modern era. Physical inactivity is a primary cause of most chronic diseases. The initial third of the article considers: activity and prevention definitions; historical evidence showing physical inactivity is detrimental to health and normal organ functional capacities; cause versus treatment; physical activity and inactivity mechanisms differ; gene-environment interaction (including aerobic training adaptations, personalized medicine, and co-twin physical activity); and specificity of adaptations to type of training. Next, physical activity/exercise is examined as primary prevention against 35 chronic conditions [accelerated biological aging/premature death, low cardiorespiratory fitness (VO2max), sarcopenia, metabolic syndrome, obesity, insulin resistance, prediabetes, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, coronary heart disease, peripheral artery disease, hypertension, stroke, congestive heart failure, endothelial dysfunction, arterial dyslipidemia, hemostasis, deep vein thrombosis, cognitive dysfunction, depression and anxiety, osteoporosis, osteoarthritis, balance, bone fracture/falls, rheumatoid arthritis, colon cancer, breast cancer, endometrial cancer, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, polycystic ovary syndrome, erectile dysfunction, pain, diverticulitis, constipation, and gallbladder diseases]. The article ends with consideration of deterioration of risk factors in longerterm sedentary groups; clinical consequences of inactive childhood/adolescence; and public policy. In summary, the body rapidly maladapts to insufficient physical activity, and if continued, results in substantial decreases in both total and quality years of life. Taken together, conclusive evidence exists that physical inactivity is one important cause of most chronic diseases. In addition, physical activity primarily prevents, or delays, chronic diseases, implying that chronic disease need not be an inevitable outcome during life. © 2012 American Physiological Society.
Evaluation of postpartum carbohydrate intolerance and cardiovascular risk factors in women with gestational diabetes; We aimed to evaluate the predictors of subsequent development of postpartum carbohydrate intolerance, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous GDM. Two hundred fifty-two consecutive women with GDM were enrolled. After exclusion of women who did not attend to the hospital for follow-up visits for minimum 1 year, data of 195 patients were evaluated. Seventy-one lean women with negative screening for GDM were included as a control group. The prevalence of diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance and impaired fasting glucose and metabolic syndrome was significantly higher in women with previous GDM than healthy controls. Women with previous GDM were more insulin resistant, had an atherogenic lipid profile and increased carotid IMT. The most important predictors of postpartum diabetes were the need for insulin treatment during index pregnancy and glucose values on antepartum OGTT. Among women with previous GDM, the development of postpartum diabetes and metabolic syndrome was associated with increased carotid IMT. Our data show that women with previous GDM are at high risk for developing carbohydrate intolerance, metabolic syndrome and atherosclerosis. Antepartum prediction of high risk subjects for the subsequent development of postpartum carbohydrate intolerance and metabolic syndrome seems to be vital to prevent cardiovascular outcomes. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd.
Prenatal origin of obesity and their complications: Gestational diabetes, maternal overweight and the paradoxical effects of fetal growth restriction and macrosomia; Pregestational (PGDM) and gestational (GDM) diabetes may be associated with a variety of fetal effects including increased rate of spontaneous abortions, intrauterine fetal death, congenital anomalies, neurodevelopmental problems and increased risk of perinatal complications. Additional problems of concern are fetal growth disturbances causing increased or decreased birth weight. Optimal control of maternal blood glucose is known to reduce these changes. Among the long lasting effects of these phenomena are a high rate of overweight and obesity at childhood and a high tendency to develop the "metabolic syndrome" characterized by hypertension, cardio-vascular complications and type 2 diabetes. Similarly, maternal overweight and obesity during pregnancy or excessive weight gain are also associated with increased obesity and complications in the offspring. Although there are different causes for fetal growth restriction (FGR) or for fetal excessive growth (macrosomis), paradoxically both are associated with the "metabolic syndrome" and its long term consequences. The exact mechanism(s) underlying these long term effects on growth are not fully elucidated, but they involve insulin resistance, fetal hyperleptinemia, hypothalamic changes and most probably epigenetic changes. Preventive measures to avoid the metabolic syndrome and its complications seem to be a tight dietary control and physical activity in the children born to obese or diabetic mothers or who had antenatal growth disturbances for other known or unknown reasons. © 2011 Elsevier Inc.
Safety of lamivudine treatment for chronic hepatitis B in early pregnancy; AIM: To evaluate the safety of lamivudine (LAM) treatment for chronic hepatitis B in early pregnancy. METHODS: A total of 92 pregnant women who received LAM treatment either before pregnancy or in early pregnancy were enrolled in this study. All of the pregnant women volunteered to take lamivudine during pregnancy and were not co-infected with hepatitis C virus, human immunodeficiency virus, cytomegalovirus, or other viruses. All infants received passiveactive immunoprophylaxis with 200 IU hepatitis B immunoglobulin and three doses of 10 μg hepatitis B vaccines (0-1-6 mo) according to the guidelines for the prevention and treatment of chronic hepatitis B. Adverse events were observed throughout the entire pregnancy and perinatal period, and the effectiveness of lamivudine treatment for blocking mother-to-infant transmission of hepatitis B virus (HBV) was evaluated. All adverse events in mothers and infants during pregnancy and the perinatal period and the HBV motherto- infant transmission blocking rate were compared with the literature. RESULTS: Among the 92 pregnant women, spontaneous abortions occurred in 11 cases, while 3 mothers had a second pregnancy after the initial abortion; 72 mothers delivered 73 live infants, of whom 68 infants were followed up for no less than 6 mo, and 12 mothers were still pregnant. During pregnancy, the main maternal adverse events were vaginitis (12/72, 16.7%), spontaneous abortion (11/95, 11.6%), and gestational diabetes (6/72, 8.3%); only one case had 1-2 degree elevation of the creatine kinase level (195 U/L). During the perinatal period, the main maternal adverse events were premature rupture of the membranes (8/72, 11.1%), preterm delivery (5/72, 6.9%), and meconium staining of the amniotic fluid (4/72, 5.6%). In addition, 2 infants were found to have congenital abnormalities; 1 had a scalp hemangioma that did not change in size until 7 mo, and the other had early cerebral palsy, but with rehabilitation training, the infant's motor functions became totally normal at 2 years of age. The incidence of adverse events among the mothers or abnormalities in the infants was not higher than that of normal mothers or HBV-infected mothers who did not receive lamivudine treatment. In only 2 cases, mother-to-infant transmission blocking failed; the blocking rate was 97.1% (66/68), which was higher than has been previously reported. CONCLUSION: Lamivudine treatment is safe for chronic HBV-infected pregnant mothers and their fetuses with a gestational age of less than 12 wk or throughout the entire pregnancy. © 2012 Baishideng. All rights reserved.
Frequency and clinical significance of placental histological lesions in an unselected population at or near term; Associations between specific placental histological abnormalities and obstetric outcomes are reported. However, most data are based either on high-risk cases or relate to case-control studies selected from those with abnormal placental histology findings, with the unavoidable biases that these approaches entail. This study reports the frequency of the several common, objective and predefined histological abnormalities of the placenta as identified by pathologists blinded to all clinical information. A total 1,153 women were recruited from an unselected population delivering at 34-43 weeks. Histological findings in common obstetric outcome groups were compared to those of the unselected population, and odds ratios and predictive values were calculated. Normal histological findings were present in 72.1% of pregnancies with normal outcomes and in 79.1%, 66.6%, 80%, and 74.8% of pregnancies affected by pre-eclampsia (PET), pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), gestational diabetes (GDM), and small for gestational age (SGA), respectively. Chronic placental underperfusion was seen more frequently in PIH (odds ratio (OR) 2) and SGA (OR 1.4), while villitis of unknown aetiology was observed more commonly in cases with PIH (OR 3.2). Fetal thrombotic vasculopathy was twice as common in cases with GDM whilst massive perivillous fibrin deposition was much more frequent in those with PET (OR 20.2) and SGA (OR 8.9). Chorangiomata were 13 times more common in pregnancies with PET. However, in all cases, positive predictive values were low, with the majority of cases with histological abnormalities being associated with normal outcome. At term, specific placental histological lesions are significantly more common in complicated pregnancies, but the clinical significance of such lesions in a specific case remains uncertain, since the majority will be identified from clinically uncomplicated normal pregnancies. © 2011 Springer-Verlag.
Care of the infant of the diabetic mother; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) from all causes of diabetes is the most common medical complication of pregnancy and is increasing in incidence, particularly as type 2 diabetes continues to increase worldwide. Despite advances in perinatal care, infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) remain at risk for a multitude of physiologic, metabolic, and congenital complications such as preterm birth, macrosomia, asphyxia, respiratory distress, hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, hyperbilirubinemia, polycythemia and hyperviscosity, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, and congenital anomalies, particularly of the central nervous system. Overt type 1 diabetes around conception produces marked risk of embryopathy (neural tube defects, cardiac defects, caudal regression syndrome), whereas later in gestation, severe and unstable type 1 maternal diabetes carries a higher risk of intrauterine growth restriction, asphyxia, and fetal death. IDMs born to mothers with type 2 diabetes are more commonly obese (macrosomic) with milder conditions of the common problems found in IDMs. IDMs from all causes of GDM also are predisposed to later-life risk of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Care of the IDM neonate needs to focus on ensuring adequate cardiorespiratory adaptation at birth, possible birth injuries, maintenance of normal glucose metabolism, and close observation for polycythemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and feeding intolerance. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
How to stay heart healthy in 2011: Considerations for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease in women; More women die of cardiovascular disease than any other cause. Effective primary prevention depends on accurate assessment of risk status. While most risk factors are similar for men and women, risk factors may differ in magnitude between the sexes, and recognition of gender-specific risk factors such as gestational diabetes, hypertensive syndromes of pregnancy and polycystic ovarian syndrome provides opportunities for early intervention and prevention. Obesity, hypertension and hyperlipidemia affect both genders; however, women often postpone addressing these risk factors until later in life. The American Heart Association emphasizes that all women are at cardiovascular risk and should maintain a healthy lifestyle and avoid smoking. Blood pressure, hyperlipidemia and diabetes should be aggressively treated. Current available data regarding proposed preventive drug therapies including daily aspirin, HRT, vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acid supplements will be reviewed. © 2011 Future Medicine Ltd.
Insulin need in gestational diabetes is associated with a worse cardiovascular risk profile after pregnancy; Objective Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treated with insulin are more likely to develop type 2 diabetes after pregnancy compared to mild GDM cases treated with medical nutrition treatment (MNT) alone. We aimed to compare levels of sub clinical atherosclerosis markers in women with previous GDM treated with insulin and MNT alone. Methods Eighty-one women with previous GDM (45 treated with insulin, 36 treated with MNT) and 35 age-matched lean controls were included. Fasting glucose, insulin and lipids, circulating fibrinogen, CRP, PAI-1 and IL-6 levels were assayed. Carotid intima media thickness (IMT) was measured. Results Women with previous GDM treated with insulin in pregnancy had significantly higher fasting glucose, plasma PAI-1 levels and carotid IMT compared to women treated with MNT alone. In multiple regression analysis, insulin need in pregnancy was associated with increased carotid IMT and plasma PAI-1 levels (corrected for age, BMI, postpartum duration, fasting glucose and lipids; model r2=0.132; beta=0.297, p= 0.014 for carotid IMT; model r2=0.198; beta=0.345, p=0.003 for PAI-1). Conclusion Women with previous GDM treated with insulin in pregnancy had a worse cardiovascular risk profile compared to mild GDM patients. An intensive preventive approach for cardiovascular disorders is particularly essential for this subgroup of women. © 2012 The Japanese Society of Internal Medicine.
Managing special populations among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Glycemic goals and the therapies used to achieve them must be individualized for each patient based on several factors, one of the more important being coexisting conditions such as renal disease, liver disease, and cardiovascular disease. The potential to lower hemoglobin A1c and the possible long-term benefits of diabetes treatments must be balanced with safety issues, adverse effects, tolerability, ease of use, long-term adherence, and expense. The American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists and the American Diabetes Association have addressed these concerns by developing treatment guidelines to maximize efficacy and safety in the majority of patients with type 2 diabetes. Other organizations, including the American Medical Directors Association and the American Geriatric Society, have also published guidelines for diabetes management for patients in long-term care facilities. This review discusses the safety profiles of antidiabetic drugs, and the special treatment needs with respect to these drugs for patients with diabetes and comorbidities such as renal disease, liver disease, and cardiovascular disease.
Elevation of sE-selectin levels 2-24 months following gestational diabetes is associated with early cardiometabolic risk in nondiabetic women; Objective. We hypothesised that the endothelial dysfunction is associated with early glucose dysregulation and/or atherosclerosis risk factors in nondiabetic women with a previous history of gestational diabetes (pGDM). Material/Methods. Anthropometric parameters, glucose regulation (OGTT), insulin resistance (HOMA), lipids, biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction, and inflammation were evaluated in 85 women with pGDM and in 40 controls 2-24 months postpartum. Results. The pGDM group consisted of 67 normoglycemic women (pGDM-N) and 33 with prediabetic state (pGDM-P). The BMI, waist circumference, fasting and 2h glucose (OGTT), soluble adhesion molecules, tissue plasminogen activator antigen, high sensitivity C-reactive protein, total-, LDL-cholesterol, and triglycerides/HDL-cholesterol ratio were higher in the pGDM women compared with the controls. After adjustment for BMI and fasting glucose, only higher triglycerides, higher TG/HDL and lower HDL-cholesterol were associated with pGDM. The pGDM-P differed from pGDM-N for only higher triglycerides and TG/HDL. The plasma level of sE-selectin was not independently associated with glucose concentration in pGDM group. sE-selectin level correlated with triglycerides, TG/HDL, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 antigen, and sICAM-1. Conclusions. sE-selectin level correlated with components of metabolic syndrome, but only the atherogenic lipid profile was independently associated with a previous history of GDM in nondiabetic women 2-24 months postpartum. Copyright © 2012 Alina Sokup et al.
Increased fat mass and cardiac septal hypertrophy in newborn infants of mothers with well-controlled diabetes during pregnancy; Background: Improved glycaemic control during pregnancy in mothers with type 1 diabetes (T1DM) and gestational diabetes (GDM) has resulted in a marked reduction of perinatal mortality and morbidity, but the prevalence of macrosomia is usually high. Objective: We used non-invasive anthropometric methods to estimate the body composition and the thickness of the interventricular heart septum in 18 infants of mothers with well-controlled T1DM, 10 infants of mothers with GDM and 28 infants of healthy control mothers matched for gestational age and mode of delivery. Methods: Skinfold measurements were obtained with a Harpenden calliper within 48 h after delivery. Echocardiography was also performed to measure the thickness of the interventricular septum. Cord blood was sampled for assays of C-peptide, leptin and IGF-I. Results: The rates of macrosomia (gestational age-adjusted birth weight >2 standard deviation score, SDS) were 56 and 30% in infants of mothers with T1DM and GDM, respectively, compared to 10% in control infants. The body fat content was 40% (0.2 kg) higher and the interventricular heart septum thickness was increased by 20% in both groups of infants of diabetic mothers. We found no associations between maternal levels of HbA1c during pregnancy and body composition or interventricular heart septum thickness. Cord levels of C-peptide and leptin were significantly higher in infants of T1DM mothers than in control infants. Cord leptin level was associated with birth weight SDS and percent body fat in infants of T1DM mothers. IGF-I was associated with percent body fat in infants of GDM mothers and control mothers. A multiple-regression analysis showed that 50% of the variation in body weight SDS could be determined, with IGF-I, leptin and C-peptide as independent variables. Conclusion: Both fat mass and cardiac septal thickness are increased in newborn infants of women with T1DM and GDM in spite of efforts to achieve good glycaemic control during pregnancy. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Fetoplacental vascular endothelial dysfunction as an early phenomenon in the programming of human adult diseases in subjects born from gestational diabetes mellitus or obesity in pregnancy; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obesity in pregnancy (OP) are pathological conditions associated with placenta vascular dysfunction coursing with metabolic changes at the fetoplacental microvascular and macrovascular endothelium. These alterations are seen as abnormal expression and activity of the cationic amino acid transporters and endothelial nitric oxide synthase isoform, that is, the endothelial L-arginine/nitric oxide signalling pathway. Several studies suggest that the endogenous nucleoside adenosine along with insulin, and potentially arginases, are factors involved in GDM-, but much less information regards their role in OP-associated placental vascular alterations. There is convincing evidence that GDM and OP prone placental endothelium to an altered metabolic state leading to fetal programming evidenced at birth, a phenomenon associated with future development of chronic diseases. In this paper it is suggested that this pathological state could be considered as a metabolic marker that could predict occurrence of diseases in adulthood, such as cardiovascular disease, obesity, diabetes mellitus (including gestational diabetes), and metabolic syndrome. © 2011 Andrea Leiva et al.
Associations of pregnancy complications with calculated cardiovascular disease risk and cardiovascular risk factors in middle age: The avon longitudinal study of parents and children; BACKGROUND-: The nature and contribution of different pregnancy-related complications to future cardiovascular disease (CVD) and its risk factors and the mechanisms underlying these associations remain unclear. METHODS AND RESULTS-: We studied associations of pregnancy diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm delivery, and size for gestational age with calculated 10-year CVD risk (based on the Framingham score) and a wide range of cardiovascular risk factors measured 18 years after pregnancy (mean age at outcome assessment, 48 years) in a prospective cohort of 3416 women. Gestational diabetes mellitus was positively associated with fasting glucose and insulin, even after adjustment for potential confounders, whereas hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were associated with body mass index, waist circumference, blood pressure, lipids, and insulin. Large for gestational age was associated with greater waist circumference and glucose concentrations, whereas small for gestational age and preterm delivery were associated with higher blood pressure. The association with the calculated 10-year CVD risk based on the Framingham prediction score was odds ratio 1.31 (95 confidence interval, 1.11-1.53) for preeclampsia and 1.26 (95 confidence interval, 0.95-1.68) for gestational diabetes mellitus compared with women without preeclampsia and without gestational diabetes mellitus, respectively. CONCLUSIONS-: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and pregnancy diabetes mellitus are independently associated with an increased calculated 10-year CVD risk. Preeclampsia may be the better predictor of future CVD because it was associated with a wider range of cardiovascular risk factors. Our results suggest that pregnancy may be an important opportunity for early identification of women at increased risk of CVD later in life. © 2012 American Heart Association, Inc.
One risk assessment tool for cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and chronic kidney disease; OBJECTIVE - Individuals at high risk for chronic cardiometabolic disease (cardiovascular disease [CVD], type 2 diabetes, and chronic kidney disease [CKD]) share many risk factors and would benefit from early intervention. We developed a nonlaboratory-based risk-assessment tool for identification of people at high cardiometabolic disease risk. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Data of three population-based cohorts from different regions of the Netherlands were merged. Participants were 2,840 men and 3,940 women, white, aged 28-85 years, free from CVD, type 2 diabetes, and CKD diagnosis at baseline. The outcome was developing cardiometabolic disease during 7 years follow-up. RESULTS - Age, BMI, waist circumference, antihypertensive treatment, smoking, family history of myocardial infarction or stroke, and family history of diabetes were significant predictors, whereas former smoking, history of gestational diabetes, and use of lipid-lowering medication were not. The models showed acceptable calibration (Hosmer and Lemeshow statistics, P > 0.05) and discrimination (area under the receiver operating characteristic [ROC] curve 0.82 [95% CI 0.81-0.83] for women and 0.80 [0.78-0.82] for men). Discrimination of individual outcomes was lowest for diabetes (area under the ROC curve 0.70 for men and 0.73 for women) and highest for CVD mortality (0.83 for men and 0.85 for women). CONCLUSIONS - We demonstrate that a single risk stratification tool can identify people at high risk for future CVD, type 2 diabetes, and/or CKD. The present risk-assessment tool can be used for referring the highest risk individuals to health care for further (multivariable) risk assessment and may as such serve as an important part of prevention programs targeting chronic cardiometabolic disease. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association.
Clinico-pathological conference (CPC): Adrenal insufficiency due to chronic granulomatous infiltration with caseous necrosis; We present the case of a 39-year-old woman who came to Hospital Universitario San Vicente de Paúl (HUSVP), in Medellín, Colombia, on July 29, 2010, around the 28th week of her first pregnancy, because of upper abdominal pain during the last 20 days. She had suffered from an ostium secundum atrial sept deffect that was surgically corrected on July 20, 2009. A mild prolapse of the mitral valve was also present. On admission, she was found to have uterine activity for which she had been treated with different drugs, during 13 days, at another institution; medication to induce fetal lung maturation had also been administered. During her hospital stay diagnoses of gestational diabetes and non-immune fetal hydrops were made. At HUSVP she continued to have uterine irritability and abdominal pain, and developed tachycardia and tachypnea. On the third day of stay in the ICU she had a difficult vaginal delivery requiring the use of forceps. After childbirth, she experienced pain in the back and hemodynamic collapse. Despite vasopressor treatment with norepinephrine and vasopressin, she remained acidotic, hypotensive and bracycardic, and died.
Birth defects in newborns and stillborns: An example of the Brazilian reality; Background: This study constitutes a clinical and genetic study of all newborn and stillborn infants with birth defects seen in a period of one year in a medical school hospital located in Brazil. The aims of this study were to estimate the incidence, causes and consequences of the defects. Methods. For all infants we carried out physical assessment, photographic records, analysis of medical records and collection of additional information with the family, besides the karyotypic analysis or molecular tests in indicated cases. Result: The incidence of birth defects was 2.8%. Among them, the etiology was identified in 73.6% (ci95%: 64.4-81.6%). Etiology involving the participation of genetic factors single or associated with environmental factors) was more frequent 94.5%, ci95%: 88.5-98.0%) than those caused exclusively by environmental factors (alcohol in and gestational diabetes mellitus). The conclusive or presumed diagnosis was possible in 85% of the cases. Among them, the isolated congenital heart disease (9.5%) and Down syndrome (9.5%) were the most common, followed by gastroschisis (8.4%), neural tube defects (7.4%) and clubfoot (5.3%). Maternal age, parental consanguinity, exposure to teratogenic agents and family susceptibility were some of the identified risk factors. The most common observed consequences were prolonged hospital stays and death. Conclusions: The current incidence of birth defects among newborns and stillbirths of in our population is similar to those obtained by other studies performed in Brazil and in other underdeveloped countries. Birth defects are one of the major causes leading to lost years of potential life. The study of birth defects in underdeveloped countries should continue. The identification of incidence, risk factors and consequences are essential for planning preventive measures and effective treatments. © 2011 Fett-Conte et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Medical record review to recover missing data in a Portuguese birth cohort: Agreement with self-reported data collected by questionnaire and inter-rater variability; Objectives: To assess the yield of medical record review to recover missing data originally collected by questionnaire, to analyze the agreement between these two data sources and to determine interobserver variability in clinical record review. Methods: We analyzed data from a birth cohort of 8,127 women who were consecutively recruited after giving birth from 2005-2006. Recruitment was conducted at all public maternity units of Porto, Portugal. We reviewed the medical records of 3,657 women with missing data in the baseline questionnaire and assessed agreement between these two sources by using information from participants with data from both sources. Interobserver variability was assessed by using 400 randomly selected clinical records. Results: Data on pregnancy complications and maternal anthropometric parameters were successfully recovered. Agreement between the questionnaire and records in family history data was fair, particularly for cardiovascular disease [k = 0.27; 95% confidence interval (95%CI): 0.23-0.32]. The highest agreement was observed for personal history of diabetes (k = 0.82; 95%CI 0.70-0.93), while agreement for hypertension was moderate (k = 0.60; 95%CI 0.50-0.69). Discrepancies in prepregnancy body mass index classes were observed in 10.3% women. Data were highly consistent between the two reviewers, with the highest agreement found for gestational diabetes (k = 1.00) and birth weight (99.5% concordance). Conclusion: Data from the medical records and questionnaire were concordant with regard to pregnancy and well-known risk factors. The low interobserver variability did not threaten the precision of our data. © 2010 SESPAS.
The role of obesity in the development of polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is one of the common endocrine diseases that affects women in their reproductive age. PCOS has diverse clinical implications that include reproductive (infertility, hyperandrogenism, hirsutism), metabolic (insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases) and psychological features (increased anxiety, depression and worsened quality of life). The exact patho-physiology of PCOS is complex and remains largely unclear. The prevalence of PCOS is estimated at 4-18%, depending on diverse factors discussed ahead. The phenotype varies widely depending on life stage, genotype, ethnicity and environmental factors including lifestyle and body weight. During the last decades, obesity and excess weight are major chronic diseases all around the word. Obesity increases some features of PCOS such as hyperandrogenism, hirsutism, infertility and pregnancy complications. Both obesity and insulin resistance increase diabetes mellitus type 2 and cardiovascular diseases. Moreover, obesity impairs insulin resistance and exacerbates reproductive and metabolic features of PCOS. It is well known that obesity is associated with anovulation, pregnancy loss and late pregnancy complications (pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes). Obesity in PCOS is also linked to failure or delayed response to the various treatments including clomiphene citrate, gonadotropins and laparoscopic ovarian diathermy. It has been reported that, after losing as little as 5 % of initial body weight obese women with PCOS improved spontaneous ovulation rates and spontaneous pregnancy. Therefore, the weight loss prior to conception improves live birth rate in obese women with or without PCOS. The treatment of obesity may include lifestyle therapy (diet and exercise), pharmacological treatment and bariatric surgery. In summary, weight loss is considered the first-line therapy in obese women with PCOS. In the present review, the consequence and treatment of obesity in women with PCOS are discussed. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers.
Gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors in the offspring: Results from a cross-sectional study; Background While the association of gestational diabetes mellitus and abnormal glucose tolerance is beyond doubt, its associations with other cardiovascular disease risk factors in the offspring are less clearly established. Some of these associations, in particular overweight in the offspring, might be confounded by maternal overweight. Methods Data on 12542 children in the age of 3-17years with full information about gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal BMI were available from the German nationwide KiGGS study. We calculated linear and logistic regression models for measurements of body composition, blood pressure, HbA 1c and cholesterol values in the offspring with gestational diabetes mellitus as the explanatory variable, with and without adjustment for maternal BMI. Results The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus in the dataset was 2.2%. Unadjusted regression analyses suggested weak positive effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on body composition measurements [e.g. a mean increase in BMI standard deviation scores (SDS) of 0.17 units (95% confidence interval: 0.03, 0.30)]. After adjustment for maternal BMI, the observed associations almost disappeared [e.g. BMI SDS: 0.07 (-0.06, 0.20)]. With respect to blood pressure and cholesterol, no potential effects of gestational diabetes mellitus were observed in both unadjusted and adjusted models. Conclusion Gestational diabetes mellitus does not appear to have a relevant effect on cardiovascular disease correlates such as blood pressure or cholesterol levels in children, and the potential effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on body composition seems to be widely explainable by maternal BMI. © 2011 The Authors. Diabetic Medicine © 2011 Diabetes UK.
Cellular and molecular mechanisms of metformin: An overview; Considerable efforts have been made since the 1950s to better understand the cellular and molecular mechanisms of action of metformin, a potent antihyperglycaemic agent now recommended as the first-line oral therapy for T2D (Type 2 diabetes). The main effect of this drug from the biguanide family is to acutely decrease hepatic glucose production, mostly through a mild and transient inhibition of the mitochondrial respiratory chain complex I. In addition, the resulting decrease in hepatic energy status activates AMPK (AMP-activated protein kinase), a cellular metabolic sensor, providing a generally accepted mechanism for the action of metformin on hepatic gluconeogenesis. The demonstration that respiratory chain complex I, but not AMPK, is the primary target of metformin was recently strengthened by showing that the metabolic effect of the drug is preserved in liver-specific AMPK-deficient mice. Beyond its effect on glucose metabolism, metformin has been reported to restore ovarian function in PCOS (polycystic ovary syndrome), reduce fatty liver, and to lower microvascular and macrovascular complications associated with T2D. Its use has also recently been suggested as an adjuvant treatment for cancer or gestational diabetes and for the prevention in pre-diabetic populations. These emerging new therapeutic areas for metformin will be reviewed together with recent findings from pharmacogenetic studies linking genetic variations to drug response, a promising new step towards personalized medicine in the treatment of T2D. © The Authors Journal compilation copy; 2012 Biochemical Society.
Motivators and barriers to a healthy postpartum lifestyle in women at increased cardiovascular and metabolic risk: A focus-group study; Objective. To describe the motivators and barriers to the adoption of a healthy postpartum lifestyle after a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, and/or gestational diabetes. Methods. Thirty-six women with complicated pregnancies participated in six focus-group interviews that aimed to explore the perceptions of modifiable determinants of postpartum lifestyle. Results. Although women expressed that they intended to live a healthy postpartum lifestyle, it was generally not achieved. The motivators included improving their own current health condition as well as modeling a healthy lifestyle for their children. Important barriers were reported to be lack of knowledge, poor recovery, and lack of professional support after delivery. Conclusions. The reported motivators and barriers can be used to develop a postpartum lifestyle intervention.
Acute hypopituitarism in a pregnant patient after cardiac gunshot injury; Sheehan's syndrome is a well described entity that refers to hypopituitarism with pituitary infarction secondary to postpartum shock or hemorrhage. Antepartum pituitary infarction is a very rare condition that has been reported only in patients with longstanding type 1 diabetes mellitus or uncontrolled gestational diabetes. A case of severe, acute hypopituitarism in the setting of hemorrhagic shock from a gunshot wound is presented. Our case report highlights the importance of including hypopituitarism in the differential diagnosis of a critically ill parturient. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: Taking it to heart; Globally, cardiovascular disease (CVD) accounts for 1/3 of all deaths to women. While much research identifies the increased risk in CVD associated with pre-diabetes measurements, there is growing interest in the role of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-a condition of glucose intolerance diagnosed during pregnancy-as a potential CVD risk factor. This article reviews existing evidence supporting this association, particularly regarding GDM and type 2 diabetes, hypertension, atherogenic dyslipedmia, and CVD events. Finally, it discusses the research and clinical ramifications of identifying GDM as a CVD risk factor, highlighting the need for more rigorous research on this topic. © 2010 Primary Care Diabetes Europe. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Diabetes; Glycemic control and reduction of cardiovascular disease risk are the major treatment goals for all types of diabetes. In addition to nutritional management (termed medical nutrition therapy [MNT] in the United States), these goals are accomplished through several modalities including a variety of pharmacological agents, close personal and laboratory monitoring, and care provided by a team of health professionals. All of these elements, integrated and coordinated, are essential in the management of diabetes. There is not one diet for individuals with diabetes. Nutritional management should be based on individual assessment and development of an individualized treatment plan. The distribution of macronutrient intake may vary based on a number of factors, including matching insulin to lifestyle in type 1 diabetes (T1D) and weight loss in type 2 diabetes (T2D). Assessing micronutrient status is needed for patients in poor control, with complications, or with other evidence of being at risk. This chapter will discuss the etiology, diagnosis, and attainment of glycemic control (with an emphasis on MNT) of T1D, T2D, and gestational diabetes (GDM). It will then discuss the role of nutrition in the prevention of complications and reduction of chronic disease risk factors for both T1D and T2D and the role of specific dietary components including herbal and other supplements and micronutrients in diabetes care. The chapter will conclude with a discussion of global public health issues relating to diabetes, and research needs and future direction of the role of nutrition in this complex disorder. © 2012 International Life Sciences Institute. Published 2012 by John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Intrapartum cardiotocography (CTG) and ST-analysis of labor in diabetic patients; Aim: To determine the prevalence and types of intrapartum cardiotocography (CTG) patterns and investigate their relationship to moderate acidemia in term fetuses of diabetic mothers. Also, to assess if the combination of fetal electrocardiogram (FECG) and those CTG patterns strengthens the association with moderate acidemia. Material and methods: The material for this study is obtained from the Swedish randomized control trial and the European Union ST-analysis trial. We developed an analytical model for CTG patterns based on the progress in CTG changes, in a longitudinal periodic manner. The model was then combined with information regarding changes in ST interval that indicate threatening asphyxia, and the findings were analyzed to determine correlation with the presence of moderate acidemia at birth. Results: This study involved data of 413 diabetic mothers. A preterminal CTG was more common in the diabetes mellitus (DM) group (6/70, 8.6%) than in the gestational diabetes (GD) group (3/307, 1.0%; P=0.003). For diabetic mothers (i.e., DM+GD) with a normal CTG at the start of monitoring, the presence of FECG data indicating asphyxia significantly increased the likelihood of an umbilical artery pH<7.15 at birth [odds ratio (OR)=3.65, 95% confidence interval (CI)=1.33-10.05]. Among labors where the CTG was non-reassuring at the start of monitoring, no significant association was found between pH<7.15 and indication to intervene according to FECG information (OR=1.51, 95% CI=0.33-7.0). Conclusions: A preterminal CTG is more common in the fetuses of DM than GD mothers during labor. When CTG was normal at the start of recording, the addition of FECG information gave a significant add on information to predict moderate acidemia. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin Boston.
Cardiovascular Disease in Somali Women in the Diaspora; With globalization and transnational migration, there is an increasing need for health systems in destination countries to consider the healthcare needs of diverse immigrant populations. This article reviews the literature on cardiovascular disease and its risk factors in Somali women in the diaspora. Although we found no studies on cardiovascular disease per se, the little extant research demonstrates that Somali women are exposed to multiple risk factors for cardiovascular disease. This important area of research may have been neglected due to an inordinate focus on maternal and reproductive health. We call for a more inclusive approach to Somali women's health that takes into account social and cultural contexts of women's lives while addressing health and illness experienced across the lifespan. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Assessment of arterial stiffness in women with gestational diabetes; Aims Gestational diabetes mellitus may precede development of Type 2 diabetes and may be related to cardiovascular disease. Pulse wave velocity measurement is the gold-standard method to evaluate arterial stiffness, a preclinical cardiovascular risk marker. However, the relationship between aortic stiffness and gestational diabetes is unclear. The aim of this study was to evaluate aortic pulse wave velocity in women with gestational diabetes in comparison with a matched control group of healthy pregnant women. Methods This case-control study included 24 women with gestational diabetes and 27 matched control subjects. Clinical, demographic and laboratory variables were obtained and aortic pulse wave velocity were measured. Results Both groups had similar age, gestational age, BMI, ethnicity, smoking status and blood pressure levels. Women with gestational diabetes had aortic pulse wave velocity comparable with control subjects: 7.2±0.9 vs. 7.3±1.2m/s (P=0.79). When categorized according to the median value of pulse wave velocity (7.3m/s), age (P<0.001), diastolic blood pressure (P=0.03) and heart rate (P=0.02) were associated with increased arterial stiffness. In the group with gestational diabetes, there was a non-significant trend towards higher 1-h postprandial glycaemia in patients with higher (above the median) pulse wave velocity (6.5±0.8 vs. 7.1±1.3mmol/l, P=0.22) and a lower prevalence of patients with good glycaemic control (38.5 vs. 72.7%, P=0.09). Conclusions Although gestational diabetes may be a risk factor for development of cardiovascular disease, women with gestational diabetes do not have higher aortic stiffness than healthy pregnant women. Time of exposure to hyperglycaemia may have been insufficient to increase central arterial stiffness in women with gestational diabetes. © 2012 The Authors. Diabetic Medicine © 2012 Diabetes UK.
Previous gestational diabetes is independently associated with increased carotid intima-media thickness, similarly to metabolic syndrome - a case control study; Background: Women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) face a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes and, consequently, a higher cardiovascular risk. This study aimed to compare the carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) from young women with pGDM to those with metabolic syndrome (MS) and to healthy controls (CG) to verify whether a past history of pGDM could be independently associated with increased cIMT.Methods: This is a cross-sectional study performed in two academic referral centers. Seventy-nine women with pGDM, 30 women with MS, and 60 CG aged between 18 and 47 years were enrolled. They all underwent physical examination and had blood glucose, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLc), and triglycerides determined. The cIMT was measured by ultrasound in several carotid segments. The primary endpoint was cIMT and clinically relevant parameters included as predictors were: age, systolic blood pressure, waist, BMI, total cholesterol, LDLc, triglycerides, fasting glucose, previous history of GDM as a whole group, previous history of GDM without MS, presence of DM, presence of MS, and parity.Results: cIMT was significantly higher in pGDM when compared to CG in all sites of measurements (P < 0.05) except for the right common carotid. The pGDM women showed similar cIMT measurements to MS in all sites of measurements, except for the left carotid bifurcation, where it was significantly higher than MS (P < 0.001). In a multivariate analysis which included classical cardiovascular risk factors and was adjusted for confounders, pGDM was shown to be independently associated with increased composite cIMT (P < 0.01). The pGDM without risk factors further showed similar cIMT to MS (P > 0.05) and an increased cIMT when compared to controls (P < 0.05).Conclusions: Previous GDM was independently associated with increased composite cIMT in this young population, similarly to those with MS and regardless the presence of established cardiovascular risk factors. © 2012 Freire et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Pathogenesis and prevention of type 2 diabetes: Parental determinants, breastfeeding, and early childhood nutrition; Among the factors predisposing to type 2 diabetes in children, adolescents, and young adults, the health and behavior of both the mother and father are critical. Prevention and treatment of parental nutritional disorders (including obesity and malnutrition), promotion of breastfeeding, and avoidance of overfeeding of young children are essential for childhood health and metabolic function. Focusing research and policy on parental influences on childhood health should reduce the risks of obesity and type 2 diabetes in future generations. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
What's new in obstetric anesthesia: The 2011 Gerard W. Ostheimer lecture; The Gerard W. Ostheimer lecture is delivered at the Society for Obstetric Anesthesia and Perinatology Annual Meeting. The lecture provides a comprehensive review of the previous year's literature in obstetric anesthesia, obstetrics, perinatology, and health services research relevant for obstetric anesthesiologists. This article covers several of the major themes that emerged from the 2010 literature. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Perinatal arterial ischemic stroke in Northern Queensland; Objectives Our objective was to review the occurrence, presentation, and associated risk factors of stroke in infants at a tertiary neonatal intensive care unit. Study Design Inpatient electronic records identified infants between March 2002 and March 2011 who had perinatal arterial ischemic stroke. Results Ten infants had perinatal arterial ischemic stroke, 50% were outborn, 20% were indigenous, and mortality was 30%. Median birth weight was 2970 g (range 1699 to 3443 g), and median gestation was 36 weeks (range 32 to 41 weeks). Perinatal arterial ischemic stroke were left sided in three, right sided in three, and bilateral in four. Presentation included four with seizures, four with apnea/sepsis, one with thrombosis, and one without symptoms. In 4 of 10 cases reported in this series, there was a maternal history of gestational diabetes, although the incidence of gestational diabetes in Australia is only 4.5%. Conclusion The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus in our cases appears to be very much higher than the average population. Larger studies are needed to determine if gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for perinatal arterial ischemic stroke. Copyright © 2012 by Thieme Medical.
Programming of adult cardiovascular disease following exposure to late-gestation hyperglycemia; Background: In utero exposure to hyperglycemia is becoming increasingly prevalent as the number of women entering pregnancy with type II diabetes, or developing gestational diabetes, increases. Both animal studies and epidemiologic investigations have found cardiovascular abnormalities in adult offspring of hyperglycemic mothers (OHM). Objective: We hypothesized that adult OHM would have abnormal cardiac function in vivo and increased susceptibility to ischemia. Methods: Pregnant rats were made diabetic on day 12 of gestation. Serum glucose was monitored twice daily and insulin provided to maintain serum glucose at 200-400 mg/dl. Offspring were fostered to normal mothers after birth. Adult OHM were studied at 8-10 months of age with echocardiography to assess in vivo cardiac function and isolated hearts to determine the response to ischemia. Results: Echocardiography found significant diastolic dysfunction in male OHM compared to male controls. In isolated hearts, baseline cardiac function and left ventricular compliance was significantly diminished in male OHM compared to controls. Ischemia caused a significant decline in heart function in controls and female OHM, while function in male OHM remained unchanged. Conclusions: Adult male OHM demonstrate programmed cardiac dysfunction. Given the growing number of pregnancies complicated by hyperglycemia, additional assessment of cardiac function of adults born to diabetic mothers may be warranted. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Physical activity and pregnancy; A physically inactive lifestyle predisposes to a number of chronic disorders such as cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, and cancer. Indeed, physically inactive people have a life span that is 5 years shorter than that of people who are engaged in regular physical activity. There is evidence to support the notion that physical activity has an impact also on pregnancy outcome for mother and child. The prevailing literature clearly indicates that leisure-time physical activity before and/or during pregnancy has a protective effect on the development of gestational diabetes mellitus, whereas the association between physical exercise and preeclampsia is unclear. In addition, regular physical activity does not appear to have a negative impact on the rate of preterm delivery or on birthweight. There is good reason to support the official recommendations stating that pregnant women in the absence of medical or obstetric complications should engage in 30 min or more of daily moderate physical activity. Future research should identify the optimal training dose for pregnant women in general, and for women at risk of, e.g., gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and preeclampsia. In addition, it will be important to identify motivational factors and barriers with regard to being physically active throughout life, whether pregnant or not. © 2012 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. All rights are reserved.
Diet strategies in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome; Improving insulin sensitivity and reducing hyperinsulinemia are essential components of treatment for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Many PCOS patients also show a metabolic syndrome (MetS) which is associated with gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). First-line therapy for PCOS in overweight patients is weight loss which is accompanied by an increase in insulin sensitivity and an improvement of hormonal and metabolic abnormalities. As weight loss strategies show poor compliance and few long-term effects, dietary modifications that enable these improvements without weight loss need to be endorsed. Low fat, high carbohydrate diets do not accomplish that. In contrast a low glycemic and insulinemic (LOGI) diet which focuses on the quality of carbohydrates and a reduction of carbohydrate intake improves hormonal and metabolic abnormalities even in the absence of weight loss. © 2011 Springer-Verlag.
The metabolic syndrome in obstetrics; Objective: To review the features that have Metabolic Syndrome in Obstetrics and describe the management of obese pregnant women. Material and methods: A review updated literature, indicating the diagnostic criteria for SM, with special reference to the complications that can arise when the SM occurs during pregnancy. It also shows the management of obese pregnant women. Results: Emphasize that the SM in pregnancy causes adverse outcomes, including preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, cardiovascular disease, intrauterine growth retardation and fetal death. Similarly, obesity is established, the basic criterion for the existence of SM, also causes significant complications during pregnancy, with increased maternal and fetal morbidity. Conclusions: This demonstrates that there is a high rate of pregnancy complications associated with the presence of SM. Moreover, pregnancy in obese pregnant women should always be considered high risk. © 2010 Elsevier España, S.L.
Congenital cardiopathies screening associated with diabetes mellitus using maternal fructosamine plasma concentration; PURPOSE: to evaluate the importance of maternal plasma concentration of fructosamine as an indicator of fetal congenital cardiopathies in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus. METHODS: this was a retrospective study conducted on 91 pregnant women with diabetes mellitus who underwent routine fetal echocardiography at a university reference center in fetal medicine. Sixty-five patientes who presented pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and plasma fructosamine level were registered in the medical records prior to the ultrasound exam. The first measurement recorded was compared with the result of routine fetal echocardiography, carried out by a specialist physician of the service. The presence or absence of echocardiographic findings of congenital cardiopathies (EFCC) was related to plasma levels of fructosamine by the mean t-test and its accuracy for EFCC was verified by the ROC curve. Plsama fructosamine concentrations of 2.68, 2.9 and 2.23 mmol/L, which are, respectively, the local reference laboratory values, the value of the kit employed for measurement and the one of highest overall accuracy, were discussed as the cut-off values. RESULTS: EFCC was found in52.3% of the fetuses. The first measurement of fructosamine, during the prenatal care period, was performed, on average, at 20.4±8.0 weeks of pregnancy. The maternal concentration ability of the fructosamine to identify fetuses with EFCC was significant (p<0.0001) and had an area under the ROC curve of 0.78 (95%CI=0.66-0.89). The 2.9 mmol/L plasma concentration of fructosamine revealed EFCC with better specificity, but with a higher percentage of false-negative results (96.8 and 55.9%). Values above 2.68 mmol/L were associated with a probability of 4.6 to identify fetuses with EFCC compared with lower values, with 58.8% of sensitivity and 87.1%, specificity. The value of 2.23 mmol/L proved to be the most overall accurate of the three values suggested, with a sensitivity of 88.2% in the identification of fetuses with echocardiographic abnormalities. CONCLUSIONS: it is possible to use a second trimester plasma fructosamine level to refer high risk pregnant women to a reference center of fetal echocardiography. These findings are important for the management of women with diabetes mellitus who initiate late prenatal care.
Lifestyle intervention for prevention of type 2 diabetes in primary health care: One-year follow-up of the finnish national diabetes prevention program (FIN-D2D); OBJECTIVE - To investigate 1-year outcomes of a national diabetes prevention program in Finland. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Altogether 10,149 individuals at high risk for diabetes were identified with the Finnish Diabetes Risk Score (FINDRISC; scoring ≥15 points), by a history of impaired fasting glucose (IFG) or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), cardiovascular disease, or gestational diabetes mellitus in 400 primary health care centers. One-year follow-up data were available for 2,798 participants who were nondiabetic at baseline (919 men and 1,879 women, aged 56.0 ± 9.9 and 54.0 ± 10.7 years [mean ± SD] with BMI 30.9 ± 4.6 and 31.6 ± 5.4 kg/m2). RESULTS - The incidence of diabetes was 2.0 and 1.2% in men and women with normal glucose tolerance at baseline, 13.5 and 7.4% in those with IFG, and 16.1 and 11.3% in those with IGT, respectively. Altogether 17.5% of the subjects lost ≥5% weight with no sex difference. The relative risk of diabetes was 0.31 (95% CI 0.16-0.59) in the group who lost ≥5% weight, 0.72 (0.46-1.13) in the group who lost 2.5-4.9% weight, and 1.10 (0.77-1.58) in the group who gained ≥2.5% compared with the group who maintained weight. CONCLUSIONS - The FIN-D2D was the first national effort to implement the prevention of diabetes in a primary health care setting. Methods for recruiting high-risk subjects were simple and easy to use. Moderate weight loss in this very high-risk group was especially effective in reducing risk of diabetes among those participating in the program. © 2010 by the American Diabetes Association.
Anthropometry and cardiovascular risk factors in women and offspring after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus; Objective. To explore whether there are any differences in cardiovascular risk factors, including anthropometrics, blood pressure and serum glucose between women and offspring after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus, compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. Design. Longitudinal follow-up of mother and child previously recruited to a pregnancy biobank in Norway. Setting. University hospital. Population. Women with a history of preeclampsia (n 23), gestational diabetes mellitus (n 12), diabetes mellitus type 1 (n 11), or controls (n 17), and their respective child were recruited 58 years after the index pregnancy. Methods. Anthropometrics and blood pressures were measured in mother and child. All non-diabetic women underwent an oral glucose challenge test. Main outcome measures. Body mass index, waist circumference, waist to hip ratio, serum glucose, systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Results. Women in the preeclampsia and diabetes mellitus groups had a slightly higher median systolic blood pressure (p < 0.05), and were more often abdominally obese (waist circumference ≥88 cm) compared with controls (p < 0.05). A waist to hip ratio ≥0.85 was more common in the diabetes group compared to the controls (p < 0.01). Fasting serum glucose was higher in the gestational diabetes mellitus group (p < 0.05) compared to controls. A higher proportion of children of mothers with diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia were overweight or obese compared to controls, but the difference was not statistically significant. Conclusions. This clinical study has identified several modifiable risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women and children 58 years after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus. Potential intervention strategies could focus on life style alterations after delivery, with emphasis on weight management. © 2010 Informa Healthcare.
Gestational diabetes leading to diagnosis and management of multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2a; Backgrond: Multiple endocrine neoplasia (MEN) type 2a is an autosomal dominant syndrome caused by specific proto-oncogene mutations characterized by medullary carcinoma of the thyroid, pheochromocytoma, and, occasionally, multiglandular parathyroid hyperplasia, which rarely complicates pregnancy. Secondary diabetes rarely has been reported in association with principal endocrinopathies complicating pregnancy. Case: A 34-year-old primiparous woman with recently diagnosed gestational diabetes had repeated episodes of dizziness at 30 weeks of gestation, initially attributed to glyburide. Continued episodes of dizziness and later-appearing bouts of severe headache, palpitations, diaphoresis, severe hypertension, and marked tachycardia led to diagnosis and management of MEN type 2a complicating pregnancy. Conclusion: Patients with MEN type 2a complicating pregnancy may present with gestational diabetes. © 2010 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Ductus venosus blood flow velocity waveform in diabetic pregnancies; Objective Maternal diabetes during pregnancy is associated with congenital cardiac malformations and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Blood flow in the ductus venosus (DV) has been postulated to reflect cardiac function. The aim of our study was to investigate if diabetic pregnancies exhibit abnormal DV hemodynamics, hence indicating changes in fetal cardiac function. Methods The pulsatility index of the DV (DV-PI) was analyzed retrospectively in 142 diabetic patients and compared to previously published DV-PI reference values from a non-diabetic low-risk population. DV values were then correlated with maternal glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c). Results DV-PI was significantly higher in pregnancies complicated by either pre-existing insulin-dependent (DM) or gestational diabetes when compared with normal reference values. IncreasedDV-PI values were still evident in both diabetic groups when neonates that were small-for-gestational age and neonates with pathological umbilical blood flow pattern were excluded from the analysis. In DM pregnancies a statistically significant correlation was found between DV-PI and maternal HbA1c. Conclusion Diabetic pregnancies exhibit increased DVPI values when compared to a normal low-risk pregnant population, possibly indicating a fetal cardiac effect. © 2010 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Obesity in Pregnancy; Objective: To review the evidence and provide recommendations for the counselling and management of obese parturients. Outcomes: Outcomes evaluated include the impact of maternal obesity on the provision of antenatal and intrapartum care, maternal morbidity and mortality, and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Evidence: Literature was retrieved through searches of Statistics Canada, Medline, and The Cochrane Library on the impact of obesity in pregnancy on antepartum and intrapartum care, maternal morbidity and mortality, obstetrical anaesthesia, and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Results were restricted to systematic reviews, randomized controlled trials/controlled clinical trials, and observational studies. There were no date or language restrictions. Searches were updated on a regular basis and incorporated in the guideline to April 2009. Grey (unpublished) literature was identified through searching the websites of health technology assessment and health technology assessment-related agencies, clinical practice guideline collections, clinical trial registries, and national and international medical specialty societies. Values: The evidence obtained was reviewed and evaluated by the Maternal Fetal Medicine and Clinical Practice Obstetric Committees of the SOGC under the leadership of the principal authors, and recommendations were made according to guidelines developed by the Canadian Task Force on Preventive Health Care. Benefits, Harms, and Costs: Implementation of the recommendations in this guideline should increase recognition of the issues clinicians need to be aware of when managing obese women in pregnancy, improve communication and consultation amongst the obstetrical care team, and encourage federal and provincial agencies to educate Canadians about the values of entering pregnancy with as healthy a weight as possible. Recommendations: 1. Periodic health examinations and other appointments for gynaecologic care prior to pregnancy offer ideal opportunities to raise the issue of weight loss before conception. Women should be encouraged to enter pregnancy with a BMI < 30 kg/m2, and ideally < 25 kg/m2. (III-B)2. BMI should be calculated from pre-pregnancy height and weight. Those with a pre-pregnancy BMI > 30 kg/m2 are considered obese. This information can be helpful in counselling women about pregnancy risks associated with obesity. (II-2B)3. Obese pregnant women should receive counselling about weight gain, nutrition, and food choices. (II-2B). 4. Obese women should be advised that they are at risk for medical complications such as cardiac disease, pulmonary disease, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, and obstructive sleep apnea. Regular exercise during pregnancy may help to reduce some of these risks. (II-2B). 5. Obese women should be advised that their fetus is at an increased risk of congenital abnormalities, and appropriate screening should be done. (II-2B). 6. Obstetric care providers should take BMI into consideration when arranging for fetal anatomic assessment in the second trimester. Anatomic assessment at 20 to 22 weeks may be a better choice for the obese pregnant patient. (II-2B). 7. Obese pregnant women have an increased risk of Caesarean section, and the success of vaginal birth after Caesarean section is decreased. (II-2B). 8. Antenatal consultation with an anaesthesiologist should be considered to review analgesic options and to ensure a plan is in place should a regional anaesthetic be chosen. (III-B). 9. The risk of venous thromboembolism for each obese woman should be evaluated. In some clinical situations, consideration for thromboprophylaxis should be individualized. (III-B). © 2010 Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada.
Cardiometabolic profile of people screened for high risk of type 2 diabetes in a national diabetes prevention programme (FIN-D2D); Aims: To study screening of high-risk individuals as part of a national diabetes prevention programme in primary health care settings in Finland between 2003 and 2007, and evaluate the cardiometabolic risk profile of persons identified for intervention. Methods: High-risk individuals were identified by the Finnish Diabetes Risk Score (FINDRISC), history of impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), cardiovascular disease (CVD), or gestational diabetes. Participants subsequently underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. CVD morbidity risk was estimated by the Framingham Study Risk Equation and CVD mortality risk by the Systematic Coronary Risk Evaluation Formula (SCORE). Results: A high-risk cohort of 10,149 (of whom 30.3% men) was identified (mean age 54.7 for men, 53.0 for women). Altogether 18.8% of men and 11.5% of women had screen-detected diabetes. In total 68.1% of men and 49.4% of women had abnormal glucose tolerance (IFG, IGT or screen-detected diabetes). Furthermore, 43.2% and 41.5% of men, and 13.3% and 11.3% of women, respectively, had a high predicted risk of CVD morbidity or mortality. Conclusion: Prevalence of dysglycemia including undiagnosed diabetes and the predicted risk for CVD was alarmly high in the identified high-risk cohort, particularly in men. © 2010 Primary Care Diabetes Europe.
Pregnancy in type 2 diabetes mellitus - Problems & promises; The parallel epidemics of obesity and Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) are progressing rapidly in Australia. The high prevalence of obesity and sedentary lifestyle in the population, compounded by later child bearing, has led to an increase in the prevalence of T2DM pre-dating pregnancy. In some centers, pregnant women with T2DM now outnumber those with type 1 diabetes (T1DM). Although there is controversy as to whether T2DM is associated with worse outcomes than T1DM in pregnancy, modern reports clearly acknowledge the seriousness of this condition. There is a clear association between obesity and adverse pregnancy outcomes (cesarean section, gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, birth defects and prematurity). Aside from obesity and the metabolic syndrome, additional factors may contribute to these adverse outcomes: A lack of preconception planning, a failure to achieve tight glycaemic control early in pregnancy and socio-economic disadvantage. It's likely that obesity and diabetes have compounding effects on pregnancy outcomes. In this review, we evaluate both the underlying pathogenesis of T2DM and obesity in the pregnancy context and the adverse clinical maternal and perinatal outcomes described in pregnancies complicated by maternal T2DM and obesity. We highlight the need for a comprehensive strategy to improve clinical outcomes in these pregnancies. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
In response to oxidative stress, the expression of inflammatory cytokines and antioxidant enzymes are impaired in placenta, but not adipose tissue, of women with gestational diabetes; In response to oxidative stress, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) placenta releases less 8-isoprostane and tumour necrosis factor (TNF) α. The effect of oxidative stress on other cytokines and antioxidant gene expressions are unknown. The aim of this study is to further explore the antioxidant status and effect of oxidative stress in GDM tissue. Human placenta, omental and subcutaneous adipose tissue from women with and without GDM were exposed to hypoxanthine (HX)/xanthine oxidase (XO). Cytokine release was analysed by ELISA and cytokine and antioxidant gene expression by RT-PCR. Catalase (CAT ) and glutathione reductase (GSR) mRNA expression was higher in GDM (n=18) compared with normal (n=23) placenta. There was no difference in glutathione peroxidase and superoxide dismutase mRNA expression. Antioxidant gene expression was unaltered between normal (n=18) and GDM (n=10) adipose tissue. HX/XO treatment significantly stimulated cytokine release (13/16 cytokines) and cytokine mRNA expression, and decreased antioxidant gene expression (CAT and GSR) in human placenta from normal pregnant women. In GDM placenta, HX/XO only significantly increased the release of 3/16 cytokines, while there was no effect on antioxidant gene expression. In normal and GDM adipose tissues, HX/XO increased proinflammatory cytokine and 8-isoprostane release, while there was no change in antioxidant gene expression. GDM placenta is characterised by increased antioxidant gene expression, and is less responsive to exogenous oxidative stress than tissues obtained from normal pregnant women. This may represent a protective or adaptive mechanism to prevent damage from further oxidative insult in utero as indicated by increased tissue antioxidant expression. © 2010 Society for Endocrinology.
Glucose tolerance status in pregnancy: A window to the future risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in young women; It has long been recognized that the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a population of young women at high risk of developing Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) in the future. In recent years, however, a series of studies have revealed that antepartum glucose tolerance screening, a standard element of current obstetrical care instituted for the purpose of detecting GDM, may provide previously-unrecognized insight into a woman's future risk of metabolic and vascular disease. Indeed, it has emerged that in fact any degree of abnormal glucose tolerance detected on antepartum screening (i.e. not just GDM) predicts an increased future risk of pre-diabetes and diabetes, one that is proportional to the severity of dysglycemia observed in pregnancy. In addition, in the years following the index pregnancy, women with a history of GDM exhibit an enhanced cardiovascular risk profile and ultimately an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD), risks that may similarly extend to women with milder gestational glucose intolerance as well. Thus, by providing a unique window to a woman's risk potential for future metabolic and vascular disease, glucose tolerance testing in pregnancy, as currently practiced, may offer an opportunity for the early identification of high-risk individuals prior to the onset of clinical disease. Ultimately, the insight so derived may inform strategies for postpartum surveillance, risk factor modification, and disease prevention that may eventually lead to a reduction in the burden of T2DM and CVD in women. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Cushing's syndrome in pregnancy with a severe maternal complication: A case report; Cushing's syndrome (CS) in pregnancy may be confused with a complication of pregnancy such as preeclampsia or gestational diabetes. We managed a case of CS in pregnancy that was considered to be severe pre-eclampsia due to uncontrolled hypertension. The fetus was delivered via emergency cesarean section at 31 weeks' gestation because of severe pre-eclampsia and pulmonary edema. The parturient was admitted to the intensive care unit for severe maternal complications, including pulmonary hemorrhage, acute renal failure, disseminated intravascular coagulopathy, and congestive heart failure. A spine magnetic resonance image and 99m-technetium whole-body scan obtained postpartum showed multiple thoracolumbar spine compression fractures (Deleted; t-2,5,8,10,11, and -12; and L-1,2,3,4, and -5), multiple rib fractures, and a left iliac bone fracture due to osteoporosis. As a result of diagnosing CS after delivery, an adrenal cortical adenoma of the right adrenal gland was demonstrated and a laparoscopic adrenalectomy was successfully performed. © 2010 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
The effects of exercise conditioning in normal and overweight pregnant women on blood pressure and heart rate variability; Pre-pregnancy obesity is a risk factor for preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and hypertension. Regular exercise during pregnancy has been shown to decrease the risk of these obstetrical complications. The purpose of this prospective study was to measure the effects of an exercise program in normal-weight and overweight/obese pregnant women on blood pressure (BP) and cardiac autonomic function, determined by heart rate variability (HRV) and baroreflex sensitivity (BRS). Twenty-two sedentary pregnant women, recruited at 20 weeks gestational age (GA), were grouped as normal weight or overweight/obese. They were systematically assigned to an exercise (walking) group or control (nonwalking) group after the first participants were randomly assigned. Women in the walking groups participated in a 16-week, low-intensity walking program. BP, HRV, and BRS were measured at rest and during exercise at the beginning (20 weeks GA) and end (36 weeks GA) of the walking program. Results indicated that women in the control groups (especially overweight women) showed changes in BP, HRV, and BRS over pregnancy that were not seen in the walking group. Overweight women in the control group increased resting systolic BP by 10 mmHg and diastolic BP by 7 mmHg. HRV declined in the control group but not in the walking group. A reduction in BRS and R-R interval at rest was found in all groups except the walking normal-weight group. The results suggest that an exercise program could attenuate the increase in BP and the loss of parasympathetic tone associated with pregnancy, especially in overweight women. © The Author(s) 2010.
Emergency repair of aortic dissection in a 37-week parturient: A case report; Aortic dissection is a life-threatening condition with a 50% mortality rate in the first 48 hours and a 3-month mortality rate of 90% in untreated patients. Aortic dissection is a rare complication of pregnancy, but there is significant morbidity and mortality for the mother and infant. A 43-year-old woman with a 37-week intrauterine pregnancy was admitted to the emergency department 6 hours after the onset of tightness in her throat and neck pain. She described the pain as similar to pain she experienced with a myocardial infarction 2 years previously. Other pertinent history included hypertension, gestational diabetes, coronary artery disease, and a family history of aortic dissection. The patient was initially misdiagnosed. Transthoracic echocardiogram and computed tomography scan revealed a type A thoracic aortic dissection extending into the abdominal aorta. An emergency aortic repair and cesarean section were successfully performed. Recognition of aortic dissection and an evidence-based, collaborative approach to optimize treatment and recovery are vital to the patient's survival. The purpose of this article is to highlight successful management of aortic dissection in a parturient and to broaden the body of literature on the topic.
The challenge of undiagnosed pre-diabetes, diabetes and associated cardiovascular disease; Objective: To present the challenges of undiagnosed pre-diabetes, diabetes and associated cardiovascular disease. Results: A substantial number of people with diabetes and pre-diabetes remain undiagnosed worldwide. Without preventive measures, pre-diabetes progresses to overt diabetes at the rate of approximately 5% per year. Both diabetes and pre-diabetes are associated with vascular complications. Conclusion: Undiagnosed pre-diabetes and diabetes is a major health problem, and we recommend widespread screening for diabetes. An international expert committee has recommended that HbA1c be used for the diagnosis of diabetes. Further studies are needed before HbA1c can be used as a diagnostic test for gestational diabetes. © 2009 International Journal of Diabetes Mellitus.
Coffee, Caffeine, and its effects on cardiovascular health and maternal health; Caffeine is the principal active component of coffee and the effects of coffee consumption are mainly associated to this component. Caffeine is a methylxanthine which acts as antagonist of adenine receptors at the nervous system. A great number of health effects, both beneficial and detrimental, have been associated to caffeine consumption: such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity, hepatic cirrhosis, hepatocellular carcinoma, are included as the main targets. The present work reviews two of the main concerns about coffee and caffeine consumption: cardiovascular disease and maternal health (perinatal period). The general conclusion is that caffeine consumption up to 300 mg/day does not constitute a risk of myocardial infarction, hypertension, or modification of cardiovascular risk markers such as reactive C protein or homocysteine plasmatic levels. Similar conclusions are reached about the maternal health. Moderate caffeine consumption (300 mg/day or less) does not constitute a major risk of less conception, increased gestational diabetes, decrease fetal growth, or congenital defects. However, absence of risk may not be interpreted as a signal to stimulate coffee consumption during pregnancy. Future mothers, which are moderated coffee consumers, may be suggested to continue this consumption during pregnancy, but under medical supervision.
Questionnaire to assess nutritional intake in risk groups; Nutrition assessment methods in German language which consider the variety of available foods in Germany as well as critical intake patterns with regard to the development of the met-abolic syndrome are scarce. A questionnaire to -assess nutritional intake in risk groups (NARI) which has been tested in pilot studies is now available as a standardized instrument for qualitative and semi-quantitative evaluation of groups which are prone to develop the metabolic syndrome, type2 diabetes, gestational diabetes and/or cardiovascular disease over time. The nutrition assessment method includes a semiquantitative Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ85) as well as detailed questions to determine also intakes of supplements and foods which may influence lipid metabolism. The nutrition assessment instrument can be self-filled in by the study population within 30-40minutes and therefore can be realis-ti-cally employed in prospective epidemiological studies with larger cohorts also under time and cost aspects. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Myocardial function in offspring 5-8years after pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia; Preeclampsia and diabetic pregnancies share pathophysiological features suggested to influence epigenetic changes during foetal life with importance for later development and metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. Aim: Our objective was to study the myocardium in offspring after pregnancy complications. Methods: Forty-five children (age 5-8. years) delivered from pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia (n = 25), diabetes mellitus type 1 (n = 8) or gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 12) were included. Fifteen children from uneventful pregnancies served as controls. Myocardial functions of right and left ventricle were examined by conventional Doppler and tissue Doppler imaging (TDI). Results: No major differences were found in the myocardial function between offspring of pregnancy complications and control group. However, the preeclampsia group had smaller hearts, increased heart rate and increased late diastolic velocity (A'-wave) at mitral valve attachments shown by both pulsed wave and colour TDI compared to the control and diabetic groups together (p ≤ 0.01). Conclusion: Children born after preeclampsia may show effects of a negative impact on the heart already at the age of 5 to 8. years. The numbers of examined children were, however, limited. © 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Impact of Gestational Impaired Glucose Tolerance Test (GIGTT) on pregnancy outcome; Objective: To evaluate the impact of impaired GTT on pregnancy outcome, Setting : Al-Jalaa Maternity Hospital, Patients, material & methods: prospective study of 114 pregnant women diagnosed to have GIGTT in the period from Jan.2001 to Dec.2004 , the diagnosis of impaired GTT was performed according to new criteria of Multicentre European Study of European Association for Study of Diabetes ( EASD ) , which recommended higher cut-off values based primarily on 95th percentile after a 75 g OGTT rather than WHO criteria (1985) which were based on non pregnant values ). Controls were obtained by comparing with the next woman to deliver without IGTT. Results : Increased incidence of some pregnancy complications in association with GIGTT e.g. preeclampsia and premature labour ( #3fold ) , caesarean delivery (# 4 fold ) , prelabour rupture of membranes (PLROM ) and bad obstetric history (# 6 fold ) . Increased some neonatal complications with GIGTT e.g. macrosomia and congenital heart disease. Conclusion: IGTT classify the pregnancy as a high risk pregnancy which necessitates special antenatal care for less complications and better outcome.
Insulin resistance and the long-term consequences of polycystic ovary syndrome; In a significant number of women with the polycystic ovary syndrome there is impaired insulin metabolism with hypersecretion of insulin. Insulin resistance is defined as a diminution in the glucose response to a given amount of insulin. Insulin resistance has been implicated in the pathogenesis of many aspects of the syndrome. Hyperinsulinaemia leads to increased production of androgens resulting in anovulatory infertility. Women and particularly obese women with insulin resistance and the polycystic ovary syndrome have an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes and also type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in later life. The women should be counselled about long-term health risks, and obese women with the polycystic ovary syndrome should be periodically screened. Lifestyle modification to reduce weight in obese women and treatment with insulin-sensitising drugs such as metformin in women with glucose intolerance result in the improvement of some metabolic abnormalities and hyperandrogenic disorders with the consequent restoration of normal menstrual and ovulatory function in a significant number of women with polycystic ovaries. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd.
Bisphenol a exposure during pregnancy disrupts glucose homeostasis in mothers and adult male offspring; Background: Bisphenol A (BPA) is a widespread endocrine-disrupting chemical used as the base compound in the manufacture of polycarbonate plastics. In humans, epidemiological evidence has associated BPA exposure in adults with higher risk of type 2 diabetes and heart disease. Objective: We examined the action of environmentally relevant doses of BPA on glucose metabolism in mice during pregnancy and the impact of BPA exposure on these females later in life. We also investigated the consequences of in utero exposure to BPA on metabolic parameters and pancreatic function in offspring. Methods: Pregnant mice were treated with either vehicle or BPA (10 or 100 μg/kg/day) during days 9-16 of gestation. Glucose metabolism experiments were performed on pregnant mice and their offspring. Results: BPA exposure aggravated the insulin resistance produced during pregnancy and was associated with decreased glucose tolerance and increased plasma insulin, triglyceride, and leptin concentrations relative to controls. Insulin-stimulated Akt phosphorylation was reduced in skeletal muscle and liver of BPA-treated pregnant mice relative to controls. BPA exposure during gestation had long-term consequences for mothers: 4 months postpartum, treated females weighed more than untreated females and had higher plasma insulin, leptin, triglyceride, and glycerol levels and greater insulin resistance. At 6 months of age, male offspring exposed in utero had reduced glucose tolerance, increased insulin resistance, and altered blood parameters compared with offspring of untreated mothers. The islets of Langerhans from male offspring presented altered Ca2+ signaling and insulin secretion. BrdU (bromodeoxyuridine) incorporation into insulin-producing cells was reduced in the male progeny, yet β-ell mass was unchanged. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that BPA may contribute to metabolic disorders relevant to glucose homeostasis and that BPA may be a risk factor for diabetes.
Computerized analysis of fetal heart rate in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, intrauterine growth restriction and premature rupture of membranes; Objective.We aimed to compare individual fetal heart rate (FHR) indices, as determined by computer analysis of the tracing, in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension (PIH), intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and premature rupture of membranes (pPROM). Methods.The study population consisted of 100 pregnant women affected by GDM on diet therapy, 100 pregnant women affected by GDM on insulin therapy, 100 pregnant women affected by PIH, 100 pregnant women affected by IUGR, 100 with premature rupture of membranes far from the term (pPROM) and 100 normal pregnancies matched for age, parity and gestation as controls. The 30-min FHR tracing was analyzed by computer. Results.Baseline FHR, the duration of episodes of low variation and short-term variation was significantly higher in pregnancies complicated by gestational diseases than in controls; only in PIH, IUGR and pPROM were a significant reduction of the numbers of fetal movements. Conclusions.Our study demonstrates that pregnancies complicated by gestational diseases do an impact on FHR. The alteration is slight but evident; it reflects fetal well-being. Computerized FHR tracing analysis may improve the clinical care and the timing of delivery. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd.
Prenatal prevention of childhood obesity; Currently, epidemiological and experimental data are being intensively discussed which indicate that exposures during prenatal life have lifelong consequences for the risk of developing obesity and subsequent metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. In this context, observations in offspring of mothers with diabetes during pregnancy as well as studies in children with low birth weight were most influential. This paper illustrates the current knowledge on perinatal programming of obesity and associated diseases and discusses possible aetiopathogenic mechanisms, focussing on epidemiological and animal studies on the consequences of exposure to maternal obesity/diabetes and prenatal undernutrition. The resultant far-reaching potential for primary prevention of chronic diseases as well as the paradigmatic character of these hypotheses and observations for the general understanding of health and disease are highlighted. © Springer-Verlag 2010.
Correlates of the metabolic syndrome among a sample of women in the san juan metropolitan area of puerto rico; Background: The metabolic syndrome is an interaction of risk factors that may lead to cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Methods: Given the need for data in Puerto Rico, this cross-sectional study aimed to determine the association between demographic, lifestyles, and reproductive characteristics and the metabolic syndrome among a sample of women (N = 564) in the San Juan Metropolitan Area. The metabolic syndrome was defined based on the revised National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP ATP III) criteria. Results: In multivariate logistic regression models, women aged 40-59 and 60-79 years were 3.03 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.70, 5.40] and 7.05 (95% CI, 3.69, 13.49) times more likely, respectively, to have the metabolic syndrome as compared to those aged 21-39 years. A dose-response relationship was also observed between body mass index (BMI) and metabolic syndrome. Physical activity reduced the odds for metabolic syndrome [prevalence odds ratios (POR) = 0.64; 95% CI, 0.41, 1.01]; however, this association was marginally significant (P = 0.05). Among reproductive characteristics, only women who had a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) were 2.14 (95% CI, 1.02, 4.51) times more likely to have metabolic syndrome. Conclusions: Consistent with previous studies, increased age and BMI, physical inactivity, and GDM are associated with the metabolic syndrome in this population. This information is relevant for the development of preventive interventions for the metabolic syndrome. Copyright 2010, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
IFPA Award in Placentology Lecture: Complicated interactions between genes and the environment in placentation, pregnancy outcome and long term health; Most research on the developmental origins of health and disease has implicated poor nutrition in the fetus, most often conferred by deficiencies in maternal nutrition, as an important causal factor that programmes offspring physiology for adult disease. Emerging evidence implicates interactions between genes and the environment that may help to explain why poor growth before birth is associated with a variety of adult onset diseases that appear in different individuals of the same birthweight. However, it is underappreciated that the placenta, particularly trophoblast invasion, is key to health of both the mother and child in both the short and long term and that the role of the father is more important than perhaps ever expected. Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is but one of a continuum of several pregnancy complications that may be related and that may reflect the long term health of both parents and offspring. These include preeclampsia, pre-term birth and gestational diabetes, as well as IUGR. Polymorphisms in genes that regulate how the placenta invades maternal tissues, differentiates and functions and how the mother adapts to pregnancy have been identified as candidates that confer risk to pregnancy success. Potentially, pregnancy provides a window that gives clues to modifiable risk factors that should be addressed early to ameliorate late adult disease. Placentation and trophoblast invasion and its inhibitors in other species may provide new ideas for understanding what goes wrong in human pregnancy. Placentologists and clinicians may usefully collaborate to identify factors that predict risk for pregnancy complications and poor health later in life. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular risk in postmenopausal women with the polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the commonest endocrine disorders, affecting 5-10% of the female population of reproductive age. "Classic" PCOS is characterized by clinical or biochemical hyperandrogenism and oligo-ovulation. According to the 2003 Rotterdam criteria, two additional phenotypes are recognized: (1) the ovulatory patient with androgen excess and polycystic ovarian morphology and (2) the anovulatory patient with polycystic ovarian morphology without androgen excess. PCOS is associated with an adverse cardiometabolic profile, consisting of increased total or central adiposity, increased blood pressure, a pro-atherogenic lipid profile, increased inflammatory markers, insulin resistance and abnormal glucose metabolism. Furthermore, the incidence of overt or gestational diabetes mellitus, as well as of preeclampsia is significantly higher in PCOS patients. Among the various PCOS phenotypes, those with evidence of androgen excess have the highest burden of cardiovascular risk. Studies evaluating the incidence of cardiovascular disease in postmenopausal women with PCOS are extremely sparse. The available data so far indicate that coronary heart disease, as well as cerebrovascular disease is more common in postmenopausal PCOS patients. Persisting high androgen levels through the menopause, obesity and maturity onset diabetes mellitus are proposed as the main mechanisms accounting for the increased risk. © 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Diabetes; In 2009 a novel screening strategy for diabetes based on the level of glycated hemoglobin has been proposed by the main international organizations, with a diagnostic threshold of 6,5%. The preventive efficacy of multiple risk factor control in type 2 diabetes reflected by the low rate of cardiac events in the DIAD 2 study calls for a revision of the current recommendations for coronary disease screening. In gestational diabetes, the linear correlation between degree of hyperglycemia and risk of associated complications in the HAPO study strenghtens the therapeutic targets for this frequent condition, which identifies women at high future risk of diabetes. No conclusive evidence for an increased risk of cancer associated with insulin glargin remains when taking into account all the data currently available on this topic.
Parity and risk of later-life maternal cardiovascular disease; Background: Prior studies relating parity with maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) have been performed in relatively small study samples without accounting for pregnancy-related complications associated with CVD. Methods: We examined the associations between parity and maternal risk of later-life CVD in a population-based cohort study using data from the Swedish population registers. Women born from 1932 to 1955 were followed until the occurrence of CVD, death, emigration, or end of follow-up (December 31, 2005). Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate associations between parity and risk of CVD accounting for birth year, yearly income, education level, country of birth, hypertension (pregestational hypertension or gestational hypertension, with or without proteinuria), diabetes (type 1, type 2, or gestational diabetes), preterm birth, small for gestational age, and stillbirth. Results: During a median follow-up time of 9.5 years (range 0-23.5), there were 65,204 CVD events in the full sample of women. Among 1,332,062 women, parity was associated with CVD in a J-shaped fashion, with 2 births representing the nadir of risk (global P value < .0001). Upon accounting for pregnancy-related complications in a subset of women with at least 1 childbirth after 1973 (n = 590,725), the association of parity with CVD was similar. Compared with women with 2 childbirths, the multivariable-adjusted hazard ratios (95% CIs) for women with 1 and ≥5 births were 1.09 (1.03-1.15) and 1.47 (1.37-1.57), respectively. Conclusions: In conclusion, parity was associated with incident maternal CVD in a J-shaped fashion, even after accounting for socioeconomic factors and pregnancy-related complications. © 2010 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Assessment of mean platelet volume of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance as a marker of future cardiovascular disease risk; Objective To assess the platelet count and mean platelet volume (MPV) of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) to find out whether GDM and GIGT are risk factors for future development of cardiovascular disease. Study design A 50-g oral glucose load (OGL) was administered to all participants and heamotologic parameters were studied at 24-28 gestational weeks. When plasma glucose ≥ 140 mg/dl (7.8 mmol/L) was measured following the OGL, a 100 g-3-h oral glucose tolerance test was undertaken. Results A significant difference was observed for MPV values between the GDM and normal OGL groups. Conclusion Presence of a high MPV in GDM could demonstrate an increase in the risk for current and future thrombotic complications. © The Author(s), 2010.
Computerized analysis of fetal heart rate in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective.We evaluated the value of computerized cardiotocography (cCTG) in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Purpose of study.We studied fetal heart rate (FHR) recordings from 100 pregnant women affected by GDM on diet therapy, 60 pregnant women affected by GDM on insulin therapy and 100 normal pregnant controls. The results were compared among the groups and related to neonatal umbilical artery cord blood analysis at birth. Research design and methods.Baseline FHR and the duration of episodes of low variation were significantly higher in diabetic than in controls and were negatively related to umbilical artery glycemia at birth, whereas the short-term variation in diabetics was significantly lower than in controls and was positively related to. Conclusions.Our study demonstrates that GDM does impact FHR. The alteration is slight but evident; it reflects fetal well being and correlate with neonatal reactivity. Only cCTG may allow to detect those slight but significant differences. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd.
Obstetrical care in gestational diabetes and management of preterm labor; Objectives: Search for data necessary to elaborate recommendations for obstetrical care in gestational diabetes and management of preterm labor. Methods: Systematic review of the literature and levels of evidence. Results: In case of gestational diabetes and in the absence of disease or other risk factor associated, there is no evidence to support a systematic rate of clinical follow up different from other pregnancy. The relevance of ultrasound estimates of fetal weight is limited. No formula is superior to others or to the simple measurement of abdominal circumference for the prediction of macrosomia (EL3). The usefulness of the research septal hypertrophy is not demonstrated (EL4). The systematic application of umbilical Doppler has no proven benefits in the absence of growth restriction or hypertension associated (EL4). Monthly ultrasound monitoring of the fetus can be proposed for diabetics on insulin or poorly controlled. In cases of gestational diabetes controlled by diet, cardiotocography of fetal heart rate has not proven useful. In poorly controlled diabetes and/or on insulin, the registration may be discussed taking into account other risk factors associated (EL4). A weekly recording of fetal heart rate is often recommanded in case of type 2 diabetes discovered during pregnancy. In case of preterm labor, calcium channel blockers and oxytocin antagonists can be used without specific precautions. The risk of using beta-adrenergic outweighs the benefit. Administration of corticosteroid can be done under glycemic control, with insulin therapy if necessary. Screening test for gestational diabetes should not be performed within few days after last steroid injection. © 2010 Elsevier Masson SAS. Tous droits réservés.
Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy; Introduction: Diabetes Mellitus is a common medical complication during pregnancy with maternal and fetal complications including complications specific to pregestational diabetes like nephropathy and ketoacidodis. Gestational diabetes is defined as carbohydrate intolerance resulting in hyperglycemia of variable severity with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. Strategies of screening are controversial. A single glucose challenge test with 75 g of oral glucose load and diagnosing GDM if 2 hour PPG is > 140 mg/dL is recommended by WHO. The tenets of management are: diet; exercise; insulin therapy; ? Oral hypoglycemic. While there is no controversy about the need for strict fetal surveillance in diabetes,the most appropriate modality remains controversial with a combination approach being advocated by most experts. Induction is planned around 38 weeks. If EFW > 4.5kg-elective LSCS. If the EFW is 4-4.5kg, additional risk factors for shoulder dystocia should be considered. Current status of ohas: Use in pregnancy after first trimester is safe. In first trimester, main problem is degree of hyperglycemia not the drug. Glyburide is the only drug which does not cross placenta (RCT studied).
The fetal and maternal consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a type of diabetes that presents during pregnancy and usually disappears shortly after a woman gives birth. Better recognition of the risk factors of GDM, combined with more universal screening for the disease in many countries, has led to the increased detection of GDM along with other forms of pregestational diabetes. There is growing evidence that GDM significantly increases the risk of a number of short- and long-term adverse consequences for the fetus and mother, the most significant of which is a predisposition to the development of metabolic syndrome and Type 2 diabetes. Maternal and childhood obesity as well as cardiovascular disease are also potential long-term consequences of GDM. On the other hand, there is a growing body of evidence suggesting that the risk of many of these consequences can be significantly reduced or eliminated by aggressive treatment of GDM. There remains, however, a great deal of controversy over when to begin screening for hyperglycemia in pregnancy and at what level of hyperglycemia should aggressive intervention be initiated. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd.
Controversies in gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and controversy are old friends. However, several major studies in the field have clarified some of the main issues. There is now no doubt that hyperglycaemia, at levels less than those that occur in overt diabetes, is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as large-for-gestational age infants, neonatal hyperinsulinism, neonatal hypoglycaemia and pre-eclampsia. We also have evidence now that a standard approach to GDM with diagnosis at 24-28 weeks, dietary advice, self-monitoring of blood glucose and insulin therapy as needed reduces these adverse perinatal outcomes. Unknown, however, is if this same approach is effective at reducing long-term risks of metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in both the mothers and babies. For example, could our management strategies miss critical time points of fuel-mediated injury to the foetus important for the baby's long-term metabolic health? The implications of a recent international consensus statement on new diagnostic criteria for GDM are discussed, as well as issues relating to the timing of diagnosis. The potential place for a risk calculator for adverse outcomes in GDM pregnancy that takes into account glycaemic and non-glycaemic risk factors is considered. Such a tool could help stratify GDM women to different levels of care. Ongoing issues relating to maternal glycaemic and foetal growth targets, and the use of oral hypoglycaemic agents in GDM are discussed. To resolve some of the remaining controversies, further carefully designed randomised controlled trials in GDM with long-term follow-up of both mothers and babies are necessary. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes is associated with higher adiposity and insulin resistance and clustering of cardiovascular risk markers in Indian children; OBJECTIVE- To test the hypothesis that maternal gestational diabetes increases cardiovascular risk markers in Indian children. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS- Anthropometry, blood pressure, and glucose/ insulin concentrations were measured in 514 children at 5 and 9.5 years of age (35 offspring of diabetic mothers [ODMs], 39 offspring of diabetic fathers [ODFs]). Children of nondiabetic parents were control subjects. RESULTS- At age 9.5 years, female ODMs had larger skinfolds (P < 0.001), higher glucose (30 min) and insulin concentrations, and higher homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) of insulin resistance and systolic blood pressure (P < 0.05) than control subjects. Male ODMs had higher HOMA (P < 0.01). Associations were stronger than at age 5 years. Female ODFs had larger skinfolds and male ODFs had higher HOMA (P < 0.05) than control subjects; associations were weaker than for ODMs. Associations between outcomes in control subjects and parental BMI, glucose, and insulin concentrations were similar for mothers and fathers. CONCLUSIONS- The intrauterine environment experienced by ODMs increases diabetes and cardiovascular risk over genetic factors; the effects strengthen during childhood. © 2010 by the American Diabetes Association.
Metabolic syndrome and polycystic ovary syndrome; The consequences of PCOS are the subject of constant research, yet a number of scientific reports underline the fact that in women with PCOS, there appear higher risk of glucose intolerance and diabetes type 2, hypertension, dislipidemia and atherosclerosis. The effects of PCOS reach beyond women's reproductive axis. Metabolic syndrome occurs in 43-46% of patients with PCOS, which constitutes two times more than in women population. Insuline resistance and hyperinsulinemia are key disorders in both syndromes. Obesity, gestational diabetes, positive family history of diabetes type 2 and metabolic syndrome constitute a risk factor for metabolic disorder development in patients with PCOS. Farmacological treatment of PCO syndrome depends on dominating symptoms and patient's current needs taking into account her reproductive status. For a long time, medicines which reduce insuline resistance have been used to treat PCOS, in ovulation stimulation as well as in improvement of metabolic disorders. Insuline sensitivity improvement via reduction of body weight (diet, physical exercises) and choosing active lifestyle appears to be a standard.
Polycystic ovary syndrome: A biopsychosocial understanding in young women to improve knowledge and treatment options; Aim.To assess psychological features in young women with and without PCOS. Methods.Observational, cross-sectional pilot study in young women aged 1825 with (n=24) or without (n=22) PCOS (age: 22.41±0.39 vs. 21.95±0.47 years, p=0.46; BMI: 29.17±1.54 vs. 22.05±0.83kg/m2, p=0.0003). The main outcome measures were quality of life, anxiety, depression, risk perception and fears on future health. Results.Women with PCOS demonstrated worsened quality of life (p=0.033) and greater anxiety (p=0.01) and depression (p=0.023) than women without PCOS related to BMI status. Women with PCOS were more likely to perceive themselves as at risk of obesity (p=0.012) and infertility (p<0.0001), and perceived greater importance in reducing future risk of prediabetes (p=0.027), gestational diabetes (p=0.039), type 2 diabetes (p=0.01), heart disease (p0.005), obesity (p0.0007) and infertility (p=0.023) than women without PCOS. Women with PCOS were more likely to have fears about future health related to weight gain (p=0.045), loss of femininity (p=0.035), loss of sexuality (p=0.003) and infertility (p=0.019) than women without PCOS. Conclusions.Worsened quality of life, anxiety and depression in young women with PCOS is related to BMI. Risk perception is appropriately high in PCOS, yet perceived risks of future metabolic complications are less common than those related to weight gain and infertility.
Obstetricians cannot detect FH sounds, and Mom’s cyanotic: What’s an anesthesiologist to do?; The case During the early hours of the morning, you get a call to get yourself immediately to room 1 in the labor and delivery suite. On arrival, you find an apparently term, obese patient in bed. She looks blue and is foaming at the mouth. She is thrashing about and impeding attempts to keep a mask on her face and to secure intravenous access. For the same reasons, you have no way of getting a blood pressure or pulse oximeter reading, but heart rate on the electrocardiogram (ECG) tracing shows sinus tachycardia at 150–160 beats per minute. You are told that the patient ate dinner, got short of breath, her water broke, and she started having contractions at home. She came to the emergency department and was sent to labor and delivery right away, and now there are no detectable fetal heart tones. Your obstetrician colleague tells you that clinic notes on the patient indicate that she is at 40 weeks' gestation and has gestational diabetes mellitus, but there is no indication that she has preeclampsia. The patient's belly is tilted to the left while the obstetrics (OB) team is desperately looking for fetal heart motion. Someone manages to get intravenous access and is told to guard it with her life. While the patient turns a darker shade of blue and is losing consciousness, despite oxygen being delivered by Ambu-bag, you attempt to suction whitish foam from the patient's mouth while she bites the Yankauer. © Cambridge University Press 2010.
A fetal dilated and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy associated with maternal gestational diabetes - A case report; There is an increased risk of a hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and congenital heart defects among newborns of diabetic mothers. We report a case of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy preceded with dilated cardiomyopathy in a fetus of a diabetic mother. The fetal echocardiography at the 23rd week of gestation revealed signs of dilated cardiomyopathy with signs of cardiac failure. Under the echocardiographic monitoring the successful treatment was performed. In spite of poor prognosis, the child was born at the 39th gestation week in a good condition.
Inflammation, adipokines, and gestational diabetes mellitus; Chronic subclinical inflammation and dysregulation of adipocyte-derived proteins (adipokines) have emerged as novel, non-traditional risk factors for both type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Since GDM is associated with future risk of both of these conditions, study of these novel risk factors in women with GDM has grown. Indeed, these factors may potentially contribute to (i) the development of GDM in affected women, and (ii) their future risk of type 2 diabetes and vascular disease. This chapter reviews current evidence linking inflammation and adipokine dysregulation to GDM, both during and after pregnancy. © 2010 Springer-Verlag London Limited.
Glucose intolerance in pregnancy and postpartum risk of metabolic syndrome in young women; Context/Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and even mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy are both associated with increased risks of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the future. Because the metabolic syndrome also identifies patients at risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, we hypothesized that gestational dysglycemia may be associated with an unrecognized latent metabolic syndrome. Thus, we sought to evaluate the relationship between gestational glucose tolerance status and postpartum risk of metabolic syndrome. Design/Setting/Participants: In this prospective cohort study, 487 women underwent oral glucose tolerance testing in pregnancy and cardiometabolic characterization at 3 months postpartum. The antepartum testing defined three gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 137); gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) (n = 91); and normal glucose tolerance (NGT) (n = 259). Main Outcome Measure: The primary outcome was the presence of the metabolic syndrome at 3 months postpartum, as defined by International Diabetes Federation (IDF) and American Heart Association/National Heart Lung and Blood Institute (AHA/NHLBI) criteria, respectively. Results: The postpartum prevalence of IDF metabolic syndrome progressively increased from NGT (10.0%) to GIGT (17.6%) to GDM (20.0%) (overall P = 0.016). The same progression was observed for AHA/NHLBI metabolic syndrome (NGT, 8.9%; GIGT, 15.4%; and GDM, 16.8%; overall P = 0.046). Onlogistic regression analysis, both GDM (odds ratio, 2.05;95% confidence interval, 1.07-3.94)and GIGT (odds ratio, 2.16; 95% confidence interval, 1.05-4.42) independently predicted postpartum metabolic syndrome. Conclusions: Both GDM and mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy predict an increased likelihood of metabolic syndrome at 3 months postpartum, supporting the concept that women with gestational dysglycemia may have an underlying latent metabolic syndrome. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society.
High-saturated-fat diet induces gestational diabetes and placental vasculopathy in C57BL/6 mice; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a commonly encountered disorder of mid to late pregnancy that is characterized by hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and impaired glucose tolerance. Gestational diabetes mellitus is thought to be multifactorial in origin and derives from both genetic and environmental factors. However, the mechanisms underlying GDM are incompletely understood; and current GDM animal models do not appear to closely mimic the clinical situation in humans. The present study used environmental exposure to high-saturated-fat diet (HFD) in an effort to develop a GDM mouse model that closely simulates metabolic abnormalities seen in human GDM. This model was then used to determine the contributions of HFD-induced placental oxidative stress (OS) and vascular dysregulation, which are observed in GDM patients and are believed to contribute to the pathogenesis of the disease. Pathologic manifestations of the disease were quantified by evaluating the extent of placental lipid peroxidation and by determining protective effects of dietary antioxidant quercetin supplementation to reduce HFD-associated placental OS. In this study, female C57BL/6 mice were fed HFD for 1 month before conception and throughout gestation to mimic chronic maternal fast food consumption. Maternal body weight increased from gestation day (GD) 0 to GD19 by 41% with HFD, as compared with 23% in control dams; HFD dams also developed insulin resistance (66% increase in plasma insulin and 27% increase in plasma glucose levels by GD10) as compared with control dams. Placentas from HFD GD19 dams demonstrated loss of trophoblasts and OS-mediated labyrinthine endothelial cellular damage, the latter of which was prevented with quercetin supplementation. Our findings suggest that prenatal HFD alters glucose metabolism and elevates placental OS, which are believed to collectively relate to improper formation of the conceptus and impaired birth outcome. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The association of adverse pregnancy events and cardiovascular disease in women 50 years of age and older; Objective: This study investigates the association between a prior history of pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease (CVD) among Kentucky women aged ≥50 years. Methods: Data were analyzed from participants (n=3909) in the Kentucky Women's Health Registry (2006-2008). Primary outcomes were self-reported prevalence of CVD, including angina, heart attack, heart failure, and arrhythmia. Pregnancy complications used as predictors were preterm labor, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and third trimester bleeding. Logistic regression analyses were conducted to determine associations between prevalence of CVD and pregnancy complications, controlling for age, education, and smoking status. Results: Overall, 199 (5.1%) women reported angina, 79 (2.0%) reported heart attack, 44 (1.1%) reported heart failure, and 642 (16.4%) reported arrhythmia. One pregnancy complication was reported by 614 (15.7%) women, and two or more complications were reported by 130 (3.3%) women. In regression models adjusting for age, education, and smoking, compared to women who were never pregnant, women with no pregnancy complications had a similar risk of reporting heart attack (odds ratio [OR] 1.2, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.5-2.7), but women with one pregnancy complication (OR 2.5, 95% CI 1.03-6.0) and two or more complications (OR 4.2, 95% CI 1.4-10.6) had an increased risk. Similar results were seen for angina and arrhythmia, but not heart failure. Conclusions: Women who experience pregnancy complications are more likely to report prevalent CVD (including angina, heart attack, and arrhythmia), suggesting a link between adverse pregnancy events and CVD. Pregnancy complications may serve as signals for future CVD, presenting an opportunity for early intervention and prevention. © 2011, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Maternal obesity: Implications for pregnancy outcome and long-term risks-A link to maternal nutrition; As obesity becomes a worldwide epidemic, its prevalence during reproductive age is also increased. Alarming reports state that two-thirds of adults in the USA are overweight or obese, with half of them in the latter category, and the rate of obese pregnant women is estimated at 18-38%. These women are of major concern to women's health providers because they encounter numerous pregnancy-related complications. Obesity-related reproductive health complications range from infertility to a wide spectrum of diseases such as hypertensive disorders, coagulopathies, gestational diabetes mellitus, respiratory complications, and fetal complications such as large-for- gestational-age infants, congenital malformations, stillbirth, and shoulder dystocia. Recent reports suggest that obesity during pregnancy can be a risk factor for developing obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases in the newborn later in life. This review will address the implication of obesity on pregnancy and child health, and explore recent literature on obesity during pregnancy. © 2011 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Preferences for postpartum lifestyle counseling among women sharing an increased cardiovascular and metabolic risk: A focus group study; Objective. To describe women's preferences for postpartum lifestyle counseling after a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, and/or gestational diabetes. Methods. Thirty-six women who had experienced these pregnancy complications participated in six focus group interviews. Results. All women expressed a need for participation in postpartum lifestyle counseling. They preferred participation to be tailored to individual preferences. A combination of face-to-face counseling supported by computer-tailored lifestyle advice appealed to them. Conclusion. Postpartum lifestyle counseling aimed at these women should be tailored to individual needs and preferences. © 2011 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc.
The early origins of later obesity: Pathways and mechanisms; Excess bodyweight is the sixth most important risk factor contributing to the overall burden of disease worldwide. In excess of a billion adults and 10% of all children are now classified as overweight or obese. The main adverse consequences of obesity are the metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes and a diminished average life expectancy. It has been argued that the complex pathological processes underlying obesity reflect environmental and genetic interactions, and individuals from disadvantaged communities seem to have greater risks than more affluent individuals partly because of fetal and postnatal programming interactions. Abundant evidence indicates that the obesity epidemic reflects progressive secular and age-related decreases in physical activity, together with passive over-consumption of energy dense foods despite neurobiological processes designed to regulate energy balance. The difficulty in treating obesity, however, highlights the deficits in our current understanding of the pathophysiology which underlies the initiation and chronic nature of this disorder. Large population based studies in Europe and North America in healthy women and in women with gestational diabetes have demonstrated that there are clear relationships between maternal and fetal nutrient supply, fetal growth patterns and the subsequent risk of obesity and glucose intolerance in childhood and adult life. In this review we discuss the impact of fetal nutrition on the biology of the developing adipocyte and brain and the growing evidence base supporting an intergenerational cycle of obesity. © Springer Science + Business Media B.V. 2009.
Breastfeeding and diabetes; The present review outlines the role of breastfeeding in diabetes. In the mother, breastfeeding has been suggested to reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus, the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease. Moreover, it appears to reduce the risk of premenopausal breast cancer and ovarian cancer. In the neonate and infant, among other benefits, lactation confers protection from future both type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Whether lactation protects women with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring from future T2DM remains to be answered. Importantly, for diabetic mothers, antidiabetic treatment itself may affect breastfeeding. There is not enough data to allow the use of oral hypoglycaemic agents. Therefore, insulin currently remains the optimal antidiabetic treatment during lactation. In conclusion, breastfeeding could be considered a modifiable risk factor for the development of diabetes and even a potential protective lifestyle measure from future cardio-metabolic and malignant diseases. Therefore, health care professionals should encourage both women with and without diabetes to breastfeed their children. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Chronic hypertension in pregnancy; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Chronic hypertension is frequent in pregnant women as well. The objective of this review is to evaluate the maternal characteristics, pregnancy complications and birth outcomes including congenital abnormalities of pregnant women with chronic hypertension by reviewing the results of published studies and mainly the data of the population-based data set of the Hungarian Case-Control Surveillance System of Congenital Abnormalities. A second aim of the review is to examine the efficacy of antihypertensive drug treatments in the reduction of pregnancy-associated risks in women with chronic hypertension. RECENT FINDINGS: Pregnant women with treated chronic hypertension had a higher risk - beyond the well known pre-eclampsia and low birthweight newborns - of threatened abortion and preterm delivery, placental disorders and gestational diabetes. In addition a higher risk of hypospadias in one and of esophageal atresia/stenosis in another study was found in the children of pregnant women with chronic hypertension. These latter findings are signals which need confirmation or rejection in other studies. SUMMARY: The present antihypertensive treatments do not neutralize the harm of severe chronic hypertension in pregnant women and in their offspring, thus it is necessary to introduce more effective drug combinations for the treatment of pregnant women with severe chronic hypertension. © 2011 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Previous gestational diabetes impairs long-term endothelial function in a mouse model of complicated pregnancy; Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitis (GDM) display endothelial dysfunction up to 1 yr after pregnancy, despite a return to normoglycemia. It is unknown whether this dysfunction was preexisting or whether GDM pregnancy leads to long-term endothelial dysfunction. A mouse model that spontaneously develops GDM (Leprdb/+) was used to determine whether the endothelial dysfunction that develops during GDM is evident in later life. Heterozygous and wild-type (WT) controls were allowed to litter once, then age to 9-10 mo, and were compared with virgin controls. Vascular function of small mesenteric arteries was assessed using wire myography. Concentration response curves to the thromboxane A2 mimetic U46619 and the endothelium-dependent vasodilator methacholine were constructed. Superoxide production and peroxynitrite formation was also measured. Mice with previous GDM displayed blood glucose concentrations similar to previously pregnant WT mice (8.0 ± 0.1 vs. 7.1 ± 0.3 mmol/l, P > 0.05). Arteries from mice with previous GDM displayed increased sensitivity to U46619 (EC50 5.2 ± 0.7 vs. 45.2 ± 1.0 nmol/l, P < 0.01) and impaired endothelium-dependent relaxation compared with WT controls (29 ± 8 vs. 58 ± 16 percent relaxation, P < 0.05). This was associated with increased superoxide production (93.3 ± 2.3 vs. 64.6 ± 1.6 mean fluorescence intensity, P < 0.001) and increased peroxynitrite formation (173.5 ± 11.0 vs. 57.4 ± 16.2 mean fluorescence intensity, P < 0.01) compared with virgin controls. In summary, endothelial dysfunction was evident in mice with previous GDM compared with previously healthy pregnant mice or virgin controls. These data suggest that GDM affects endothelial function and may contribute to an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Copyright © 2010 the American Physiological Society.
Hypertension Complicating Diabetic Pregnancies: Pathophysiology, Management, and Controversies; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), including pre-existing hypertension, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia, further complicate already high-risk pregnancies in women with diabetes mellitus (DM). Women with both pre-existing and gestational diabetes are at increased risk for HDP, leading to higher maternal and fetal morbidity. Further, particularly in diabetic women and women with a history of gestational diabetes, HDP significantly increases the risk for future cardiovascular events. For clinicians, women with hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy pose a management challenge. Specifically, preconception management should stress strict control of glycemia, blood pressure, and prevention of diabetic complications, specifically nephropathy, which specifically increases the risk for preeclampsia. During gestation, clinicians must be aware of potential maternal and fetal complications associated with various anti-hypertensive therapies, including known fetotoxicity of ACE inhibitors and ARBs when given in the 2nd or 3rd trimester, and the risks and benefits of expectant management versus delivery in cases of severe gestational hypertension or preeclampsia. Indeed, diabetic women must be followed closely prior to conception and throughout gestation to minimize the risk of HDP and its associated complications. © 2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Body weight - The importance of getting it right 'before' becoming pregnant; Although the use of folic acid supplements before and in the early stages of pregnancy is becoming increasingly well known, messages about the importance of obtaining a healthy body weight 'before' becoming pregnant do not appear to be as widely known and significantly add to financial stains placed upon health services. For women, being overweight or obese can reduce fertility, and increase the risk of developing gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and delivery complications in pregnancy. Equally, being underweight before becoming pregnancy can has its own health implications, including increased risk of small-for-gestational age (SGA) deliveries. Consequently, body weights outside recommended reference ranges before pregnancy may contribute to a cycle of poor intergenerational health. Health interventions are needed to help women obtain a healthy bodyweight and educate them about the importance of eating a healthy diet 'before' becoming pregnant. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Duration of lactation and incidence of the metabolic syndrome in women of reproductive age according to gestational diabetes mellitus status: A 20-year prospective study in CARDIA (Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults); OBJECTIVE - The objective of the study was to prospectively assess the association between lactation duration and incidence of the metabolic syndrome among women of reproductive age. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Participants were 1,399 women (39% black, aged 18-30 years) in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study, an ongoing multicenter, population-based, prospective observational cohort study conducted in the U.S. Women were nulliparous and free of the metabolic syndrome at baseline (1985-1986) and before subsequent pregnancies, and reexamined 7, 10, 15, and/or 20 years after baseline. Incident metabolic syndrome case participants were identified according to National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP ATP III) criteria. Complementary log-log models estimated relative hazards of incident metabolic syndrome among time-dependent lactation duration categories by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) adjusted for age, race, study center, baseline covariates (BMI, metabolic syndrome components, education, smoking, physical activity), and time-dependent parity. RESULTS - Among 704 parous women (620 non-GDM, 84 GDM), there were 120 incident metabolic syndrome case participants in 9,993 person-years (overall incidence rate 12.0 per 1,000 person-years; 10.8 for non-GDM, 22.1 for GDM). Increased lactation duration was associated with lower crude metabolic syndrome incidence rates from 0-1 month through >9 months (P < 0.001). Fully adjusted relative hazards showed that risk reductions associated with longer lactation were stronger among GDM (relative hazard range 0.14-0.56; P = 0.03) than non-GDM groups (relative hazard range 0.44-0.61; P = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS - Longer duration of lactation was associated with lower incidence of the metabolic syndrome years after weaning among women with a history of GDM and without GDM, controlling for preconception measurements, BMI, and sociodemographic and lifestyle traits. Lactation may have persistent favorable effects on women's cardiometabolic health. © 2010 by the American Diabetes Association.
Gestational diabetes: Risks, management, and treatment options; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is commonly defined as glucose intolerance first recognized during pregnancy. Diagnostic criteria for GDM have changed over the decades, and several definitions are currently used; recent recommendations may increase the prevalence of GDM to as high as one of five pregnancies. Perinatal complications associated with GDM include hypertensive disorders, preterm delivery, shoulder dystocia, stillbirths, clinical neonatal hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and cesarean deliveries. Postpartum complications include obesity and impaired glucose tolerance in the offspring and diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the mothers. Management strategies increasingly emphasize optimal management of fetal growth and weight. Monitoring of glucose, fetal stress, and fetal weight through ultrasound combined with maternal weight management, medical nutritional therapy, physical activity, and pharmacotherapy can decrease comorbidities associated with GDM. Consensus is lacking on ideal glucose targets, degree of caloric restriction and content, algorithms for pharmacotherapy, and in particular, the use of oral medications and insulin analogs in lieu of human insulin. Postpartum glucose screening and initiation of healthy lifestyle behaviors, including exercise, adequate fruit and vegetable intake, breastfeeding, and contraception, are encouraged to decrease rates of future glucose intolerance in mothers and offspring.© 2010 Kim, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.
Perioperative management of obese parturients; Obesity is a public health problem that continues to rise despite preventive strategies. There is an association between excessive body weight and various diseases, particularly cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus type 2, sleepapnoea, certain types of cancer, and osteoarthritis. Obesity adds to anaesthetic mortality and morbidity as well.The incidence of obesity in pregnant population is also on the rise. These patients pose considerable challenges to Obstetriciansand Anaesthetists not only with increased co-morbidities but they also need higher level of technical skills. Obeseparturients are at increased risk of superimposed antenatal disease such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Theyhave a tendency to labour abnormally, contributing to increased instrumental delivery and caesarean sections. Thus,obesity is associated with increased perioperative morbidity and mortality.These patients should have multidisciplinary assessment involving midwives, obstetricians and anaesthetists to plan theirperinatal care. Midwives must prepare for this epidemic and must endeavour to help women who want to lose weight anddispel the myth that this cannot be achieved safely during pregnancy. In spite of technical difficulties, regional anaesthesiamay reduce anaesthesia-related morbidity and mortality. Effective pain relief, chest physiotherapy and early mobilisationshould be included in postoperative care. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Fetal out come in caesarean section after abnormal cardiotocography; Background: Cardio-tocography (some times known as electronic fetal heart rate monitoring) record changes in fetal heart rate and their temporal relationship to uterine contraction. Cardio-tocography is the most commonly used test for ante-partum and intra-partum fetal surveillance because it gives information about fetal cerebral activity via cerebro-cardiac response, which is modified by hypoxia. Objective: To determine the correlation between abnormal CTG pattern and fetal outcome in patients delivered by caesarean section. Study design: Descriptive study. Place and duration of study: This study was carried out at department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Postgraduate Medical Institute, Lahore General Hospital, Lahore from April 1st, 2007 to March 31 st, 2008. Methodology: Two hundred consecutive patients with abnormal CTG delivered by Caesarean section were selected for study. Both labor and non-labor patients were included. Interpretation of CTG was done based on FIGO recommendation (1987) and was labeled as normal, suspicious and abnormal trace. Pregnancy outcome and neonatal data were obtained from delivery notes and neonatal charts and findings were correlated with fetal heart rate trace. Results: Out of 100 abnormal CTG, 68% had tachycardia, 76% had absent or reduced variability, 58% had decelerations and 20% had fetal bradycardia. The abnormal out come was highest in heart rate deceleration group. 10% babies were shifted to NICU. 9% developed neonatal complications including meconium aspiration syndrome 3%, early onset sepsis4%, and neonatal encephalopathy 2% while 91% babies had no neonatal complications. Abbreviations: CTG: Cardiotocography, FIGO: International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics, FHR: Fetal heart rate, NICU: Neonatal intensive care unit, GDM: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, PROM: Pre-labor rupture of membranes, IUGR: Intra uterine growth retardation, SD: Standard deviation, CNS: Central nervous system. Conclusion: CTG can be continued as good screening test of fetal surveillance but it is not the sole criteria to influence the management of high risk pregnancies. Abnormal CTG should be supplemented with other test before intervention.
Current trends in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome with desire for children; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), one of the most frequent endocrine diseases, affects approximately 5%-10% of women of childbearing age and constitutes the most common cause of female sterility regardless of the need or not for treatment, a change in lifestyle is essential for the treatment to work and ovulation to be restored. Obesity is the principal reason for modifying lifestyle since its reduction improves ovulation and the capacity for pregnancy and lowers the risk of miscarriage and later complications that may occur during pregnancy (gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, etc). When lifestyle modification is not sufficient, the first step in ovulation induction is clomiphene citrate. The second-step recommendation is either exogenous gonadotrophins or laparoscopic ovarian surgery. Recommended third-line treatment is in vitro fertilization. Metformin use in PCOS should be restricted to women with glucose intolerance. © 2009 Sastre et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.
The maternal and fetal impacts of obesity and gestational diabetes on pregnancy outcome; Obesity has reached pandemic proportions and is of growing concern worldwide. Adverse health outcomes associated with a raised body mass index present the greatest challenge currently facing clinicians across all disciplines. Obesity is a chronic illness which is associated with metabolic disease, nutritional deficiency, musculoskeletal complications and cancer. These obesity-related health issues extend to pregnancy where they are responsible for producing a variety of medical and obstetric complications resulting in an increased incidence of maternal and fetal adverse outcomes. Management of diet, gestational diabetes and gestational and inter-gestational weight may improve outcomes in women who are obese during pregnancy. Specific recommendations for the management of obesity in pregnancy have recently been published. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Vitamin D and pregnancy: An old problem revisited; Vitamin D has historically been considered to play a role solely in bone and calcium metabolism. Human disease associations and basic physiological studies suggest that vitamin D deficiency is plausibly implicated in adverse health outcomes including mortality, malignancy, cardiovascular disease, immune functioning and glucose metabolism. There is considerable evidence that low maternal levels of 25 hydroxyvitamin D are associated with adverse outcomes for both mother and fetus in pregnancy as well as the neonate and child. Vitamin D deficiency during pregnancy has been linked with a number of maternal problems including infertility, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and an increased rate of caesarean section. Likewise, for the child, there is an association with small size, impaired growth and skeletal problems in infancy, neonatal hypocalcaemia and seizures, and an increased risk of HIV transmission. Other childhood disease associations include type 1 diabetes and effects on immune tolerance. The optimal concentration of 25 hydroxyvitamin D is unknown and compounded by difficulties in defining the normal range. Whilst there is suggestive physiological evidence to support a causal role for many of the associations, whether vitamin D deficiency is a marker of poor health or the underlying aetiological problem is unclear. Randomised controlled trials of vitamin D supplementation with an appropriate assessment of a variety of health outcomes are required. © 2010 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Outcomes in women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus. Screening and prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Literature review; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are characterized by a high risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (X 7), metabolic syndrome (X 2 to 5) and cardiovascular diseases (X 1,7). Women with lesser degrees of glucose intolerance share the same risks. T2DM may occur from postpartum (5 to 14%) to several years later, up to 25 years. Some factors associated with T2DM are identified: obesity, early diagnostic before 24 weeks, high pregnancy OGTT blood glucose or insulinotherapy. Screening for T2DM only with fasting glucose provides less sensibility than with OGTT; HbA1c may supplant these dosages. The recurrence rate of GDM is between 30 and 84%, non-white ethnicity and insulinotherapy during GDM being the best proven predictors. High risk women need repeated life-long screenings for glycemic abnomalies, or when another pregnancy is planned. Among overweight or obese women with history of GDM who show minor glycoregulation disturbances, it is proved that modifications of lifestyle in intensive programs or metformin halve the risk of DT2. However, studies analysing practices show low adhesion to screening; without an intensive program, few women implement lifestyle modifications. These intensive programs should be implemented and proposed to high-risk women. Their therapeutic education should also include prevention of cardiovascular risk factors. © 2010 Elsevier Masson SAS. Tous droits réservés.
Change of cardiac reserve during abnormal pregnancy and its evaluation; Objective: To investigate the change of cardiac reserve during abnormal pregnancy and explore its evaluation methods. Methods: Totally 96 women with abnormal pregnancies (AP group), 356 women with normal pregnancies (NP group), and 100 women of childbearing age (CBA group) were monitored by the exercise cardiac contractility monitor (ECCM). Phonocardiogram of participants at resting status was recorded by ECCM. The amplitude of first heart sound (S1), the amplitude of second heart sound (S2), cardiac cycle, diastolic duration (D), and systolic duration (S) were detected and then the S1/S2 ratio, the D/S ratio, and heart rate (HR) were calculated. Results: Compared with the CBA group, S1/S2 ratio and HR were significantly higher and D/S was significantly lower in both AP group and NP group (all P < 0.001). Compared with the NP group, S1/S2 ratio and HR were significantly higher in AP group and D/S was significnatly lower (all P < 0.001). A D/S ratio less than 1.1 or S1/S2 ratio higher than 1.8 was associated with higher risk of poor pregnancy outcomes. Among four common pregnancy-associated abnormalities, the level of cardiac reserve was lowest in eclampsia, followed by twins, gestational diabetes mellitus, and gestational hypertension. Conclusions: Cardiac reserve is mobilized during pregnancy, and is especially during the abnormal pregnancies due to the heavy cardiac burden. S1/S2 ratio, D/S ratio, and HR are useful in evaluating the cardiac reserve during abnormal pregnancy.
Serum platelet-activating factor acetylhydrolase activity: Relationship with metabolic syndrome in women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective.The aim of this study was to evaluate plasma platelet-activating factor acetylhydrolase (PAF-AH) activity in euglycaemic women with history of gestational diabetes (GDM), and to explore whether this activity is associated with metabolic syndrome (MS) in this group of women. Methods.The cross-sectional study included 36 women with history of GDM and 40 women with history of normal glucose tolerance in pregnancy (control group). Results.Compared to the controls, the GDM group had significantly higher mean values for serum glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR, triglyceride, GGT and plasma PAF-AH activity, and a statistically higher prevalence of MS. Within the GDM group, women diagnosed with MS had significantly higher PAF-AH activity than those without MS (p=0.002). Conclusion.This is the first study to have shown that plasma PAF-AH activity and GGT levels may be significant for evaluating atherosclerosis risk and metabolic hepatic damage in women with history of GDM. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd.
Metformin: An important tool for endocrinology in the West Indies. New tricks for an old drug; Against the backdrop of an obesity pandemic, comes an increasing prevalence of metabolic (e.g. type 2 diabetes mellitus) and reproductive abnormalities (e.g. polycystic ovarian syndrome) mediated by the phenomenon of insulin resistance. Metformin is an inexpensive and widely available drug which partly through an insulin sensitising action has an antidiabetic action with unique cardioprotective effects and which has value in preventing progression of pre-diabetes to diabetes. Despite mounting favourable data its role in polycystic ovarian syndrome remains unsettled. The recent finding for its safety and efficacy in gestational diabetes, however, will no doubt lift concerns over its use in women in the reproductive age group. One immediate result would be its earlier and greater therapeutic application in under-resourced environments where cost and emotional barriers to insulin exist. © 2009 The Author(s).
Pregnancy complications in women with heart disease; Objective.To identify pregnancy complications of women with heart disease delivering at a university hospital. Methods.A retrospective study was carried out of 193 pregnant women with heart disease delivered at a university hospital between January 1997 and December 2006. Results.Rheumatic heart disease (RHD), congenital heart disease (CHD), arrhythmia and cardiomyopathy were observed in 133 (68.9), 26 (13.5), 32 (16.6) and 2 (1) cases, respectively. Obstetric complication was found in 27 (14) cases that was composed of preterm delivery (11.4), gestational diabetes (1), pregnancy induced hypertension (1) and postpartum hemorrhage (0.5). Cardiac complication was observed in 24 (12.4) cases. Congestive heart failure was the most common cardiac complication which observed in 11 (5.7) cases. There were four (2.1 ) maternal deaths, three cases in CHD group and one case in RHD group. Preterm infant was observed in 22 (11.4) cases. Thirteen percent had low birth weight and 8.3 were small for gestational age. There were no perinatal deaths or congenital anomalies. Conclusion.Form this study, RHD with pregnancy is still predominant. The most common obstetric complication was preterm delivery. The most common cardiac complication was congestive heart failure. © 2010 Informa UK, Ltd.
Following in mother's footsteps? Mother-daughter risks for insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease 15 years after gestational diabetes; Aims: To determine effects on mothers and daughters of gestational diabetes mellitus/gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GDM/GIGT) on their future metabolic and cardiovascular risks. Methods: Case mothers who had GDM/GIGT in pregnancy (cases; n = 90) and normoglycaemic control women (n = 99) and their daughters underwent lifestyle assessment and metabolic tests 15-years post-partum. Results: Prevalence of glucose intolerance (GI) in daughters was 1.1%. Maternal prevalence was 44.4% in cases compared to 13.1% in controls, with conversion best predicted by weight gain. Case daughters had higher insulin resistance (IR) and greater waist circumference (WC) (51.2%) relative to control daughters (36.4%, p < 0.05) made worse if case mothers became GI at follow-up (65%) (relative risk =1.8; 95% confidence interval 1.2-2.9). In multivariable linear regression analyses adjusting for daughters' birthweight, maternal obesity (> 30.0 kg/m2) at 15years and mothers' case-control status were strong predictors of daughters' WC (p < 0.01; P < 0.01, respectively). For daughters' body mass index (BMI) percentile and percentage of body fat, maternal obesity was a stronger predictor (p < 0.01; p < 0.001)) than mothers' case-control status (p < 0.01; P = 0.09). Conclusions: GDM/GIGT pregnancies led to increased conversion to GI in mothers, minimal in daughters. Case daughters have increased risk of central adiposity and insulin resistance, whereas maternal obesity strongly predicted daughters' BMI percentile and per cent of body fat. Controlling hyperglycaemia in pregnancy and family weight management may provide the key to preventing offspring obesity and glucose intolerance post GDM/GIGT. © 2010 The Authors.
Cardiac diseases in pregnancy - A review; Cardiac diseases complicate 1% to 4% of pregnancies in women without preexisting cardiac abnormalities. Major hemodynamic alterations occur during pregnancy, labor, and delivery and the postpartum period. The American Heart Association no longer recommends antibiotic prophylaxis for the prevention of bacterial endocarditis during genitourinary procedures, such as vaginal delivery and cesarean section, including high-risk patients. Preeclampsia and eclampsia have been linked to the future development of cardiovascular disease. Emerging risk factors for future cardiovascular disease in women include maternal obesity and gestational diabetes. Familiarity with the treatment of commonly encountered cardiac diseases during pregnancy is becoming increasingly important for internists and cardiologists as they join the team of obstetricians and anesthesiologists in the care of these complicated patients.This review is an effort to appraise about the various types of cardiac diseases in pregnancy, their implications on the maternal and fetal outcome, long-term effects on the woman.
First trimester serum neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin in gestational diabetes; Aims Neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) is highly expressed in damaged epithelia, during inflammation and cardiovascular disease. Soluble NGAL was measured in women who subsequently developed gestational diabetes. Methods From a cohort of 908 pregnant outpatients who participated in a screening programme for Down's syndrome at 9-12 weeks of gestation, we considered all 41 women with a singleton pregnancy, who developed gestational diabetes in the previous 12 months, and a control group of 82 normal pregnancies. Circulating NGAL and insulin resistance by homeostasis model assessment ratio (HOMA-IR) were determined in the first trimester. Results Median serum NGAL concentrations were higher in the gestational diabetes group [51.3 ng/ml (39.8-66.1 ng/ml)] compared with the control group [17.8 ng/ml (15.5-20.9 ng/ml)] (P < 0.001) and positively correlated with HOMA-IR (P < 0.001). Conclusions In the first trimester, circulating NGAL was significantly increased in women who subsequently developed gestational diabetes compared with the control group. © 2009 Diabetes UK.
Cardiovascular disease in women: Challenge of the middle years; Although heart disease remains the primary cause of death among women of all races and ethnic groups in the United States, many women are still unaware of these facts. Health care providers may also not be aware. Lack of awareness among providers may limit or delay the education and intervention to prevent future cardiovascular disease for women in their middle years. In addition, the metabolic syndrome may develop in these years of a woman's life because of today's lifestyle issues and the reported increases in obesity. The appearance of the metabolic syndrome already places a woman in a precarious position for the development of risk factors such as frank hypertension and diabetes. The metabolic syndrome presents an opportunity for providers to enhance surveillance and to educate their patients in the prevention of future events. Complications of pregnancy may also foreshadow the development of hypertension as well as type 2 diabetes mellitus later in life. Some investigators consider pregnancy as an excursion into the metabolic syndrome and as a failed "stress test," if complications such as gestational diabetes or preeclampsia develop. The emergence of those complications may give a more recognized prediction of future cardiovascular events. All primary care providers, including obstetricians and gynecologists, need to be alert as to the follow-up of these women, and incorporate continued vigilance within the standard office visit including waist measurement, annual lipid measurement, glucose monitoring, blood pressure assessment, and intense education and referrals when needed. Copyright © 2011 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Telomere length, pre-eclampsia, and gestational diabetes; Background. Telomere length is a marker of cumulative damage to the cell, and has been associated with cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and diabetes. Findings. The association of telomere length with pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was examined in a nested case-control study. Circulating leukocyte telomere length was measured by Quantitative-PCR. Mean and median telomere length among cases and controls was compared, and logistic regression was used to model the outcomes as a function of tertile telomere length, with control for effects of potential confounders. Mean telomere length in pre-eclampsia cases was 0.77 (SD 0.14), in GDM cases was 0.73 (SD 0.10), and in controls was 0.74 (SD 0.14). The adjusted odds ratio comparing the highest tertile to the lowest for pre-eclampsia was 0.92 (0.15-5.46), and for gestational diabetes was 0.65 (0.13-3.34). Conclusions. Further study is necessary to determine if telomere length is associated with these pregnancy complications. © 2010 Harville et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Polycystic ovary syndrome - Analysis of guidelines, and the role of ultrasound examination in the diagnosis of PCOS; The polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common endocrinopathy among women in the reproductive age. Features of PCOS are : elevated level of male hormones (hyperandrogenism ), oligoovulation or anovulation and the characteristic appearance of ovaries in ultrasound examination. PCOS can be diagnosed after elimination of other syndromes with hyperandrogenism. PCOS is also related with higher than in general population risk of metabolic syndrome, diabetes mellitus type II, cardiovascular diseases and endometrial carcinoma. This disease may also lead to appear some complications during pregnancy mainly to miscarriages, pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH), preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus. Ultrasound examination is the most widely used method for evaluation of the ovarian morphology in case of patients with manifestations of PCOS. The most often evaluated parameters during ultrasound examination of ovary are the volume of ovary and the number of follicles inside the ovary. The three-dimensional ultrasonography enables greater accuracy of the measurement than the standard two dimensional method. It is highly probable that the new computer programmes for calculating like VOCAL or Sono AVC will be very useful for the measurement of the volume of whole ovary, stroma of ovary and follicles. Therapy of PCOS differs depending on the result the patient and physician want to achieve - ovulatory cycles and pregnancy or just reduction of the symptoms. Methods of treatment are reduction of the body weight, therapy with estrogen-progesterone, metformine, clomiphene citrate and surgical treatment mainly laparoscopic. © GinPolMedProject.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension, but not gestational diabetes mellitus, is a risk factor for venous thromboembolism in pregnancy; Background and Objectives: The aim of this study was to identify the association of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with the development of venous thromboembolism (VTE). Subjects and Methods: This was a retrospective study of 57,009 pregnancies during 2002-2008 at Cheil General Hospital, Kwandong University. The diagnosis of VTE {deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism (PE)} was based on clot visualization via ultrasound or computed tomography. Results: In total, 27 cases (PE, 20 cases) were detected. The incidence of VTE was 0.47 per 1,000 pregnancies. To determine risk factors associated with pregnancy-induced VTE, univariate analysis using a chi-square test was performed. Cesarean (C)-section, multiple pregnancy, PIH, placenta previa, and assisted reproduction technique (ART) were statistically significant compared to the controls (all, p=0.000). However, age, premature rupture of membrane, and GDM were not statistically related to VTE. Logistic regression analysis was used to calculate the odds ratios for the risk factors. Placenta previa showed a 12.6-fold higher risk, while PIH had a 9.8-fold higher risk for the occurrence of VTE. C-section and ART procedures increased the risk of VTE by 4.2 times compared to that of the controls. Conclusion: Placenta previa and PIH were significant risk factors for VTE, whereas the known traditional risk factors of increased age and GDM were not found to be associated with VTE. Copyright © 2011 The Korean Society of Cardiology.
Primary atherothrombotic occlusive vascular events in premenopausal women with history of adverse pregnancy outcome; Objective: To determine if adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with atherothrombotic occlusive vascular disease (AOVD) in premenopausal women. Design: Retrospective matched case-control study. Setting: Tertiary, university-affiliated medical center. Population: Women aged less than 50 years treated for an AOVD (primary cerebrovascular, myocardial, or peripheral arterial ischemic event) from 1995 to 2004. Method: The files were reviewed for classical risk factors for AOVD and complications of pregnancy (abortions, pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), fetal loss and preterm delivery). Findings were compared with healthy women matched for age and body mass index. Main outcome measures: Past pregnancy complications in premenopausal women with AOVD. Results: Of the 101 women with AOVD, 53 had a myocardial ischemic event, 33 a cerebrovascular event, and 15 a peripheral ischemic arterial event. On multivariate analysis, IUGR (OR 8.41, 95% CI 2.36-29.9, p = 0.001) and more than one pregnancy complication (OR 13.7, 95% CI 1.56-120, p = 0.02) were found to be independent significant variables associated with AOVD. Conclusion: IUGR and composite pregnancy complications are independent significant variables associated with AOVD in premenopausal period. Pregnancy outcome might serve as a means to identify patients who may require increased medical surveillance and preventive measures for later vascular disease. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Long-term significance following hypertension in pregnancy; Obstetricians have long known that women with pregnancies complicated by medical diseases such as diabetes, renal insufficiency, and hypertension are at increased risk for common obstetrical complications such as preeclampsia, preterm birth, and fetal growth abnormalities. With the exception of gestational diabetes, conventional wisdom long held that pregnancy complications were self-limited and the implications of obstetrical complications on future maternal life have been largely overlooked. As such, research has traditionally focused upon the link between adult-onset chronic diseases of the offspring during pregnancies complicated by fetal disorders like intrauterine growth restriction and macrosomia (the “fetal programing” hypothesis) [1]. A growing body of research now suggests a new concern; that obstetrical conditions such as preeclampsia should be viewed as risk factors for later cardiovascular disease (CVD) and should be used in a similar fashion as family history and body mass index. Perhaps events during pregnancy may be used as a “crystal ball” to peer into the future and identification of pregnancy complications by primary care physicians may be a unique screening opportunity for future care [2]. Preeclampsia and later-life cardiovascular disease: observational data Until recently, most authorities believed that preeclampsia was not associated with significant long-term health problems. However, the National High Blood Pressure Education Program's Working Group on High Blood Pressure during Pregnancy has asserted that unusual circumstances, such as recurrent hypertension in pregnancy, preeclampsia in a multiparous woman, or early-onset disease in any pregnancy, may be associated with future health risks © Cambridge University Press 2010.
Mother's sinus tachycardia as a cause of unrecognized fetal death; Late fetal death was and still is a very sad and disappointing outcome of pregnancy. However, today, with all the classic and modern facilities at our disposal, it is really unacceptable that late fetal death remains unrecognized by qualified medical professionals at the beginning of labor. The authors have decided to present such an extremely rare case of unrecognized fetal death at the 39th week of singleton pregnancy in 19 years old primipara with sinus tachycardia which was recorded by external electronic fetal heart monitoring and mistakenly interpreted as normal fetal heart rate. The lack of timely diagnosis of gestational diabetes probably had resulted in undesirable fetal complications such as metabolic disorders, macrosomia and intrauterine fetal death, caused by fetal hypoxia and acidosis. Analysing the whole course of delivery a few fundamental obstetric rules were omitted: taking the patient's medical history was done quite inadequately (nobody asked her about previous attack of tachycardia and fetal movements), and the simple auscultation of the fetal heartbeat with simultaneous checking of the maternal radial pulse rate was ignored, leading to an unacceptable situation, where intrauterine fetal death was unrecognized through the first 3 hours of labor. The authors offer a clinical opinion that the obstetricians, as well as midwifes have to use modern medical technology and diagnostic tests wisely and critically, but can never allow themselves to skip the simple propaedeutic rules of obstetric care. Only with the better collaboration of the patient and with a watchful and critical analysis of the complete medical documentation and diagnostic tests, it could be possible to correct possible own or somebody else's professional errors.
Prevention of gestational diabetes: Design of a cluster-randomized controlled trial and one-year follow-up; Background: Annual prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is 12.5% among Finnish pregnant women. The prevalence is expected to rise with the increasing overweight among women before pregnancy. Physical activity and diet are both known to have favourable effects on insulin resistance and possibly on the risk of GDM. We aimed to investigate, whether GDM can be prevented by counseling on diet, physical activity and gestational weight gain during pregnancy.Methods/Design: A cluster-randomized controlled trial was conducted in 14 municipalities in the southern part of Finland. Pairwise randomization was performed in order to take into account socioeconomic differences. Recruited women were at 8-12 weeks' gestation and fulfilled at least one of the following criteria: body mass index ≥ 25 kg/m2, history of earlier gestational glucose intolerance or macrosomic newborn (> 4500 g), age ≥ 40 years, first or second degree relative with history of type 1 or 2 diabetes. Main exclusion criterion was pathological oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at 8-12 weeks' gestation. The trial included one counseling session on physical activity at 8-12 weeks' gestation and one for diet at 16-18 weeks' gestation, and three to four booster sessions during other routine visits. In the control clinics women received usual care. Information on height, weight gain and other gestational factors was obtained from maternity cards. Physical activity, dietary intake and quality of life were followed by questionnaires during pregnancy and at 1-year postpartum. Blood samples for lipid status, hormones, insulin and OGTT were taken at 8-12 and 26-28 weeks' gestation and 1 year postpartum. Workability and return to work were elicited by a questionnaire at 1- year postpartum. Linkage to the national birth register of years 2007-2009 will provide information on perinatal complications and GDM incidence among the non-participants of the study. Cost-effectiveness evaluation will be based on quality-adjusted life years. This study has received ethical approval from the Ethical board of Pirkanmaa Hospital District.Discussion: The study will provide information on the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of gestational physical activity and dietary counseling on prevention of GDM in a risk group of women. Also information on the prevalence of GDM and postpartum metabolic syndrome will be gained. Results on maintaining the possible health behaviour changes are important in order to prevent chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes. © 2010 Luoto et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
The graded relationship between glucose tolerance status in pregnancy and postpartum levels of low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein B in young women: Implications for future cardiovascular risk; Context and Objective: Both gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) identify women at risk of future cardiovascular disease, although the mediators of this risk are unknown. Because lipid factors can contribute to cardiovascular risk, we sought to characterize the relationship between gestational glucose tolerance status and lipid profile in pregnancy and the postpartum. Design, Setting, and Participants: Fasting lipids were measured in 482 women in pregnancy and at 3 months postpartum. Antepartum glucose challenge test (GCT) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) defined four gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 136), GIGT (n = 89), abnormal GCT with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) on OGTT (abnormal GCT NGT) (n = 170), and normal GCT with NGT on OGTT (normal GCT NGT) (n = 87). Results: In pregnancy, there were no significant differences between the groups in total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio, apolipoprotein B (apoB), apolipoprotein A1 (apoA1), and apoB to apoA1 ratio. At 3 months postpartum, however, each of the following lipid parameters progressively increased from normal GCT NGT to abnormal GCT NGT to GIGT to GDM: total cholesterol (P = 0.0047), LDL (P = 0.0002), triglycerides (P = 0.0002), total cholesterol to HDL ratio (P < 0.0001), apoB (P = 0.0003), and apoB to apoA1 ratio (P = 0.0014). Furthermore, on multiple linear regression analyses, GDM emerged as an independent predictor of postpartum total cholesterol (t = 3.09, P = 0.0021), LDL (t = 3.81, P = 0.0002), triglycerides (t = 3.38, P = 0.0008), total cholesterol to HDL ratio (t = 3.76, P = 0.0002), apoB (t = 4.12, P < 0.0001), and apoB to apoA1 ratio (t = 3.07, P = 0.0023). GIGT was an independent predictor of postpartum total cholesterol to HDL ratio (t = 2.27, P = 0.0239), apoB (t = 2.04, P = 0.0416), and apoB to apoA1 ratio (t = 1.97, P = 0.049). Conclusions: Compared with their peers, women with GDM and GIGT have a more atherogenic lipid profile by 3 months postpartum, characterized by increased LDL and apoB. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society.
Assessment of cardiovascular risk and prevention of cardiovascular disease in women with the polycystic ovary syndrome: A consensus statement by the androgen excess and polycystic ovary syndrome (AE-PCOS) society; Objective: Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) often have cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. The Androgen Excess and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (AE-PCOS) Society created a panel to provide evidence-based reviews of studies assessing PCOS-CVD risk relationships and to develop guidelines for preventing CVD. Participants: An expert panel in PCOS and CVD reviewed literature and presented recommendations. Evidence: Only studies comparing PCOS with control patients were included. All electronic databases were searched; reviews included individual studies/databases, systematic reviews, abstracts, and expert data. Articles were excluded if other hyperandrogenic disorders were not excluded, PCOS diagnosis was unclear, controls were not described, or methodology precluded evaluation. Inclusion/exclusion criteria were confirmed by at least two reviewers and arbitrated by a third. Consensus Process: Systematic reviews of CVD risk factors were compiled and submitted for approval to the AE-PCOS Society Board. Conclusions: Women with PCOS with obesity, cigarette smoking, dyslipidemia, hypertension, impaired glucose tolerance, and subclinical vascular disease are at risk, whereas those with metabolic syndrome and/or type 2 diabetes mellitus are at high risk for CVD. Body mass index, waist circumference, serum lipid/glucose, and blood pressure determinations are recommended for all women with PCOS, as is oral glucose tolerance testing in those with obesity, advanced age, personal history of gestational diabetes, or family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Mood disorder assessment is suggested in all PCOS patients. Lifestyle management is recommended for primary CVD prevention, targeting low-density and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and adding insulin-sensitizing and other drugs if dyslipidemia or other risk factors persist. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: An Opportunity to Prevent Type 2 Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease in Young Women; In women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM), the risk of developing Type 2 diabetes is greatly increased, to the point that GDM represents an early stage in the natural history of Type 2 diabetes. In addition, in the years following the index pregnancy, women with pGDM exhibit an increased cardiovascular risk profile and an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease. This paper will review current knowledge on the metabolic modifications that occur in normal pregnancy, underlining the mechanism responsible for GDM, the link between these alterations and the associated long-term maternal complications. In women with pGDM, accurate follow-up and prevention strategies (e.g., weight control and regular physical exercise) are needed to reduce the subsequent development of overt diabetes and other metabolic abnormalities related to cardiovascular disease. Therefore, our paper will provide arguments in favor of performing follow-up programs aimed at modifying risk factors involved in the pathogenesis of Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. © 2010 Future Medicine Ltd.
Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes contributes to subsequent adult metabolic syndrome; Obesity and diabetes have become globally epidemic. The cause of this unprecedented rise in obesity is multifactorial, with inactivity, excessive calorie intake, and genetic factors implicated. More recent data indicate that exposure to diabetes during pregnancy increases the risk of childhood and adult obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Evidence derived from recent randomized controlled trials indicates that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treatment reduces newborn obesity and therefore may contribute to reducing the global prevalence of obesity and metabolic syndrome. Current evidence detailing increases in global prevalence of obesity was reviewed together with data evaluating the effectiveness of treatment of GDM. Development of new protocols for diagnosis and treatment of GDM may reduce population obesity and cardiovascular disease. © 2010 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Hypertension in gestational diabetes mellitus: Pathophysiology and long-term consequences; Gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus are the most frequent obstetric disorders during pregnancy. The rates of both disorders are expected to increase as a result of delayed pregnancy at a later maternal age, the epidemic of obesity and the increased frequency of using assisted reproductive technology in women with infertility. Pregnancies complicated one or both of these disorders are also associated with adverse consequences for the mother and infant (both acute and long-term). The objectives of this review are to describe the association between gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes, and to discuss approaches to management and summarize long-term consequences of gestational hypertension. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd.
Exercise and type 2 diabetes: The American College of Sports Medicine and the American Diabetes Association: Joint position statement; Although physical activity (PA) is a key element in the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes, many with this chronic disease do not become or remain regularly active. High-quality studies establishing the importance of exercise and fitness in diabetes were lacking until recently, but it is now well established that participation in regular PA improves blood glucose control and can prevent or delay type 2 diabetes, along with positively affecting lipids, blood pressure, cardiovascular events, mortality, and quality of life. Structured interventions combining PA and modest weight loss have been shown to lower type 2 diabetes risk by up to 58% in high-risk populations. Most benefits of PA on diabetes management are realized through acute and chronic improvements in insulin action, accomplished with both aerobic and resistance training. The benefits of physical training are discussed, along with recommendations for varying activities, PA-associated blood glucose management, diabetes prevention, gestational diabetes mellitus, and safe and effective practices for PA with diabetes-related complications. © 2010 by the American Diabetes Association.
Interventricular septal hypertrophy in foetuses and infants of Libyan diabetic women; Objective: To calculate the overall incidence of interventricular septal hypertrophy (IVSH) in foetuses and infants of diabetic women and to determine the related risk factors. Paients and Methods: A descriptive longitudinal study was conducted in Tripoli Children's Hospital (TCH) from January 2003 up to May 2007. All diabetic pregnant mothers who were followed up in Al -Jala Maternity Hospital underwent foetal echocardiography screening for their foetuses from 28-38 weeks of gestation. Septal thickness >5mm during diastole was taken as IVSH (M mode echo cardiography). The infants were reassessed at 1st and 6th months of age. Verbal consents was obtained from the mothers who were included in this study. Results: 360 pregnant diabetic women were examined 38(10.5 %) had foetuses with IVSH. One foetus (2.6%) died during the intra- uterine period. Two of the infants died during the early neonatal period (Death was not related to the IVSH). Thirtyseven infants rechecked during the early neonatal period. Four of them showed signs of heart failure due to severe septal hypertrophy for which they received treatment. And three infants showed severe IVSH with no symptoms. Twentyeight out of 35 infants (80%) regained normal septal thickness during the 1st month of age. All of the infants regained their normal septal thickness by the age of six months. No statistically significant correlation was found between IVSH and the infant's birthweight (P=0.897). Among the affected infants 71% had mothers with Gestational diabetes. Conclusion: IVSH is not uncommon among foetuses of diabetic women. It is more prevalent in foetuses of women who have gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). IVSH has a benign course as all of the living infants showed complete remission by their sixth month of age. Recommendations: All pregnant women especially those who are at high risk of diabetes should be screened for the early detection and control of their Diabetes. Foetal echocardiography screening is highly recommended for this group of mothers.
The Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) revisited: First part: Glucose tolerance, gestational diabetes and reactive hypoglycemia; Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) has been widely used for the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance or reactive hypoglycemia. Since almost 10 years, however, it has been proposed to limit the use of this dynamic test, favoring instead the measurement of either fasting plasma glucose or glycated hemoglobin. Nevertheless, almost all recent important studies used OGTT as reference test. In this first article, we will consider the potential interest of OGTT as diagnostic or prognostic test able to evaluate glucose regulation. In a second article, we will describe how to use OGTT to derive indices that quantitatively evaluate insulin secretion and/or insulin sensitivity. © 2010 - Elsevier Masson SAS.
Cardiovascular risk factors in children exposed to maternal diabetes in utero; Aims/hypothesis: Recent studies have provided evidence that intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes has lifelong effects on adult offspring, including increased risks of obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to assess the relationship between exposure to maternal diabetes in utero and cardiovascular risk factors in healthy children and to investigate whether these associations are independent of maternal prepregnancy BMI and offspring attained BMI. Methods Data were from a retrospective cohort of children aged 6-13 years born during 1994-2002. Multiple linear regression was used to examine the associations between exposure and cardiovascular risk factors with adjustment for demographic factors and pubertal stage and additionally for maternal prepregnancy BMI and offspring attained BMI. Results Ninety-nine offspring of diabetic pregnancies had significantly increased E-selectin, vascular adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM1), leptin, waist circumference, BMI and systolic blood pressure and decreased adiponectin levels compared with 422 offspring of non-diabetic pregnancies after adjustment for age, sex and race/ethnicity (p<0.05 for each risk factor). Additional adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI substantially attenuated group differences in the risk factors except for E-selectin, VCAM1 and waist circumference, which remained significantly higher in exposed children. Conclusions/interpretation: Compared with unexposed children, healthy offspring exposed to maternal diabetes in utero have a worse cardiovascular risk profile. In particular, offspring have substantially increased levels of circulating cellular adhesion molecules, which are biomarkers of adverse endothelium perturbation and may be related to the earliest preclinical stages of atherosclerosis and diabetes. © Springer-Verlag 2010.
Risk for maternal postpartum diabetes; For over half a century, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been recognized as a risk factor for maternal diabetes after delivery or postpartum. GDM confers a 7-fold risk for future diabetes, independent of other significant risk factors such as weight, visceral adiposity, and physical activity. Up to a third of women with diabetes may have been affected by prior GDM. However, postpartum studies of GDM women are relatively few compared to prenatal and peripartum examinations. This chapter reviews methodological issues and risk factors affecting postpartum maternal diabetes risk estimates. The chapter also presents evidence regarding the risk for future cardiovascular disease among women with a GDM history. In doing, so, the chapter underlines the need for, and lack of: uniform diagnostic criteria and screening strategies for the index diagnosis of GDM as well as for postpartum glucose intolerance; quality improvement initiatives to improve postpartum glucose screening; and diabetes prevention interventions in this population. Perhaps most importantly, this chapter underlines the significance of GDM upon postpartum maternal glucose tolerance outside of pregnancy. © 2010 Springer-Verlag London Limited.
Imbalance of the autonomic nervous system at night in women with gestational diabetes; Aims Autonomic nervous system dysfunction is observed in Type 2 diabetes. As gestational diabetes is a potent risk factor of later Type 2 diabetes, we set out to determine whether autonomic nervous system imbalance could already be observed in women with this condition. Because activity of the sympathetic nervous system tends to be relatively stable in the nocturnal hours, we performed the study at night. Research design and methods We studied 41 women with gestational diabetes, 22 healthy pregnant controls and 14 non-pregnant controls. We assayed plasma noradrenaline at 24.00, 04.00 and 07.00 h and performed an overnight Holter recording for heart rate variability analysis. In addition, we assayed plasma adrenomedullin, a cardiovascular protective hormone. Results Compared with non-pregnant controls, plasma noradrenaline levels were increased at 04.00 and 07.00 h in the gestational diabetic (P = 0.003) and pregnant control (P = 0.002) groups, with no difference between them. Heart rate variability, very-low-frequency and low-frequency power were lower in pregnant groups compared to the non-pregnant controls. Heart rate variability remained unchanged between specified sampling times in the gestational diabetic group, in contrast to fluctuation seen in the control groups. Conclusions Gestational diabetes, compared with normal pregnancy, seems not to be a state of overall sympathetic nervous system activation. At the heart level, however, an inhibitory effect on autonomic nervous system modulation was seen. Plasma noradrenaline and heart rate variability correlated well, supporting the use of this function in future studies of overall sympathetic activity during pregnancy. © 2010 Diabetes UK.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: An opportunity to prevent type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in young women; In women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM), the risk of developing type 2 diabetes is greatly enhanced, to the point that GDM represents an early stage in the natural history of type 2 diabetes. In addition, in the years following the index pregnancy, women with pGDM exhibit an increased cardiovascular risk profile and an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease. This paper will review current knowledge on the metabolic modifications that occur in normal pregnancy, underlining the mechanism responsible for GDM, and the link between these alterations and long-term maternal complications. In women with pGDM, accurate follow-up and prevention strategies (i.e. weight control and regular physical exercise) are needed to reduce the subsequent development of overt diabetes and other metabolic abnormalities related to cardiovascular disease. Therefore, our paper will provide arguments in favour of performing follow-up programs aimed to modify risk factors involved in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Obstetric management of obesity in pregnancy; Rates of obesity among the pregnant population have increased substantially and adiposity has a damaging effect on every aspect of female reproductive life. This review summarises epidemiological data concerning obesity-related complications of pregnancy. Obesity is linked to a number of adverse obstetric outcomes as well as increased maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. These complications include miscarriage, congenital abnormalities, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, iatrogenic preterm delivery, postdates pregnancy with increased rates of induction of labour, caesarean section, postpartum haemorrhage, shoulder dystocia, infection, venous thromboembolism, and increased hospital stay. It is important to consider obese pregnant women as a high risk group with a linear increase in risk of complications associated with their degree of obesity. Their obstetric management should be consultant-led and involve a multidisciplinary team approach to improve outcome. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Hypertension in diabetic pregnancy: Impact and long-term outlook; Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy can be chronic, pregestational or just diagnosed before the 20th week, or newly diagnosed in the second half of pregnancy. Any type of hypertension is more frequent in diabetic pregnancies with a different distribution among different types of diabetes. Most of the evidence is for preeclampsia associated with a marked increase in primary caesarean section, preterm birth and more need for neonatal intensive care. Different risk factors and pregnancy outcomes would support the hypothesis that pre-eclampsia and gestational hypertension might be largely separate entities, but this position is not unanimously accepted. Chronic hypertension increases with age and duration of diabetes, predicting increased rates of prematurity and neonatal morbidity, especially when associated with superimposed preeclampsia. Long-term consequences are observed in women whose pregnancy was complicated by hypertension such as chronic hypertension and cardiovascular diseases. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fetal myocardial morphological and functional changes associated with well-controlled gestational diabetes; Objective: To make a global evaluation of the fetal myocardial changes in a well-controlled gestational diabetic population. Study design: Twenty-four pregnant well-controlled diabetic patients were selected. Sixteen normal pregnancies were randomly collected as a control group. Measurements of morphological and functional myocardial parameters were performed. Data from the left ventricular outflow tract and peripheral Doppler data were obtained. Result: The thickness of the interventricular septum was increased in diabetic pregnancies (p < 0.001). Tricuspid E/A index was the only functional parameter showing a significant variation, with lower values in diabetic pregnancies. Doppler parameters from the left ventricular outflow tract and peripheral Doppler waveforms were similar between groups. Conclusion: A tendency towards interventricular septum hypertrophy was observed even in well-controlled diabetic pregnancies. Mild hypertrophic cardiac changes were not associated with abnormal cardiac function or signs of left ventricular outflow obstruction, although minor changes in right ventricular diastolic function were recorded. © 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Increased osteoprotegerin levels in women with previous gestational diabetes developing metabolic syndrome; Osteoprotegerin (OPG), a novel soluble member of tumour necrosis factor receptor superfamily, has been shown to link cardiovascular disorders. The aim of this study is to investigate the potential relationship between serum OPG levels, cardiovascular risk factors and metabolic syndrome in a relatively large group of women with previous GDM. In this cross-sectional case-control study, 128 women with previous GDM and 67 age-matched controls were enrolled. Subjects were evaluated for the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome according to the criteria of the American Heart Association (AHA). Fasting glucose, insulin, serum lipids, CRP and OPG were assayed. HOMA score was calculated. Carotid intima media thickness (IMT) was measured. There was no significant increase in OPG levels in women with previous GDM when compared to controls. On the other hand, women with previous GDM developing metabolic syndrome had higher OPG levels than those without metabolic syndrome and healthy controls. Serum OPG levels were associated with obesity, insulin resistance, serum CRP and carotid IMT. Serum OPG is related to cardiovascular risk factors and metabolic syndrome, and might be involved in the development of cardiovascular disorders in women with previous GDM. © 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Periodontal infections and adverse pregnancy outcomes: The oral health-fetal connection; Objective: The increasing awareness of the relationship between maternal oral health and adverse pregnancy outcomes is well documented in the dental literature.The present review aims at summing up the current state of evidence and research on the same and sharing the available literature with the obstetric and other general practitioners so that the patients are diagnosed and treated with an interdisciplinary approach. Materials and methods: A search of the dental literature, including Medline®/PubMed through 2009, was conducted focusing on periodontal disease, preterm delivery, low birth weight, and intrauterine growth restriction was undertaken, and a hand search of other gray literature and text books was performed. Conclusions: It has been widely reported that pregnant women with periodontitis have more chances of having adverse pregnancy outcomes such as preterm birth, low birth-weight infants, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, small-for-gestational age infants, and fetal loss. At the same time, there have been sporadic reports that contradict this potential association. Clinicians need to remain abreast with available and emerging information, and exercise prudence while considering the possible adverse pregnancy outcomes from chronic periodontal infections. © Copyright 2011, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Gestational diabetic patients with adequate management have normal cardiovascular autonomic regulation during the third trimester of pregnancy and 3 months after delivery; Objective: The aim of the present study was to evaluate the influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on hemodynamics and cardiovascular autonomic regulation at rest and their responses to head-up tilt (HUT). Research Design and Methods: We prospectively studied 79 pregnant women (51 with GDM, 28 without GDM) during the third trimester of pregnancy and after parturition. The maternal electrocardiogram and arterial blood pressure were noninvasively measured. Heart rate and blood pressure were measured in the supine position and in the upright position. Stroke volume was assessed from noninvasive blood pressure signals, heart rate variability (HRV) was analyzed in frequency domain, and baroreflex sensitivity by the cross-spectral and sequence methods. Results: Between the GDM group and control pregnant women there were no significant differences in hemodynamics and cardiovascular autonomic regulation throughout the protocol. Increased normalized low-frequency component and low-frequency to high-frequency ratio suggested a change in sympathovagal balance towards sympathetic predominance during pregnancy in both groups. The response to head-up tilt (HUT) was similar in both GDM and control pregnant women. The pregnancy modulated the response to HUT in systolic and diastolic blood pressure, stroke volume, cardiac index, peripheral resistance, total power of HRV, and its low- and high-frequency components. Conclusions: Our results suggest that pregnancy modulates cardiovascular autonomic regulation and hemodynamics equally in subjects with GDM and without GDM, suggesting that metabolic disorder during pregnancy does not result in cardiovascular dysfunction when GDM is in good balance. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Current problems of hemocoagulation disorders in obstetrics; The overview describes current advances in the study of pathogenesis of thromboembolic events in obstetrics. It outlines the specific features of hemocoagulation during normal pregnancy and postpartum. It also gives data on the change in hemocoagulation parameters in various pregnancy complications: habitual miscarriage, gestosis, gestational diabetes mellitus, development of fetoplacental insufficiency, fetal growth retardation syndrome, intrauterine fetal death, etc. Great emphasis is laid on thrombophilia as a condition induced by genetic defects in which the frequency of poor pregnancy outcomes increases. Risk factors for venous thromboembolism and arterial thrombosis in pregnant women and puerperas are shown. It is stressed that anticoagulant therapy (unfractionated heparin, low-molecular-weight heparins, warfarin, etc.) in obstetric complications requires up-to-date instrumental and laboratory control and is to be performed by highly skilled physicians. © 2010, Media Sphera Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Antepartum pituitary necrosis occurring in pregnancy with uncontrolled gestational diabetes mellitus: A case report; Antepartum pituitary necrosis is a rare medical condition that has only been reported in pregnant women with type I diabetes attributable to diabetes-related vasculopathy and hypercoagulability. We present for the first time a case of antepartum pituitary necrosis occurring in an uncontrolled gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patient. The patient was a 32-yr-old woman at 33 weeks and 2 days of gestation. She suffered from severe headache, blurred vision, dizziness, and vomiting. Her baby was delivered by Cesarean section. The brain magnetic resonance images revealed pituitary necrosis. This suggests that pituitary gland necrosis may also complicate GDM pregnancy when glucose levels are uncontrolled. © 2010 The Korean Academy of Medical Sciences.
Review: Role of metformin in the management of polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome is the most common endocrinological disorder affecting 4-12% of women and also the most controversial. Metformin was logically introduced to establish the extent to which hyperinsulinaemia influences the pathogenesis of the condition. Early studies were very encouraging. Randomized controlled studies and several meta-analyses have changed the picture and put the drug that was once heralded as magic in a much contracted place. More work is needed to establish its right place in particular with regards to the prevention of many gestational and long-term complications. © 2010, SAGE Publications. All rights reserved.
Grand multiparity: Obstetric performance in Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, Kano, Nigeria; Objective: The objective was to review the obstetric performance of booked grand multiparae. Design and Setting: A 5-year prospective observational study of cases between January 1, 2002, and December 31, 2006, was conducted in Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, a tertiary institution, in Kano, Nigeria. Materials and Methods: The antenatal complications and pregnancy outcomes among booked grand mulltparous women (pregnancy after fifth delivery), who delivered in our labor ward, were compared with those of the booked mulitparae (parae 1-4) who delivered immediately after a grand multipara. Outcome Measures: These were obstetric factors of maternal age and parity, antepartum hemorrhage, fetal representations, and multiple pregnancy. Medical complications were gestational diabetes, hypertension, anemia, and heart disease. Pregnancy outcomes measured were gestational age at delivery, birth weight, mode of delivery, postpartum hemorrhage, and maternal and perinatal mortality. Results: The age range of the grand multiparae was between 22 and 43 years, with a mean age of 29.72 + 2.07 years. The parity range was between 5 and 15, with a mean parity of 7.78 + 0.63. There was increased occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus (OR = 12.55, Cl = 6.72-23.91), hypertension (OR = 3.07, Cl =2.07-4.59), heart disease (OR = 2.01, Cl = 0.70-6.08), anemia (OR = 3.16, Cl = 1.42-7.24), antepartum hemorrhage (OR = 2.18, Cl = 1.22-3.92), fetal malpresentatlons (OR = 3.04, Cl = 2.38-3.88), cephalopelvic disproportion (OR = 2.09, Cl = 1.33-3.29), and fetal macrosomia (OR = 2.27, Cl = 1.72-3.00) among the grand multiparae compared with multiparae. Conclusion: The effects of these complications were minimized by good antenatal care.
Cushing's syndrome in pregnancy; A 22-year-old G1 P0 was admitted at 26 weeks gestation for preeclampsia, hyperglycaemia and cushingoid features. Elevated 24-h urine free cortisol (UFC) and suppressed plasma adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH) suggested ACTH-independent Cushing's syndrome. Ultrasound showed left adrenal mass. She delivered preterm at 28 weeks due to severe preeclampsia and fetal distress. The infant expired after 4 days. Blood pressure was controlled after delivery and the patient was discharged on ketoconazole. Adrenalectomy was planned postpartum; however, she withdrew consent and was lost to follow-up. A 33-year-old G1 P1 presented with gestational diabetes. Pregnancy was complicated by premature delivery at 31 weeks for fetal distress. The baby improved and survived. Three months postpartum, she was evaluated for osteoporosis after sustaining a fracture from a fall. Cushingoid facies, elevated 24-h UFC, suppressed ACTH and a right adrenal mass on MRI confirmed an ACTH-independent Cushing's syndrome. She underwent adrenalectomy and improved. Copyright 2011 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Left atrial shortening fraction in fetuses with and without myocardial hypertrophy in diabetic pregnancies; Objective To test the hypothesis that, in diabetic pregnancies, left atrial shortening fraction (LASF) is decreased in fetuses with myocardial hypertrophy, compared to those without hypertrophy and to fetuses ofnon-diabetic mothers. Methods Fetal echocardiography was performed in women with pre-existing or gestational diabetes and in non-diabetic controls between 25 weeks' gestation and term. LASF was calculated using the formula: (end- systolic diameter - end-diastolic diameter)/end-systolic diameter, and data were compared between diabetic women with and without fetal myocardial hypertrophy and controls. Results The study population comprised 53 diabetic women and 45 controls. Out of the 53 fetuses of diabetic women, 14 had myocardial hypertrophy and 39 had normal septal thickness. Gestational age at the time of examination did not differ significantly between the control group and the two diabetic subgroups (P = 0.57). Fetuses with myocardial hypertrophy presented a mean (± SD)LASFof 0.32 ± 0.11, those without myocardial hypertrophy 0.46 ± 0.12, and those of normal mothers 0.53 ± 0.09 (P < 0.001). A significant inverse linear correlation was observed between LASF and septal thickness (r = -0.51, P < 0.001). Conclusions In diabetic pregnancies, LASF is lower in fetuses with myocardial hypertrophy than it is in those without hypertrophy and in fetuses of non-diabetic women, suggesting that LASF could be a useful alternative parameter in the assessment of fetal diastolic function. Copyright © 2008 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Offspring of diabetic pregnancy: Long-term outcomes; Diabetes in pregnancy has been shown to induce long-term effects in offspring. While considerable attention is focused on the increased incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in adult offspring from diabetic mothers, cardiovascular alterations, including hypertension, are also part of lifelong consequences of in-utero exposure to increased glucose concentrations. This review examines the epidemiologic and mechanistic issues involved in the developmental programming of long-term consequences in offspring of diabetic mothers, with a particular emphasis on the renal and vascular mechanisms of hypertension. The factors of increased incidence of T2DM and of obesity in adults born after exposure to diabetes during pregnancy are also discussed, as evidence is accumulating that a vicious circle involving lifelong consequences of diabetes in pregnancy in offspring contributes to the current worldwide epidemic of T2DM. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Insulin sensitizers in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), characterized by hyperandrogenaemia, anovulation, and morphologic changes of ovaries, is frequently associated with unfavourable metabolic changes, especially obesity, hyperinsulinaemia, and insulin resistance. Primary approach in their treatment focuses on life-style changes and weight reduction; this may not be effective sufficiently. In women with PCOS, metformin ameliorates menstrual cycle irregularities. It is beneficial in infertility treatment improving results of ovulation induction by clomifen-citrate, gonadotropins, and also in conventional IVF protocols. It decreases significantly the risk of spontaneous abortion in the first trimester of pregnancy, and reduces the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus. The safety of metformin in infertility treatment and pregnancy is still going to be confirmed. It is not clear whether metformin can influence hirsutism, and whether it can be useful in non-obese women with PCOS. The use of metformin to modify unfavourable metabolic changes caused by oral contraceptives, that remain the first option in treatment of PCOS also remains questionable. Longitudinal studies focused on prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in women with PCOS are absent as well. Positive effect on insulin sensitivity and androgen levels in PCOS was observed also for thiazolidinediones. Minimum attention was paid to possible positive effects of anti-obesity drugs.
Reproductive health as a sentinel of chronic disease in women; In summary, the reproductive health of women provides glimpses into subclinical processes and their future risk of chronic disease. A smoothly functioning reproductive axis, marked by regular menstruation and uncomplicated pregnancy, may portend reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. However, reproductive features associated with inefficient reproduction - later age at menarche, irregular cycles, pre-eclampsia and restricted fetal growth - may indicate lower breast cancer risk. We need further work to elucidate the endocrine, metabolic, vascular, immune and inflammatory factors shared by reproductive disorders and chronic disease. Many of the reproductive disorders overlap in definition or etiology, as in the predominance of preterm infants among the low birthweight, or the insulin resistance common to menstrual irregularity, PCOS, subfertility and gestational diabetes. The extent to which reproductive factors are independent predictors of cardiovascular and cancer risk remains to be tested. Perhaps some combination of reproductive factors will prove useful additions to breast cancer and cardiovascular disease prediction algorithms for women. Eventually, information about reproductive health might be used as a form of 'personalized medicine' to tailor health advice to women, from early in their lives, in order to change disease trajectories before they emerge as chronic disease at menopause. © 2009 Future Medicine Ltd.
Assessment of diastolic ventricular function in fetuses of diabetic mothers using tissue Doppler; Objective: To identify the presence of ventricular diastolic dysfunction by tissue Doppler in fetuses of diabetic mothers, with or without septal hypertrophy, in comparison to fetuses of nondiabetic mothers. Methods: A contemporary transverse study in fetuses with a gestational age between 25 weeks to term, studying diastolic function by assessment using tissue Doppler and pulsed wave Doppler of the atrioventricular diastolic flow. The mothers of the fetuses all had previous or gestational diabetes, and were referred to the Fetal Cardiology Unit of the Institute of Cardiology in Porto Alegre, Brazil. We analysed variance with the Student-Neumann-Keuls post hoc test. An alfa of 0.05 was considered significant for statistical analysis. Results: The mean myocardial velocities of the E′ and A′ waves at the mural mitral annulus, in fetuses of diabetic mothers with myocardial hypertrophy, were, respectively, 7.00 plus or minus 1.6 centimetres per second, and 10.24 plus or minus 3.3 centimetres per second. In the fetuses of diabetic mothers group without myocardial hypertrophy, the comparable values were 7.19 plus or minus 2.4 centimetres per second and 10.77 plus or minus 3.77 centimetres per second, respectively. In the control group, they were 4.81 plus or minus 0.85 centimetres per second and 8.01 plus or minus 2.2 centimetres per second. The difference between the velocities in fetuses of diabetic mothers and in fetal normal mothers was statistically significant (p less than 0.05). Statistically significant differences were also observed in E′ and A′ diastolic waves at the aortic mitral annulus, as well as for the tricuspid annulus when tissue Doppler assessment was carried out in the same sample. The mean ratio between the E and E′ of mitral and tricuspid waves in the control fetuses of normal mothers was significantly higher than in fetuses of diabetic mothers. Conclusion: Pulsed tissue Doppler, when used in fetuses of diabetic mothers and compared with fetuses of nondiabetic mothers, shows evidence of impaired diastolic function, independently of the presence of myocardial hypertrophy. © 2008 Cambridge University Press.
How are we diagnosing cardiometabolic risk in primary care settings?; Aims: To assess attitudes, barriers and practices of clinicians in assessing and treating cardiometabolic risk in overweight adults. Methods: In 2006, primary care physicians and mid-level practitioners in Montana were surveyed (N = 430). Results: Most primary care clinicians (95%) recognized the clinical benefit of weight loss, but many cited patient motivation (87%), lack of support services (61%), and lack of time (58%) as barriers. Over 80% identified obesity, hypertension, abnormal lipids, history of gestational diabetes, and family history as indications for diabetes screening. Most clinicians used fasting glucose (89%), random glucose (58%), and A1c (42%) as initial screens for diabetes. To confirm the diagnosis, the majority of respondents used A1c testing (80%) or fasting glucose (64%). Approximately one-quarter used the diagnosis pre-diabetes (26%), but just over half (52%) used alternative diagnoses of glucose intolerance. Sixty-five percent used the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome. Of those using metabolic syndrome, mid-level practitioners were more likely than physicians to assess waist circumference (49% vs. 63%). Conclusions: Despite citing significant barriers, clinicians routinely assessed cardiometabolic risk with diabetes screening, but relatively few reported using the diagnosis pre-diabetes. Metabolic syndrome was used commonly to diagnose overweight adults at risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease. © 2008 Primary Care Diabetes Europe.
Gender-specific care of diabetes; Diabetic men have benefited in the last 30 years from a significant improvement in total and cardiovascular mortality, whereas diabetic women have had no improvement at all. Moreover, recent research focused on the role of sex hormones in glucose homeostasis, and might account for different pathophysiologic mechanisms in the development of diabetes-related complications. Thus, care of diabetic women is a challenge that requires particular attention. The available data regarding gender-specific care of diabetes mellitus are uneven, rich in some domains. but very poor in others. The large prospective trials performed in the last 20 years have assumed that the natural history of-diabetes mellitus in men and women, as well as the efficiency of glucose-lowering therapies and management of hyperglycemic-related complications, could be attributable without distinction to men and women. We propose in this paper to analyze the published medical literature according to the specific management of diabetes mellitus in women, and to try to distinguish some particular features, We found important distinctions between diabetic men and women regarding the patterns of abnormalities of glucose regulation, epidemiology, development of diabetes-related complications, ischemic heart disease, morbidity and mortality, impact of cardiovascular risk factors, development of the metabolic syndrome, depression and osteoporosis, as well as the impact of lifestyle modifications or primary and secondary preventions on cardiovascular risk factors, and finally medical therapeutics. Moreover, special considerations were given to some particular aspects of the medical life in diabetic women, such as the features of gestational diabetes mellitus and the management of pregnancy in pregestational diabetic women, use of contraception, hormone-replacement therapy and polycystic ovary syndrome. © 2007 Future Medicine Ltd.
Indications for fetal echocardiography high referral, low yield?; An excellent imaging tool in the prenatal diagnosis and ongoing evaluation of congenital heart defects, fetal echocardiography is indicated in a selected population at increased risk compared with the general population. For certain "soft markers" of fetal congenital heart defects, ambiguity in the indications for fetal echo may result in a high referral rate, but low yield of congenital heart disease. Here, we critically examine 4 conditions, 2 maternal and 2 fetal: maternal gestational diabetes, advanced maternal age, isolated echogenic focus, and single umbilical artery. This critical review reveals that more prospective population-based studies with higher power and minimal bias need to be performed to establish the absolute risk of congenital heart defects in a selected population compared with that of the general population. Nonetheless, our analysis indicates that the absolute risk of congenital heart defects associated with each of these markers is low. Target Audience: Obstetricians & Gynecologists, Family Physicians Learning Objectives: After completion of this article, the reader should be able to define which patients should be referred for fetal echocardiography based on known risks, distinguish between relative and absolute risks for fetal congenital heart disease, and summarize fetal anomaly risks for women with altered glucose metabolism. Copyright © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Fibrinolytic dysfunction after gestation is associated to components of insulin resistance and early type 2 diabetes in latino women with previous gestational diabetes; Among patients with metabolic syndrome (MS), atherosclerosis and abnormal fibrinolytic function are frequently present, mostly owing to an increase in plasminogen activator inhibitor-1(PAI-1). We analyze PAI-1 in pregnant women, both normal and with gestational diabetes (GDM) and postpartum regarding its correlation to MS surrogates. Clinical characteristics, glucose tolerance (100 g-OGTT), lipids, PAI-1 antigen, insulin sensitivity (HOMA-S), and pancreatic β-cell function (HOMA-B) were investigated in 34 women. Eleven had normal glucose tolerance (NGT) during pregnancy and 23 had GDM (all GAD antibodies-negative). All patients were studied at 28-34 weeks of gestation and 16-24 weeks after delivery (75 g-OGTT). Parameters of interest were determined using commercial test systems. During pregnancy, PAI-1 was not statistically different between NGT and GDM (47 ± 25 ng/ml versus 47 ± 28 ng/ml, p = 0.9). After gestation, 19 (56%) women had NGT (11 of them from previous NGT group) and 15 (44%) had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or DM. The IGT (IGT + DM) group had higher PAI-1 (p = 0.01), which did not decreased after delivery NGT-NGT before and after delivery (47 ± 25 ng/ml versus 6 ± 5 ng/ml; p < 0.001), GDM-NGT (62 ± 36 ng/ml versus 14 ± 15 ng/ml; p = 0.001) and GDM-IGT (39 ± 20 ng/ml versus 27 ± 23 ng/ml; p = 0.15). PAI-1 levels were positively correlated (p < 0.05) to total cholesterol (rs = 0.37), triglycerides (rs = 0.48), fasting plasma glucose (rs = 0.52), 2-h plasma glucose in the OGTT (rs = 0.58) and were negatively correlated (p < 0.05) with HOMA-S (rs = -0.42) and HOMA-B (rs = -0.38). Fibrinolytic dysfunction is still present in GDM women and is associated with early development of IGT or T2DM. PAI correlated with surrogate markers of MS levels and may identify a group of women at risk for macroangiopathy. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Prevalence of the impaired glucose metabolism and its association with risk factors for coronary artery disease in women with gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes (GDM) has increased risk of diabetes (DM2), a coronary artery disease (CAD) equivalent. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of impaired glucose metabolism (IGM) in GDM and its association with risk factors for CAD. A cohort of 109 women with GDM underwent a glucose tolerance test which classified them into three groups: diabetic (DM2) (fasting glucose (G) ≥126 mg/dl or plasma glucose 2 h (2-h G) ≥200 mg/dl); impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) (G 100-125 mg/dl and/or 2-h G 140-199 mg/dl); and normal (N) (G < 100 mg/dl and/or 2-h < 140 mg/dl). They were compared for pre-gestational (PBMI) and current (CBMI) body mass index, systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), G, lipids, fibrinogen and C-reactive protein (hsCRP). Thirty two months after delivery, 17.4% presented DM2, 39.4% IGT and 43.1% were N. PBMI, CBMI, SBP and DBP were significantly higher in the DM2 than N. G was higher in DM2 and IGT. HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) was higher in the N (p = 0.02) and the triglycerides (TG) were higher in DM2 (p = 0.02). The groups showed significantly different levels of hsCRP (p = 0.002). We conclude that the high prevalence of IGM, overweight/obesity, dyslipidemia and altered inflammatory markers, make GDM a high-risk situation for CAD. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pulseless electrical activity during caesarean delivery under spinal anaesthesia: a case report of severe anaphylactic reaction to Syntocinon; Anaphylactoid reaction to Syntocinon is rare, but has been described in the literature. The reactions described include patchy erythema, hypotension, bronchospasm and oxygen desaturation, but pulseless electrical activity following Syntocinon has not been reported. We present the case of a 34-year-old primigravida with essential hypertension, gestational diabetes and hypothyroidism with a twin pregnancy following in vitro fertilization. During elective caesarean delivery she developed a severe anaphylactic reaction to Syntocinon leading to pulseless electrical activity. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Air embolism during elective cesarean section, and uterine atony due to fetal macrosomia; We report the case of a paradoxical air embolism during a scheduled cesarean section for fetal macrosomia (7.010 kg) in a 38-year-old woman with a history of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. Spinal anesthesia was satisfactory and well tolerated. After approximately 30 minutes (coinciding with uterine exteriorization), the patient presented a sudden episode of dyspnea, confusion, hypotension, and ST segment depression. The episode lasted approximately 10 minutes and resolved spontaneously with no sequelae. Neurological status and the electrocardiogram were normal at the end of surgery and no postoperative lesions were observed. In the immediate postoperative period, the patient presented a massive hemorrhage due to uterine atony. Echocardiography revealed a patent foramen ovale. The clinical signs in this patient are highly suggestive of a paradoxical cerebral and coronary air embolism.
Association of elevated free fatty acids during late pregnancy with preterm delivery; To examine the association between moderately elevated maternal plasma free fatty acids (FFAs) during late pregnancy and preterm delivery. In a prospective observational cohort with 523 healthy pregnant women, fasting plasma FFAs were measured during the third trimester. Socioeconomic, demographic, and anthropometric measures were collected at entry to prenatal care, and pregnancy outcomes were abstracted from medical record at delivery. After control for confounders including prepregnant body mass index (multiple logistic regression analysis), women who had moderately elevated plasma FFAs (in the highest tertile), showed a greater than threefold increased risk of preterm delivery (adjusted odds ratio (AOR) 3.49, 95% (CI) 1.73-7.03, P<.001). The associations persisted in women who had spontaneous preterm delivery (AOR 2.35, 95% CI 1.05-5.28, P<.05) and after excluding women with gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia (AOR 3.30, 95% CI 1.38-7.87, P<.01). Additional stratified analyses showed that the association of high maternal FFAs and increased risk of preterm delivery was independent of prepregnant obesity. Elevated fasting plasma FFA levels at 30 weeks of gestation were associated with an increased risk of preterm delivery. This effect was independent of prepregnant obesity and several other known risk factors for preterm delivery, including cigarette smoking, ethnicity, and prior preterm delivery. These data may have important clinical significance because they provide a possible link between preterm delivery and high lipid levels, a known risk factor for cardiovascular disease. II. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Reference values for neonatal thyroid volumes in a moderately iodine-deficient area; Background: The reference ranges of thyroid volumes in neonates vary according to the iodine status of a specific region. In different studies, it ranged between 0.47 and 1.62 ml. It has been previously shown that Bursa city was a moderately iodine-deficient area. We therefore aimed at determining normal reference ranges of neonatal thyroid volumes in our moderately iodine-deficient area. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, thyroid volumes of 100 healthy full-term neonates (51 boys and 49 girls; mean gestational age 38.9±1.1 weeks; and mean birth-weight 3370±446 g) were measured during the first week of life using thyroid ultrasonography. These data were compared with the gestational age, birth weight, gender, and TSH values of neonates as well as with maternal factors such as gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, smoking, medication use, and heart disease. Results: All blood samples for TSH were taken during the first 5 days (mean 1.09±0.9 days). The mean TSH levels in all male and female neonates were 3.77±3.71, 4.57±3.61, and 2.93±3.66 mlU/l, respectively. This difference was statistically significant (p=0.006). Mean thyroid volumes for all male and female neonates were calculated as 0.82±0.18 (range 0.51-2.04), 0.84±0.21 (range 0.51-2.04), and 0.80±0.14 ml (range 0.58-1.30), respectively. There were no statistically significant differences in thyroid volumes with respect to gestational age, birth weight, gender, TSH values of neonates and maternal factors. Conclusion: Normal thyroid volumes in neonates vary between different regions. Local reference values should be used in thyroid volume assessment. Our results are in concordance with the literature and can be used as reference values for our region. ©2008, Editrice Kurtis.
GDM: Postpartum management to reduce long-term risks; Diabetes prevalence has increased dramatically, with 1.3 million new cases diagnosed annually. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for developing overt diabetes later in life. In addition, their offspring, exposed to the diabetic environment in utero, are also at increased risk for developing obesity, glucose intolerance, and type 2 diabetes later in life. Diabetes begets diabetes. The GDM diagnosis provides the medical community with an opportunity to intervene with strategies to prevent and/or delay the onset of diabetes and its associated long-term complications. This article reviews the roles of medical nutrition therapy, physical activity, and pharmacotherapy in preventing type 2 diabetes in women with a GDM history. Copyright © 2008 by Current Medicine Group LLC.
Programming of growth, insulin resistance and vascular dysfunction in offspring of late gestation diabetic rats; ODM (offspring of diabetic mothers) have an increased risk of developing metabolic and cardiovascular dysfunction; however, few studies have focused on the susceptibility to disease in offspring of mothers developing diabetes during pregnancy. We developed an animal model of late gestation diabetic pregnancy and characterized metabolic and vascular function in the offspring. Diabetes was induced by streptozotocin (50 mg/kg of body weight, intraperitoneally) in pregnant rats on gestational day 13 and was partially controlled by twice-daily injections of insulin. At 2 months of age, ODM had slightly better glucose tolerance than controls (P<0.05); however, by 6 months of age this trend had reversed. A euglycaemic-hyperinsulinamic clamp revealed insulin resistance in male ODM (P<0.05). In 6-8-month-old female ODM, aortas had significantly enhanced contractility in response to KCl, ET-1 (endothelin-1) and NA (noradrenaline). No differences in responses to ET-1 and NA were apparent with co-administration of L-NNA (NG-nitro-L-arginine). Relaxation in response to ACh (acetylcholine), but not SNP (sodium nitroprusside), was significantly impaired in female ODM. In contrast, males had no between-group differences in response to vasoconstrictors, whereas relaxation to SNP and ACh was greater in ODM compared with control animals. Thus the development of diabetes during pregnancy programmes gender-specific insulin resistance and vascular dysfunction in adult offspring. © The Authors Journal compilation © 2009 Biochemical Society.
Maternal obesity and pregnancy; Obesity is a global health problem that is increasing in prevalence. The World Health Organization characterizes obesity as a pandemic issue, with a higher prevalence in females than males. Thus, many pregnant patients are seen with high body mass index (BMI). Obesity during pregnancy is considered a high-risk state because it is associated with many complications. Compared with normal-weight patients, obese patients have a higher prevalence of infertility. Once they conceive, they have higher rate of early miscarriage and congenital anomalies, including neural tube defects. Besides the coexistence of preexisting diabetes mellitus and chronic hypertension, obese women are more likely to have pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, thromboembolism, macrosomia, and spontaneous intrauterine demises in the latter half of pregnancy. Obese women also require instrument or Cesarean section delivery more often than average-weight women. Following Cesarean section delivery, obese women have a higher incidence of wound infection and disruption. Irrespective of the delivery mode, children born to obese mothers have a higher incidence of macrosomia and associated shoulder dystocia, which can be highly unpredictable. In addition to being large at birth, children born to obese mothers are also more susceptible to obesity in adolescence and adulthood. Prevention is the best way to prevent this problem. As pregnancy is the worst time to lose weight, women with a high BMI should be encouraged to lose weight prior to conceiving. During preconception counseling, they should be educated about the complications associated with high a BMI. Obese women should also be screened for hypertension and diabetes mellitus. In early pregnancy, besides being watchful about the higher association of miscarriage, obese women should be screened with ultrasound for congenital anomalies around 18 to 22 weeks. The ultrasound should be repeated close to term to check on the estimated fetal weight to rule out macrosomia. Obese pregnant women are screened for gestational diabetes around 24 to 28 weeks. During the second half of pregnancy, one needs to closely watch for signs and symptoms of pregnancy-induced hypertension. Once in labor, an early anesthesia consultation is highly recommended irrespective of delivery mode. When Cesarean section is performed, many obstetricians prefer an incision above the pannus to avoid skin infection. However, the incision should be decided upon the discretion of the surgeon. Peripartum, special attention is given to avoid thromboembolism byusing compression stockings and early ambulation. © Postgraduate Medicine.
When to call a pediatrician to the delivery room; The following is not an exclusive list of when to call a pediatrician to the delivery room. Consider additional antepartum and intrapartum risk factors (not listed here) associated with the need for neonatal resuscitation as indication for pediatric attendance at delivery. Fetal emergencies and risk factors Meconium-stained amniotic fluid (MSAF) Cardiotocogram (CTG) shows: Persistent late decelerations (Dip 2) Severe variable decelerations Persistent tachycardia or bradycardia Fetal scalp blood sampling with pH <7.20 Umbilical cord hernia/prolapse Signs of placental separation/bleeding Operative deliveries C-section Vacuum extraction Forceps delivery Vaginal breech presentation delivery Premature delivery (<37 0/7 weeks of gestation) If <31 (+0 days) weeks of gestation: one to two pediatricians (or one pediatrician, one NICU nurse) Multiple gestation or growth restriction SGA/IUGR (<10th percentile according to ultrasound) or estimated weight <2500 g Severe anomaly of the fetus, for example: Chromosomal anomalies according to amniocentesis Fetal hydrops Critical congenital heart disease Skeletal anomalies, gastrointestinal anomalies (e.g., gastroschisis), neural tube defects Maternal diseases and risk factors Signs of infection in the mother: Temperature >38.0°C WBC >17, 000/μl CRP >2 mg/dl Time between ROM and birth >18 h (=PROM) is associated with a greater risk of chorioamnionitis Severely compromised maternal health, for example: Maternal systemic lupus erythematosus: 1%–5% of live births have congenital complete heart block (third-degree AV block), of which 50% require a pacemaker, and 15% die in the neonatal period; risk of recurrence of complete heart block in subsequent pregnancies: 10%–15% Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus of the mother (leads to diabetic fetopathy) Gestational diabetes (controversial) Preeclampsia/arterial hypertension/HELLP syndrome (i.e., hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelet count) Medication and drug abuse by the mother: especially alcohol, heroin/methadone, ketamine, “sleeping tablets” including benzodiazepines, anticonvulsants, beta-blockers, warfarin, iodine, thyroid gland inhibitors (e.g., methimazole), sulfonamides, tetracycline, psychoactive drugs, tocolytics, cytostatic drugs © Cambridge University Press 2009.
Lipoprotein metabolism and vascular complications in pregnancy; Human pregnancy is characterized by striking changes in maternal metabolism and body composition in order to provide sufficient energy and nutrients to the developing fetus There are marked increases in plasma lipid concentrations as gestation advances, with plasma cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations rising typically by 25-50% and 200-400%, respectively. These changes are due to the combined effect of increased adipose tissue lipolysis in late pregnancy and maternal hormonal changes. Essential fatty acids and cholesterol are transported to the fetus via the placenta. In women with additional metabolic stress, such as those with. gestational diabetes mellitus and obesity, there are alterations in lipid and lipoprotein metabolism consistent with increased insulin resistance. In pre-eclampsia, there is an exaggerated early rise in plasma triglycerides and free fatty acid concentrations in combination with an increase in the proportion of small dense LDL and a lesser rise in HDL-C, changes that may contribute to the pathogenesis of the maternal syndrome. Adverse pregnancy outcomes including pre-eclampsia are associated with a modestly increased risk in later life of cardiovascular disease in the mother, whereas gestational diabetes is associated with a marked increased risk for future diabetes. Future studies should address to what extent maternal lipid changes in the above complications influence programming of the future health of offspring. © 2009 Future Medicine Ltd.
Evaluation of cardiac function in fetuses from pregnant women with abnormal blood glucose levels by brain natriuretic peptide in umbilical cord blood; Objective: To study the feasibility of umbilical cord brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) level measurement for the evaluation of perinatal cardiac function in fetuses from pregnant women with abnormal blood glucose levels and the influence of abnormal blood glucose on fetal cardiac function. Methods: Twenty-four mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 18) or gestational impaired glucose tolerance (n = 6) (diabetic group) were classified into two subgroups according to blood glucose level before delivery: good (n = 17) and poor (n = 7) glucose control. They underwent fetal echocardiography in their late pregnant periods and fetal cardiac sizes and function were measured. Twenty-five normal pregnant mothers served as the control group. Umbilical cord blood BNP concentrations were measured at delivery. Results: The umbilical cord blood BNP concentrations in the diabetic group were significantly higher than in the control group (114.0 ± 39.0 pg/mL vs 80.6 ± 13.7 pg/mL; P < 0.01). The poor glucose control subgroup demonstrated higher umbilical cord blood BNP concentrations than the good glucose control subgroup (142.1 ± 44.1 pg/mL vs 102.4 ± 31.2 pg/mL; P < 0.01). No difference was found between the gestational diabetes mellitus and the impaired glucose tolerance groups. The BNP concentration was positively correlated to the thicknesses of fetal left ventricular walls and the peak velocities of mitral A wave (r = 0.715, 0.491 respectively, P < 0.05), and negatively correlated to the mitral E/A ratio (r = -0.507, P < 0.05). Conclusions: The fetuses of pregnant women with abnormal blood glucose levels have an increased BNP level in umbilical cord blood. Umbilical cord BNP level is related to maternal blood glucose control and the changes in fetal cardiac function. It may reflex the latent impairments of fetal cardiac function. A good glucose control may decrease the impact of abnormal maternal blood glucose on fetal hearts.
Gender-specific care of diabetes mellitus: Particular considerations in the management of diabetic women; In the past 30 years, the all-cause mortality and cardiovascular mortality rates for women with diabetes mellitus (DM), in contrast to men, have not declined. Furthermore, the difference between all-cause mortality rates in women with DM and those without DM has more than doubled. This urgently needs addressing. This review will analyse published medical literature relating to the specific management of DM in women and try to identify areas where gender affects care. We have identified specific gender differences in the pathophysiology of glucose homeostasis disorder, diabetes-related complications and any female gender-specific features of women with diabetes, such as contraception and the menopause. These gender-specific features of DM may offer a route to improved care for women and new therapeutic possibilities. © 2008 The Author Journal Compilation © 2008 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Consequences of smoking during pregnancy on maternal health; Objective: To estimate the incidence of maternal cardiovascular and pulmonary events and the prevalence of other comorbid conditions among pregnant smokers. Methods: We queried the Nationwide Inpatient Sample (NIS) from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project (HCUP) of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) for pregnancy-related discharge codes for the years 2000-2004. The prevalence of various conditions and the incidence of various complications were compared between smokers and nonsmokers. Results: The majority of smokers were young and white and had public insurance. Smokers were more likely to have experienced deep vein thrombosis (odds ratio [OR] 1.3, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.1, 1.6), stroke (OR 1.7, 95% CI 1.2, 2.5), pulmonary embolus (OR 2.5, 95% CI 2.1, 3.0), and myocardial infarction (OR 4.6, 95% CI 3.3, 6.4). They were 3 times more likely to have experienced influenza or pneumonia (OR 2.9, 95% CI 2.7, 3.2) and 15 times more likely to have bronchitis (OR 15.2, 95% CI 12.8, 18.2). They were more likely to suffer from a number of comorbidities, including asthma (OR 4.0, 95% CI 3.7, 4.2) and gastrointestinal ulcers (OR 3.7, 95% CI 2.6, 5.5). Although they were less likely to have experienced gestational diabetes (OR 0.9, 95% CI 0.9, 1.0), preeclampsia (OR 0.8, 95% CI 0.8, 0.9), or eclampsia (OR 0.7, 95% CI 0.6, 0.9), they were more than 5 times as likely to have experienced an ectopic pregnancy (OR 5.4, 95% CI 4.6, 6.3). Conclusions: Smoking has a negative impact on maternal health. Counseling about the risks of smoking in pregnancy should include not only fetal risks but maternal risks as well. © 2009 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Insulin and carbohydrate metabolism; Fetal glucose exposure and consequent fetal insulin secretion is normally tightly regulated by glucose delivery from the mother during pregnancy. Maternal hyperglycaemia and gestational diabetes (GDM) are known to be detrimental to offspring, although defining the criteria for diagnosis of GDM is controversial. Recent data suggest that the risk of poor fetal outcome appears to be a continuous variable across the range of glucose control, and that the level of maternal blood glucose for a diagnosis of gestational diabetes needs to be reviewed. After birth, rapid adaptation is necessary for infants to be able to maintain independent glucose homeostasis. This adaptation is compromised in infants who are small for gestational age (SGA), premature, or large for gestational age (LGA). Interestingly, the infants who are born at the extremes of birth weight are also at increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes in later life. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Long-term outcomes in mothers diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring; Mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high lifetime risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus. The magnitude of risk for cardiovascular disease after GDM is less well established. Recently, intervention trials using lifestyle modification or medications used to treat type 2 DM have successfully prevented/delayed development of DM in women after GDM. Offspring of mothers with GDM are at risk for development of obesity and abnormal glucose metabolism during childhood, adolescence, and adulthood. Factors responsible for these risks are not fully understood. Having fetal hyperinsulinism is a risk factor for development of both obesity and abnormal glucose metabolism, and might be implicated in pathophysiology. It remains to be established whether the long-term effects of exposure to diabetes mellitus during intrauterine development can be prevented. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
A young woman with dyspnea.; A 35-year-old Sri Lankan woman (gravida 3, para 3, abortus 0) presented to the Jewish General Hospital (Montreal, Quebec) with shortness of breath and diffuse swelling. She was five months postpartum of her most recent delivery, which was complicated by pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. She described a three-week history of progressive exertional dyspnea, orthopnea and paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea. There was no history of recent viral illness, and the patient had no traditional risk factors for coronary artery disease. A physical examination, laboratory results and echocardiography were typical for heart failure. A presumptive diagnosis of peripartum cardiomyopathy was made. To initiate a transplant referral, coronary angiography was performed. Six discrete atherosclerotic lesions were found, notably left main equivalent disease. A diagnosis of ischemic cardiomyopathy was made, and the patient was referred for high-risk coronary artery bypass surgery and transplant. The present case illustrates the excess burden of coronary artery disease borne in south Asian patient populations.
Effect of pioglitazone on progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in non-diabetic premenopausal Hispanic women with prior gestational diabetes; The Pioglitazone in the Prevention of Diabetes (PIPOD) study was a single arm 3-year open-label pioglitazone treatment to determine the effects of pioglitazone in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) who had completed the troglitazone in the Prevention of Diabetes (TRIPOD) study. Here we report the results on progression of subclinical atherosclerosis, measured by carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) in non-diabetic women. Data were analyzed to compare CIMT progression rates during pioglitazone treatment to rates that had been observed during either placebo or troglitazone treatment in the TRIPOD study. Sixty-one women met the entry criteria with mean age of 40 years. In the 30 women who came to PIPOD from the placebo arm of TRIPOD, the CIMT rate was 69% lower during pioglitazone treatment than it had been during placebo (0.0031 vs. 0.0100 mm/yr, p = 0.006). In the 31 women who came to PIPOD from the troglitazone arm of TRIPOD, CIMT rate was 38% lower during pioglitazone than it had been during troglitazone, a difference that was not statistically significant (0.0037 vs. 0.0060 mm/year; p = 0.26). Adjustment for differences in baseline characteristics and potential on-trial confounders did not alter the conclusion but did increase the CIMT rates differences slightly. We conclude that treatment with pioglitazone slowed CIMT progression in women who had been on placebo in the TRIPOD study and maintained a relatively low rate of progression in women who had been on troglitazone. Pioglitazone slows progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in young Hispanic women at increased risk for type 2 diabetes. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Carbohydrate metabolism and cardiovascular risk factors 4 years after a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes; Aims: The aim of the present study was to determine the prevalence of abnormal glucose tolerance and the metabolic syndrome in a cohort of previously gestational diabetic (GDM) women 4 years after delivery. Methods: Sixty-eight prior GDM and a control group of 39 women with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy were invited to participate in a follow-up study. Results: The prevalence of diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance and impaired fasting glucose (IFG) was 21%, 16%, and 6% among prior GDM women and 0%, 15%, and 0% among controls respectively (P = 0.0039). Independently of the metabolic syndrome criteria used this status was found more frequently among women with prior GDM (all P < 0.05). The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome showed a dose-response relationship with the level of weight categories (P < 0.005) as well as with the level of glucose intolerance (P = 0.024). Conclusion: According to our results a disturbed carbohydrate metabolism and a clustering of cardiovascular risk factors might be observed in previous GDM women 4 years after delivery. © 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Increased risk of cardiovascular disease in young women following gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE - To determine whether women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) following pregnancy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - All women aged 20-49 years with live births between April 1994 and March 1997 in Ontario, Canada, were identified. Women with GDM were matched with 10 women without GDM and were followed for CVD. RESULTS - The matched cohorts included 8,191 women with GDM and 81,262 women without GDM. Mean age at entry was 31 years, and median follow-up was 11.5 years. The hazard ratio for CVD events was 1.71 (95% CI 1.08-2.69). After adjustment for subsequent type 2 diabetes, the hazard ratio was attenuated (1.13 [95% CI 0.67-1.89]). CONCLUSIONS - Young women with GDM had a substantially increased risk for CVD compared with women without GDM. Much of this increased risk was attributable to subsequent development of type 2 diabetes. © 2008 by the American Diabetes Association.
Glucose tolerance in pregnancy and the long-term risk of cardiovascular disease; Background: Studies demonstrate an association between high but non-diabetic blood glucose levels and cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Pregnancy alters glucose metabolism and results in a continuum of glucose tolerance, it is not known whether this continuum is associated with a continuum of risk of CVD in later life. Objectives: To examine the long-term risk of CVD associated with the continuum of maternal glucose tolerance. Participants: Nine hundred and seventeen participants assessed during pregnancy and followed over 20 years. Measurements: Smoking behaviour, BMI at index pregnancy and follow-up, and gestational HbA1c. Main Outcome: Requiring medication for hypertension and CVD, and hospital admissions for CVD as ascertained by record linkage over 20-year period. Results: Fifty-one women had a history of CVD, 85 women had hypertension and 17 women (2.3%) were admitted for CVD. There was a significant increase in the risk for CVD, hypertension and hospitalisation for CVD across the quartiles of gestational HbA1c after adjustment for known risk factors. This increased risk reached statistical significance in the highest quartile although confidence intervals were wide. Conclusion: Sub-clinical HbA1c during pregnancy was associated with a dose-related increase in the presence of medication and hospital admission for CVD. The magnitude of these effects is of note. © 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Metabolic syndrome and the menopause; The metabolic syndrome consists of a combination of risk factors that include abdominal obesity, atherogenic dyslipidaemia, hypertension and insulin resistance. It increases the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The increased risk of cardiovascular disease is higher in women than in men. The first manifestation of metabolic syndrome may occur in pregnancy presenting as gestational diabetes or preeclampsia. Both conditions are associated with increased insulin resistance. Also metabolic syndrome is more common in polycystic ovarian syndrome. It has been suggested that there is a metabolic syndrome resulting from the menopause due to estrogen deficiency, as many of the risk factors are more prevalent in postmenopausal women. Also estrogen replacement improves insulin sensitivity and reduces the risk of diabetes. The key elements in managing the metabolic syndrome are weight reduction, increasing physical activity and diet modification. If blood pressure, lipid and glycaemic control are not achieved through these interventions then pharmacological therapy will be required.
Diabetes therapy in pregnant women; Diabetes type 2 has increased in adult women due to higher frequency of obesity and sedentary lifestyle, and thus cardiovascular diseases have increased. Hyperglycemia control and, collaterally, high blood pressure and dyslipidemia correction are the basis of its therapy. This paper evaluates oral antidiabetic drugs effectiveness and preference. Gestational diabetes is a cause of morbidity and mortality in fetuses and newborns, it has to be timely diagnosed, and needs a strict control, same to diabetes type 1. Gyneco-obstetrical doctor must be alert to diabetes signs and closely work in its therapy.
Gestational diabetes insipidus and intrauterine fetal death of monochorionic twins; Gestational diabetes insipidus (GDI) is a rare disorder. The onset is usually in the third trimester of pregnancy. We present a 24-year-old primigravida in her 35th week of a monochorionic-diamniotic twin pregnancy. The patient presented with intrauterine death of both twins accompanied by HELLP syndrome, hypernatremia and hemoconcentration. Urine osmolality below that of the plasma suggested GDI. 1-deamino-8D-arginine vasopressin (dDAVP) treatment was started with a quick response. GDI is probably the result of excessive activity of placental vasopressinase. In cases of liver dysfunction, the clearance rate of vasopressinase decreases, explaining the association of GDI with acute fatty liver and HELLP syndrome. Alert to this diagnosis, its evaluation and treatment is important.
Polycystic ovarian syndrome - Prognosis and treatment outcomes; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Polycystic ovarian syndrome is the commonest endocrine disorder of reproductive-age women. It may have implications for women with regard to anovulatory infertility, insulin resistance and elevated androgens. Furthermore, patients are prone to health problems in later life, including diabetes and cardiovascular risk. This review provides an update of recent findings for the management of polycystic ovarian syndrome. RECENT FINDINGS: Studies have been performed to determine the best first-line medication for ovulation induction in polycystic ovarian syndrome. Meta-analyses have been performed to determine whether metformin should be used as an adjunct in IVF in women with this syndrome and to determine whether metformin or the oral contraceptive pill should be used for symptom control. Adverse features of this syndrome can be improved by diet and exercise. Evidence for the longer-term use of metformin to protect against adverse cardiovascular outcomes, and for its pregnancy use to reduce gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and fetal macrosomia is lacking, although evidence for a reduction in miscarriage in insulin-resistant patients is accumulating. SUMMARY: Recent studies have sought to clarify the serious short-term clinical problems faced by women with polycystic ovarian syndrome; however, studies looking to the long term to address cardiovascular and diabetic conversion are still required. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Incidence and risk patterns of venous thromboembolism in pregnancy and puerperium-a register-based case-control study; Objective: This study was undertaken to estimate the incidence of venous thromboembolism in pregnancy and puerperium and to identify risk factors for pregnancy-related venous thromboembolism. Study Design: A register-based case-control study with 613,232 pregnancies from 1990-2003 in 11 Norwegian counties. Medical records for eligible cases were revisited and relevant medical data were transferred to a specific case-report form. The diagnosis of venous thromboembolism was based on strict criteria. Data were analyzed by χ2 test and forward stepwise logistic regression. Results: In total, 615 cases were detected. The incidence of venous thromboembolism was 1 per 1000 pregnancies. The ante- and postnatal incidences were quite similar. Antenatal risk factors were assisted reproduction, gestational diabetes, age older than 35 years, multiple pregnancies, and primi-parity. Postnatal risk factors were cesarean section, preeclampsia, assisted reproduction, abruptio placenta, and placenta previa. Conclusion: We found different ante- and postnatal risk patterns. Assisted reproduction and gestational diabetes were significant antenatal risk factors; whereas cesarean section and preeclampsia were strong postnatal risk factors. © 2008 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Analysis of fetal heart rate in healthy and pathological pregnancies using wavelet-based features; In this paper, a new approach for feature extraction from the Fetal Heart Rate (FHR) signal is introduced. It considers the use of Continuous Wavelet Transform to extract wavelet-based features of FHR signal in order to discriminate the normal from the abnormal cases. The proposed methodology is tested on real data acquired before the beginning or during labor. The results proved the viability of the approach and its potential for further application. ©2007 IEEE.
Metformin versus insulin for the treatment of gestational diabetes; Background: Metformin is a logical treatment for women with gestational diabetes mellitus, but randomized trials to assess the efficacy and safety of its use for this condition are lacking. Methods: We randomly assigned 751 women with gestational diabetes mellitus at 20 to 33 weeks of gestation to open treatment with metformin (with supplemental insulin if required) or insulin. The primary outcome was a composite of neonatal hypoglycemia, respiratory distress, need for phototherapy, birth trauma, 5-minute Apgar score less than 7, or prematurity. The trial was designed to rule out a 33% increase (from 30% to 40%) in this composite outcome in infants of women treated with metformin as compared with those treated with insulin. Secondary outcomes included neonatal anthropometric measurements, maternal glycemic control, maternal hypertensive complications, postpartum glucose tolerance, and acceptability of treatment. Results: Of the 363 women assigned to metformin, 92.6% continued to receive metformin until delivery and 46.3% received supplemental insulin. The rate of the primary composite outcome was 32.0% in the group assigned to metformin and 32.2% in the insulin group (relative risk, 1.00; 95% confidence interval, 0.90 to 1.10). More women in the metformin group than in the insulin group stated that they would choose to receive their assigned treatment again (76.6% vs. 27.2%, P<0.001). The rates of other secondary outcomes did not differ significantly between the groups. There were no serious adverse events associated with the use of metformin. Conclusions: In women with gestational diabetes mellitus, metformin (alone or with supplemental insulin) is not associated with increased perinatal complications as compared with insulin. The women preferred metformin to insulin treatment. (Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry number, 12605000311651.) Copyright © 2008 Massachusetts Medical Society.
Cardiovascular disease risk profiles in women with histories of gestational diabetes but without current diabetes; OBJECTIVE: To compare the cardiovascular disease risk factor profiles of parous women with a history of gestational diabetes who had not developed diabetes, parous women with diagnosed diabetes, and parous women with neither condition. METHODS: We conducted cross-sectional analyses of 4,631 parous women who were not currently pregnant in the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (1988-1994). Women were classified by self-report as having a history of gestational diabetes who were not currently diabetic (n=85), diagnosed diabetics (n=218), or as having neither condition (n=4,328). We compared these groups with respect to cholesterol subtypes, blood pressure, uric acid, microalbuminuria, insulin, glucose, and clustering of risk factors, before and after adjustment for demographic and behavioral factors and central obesity. RESULTS: In unadjusted comparisons, women who had a history of gestational diabetes who were not currently diabetics had a more favorable or similar risk factor profile compared with unaffected women, with two exceptions: greater levels of mean fasting glucose (94.0 mg/dL compared with 106.8 mg/dL, P<.001) and mean fasting insulin (10.2 international units/L compared with 14.0 international units/L, P<.001). These patterns were attenuated after adjustment for demographic factors and waist circumference, but remained significant for fasting glucose and the ratio of urine microalbumin/creatinine. Parous women with diagnosed diabetes had significantly worse cardiovascular disease risk profiles than unaffected women before and after adjustment. CONCLUSION: Women who had a history of gestational diabetes who were not currently diabetics have a similar cardiovascular disease risk profile to unaffected women, with the exception of insulin and glucose levels. © 2008 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Evidence of interaction between PPARG2 and HNF4A contributing to variation in insulin sensitivity in mexican americans; OBJECTIVE--We hypothesized that interaction between PPARG2 Pro12Ala and variants in the promoter region of HNF4A are associated with type 2 diabetes-related quantitative traits in Mexican-American families of a proband with previous gestational diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-The BetaGene project genotyped PPARG2 Pro12Ala and nine HNF4A single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in 473 individuals in 89 families. Members of the proband generation had fasting glucose <126 mg/dl and were phenotyped by oral and intravenous glucose tolerance tests. RESULTS-Neither PPARG2 Pro12Ala nor any of the nine HNF4A SNPs were independently associated with type 2 diabetes-related quantitative traits. However, the interaction between PPARG2 Pro12Ala and HNF4A rs2144908 was significantly associated with both insulin sensitivity (S:) (Bonferroni P = 0.0006) and 2-h insulin (Bonferroni P = 0.039). Subjects with at least one PPARG2 Ala allele and homozygous for the HNF4A rs2144908 A allele had 40% higher S: I compared with individuals with at least one G allele. S I did not vary by rs2144908 genotype among PPARG2 Pro/Pro. The interaction result for S I was replicated by the Insulin Resistance Atherosclerosis Family Study (P = 0.018) in their San Antonio sample (n = 484) where subjects with at least one PPARG2 Ala allele and homozygous for the HNF4A rs2144908 A allele had a 29% higher S I compared with individuals with at least one G allele. However, the interaction was not replicated in their San Luis Valley sample (n = 496; P = 0.401). CONCLUSIONS-Together, these results suggest that variation in PPARG2 and HNF4A may interact to regulate insulin sensitivity in Mexican Americans at risk for type 2 diabetes. © 2008 by the American Diabetes Association.
Sex- and gender-aspects in regard to clinical practice recommendations for pre-diabetes and diabetes; Summary. Metabolic diseases dramatically affect life of men and women from infancy up to old age and are a major challenge for clinicians. Health professionals are confronted with different needs of women and men. This article aims at an increase of gender awareness and the implemention of current knowledge of gender medicine in daily clinical practice with regard to pre-diabetes and diabetes. Sex and gender affect screening and diagnosis of metabolic diseases as well as treatment strategies and outcome. Impaired glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution are related to steroid hormones and therefore impose their influence on cardiovascular health in both men and women. In women pre-diabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavourable changes of coagulation and blood pressure. Pre-diabetic and diabetic women are at much higher risk for vascular disease (x 36 compared to non-diabetic women) than diabetic men (x 23 compared to healthy males). Women are more often obese and less physically active. Whereas men predominantly feature impaired fasting glucose, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or the presence of a PCOS in women, on the other hand the presence of erectile dysfunction (ED) in men are sex specific risk factors for diabetes development. ED is a common feature of obese men with the Metabolic Syndrome and an important predictor of cardiovascular disease. Several studies showed that diabetic women reach their targets of metabolic control (HbA1c), blood pressure and LDL-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons for worse treatment outcome in diabetic females are not clear. Furthermore, sex differences in action, pharmacokinetics, and side effects of pharmacological therapy have to be taken into account. © Springer-Verlag 2009.
Postpartum adiponectin concentration, insulin resistance and metabolic abnormalities among women with pregnancy-induced disturbances; The authors compared postpartum adiponectin levels among women with prior pregnancy-induced disturbances and assessed their association with homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), the metabolic syndrome (MS), and the Framingham risk score (FRS). Women delivering in 1998 through 2001 and who had gestational diabetes mellitus (n=22), gestational hypertension (n=32), or preeclampsia (n=34) were examined 1 to 2 years after delivery and were grouped-matched to controls (n=29) by age and prepregnancy body mass index. HOMA-IR was increased, adiponectin values were decreased, and there was a higher MS prevalence in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (all P<.05). Adiponectin levels were inversely related to HOMA-IR (r=-0.45; P<.0001) and FRS (r=-0.25; P=.007), and a significant trend for decreasing adiponectin values with increased number of MS components was noted (P trend <.0001). Adiponectin concentration remained a significant correlate of FRS and MS irrespective of pregnancy history; a concentration <10.5 μg/mL provided the optimal cutoff to distinguish those with or without MS. Thus, a lower postpartum adiponectin concentration identifies women at increased cardiovascular risk regardless of pregnancy history. © 2008 Le Jacq.
Metabolic syndrome in childhood; The so-called epidemic of childhood obesity has increased the interest in the metabolic syndrome (MS) due to the potential projection into adulthood. Prevalence of the MS in adolescents has been estimated to be 6.7% in young adults and 4.2% in adolescents. Figures rise up to 28.7% in overweight and obese adolescents.The most widely accepted hypothesis links the syndrome to obesity. In the Bogalusa study, the best predictors were obesity and being in the upper quartile of basal insulin levels. Ethnic and genetic factors play a role in order to explain the syndrome in the non-obese population and the differences of interobesity.The relationship between MS and type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease is well established in adults. This association can be suggested in children as well, although the syndrome in childhood urgently needs to be clearly defined. In this age group, it is also of great interest to identify diagnosis criteria of the so-called pre-MS.Detection of the syndrome focuses mainly on obese and overweight young people. Other population groups such as newborns with low or high birth weight, infants with accelerated growth, or children of obese or with gestational diabetes mothers are at a higher risk of developing peripheral insulin resistance. The measurement of abdominal circumference can be a useful screening tool.Physical exercise and restriction of saturated and trans fatty acids are basic for treatment. If reducing weight is necessary, a reduction of carbohydrate intake, especially for refined sugars, must be emphasised. Dietary fibre improves insulin sensitivity. © 2007 The Authors.
Atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype and LDL size and subclasses in women with gestational diabetes; Aims: Women with gestational diabetes are more likely to develop Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease after pregnancy; however, the exact nature of the lipid alterations present is not clear. In Mediterranean women with gestational diabetes, we measured low-density lipoprotein (LDL) size and all seven subclasses, as well as the 'atherogenic-lipoprotein phenotype' [ALP, e.g. concomitant presence of elevated triglycerides, reduced high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and increased small, dense LDL]. Methods: In 27 women with gestational diabetes and 23 healthy pregnant women matched for age, weeks of gestation and body mass index, we measured plasma lipids and LDL size and subclasses by gradient gel electrophoresis between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation. Results: Although no significant differences were found in the concentrations of any of the plasma lipids, compared with control subjects women with gestational diabetes had lower LDL size (P = 0.0007) due to reduced LDL-I (P = 0.0074) and increased LDL-IVA (P = 0.0146) and -IVB (P < 0.0001) subclasses. Correlation analysis revealed that fasting glucose, homeostasis model assessment and glycated haemoglobin were inversely correlated with LDL-I and positively with LDL-IVA and -IVB (all P < 0.05). ALP due to high HDL-cholesterol levels was not seen in either group, whereas elevated small, dense LDL were more common in women with gestational diabetes than control subjects (33% vs. 4%, P = 0.0107). Conclusions: Increased levels of small, dense LDL are common in Mediterranean women with gestational diabetes. Whether these findings affect the atherogenic process and clinical end-points in these women remains to be determined by future prospective studies. © 2008 The Authors.
Postpartum birth control: State-of-the-art; It takes some six weeks for menstrual flow to come back after delivery, but an ovulation may occur from the twenty-fifth day, especially in the absence of bottle feeding. That is the reason why postpartum birth control must be gets onto in maternity wards. Obstetricians and midwives are supposed to deliver update information about variant contraceptive means. They have to be able to diagnose any risk factor and to prescribe an efficient contraceptive option to every woman who wishes for it, before she leaves the maternity ward. Recent studies incite us to amend our medical behaviour regarding postpartum contraception, even if there is no consensus at present. In a normal context, without any add on risk factor, it is possible to prescribe a birth control pill containing low dosage of combined oral contraceptives. Doing that, you will not expose the patient to an increased risk of deep venous thrombosis nor to significant breastfeeding disruption. Low-dose progestin-only pills are also a good choice because there are no risks during the lactation. When the patient suffers from some disease which stops you from giving combined oral contraceptives, it is still possible to resort to progestin-only. It is now admitted to insert an intra-uterine device from the fourth or sixth week following the delivery. In certain conditions, it can be inserted over the 48 hours following a delivery, some obstetrician would even insert it during the caesarean section. The main purpose of these recent references is to simplify the contraceptive outline in order to ease its prescription and to avoid unwanted pregnancies. © 2008 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Drug Insight: Insulin-sensitizing drugs in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome - A reappraisal; The recognition that insulin resistance has a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) revolutionized our understanding of this complex disorder. PCOS causes major metabolic and reproductive morbidities, including substantially increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and the metabolic syndrome. Insulin-sensitizing drugs (ISDs) ameliorate reproductive abnormalities, restore ovulation and regular menses, increase pregnancy rates and reduce androgenic symptoms in affected women with PCOS. Accordingly, ISDs, specifically metformin, have been widely adopted as therapy for this condition. A recent, large, randomized, multicenter, clinical trial that assessed live-birth rates rather than surrogate end points suggested that metformin alone is inferior to clomiphene citrate in treating infertility associated with PCOS. There is, furthermore, no evidence to support the use of metformin during pregnancy to prevent spontaneous abortions or gestational diabetes mellitus in women with PCOS. Renewed safety concerns about thiazolidinediones followed recent studies that reported increased cardiovascular morbidity with these agents. These concerns might preclude thiazolidinedione use in otherwise healthy women with PCOS. Finally, although ISDs improve insulin action and cardiovascular disease risk, there is no evidence that they provide long-term health benefits in PCOS. This article discusses the role of ISDs in PCOS in light of these new data. ©2008 Nature Publishing Group.
Metformin - A convenient alternative to insulin for Indian women with diabetes in pregnancy; Objective: To compare the use of metformin with that of insulin for the treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) unresponsive to diet therapy. Materials and Methods: In this prospective observational study, maternal glycemic control and perinatal outcome in diabetic pregnancies were compared between 2 obstetric units, one using insulin therapy and the other using metformin therapy. Baseline pretreatment glycemic profile was done and then repeated weekly throughout pregnancy. The outcome measures studied were glycemic control, maternal complications and perinatal outcome. Results: Sixty women with gestational and type 2 diabetes were enrolled, 30 each for metformin and insulin. Both groups were comparable with respect to age, body mass index (BMI), parity and pretreatment plasma glucose levels. Glycemic control was better with metformin after 1 week of therapy and also throughout gestation (P = 0.03-0.007). There were no major complications or perinatal deaths in this study. Mean gestational age and birth weight (2.9 ± 0.4 kg versus 3.1 ± 0.4 kg, P = 0.30) were comparable. However, there was a significant increase in neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission and stay for babies born in the insulin group. The cost of treatment was tenfold higher in thethe insulin group. Conclusion: Metformin is clinically effective, cheap and a safe alternative to insulin therapy in pregnant diabetic women.
A review of glycated albumin as an intermediate glycation index for controlling diabetes; Introduction: This article reviews glycated albumin (GA) as a potential intermediate-term glycation index to fill the gap between self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) and hemoglobin Alc testing in diabetes management. The introduction gives an assessment of available short-, medium-, and long-term glycemic indicators. Methodologies and Utility: Methods of GA measurement are summarized, and the variance of normal and diabetic GA values are discussed. Greatest uniformity in GA measurement is generally associated with immunoassay and the newer affinity chromatography methodologies utilized by reference laboratories. Utility of GA measurement includes its value as a marker for glycation, its substantial relationship to diabetes complications such as nephropathy and coronary artery disease, and as an unambiguous indicator of glycemic control in diabetes patients undergoing hemodialysis. Studies support the utility of GA in detecting short-term changes in glycemic control, and GA testing has been strongly recommended for gestational diabetes. Results and Discussion: The results of a survey with mailings to over 3500 diabetes care professionals primarily in the United States are outlined and analyzed (margin of error: +/-6.5%, 95% confidence). Respondents strongly supported the need for a test for intermediate glycemic control as well as the utility of a rapid GA test as a monthly glycemic indicator. Conclusions: Such a test, as yet unavailable, could increase compliance and enhance empowerment among diabetes patients. It also has the potential to reduce the number of recommended SMBG tests, which may result in significant health care cost savings. © Diabetes Technology Society.
Fetal programming by disturbed intrauterine environment - Fundamental mechanisms exemplified by the regulation of body weight and metabolism; Currently, epidemiological and experimental data indicate that exposures during prenatal and perinatal life may have lifelong consequences for the risk of developing obesity and metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. In this context, observations of the offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes as well as studies of children with low birth weight were most influential. This paper illustrates the current knowledge about perinatal programming of obesity and associated diseases and discusses possible etiopathogenic mechanisms, focussing on epidemiological and animal studies of the consequences of exposure to maternal diabetes and pre-/neonatal undernutrition. The resultant far-reaching potential for primary prevention of chronic diseases as well as the paradigmatic character of these hypotheses and observations for the general understanding of health and disease are highlighted. Copyright © 2008 S. Karger AG.
NTPDase and 5′-nucleotidase activities in platelets of human pregnants with a normal or high risk for thrombosis; The nucleotide degrading enzymes, ectonucleotidases, present on the platelet surface of human pregnant with a normal (without complications) or high risk for thrombosis (hypertension and gestational diabetes) were studied. NTPDase (E.C. 3.6.1.5, CD39) and 5′-nucleotidase (E.C. 3.1.3.5, CD73) activities of four patient groups, non-pregnant (NP, n = 18), pregnant without complications (P, n = 25), pregnant with hypertension (HP, n = 15) and pregnant with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDP, n = 10), were analyzed. Increased NTPDase activities were observed in the groups P (37.0%, S.D.= 2.03 and 34.0%, S.D.= 3.19), HP (40.0%, S.D.= 3.32 and 56.0%, S.D.= 3.25) and GDP (23.0%, S.D.= 2.30 and 42.0%, S.D.= 2.26) in comparison to the control group NP (p < 0.01, S.D.= 1.92 and S.D.= 2.48) when ATP and ADP were used as substrate, respectively. AMP was used as substrate to determine the 5′-nucleotidase activities, which showed to be elevated in the groups P (45.0%, S.D.= 1.73), HP (54.0%, S.D.= 2.64) and GDP (68.0%, S.D.= 1.69) when compared to the control group NP (p < 0.01, S.D.= 1.26). However, no statistically significant differences were observed between the groups P, HP and GDP. As a consequence, the enhanced ATP, ADP and AMP hydrolysis was ascribed to the pregnancy itself, independent of a normal or high risk for thrombosis. The enhanced NTPDase and 5′-nucleotidase activities in platelets suggest that these enzymes are involved in the thromboregulation process in the pregnancy. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2007.
Maternal nutrition: Effects on health in the next generation; Nearly 20 years ago, it was discovered that low birthweight was associated with an increased risk of adult diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). This led to the hypothesis that exposure to undernutrition in early life increases an individual's vulnerability to these disorders, by 'programming' permanent metabolic changes. Implicit in the programming hypothesis is that improving the nutrition of girls and women could prevent common chronic diseases in future generations. Research in India has shown that low birthweight children have increased CVD risk factors, and a unique birth cohort in Delhi has shown that low infant weight, and rapid childhood weight gain, increase the risk of type 2 diabetes. Progress has been made in understanding the role of specific nutrients in the maternal diet. In the Pune Maternal Nutrition Study, low maternal vitamin B12 status predicted increased adiposity and insulin resistance in the children, especially if the mother was folate replete. It is not only maternal undernutrition that causes problems; gestational diabetes, a form of foetal overnutrition (glucose excess), is associated with increased adiposity and insulin resistance in the children, highlighting the adverse effects of the 'double burden' of malnutrition in developing countries, where undernutrition and overnutrition co-exist. Recent intervention studies in several developing countries have shown that CVD risk factors in the offspring can be improved by supplementing undernourished mothers during pregnancy. Results differ according to the population, the intervention and the post-natal environment. Ongoing studies in India and elsewhere seek to understand the long-term effects of nutrition in early life, and how best to translate this knowledge into policies to improve health in future generations.
Intrapartum fetal ECG and diabetes; Aim. The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence and types of ST-segment changes of the fetal electrocardiogram (FECG) during labour in term fetuses born to mothers with diabetes mellitus (DM) or gestational diabetes. Methods. This was a retrospective case-control study involving populations from two multi centre trials: the Swedish Randomized Control Trial and the European Union ST-analysis (EU-STAN) trial. ST-segment changes were assessed in 104/309 cases and 207/468 controls from the Swedish and EU-STAN trials, respectively. Results. ST depression was present on the FECG in 22.1% of fetuses of mothers with DM compared to 12% of controls OR = 2.6, 95% CI = 1.4-4.7, p = 0.002 after adjusting for trial, birth weight, and nulliparity. ST elevation was present in 47.1% of DM patients and 41.2% of controls (OR = 1.4, 95% CI = 0.9-2.3, p = 0.18). Conclusion. ST depression on the FECG was significantly more prevalent in the fetuses of mothers with DM, probably not indicating hypoxia but an altered ability of the myocardium to respond to the stress of labour. Further studies into the mechanism of fetal compromise during diabetic labour, are required. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd.
Changes in plasma lipids and increased low-density lipoprotein susceptibility to oxidation in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes: consequences of obesity; Dyslipidemia is associated with increased low-density lipoprotein (LDL) susceptibility to oxidation, a phenomenon associated with endothelial dysfunction, atherosclerosis, cell toxicity, and intrauterine growth retardation. The present study was designed to determine if women developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have both increased plasma lipids and LDL susceptibility to oxidation throughout pregnancy. We also wanted to study the effects of obesity upon these parameters. A nested case-control study was carried out in 45 women with uncomplicated pregnancies and 62 women diagnosed with GDM following the criteria of the American Diabetes Association. In all women, blood was drawn at 15, 24, and 32 weeks of gestation. Low-density lipoprotein oxidation was initiated by the addition of CuCl2, and formation of conjugated dienes was monitored. Glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, vitamin E, estradiol, and progesterone were determined. In GDM, elevated levels of glucose, cholesterol, and triglycerides were observed when compared with the control group even in the first trimester, before the detection of diabetes. In the control group, the lag phase in the LDL oxidation was 85.3, 84.4, and 95.6 minutes at 15, 24, and 32 weeks of pregnancy, compared with 63.3, 63.4, and 74.5 minutes in the GDM group (P < .001 in the 3 periods). These differences remained when adjusted for the body mass index. In a multiple linear regression analysis, a negative correlation was observed between the lag phase and the body mass index (P < .001) and cholesterol (P < .001), whereas a positive one appeared with vitamin E (P < .05) and time of gestation (P < .001). In pregnancy, GDM increases LDL susceptibility to oxidation. Obesity and hypercholesterolemia further exacerbate this effect. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Transposition of the great arteries; Transposition of the great arteries (TGA), also referred to as complete transposition, is a congenital cardiac malformation characterised by atrioventricular concordance and ventriculoarterial (VA) discordance. The incidence is estimated at 1 in 3,500-5,000 live births, with a male-to-female ratio 1.5 to 3.2:1. In 50% of cases, the VA discordance is an isolated finding. In 10% of cases, TGA is associated with noncardiac malformations. The association with other cardiac malformations such as ventricular septal defect (VSD) and left ventricular outflow tract obstruction is frequent and dictates timing and clinical presentation, which consists of cyanosis with or without congestive heart failure. The onset and severity depend on anatomical and functional variants that influence the degree of mixing between the two circulations. If no obstructive lesions are present and there is a large VSD, cyanosis may go undetected and only be perceived during episodes of crying or agitation. In these cases, signs of congestive heart failure prevail. The exact aetiology remains unknown. Some associated risk factors (gestational diabetes mellitus, maternal exposure to rodenticides and herbicides, maternal use of antiepileptic drugs) have been postulated. Mutations in growth differentiation factor-1 gene, the thyroid hormone receptor-associated protein-2 gene and the gene encoding the cryptic protein have been shown implicated in discordant VA connections, but they explain only a small minority of TGA cases. The diagnosis is confirmed by echocardiography, which also provides the morphological details required for future surgical management. Prenatal diagnosis by foetal echocardiography is possible and desirable, as it may improve the early neonatal management and reduce morbidity and mortality. Differential diagnosis includes other causes of central neonatal cyanosis. Palliative treatment with prostaglandin E1 and balloon atrial septostomy are usually required soon after birth. Surgical correction is performed at a later stage. Usually, the Jatene arterial switch operation is the procedure of choice. Whenever this operation is not feasible, adequate alternative surgical approach should be implemented. With the advent of newer and improved surgical techniques and post operative intensive care, the long-term survival is approximately 90% at 15 years of age. However, the exercise performance, cognitive function and quality of life may be impaired. © 2008 Martins and Castela; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Evaluation of children with metabolic syndrome in terms of clinical and laboratory findings; The aim of this study to identify clinical and laboratory findings of children with metabolic syndrome as the metabolic syndrome is becomig an important health problem in our population This study was conducted in the Outpatient Clinics of Pediatrics and Pediatric Endocrinology in Sişli Etfal Training and Research Hospital. A total of 52 patients attended for obesity, hypertension and dislipidemia from January 2006 to January 2007 were included. Clinical and laboratory findings were evaluated. Partcipants were divided into two groups according to NCEP ATP III criteria for metabolic syndrome [MS(+) group n:29 & MS(-) group n:23]. There were 26 girls and 26 boys with an age range of 0 to 14 years. 86% of participants were obese and 60% of obese patients had metabolic syndrome. Although not statistically significant, family history of stroke and gestational diabetes mellitus were encountered more frequently in the MS(+) group compared to MS(-) group. CRP levels were not different, but ferritin and fibrinogen levels were higher in MS(+) group than in MS(-) group (p=0.038 and p=0.001 respectively). Additional to known risk factors relative risk for metabolic syndrome was 6.2 for children with a family history of stroke . Insuin resistance and metabolic syndrome has been a health problem threatening children. Our results should be supported with larger population based studies.
Overweight and the metabolic syndrome in adult offspring of women with diet-treated gestational diabetes mellitus or type 1 diabetes; Context: In animal studies, exposure to intrauterine hyperglycemia increases the risk of cardiovascular disease through only partly understood epigenetic mechanisms. Human long-term follow-up studies on the same topic are few. Objective: The aim was to study the risk of overweight and the metabolic syndrome in adult offspring of women with diet-treated gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or type 1 diabetes, and additionally to study associations between estimates of maternal hyperglycemia and outcome in the offspring. Design and Setting: We conducted a follow-up study of 1066 primarily Caucasian women aged 18-27 yr in the Center for Pregnant Women with Diabetes, Rigshospitalet, Copenhagen, Denmark. Participants: Offspring of women with diet-treated GDM (n = 168) and an unexposed reference group (n = 141) participated, as well as offspring of women with type 1 diabetes (n = 160) and offspring from the background population representing an unexposed reference group (n = 128). The follow-up rate was 56% (597 of 1066). Main Outcome Measures: Women with body mass index of at least 25 kg/m2 were considered overweight. The metabolic syndrome was determined by the International Diabetes Federation 2006 criteria. Results: The risk of overweight was doubled in offspring of women with diet-treated GDM or type 1 diabetes compared with offspring from the background population, whereas the risk of the metabolic syndrome was 4- and 2.5-fold increased, respectively. Offspring risk of the metabolic syndrome increased significantly with increasing maternal fasting blood glucose as well as 2-h blood glucose (during oral glucose tolerance test). Conclusions: Adult offspring of women with diet-treated GDM or type 1 diabetes are risk groups for overweight and the metabolic syndrome. Intrauterine hyperglycemia may in addition to genetics and other factors contribute to the pathogenesis of overweight and the metabolic syndrome. Copyright © 2009 by The Endocrine Society.
Long-term effects of diabetes during pregnancy on the offspring; Background: Many epidemiological and experimental studies have proven that some adult diseases might have their origin in fetal life. It has been also hypothesized that intra-uterine environment in pregnancy complicated with diabetes might influence the development of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases in the offspring. Objectives: To assess glucose metabolism, insulin secretion, and prevalence of obesity in the offspring of mothers with pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to evaluate the relationship between maternal metabolic control during pregnancy and metabolic disturbances in children. Subjects: Children of mothers with PGDM (n = 43) and GDM (n = 34) were examined at 4-9 yr of age and compared with the control group (n = 108; metabolic parameters available for n = 29). Methods: The incidence of overweight and obesity, impaired glucose tolerance, and insulin resistance were analyzed based on anthropometric and biochemical measurements. Statistical analysis was performed with statistica package. Results: In children of GDM mothers, body mass index z-score (0.81 ± 1.01 vs. -0.04 ± 1.42 PGDM vs. 0.07 ± 1.28 control group) and insulin resistance indices (homeostasis model assessment index - insulin resistance 1.112 vs. 0.943 PGDM vs. 0.749 control group) were significantly higher than in other groups. Obesity and insulin resistance were also most frequent in GDM group [not significant (NS)]. In addition, we observed the relationship between maternal hemoglobin A1c and mean glycemia in perinatal period and insulin resistance in children. There was not such correlation for the class of maternal diabetes. Conclusion: Children born to mothers with gestational diabetes seem to be at risk for obesity and metabolic disturbances. © 2009 The Authors. Journal compilation © 2009 Blackwell Munksgaard.
Indications for induction of labour: A best-evidence review; Background Rates of labour induction are increasing. Objectives To review the evidence supporting indications for induction. Search strategy We listed indications for labour induction and then reviewed the evidence. We searched MEDLINE and the Cochrane Library between 1980 and April 2008 using several terms and combinations, including induction of labour, premature rupture of membranes, post-term pregnancy, preterm prelabour rupture of membranes (PROM), multiple gestation, suspected macrosomia, diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus, cardiac disease, fetal anomalies, systemic lupus erythematosis, oligohydramnios, alloimmunization, rhesus disease, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (IHCP), and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). We performed a review of the literature supporting each indication. Selection criteria We identified 1387 abstracts and reviewed 418 full text articles. We preferentially included high-quality systematic reviews or large randomised trials. Where no such studies existed, we included the best evidence available from smaller randomised trials and observational studies. Main results We included 34 full text articles. For each indication, we assigned levels of evidence and grades of recommendation based upon the GRADE system. Recommendations for induction of labour for post-term gestation, PROM at term, and premature rupture of membranes near term with pulmonary maturity are supported by the evidence. Induction for IUGR before term reduces intrauterine fetal death, but increases caesarean deliveries and neonatal deaths. Evidence is insufficient to support induction for women with insulin-requiring diabetes, twin gestation, fetal macrosomia, oligohydramnios, cholestasis of pregnancy, maternal cardiac disease and fetal gastroschisis. Authors' conclusions Research is needed to determine risks and benefits of induction for many commonly advocated clinical indications. © RCOG 2009 BJOG An International Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology.
Excursion index of the septum primum in Thai fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers at 32 to 35 weeks' gestation; Objective: To compare excursion index of the septum primum (EISP) among Thai fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers (FGDMs) with and without septal hypertrophy (SH) and those of nondiabetic mothers from 32 to 35 weeks' gestation. Material and Method: Fetuses of Thai pregnant women were recruited for prenatal 2-dimensional echocardiographic measurements of the EISP (the ratio between the linear displacement of the flap valve of septum primum and the left atrial diameter) at 32 to 35 weeks' gestation. All had confirmed gestational age and normal structural scanning. The EISP was compared among gestational age - matched 15 FGDMs with SH, 18 FGDMs with normal septal thickness, and 20 fetuses of nondiabetic mothers. The data were presented as mean and standard deviation (SD). Analysis of variance (ANOVA) was used to compare the EISP of the three groups. Results: Fifty-three measurements were obtained. Comparison among the three groups showed that the mean and SD of the EISP were 0.27 ± 0.04, 0.50 ± 0.04 and 0.51 ± 0.05 in FGDMs with SH, normal septal thickness and those of nondiabetic mothers, respectively. The analysis demonstrated that the EISP was significantly less than in FGDMs with SH when compared to the FGDMs with normal septal thickness and those of nondiabetic mothers (p < 0.01). There was no significant difference in the EISP of the FGDMs with normal septal thickness and those of nondiabetic mothers (p = 0.16). Conclusion: Mobility of the septum primum in FGDMs with septal hypertrophy is reduced. This may indicate a higher preload compared to FGDMs with normal septal thickness and those of nondiabetic mothers.
Acanthosis nigricans: A common finding in overweight youth; We evaluated the prevalence of acanthosis nigricans among urban youth. Youth (7-17 years) at nine pediatric practices completed surveys on demographics and family history of diabetes and had weight and height measured. Acanthosis nigricans was scored and digital photography of the neck performed. A total of 618 youth were included in the analysis: mean age 11.5 years; 51% female; 61% African American, 27% Hispanic, 12% Caucasian, and 32% with body mass index ≥95th percentile. Acanthosis was found in 19%, 23%, and 4% of the African American, Hispanic, and Caucasian youth, respectively, and in 62% of youth with a body mass index ≥98th percentile. Using multiple logistic regression, we found increasing body mass index z-score, presence of maternal gestational diabetes, female gender, and not being Caucasian each were independently associated with acanthosis nigricans. Acanthosis was common among overweight youth and was associated with risk factors for glucose homeostasis abnormalities. Acanthosis nigricans can be a trigger to counsel families on its causes and consequences; and thus motivate them to make healthy lifestyle changes that can decrease the risk of developing cardiovascular disease or diabetes. © 2007 The Authors.
Pregnancy Complicated by Obesity: Midwifery Management; Obesity-related comorbidities such as gestational diabetes and hypertension have the potential to affect at least 25% of women in the United States. Midwives have been caring for and collaboratively managing these conditions in nonobese women for decades. Prenatal weight gain advice should be based on pregravid body mass index and aim for the lower end of the 1990 Institute of Medicine prenatal weight gain ranges. Obese women may require extra ultrasound and blood glucose testing during pregnancy. Pregnancy complicated by obesity may limit the place and style of birth. Midwives can integrate management techniques into the perinatal care of women whose body mass indices exceed 29 to reduce risk and future disease for mothers and newborns. © 2009 American College of Nurse-Midwives.
Medical Issues from Preconception Through Delivery: A Roadmap for the Internist; The age of the pregnant population and the number of pregnant women with medical issues are increasing. It is widely recognized that internists have the unique opportunity to identify potential pregnancy issues and address them before a problem arises. Therefore, it's important that we become aware of how to approach these issues. In addition to addressing medical issues in a currently pregnant woman, doctors also have the opportunity to identify issues that occurred during a prior pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, or pregnancy loss, and to decrease the risk of complications in future pregnancies. The goal of this article is to provide a roadmap to practicing internists so they will incorporate pregnancy planning into their everyday care plans. The approach is similar to that used when performing a preoperative risk assessment: We want to optimize our patients medically for pregnancy. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Increased intima-media thickness of carotid arteries and cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; Background Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at an increased risk of the development of type 2 diabetes. Cardiovascular disease is the main reason for the death of individuals with type 2 diabetes. The aim of the study was to find out if women with previous GDM already have the early signs of atherosclerosis and the components of cardiovascular disease. Patients and We have compared the intima-media thickness (IMT) and metabolic and cardiovascular risk methods factors of 15 women being from three months to two years after delivery, with previous GDM to 9 post-gestational women with normal glucose tolerance. High-resolution ultrasonography for the noninvasive measurement of the intima-media thickness has been used. The IMT has been expressed as the mean of the three measurements of the far wall at three different sites of the carotid arteries (the common carotid artery, carotid bifurcation and internal carotid artery). The fasting blood glucose, HbA1c, lipid profile, resting blood pressure, waist circumference, body mass index and the smoking status have also been evaluated. Results Women with GDM (age 30.8 ± 6.0 years) compared to women with normal glucose tolerance (age 29.7 ± 2.9 years) have significantly increased IMT of all measured part of the carotid tree (mean left and right sites of the common carotid artery: 0.61 ± 0.08 mm in GDM vs. 0.53 ± 0.03 mm in control, p = < 0.05; carotid bifurcation: 0.85 ± 0.24 mm in GDM vs. 0.62 ± 0.1 mm in control, p = < 0.05; internal carotid artery: 0.66 ± 0.1 mm in GDM vs. 0.53 ± 0.1 mm in control, p = < 0.01). The two groups significantly differ from the body mass index, body waist circumference, in the level of fasting blood glucose and triglyceride, but there are no differences between the groups in the level of whole cholesterol, HDL in LDL cholesterol, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, HbA1c and smoking status. The metabolic syndrome is present in 33.3 percent of women with previous GDM and zero percent of the control group. Conclusions The significantly increased intima-media thickness of carotid arteries in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus vs. women with normal glucose tolerance, demonstrates that women with previous GDM already have early signs of atherosclerosis. The results demonstate the increased risk of cardiovascular disease as well. They also suggest that these women are at high risk not only for type 2 diabetes but also for cardiovascular disease and need appropriate preventive management.
Insulin resistance: The possible link between gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; Gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and diabetes are all associated with increased risks of poor maternal and perinatal outcomes. Pregnant women with gestational diabetes have been shown in population studies to have increased risk of pregnancy-associated hypertension compared with nondiabetic women. Moreover, pregnant patients with hypertension are at increased risk for developing gestational diabetes mellitus. It has been hypothesized that this association could be due, at least in part, to insulin resistance. Although insulin resistance is a physiologic phenomenon in normal pregnancy, in predisposed individuals this could lead to hyperinsulinemia with the development of gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, or both. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009.
Diabetes mellitus in India: The modern scourge; India has a high prevalence of diabetes mellitus and the numbers are increasing at an alarming rate. In India alone, diabetes is expected to increase from 40.6 million in 2006 to 79.4 million by 2030. Studies have shown that the prevalence of diabetes in urban Indian adults is about 12.1%, the onset of which is about a decade earlier than their western counterparts and the prevalence of Type 2 diabetes is 4-6 times higher in urban than in rural areas. The risk factors peculiar for developing diabetes among Indians include high familial aggregation, central obesity, insulin resistance and life style changes due to urbanization. Screening for gestational diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance among pregnant women provides a scope for primary prevention of the disease in mothers as well as in their children. The problems of obesity and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) (important predisposing factors) are not confined to adults alone but children are also increasingly getting affected. Most long standing macro and micro vascular complications are also more common among Indian diabetics as compared to other races and ethnic groups. A strong familial clustering of diabetic nephropathy among Indian Type 2 diabetics has also been noted. Clustering of cardiovascular risk factor like Syndrome X is common among urban Indians. The rising incidence of diabetes and its complications are going to pose a grave health care burden on our country. Timely effective interventions/measures and screening tests for complications at the time of diagnosis becomes imperative not only for early detection, but also to prevent progression to end stage disease. Screening for gestational diabetes among pregnant women would also go a long way in primary prevention of the disease. Life style changes/ interventions and drugs like rosiglitazone are the current strategies that can prevent and/or delay the onset of diabetes. Simple interventional strategies like "Eat less, Eat on time and Walk more" can go a long way in preventing these chronic disorders among present as well as in the future generations.
Insulin resistance in women's health: Why it matters and how to identify it; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To examine the significance of insulin resistance in women's health and review methods for diagnosing it. RECENT FINDINGS: Clinical phenotypes in conjunction with standard clinical biochemical assays, that is, the metabolic syndrome, remain the key method to diagnose insulin resistance in clinical practice. Candidate alleles from type 2 diabetes offer little predictive value for cardiovascular events beyond traditional risk factors. Simple environmental factors such as irregular meal frequency appear to increase the risk of the metabolic syndrome and require greater scrutiny. Pregnancy complications, particularly gestational diabetes and preeclampsia in the mother and preterm birth in the fetus are events that suggest elevated risk for future cardiovascular morbidity in those affected. SUMMARY: Clinical phenotypes of insulin resistance identify women at risk for perinatal and reproductive complications. © 2009 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Haemodynamic contributions to the pathogenesis of preeclampsia and eclampsia; The pathophysiologic sequence of preeclampsia has been tightly linked to the presumed presence of a pathologicmolecule of placental origin, the most recent Toxin of Toxaemia. While it is clear that the presence of the placenta is required for disease because placental removal initiates recovery, the specific placental signal centrally involved in this sequence remains unknown. There are significant limitations to the proposed "two stage" theory of preeclampsia which is hypothesized to be initiated by disordered placental invasion. Alternative to this hypothesis is that the placental signal of importance in the development of maternal hypertension and proteinuria is a physiologic one and involves the drive towards volume expansion. Evidence in animal models of pregnancy further suggest that normal physiologic changes in pregnancy occurring within the cerebral circulation may predispose to the development of vasogenic oedema without the need for additional explanatory toxins or pathways. When these physiologic events are superimposed on a specific prepregnancy phenotype, preeclampsia results. Similar to the way that gestational diabetes uncovers prepregnancy predispositions to diabetes and is associated with the development of diabetes mellitus in later life preeclampsia appears to uncover a predisposition to cardiovascular disease. Some elements of this predisposition may be identified through prepregnancy evaluation. These elements include platelet activation, augmented sympathetic tone and a pro-inflammatory cytokine environment which may likewise contribute to the development of cardiovascular disease in later life. © 2008 Cambridge University Press.
Is a history of gestational diabetes related to risk factors for coronary heart disease?; Coronary heart disease (CHD) risk in 20 non-diabetic women with and 20 without a distant history of gestational diabetes (hGDM), matched on age, body mass index, and time since GDM-affected pregnancy, was compared in a case control study. Women with an hGDM had lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), p<checkentity>1/4</checkentity>.02, and higher triglycerides, p.001, versus controls. The combination of high triglycerides and low HDL-c occurred in 25% of hGDM cases versus 0% of controls, p.01. Two-hour post-load glucose indicated that 45% of hGDM cases were pre-diabetic versus 20% of controls, p.05. Non-diabetic women with a distant hGDM are at increased risk for DM and may be at increased risk for CHD. © 2009 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Gestational diabetes, pregnancy hypertension, and late vascular disease; The complexity of the several pathogenic pathways that cause hypertension and vascular disease and the prolonged interval that appears to predate clinical morbidity have hindered inquiry into the association between GDM and vascular disorders. As a forme fruste of later type 2 diabetes, GDM-affected gravidas are identified as at risk of diabetes-related atherosclerosis, glomerular disruption, and pathogenic retinal angiogenesis. That GDM is evidence for underlying chronic conditions such as dysregulation of innate immune response that, independent of the diabetic state, produces vascular disease is difficult to assert with the present published literature. Cross-sectional studies of patients with established gestational hypertension or preeclampsia are ambiguous as to the possible pathogenic effect of insulin resistance. Cohort studies initiated in early and mid-pregnancy show evidence that both gestational hypertension and preeclampsia may be more prevalent in gravidas with greater insulin resistance. The association of gestational glucose intolerance with gestational hypertension appears to be independent of obesity and ambient glycemia but explained in part by insulin resistance. Late pregnancy preeclampsia is associated with elevated mid-pregnancy BMI, blood pressure, fasting glucose and insulin, urate, and C-reactive protein, suggestive of metabolic and immune dysregulation. GDM appears to be associated with overexpressed innate immune response, which, in turn, is associated with vascular dysfunction and vascular disease. Among women with GDM, markers of insulin resistance do not appear to correlate with hypertension in short-term cohort studies. However, when non-GDM subjects are compared with subjects with GDM, postpregnancy studies do show an association of insulin resistance with both inflammatory dysregulation and vascular dysfunction. Cohort studies that have used population-based pregnancy databases consistently identify a clinically significant association of both gestational hypertension and preeclampsia with later hypertensive disorders. Associations with coronary artery disease or stroke are less consistent, requiring further investigation. Preventing the evolution of diabetes and lipid and immune dysregulation of the metabolic syndrome has become a salient public health issue because of the epidemic of childhood and early adulthood obesity and the opportunity at hand to treat insulin resistance by behavioral and pharmacological interventions. However, limited available literature highlights the need for long-term cohort studies of women with well-characterized metabolic and vascular profiles during pregnancy and decades later. Our present knowledge suggests that screening for GDM provides an opportunity of pregnancy outcome improvement. Limited studies of diabetes prevention in at-risk patient groups suggest that we may have the opportunity to reduce the risk of later diabetes. Additional investigation is required to determine if interventions that prevent or postpone diabetes also delay the onset of vascular disease. © 2007 by the American Diabetes Association.
Relationship between gestational diabetes and metabolic syndrome; Background: The metabolic syndrome (MS) is associated to a significant increase in the risk of diabetes, coronary heart disease and stroke, resulting in a 5-fold increase of the cardiovascular death rate. Aim: To determine the relationship between gestational diabetes (GD) and the development of MS at the end of puerperal period. Patients and Methods: We conducted a case-control study in the Curanilahue Hospital, in southern Chile, including 58 women with GD during their pregnancy, studied in day 42 of their puerperal period (study group) and 58 puerperal women from the same hospital, who had a physiological pregnancy (control group). Triglycerides, HDL cholesterol, fasting and post prandial blood glucose levels, blood pressure, waist circumference, weight and height were measured. MS was diagnosed using the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP - ATP III) criteria. Results: Mean weight, body mass index, waist circumference, blood glucose and triglycerides were significantly higher in the study group and HDL cholesterol was significantly lower in the control group. Conclusions: These results suggest a significant relationship between GD and the ocurrence of MS.
Differences in low-grade chronic inflammation and insulin resistance in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Background. Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are both characterized by an increase in insulin resistance. Our goal in the present study was to measure insulin resistance (as estimated by homeostasis model assessment, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) and adiponectin concentrations) and parameters of low-grade inflammation in non-diabetic, non-hyperandrogenic ovulatory women with previous GDM (pGDM) and in non-diabetic women with classic PCOS, characterized by hyperandrogenism and oligo/anovulation. Patients and design. We evaluated 20 women with PCOS, 18 women with pGDM and 19 controls, all matched according to body mass index (BMI). Fasting blood samples were drawn in all women 3-6 days after spontaneous or dydrogesterone-induced withdrawal bleeding. Body fat distribution was assessed using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry in all women. Results. After adjusting for age and percent body fat, measures of insulin resistance such as SHBG and adiponectin concentrations were decreased and central obesity was increased in women with PCOS and pGDM compared with controls (all p<0.05). Parameters of low-grade inflammation such as serum tumor necrosis factor-α and highly sensitive C-reactive protein concentrations, white blood cell and neutrophil count were increased only in women with PCOS compared with BMI-matched controls (all p<0.05). Conclusions. Certain markers of insulin resistance are increased in both women with PCOS and women with pGDM, while low-grade inflammation is increased only in PCOS. PCOS and GDM might represent specific phenotypes of one disease entity with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, whereby women with PCOS demonstrate an augmented cardiovascular risk profile. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd.
Prevalence of selected risk behaviors and chronic diseases--Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS), 39 steps communities, United States, 2005.; PROBLEM: Behavioral risk factors (e.g., tobacco use, poor diet, and physical inactivity) can lead to chronic diseases. In 2005, of the 10 leading causes of death in the United States, seven (heart disease, cancer, stroke, chronic lower respiratory diseases, diabetes, Alzheimer's disease, and kidney disease) were attributable to chronic disease. Chronic diseases also adversely affect the quality of life of an estimated 90 million persons in the United States, resulting in illness, disability, extended pain and suffering, and major limitations in daily living. REPORTING PERIOD COVERED: 2005. DESCRIPTION OF THE SYSTEM: CDC's Steps Program funds 40 selected U.S. communities to address six leading causes of death and disability and rising health-care costs in the United States: obesity, diabetes, asthma, physical inactivity, poor nutrition, and tobacco use. In 2005, a total of 39 Steps communities conducted a survey to collect adult health outcome data. The survey instrument was a modified version of the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) survey, a community-based, random-digit--dialing telephone survey with a multistage cluster design. The survey instrument collected information on health risk behaviors and preventive health practices among noninstitutionalized adults aged >/=18 years. RESULTS: Prevalence estimates of risk behaviors and chronic conditions varied among the 39 Steps communities that reported data for 2005. The proportion of the population that achieved Healthy People 2010 (HP 2010) objectives also varied among the communities. The estimated prevalence of obesity (defined as having a body mass index [BMI] of >/=30.0 kg/m(2) as calculated from self-reported weight and height) ranged from 15.6% to 44.0%. No communities reached the HP2010 objective of reducing the proportion of adults who are obese to 15.0%. The prevalence of diagnosed diabetes (excluding gestational diabetes) ranged from 4.3% to 16.6%. Eighteen communities achieved the HP2010 objective to increase the proportion of adults with diabetes who have at least an annual foot examination to 75.0%; five communities achieved the HP2010 objective to increase the proportion of adults with diabetes who have an annual dilated eye examination to 75.0%. The prevalence of reported asthma ranged from 7.0% to 17.6%. Among those who reported having asthma, the prevalence of having no symptoms of asthma during the preceding 30 days ranged from 15.4% to 40.3% for 10 communities with sufficient data for estimates. The prevalence of respondents who engaged in moderate physical activity for >/=30 minutes at least five times a week or who reported vigorous physical activity for >/=20 minutes at least three times a week ranged from 42.0% to 62.2%. The prevalence of consumption of fruits and vegetables at least five times a day ranged from 15.6% to 30.3%. The estimated prevalence among respondents aged >/=18 years who reported having smoked >/=100 cigarettes in their lifetime and who were current smokers on every day or some days at the time of the survey ranged from 11.0% to 39.7%. One community achieved the HP2010 objective to reduce the proportion of adults who smoke to 12.0%. Among smokers, the prevalence of having stopped smoking for >/=1 day as a result of trying to quit smoking during the previous 12 months ranged from 47.8% to 63.3% for 31 communities. No communities reached the HP2010 objective of increasing smoking cessation attempts by adult smokers to 75%. INTERPRETATION: The findings in this report indicate variations in health risk behaviors, chronic conditions, and use of preventive health screenings and health services. These findings underscore the continued need to evaluate intervention programs at the community level and to design and implement policies to reduce morbidity and mortality caused by chronic disease. PUBLIC HEALTH ACTION: Steps BRFSS data can be used to monitor the prevalence of specific health behaviors, diseases, conditions, and use of preventive health services. Steps Program staff at the national, state, local, and tribal levels can use BRFSS data to demonstrate accountability to stakeholders, monitor progress in meeting program objectives, focus programs on activities with the greatest promise of results, identify opportunities for strategic collaboration, and identify and disseminate successes and lessons learned.
Metabolic syndrome: Syndrome X, Y, Z⋯?; Metabolic syndrome, or "syndrome X," as it is often called, is the variable combination of obesity, hypercholesterolemia and hypertension, linked by an underlying resistance to insulin. This condition is often associated with excess insulin secretion. The syndrome was first described by Reaven in 1998, but its principal component of obesity was not initially emphasized. Retrospective data from the National Health Nutritional Survey for the period 1988 to 1994 implied that 47-million Americans had metabolic syndrome. Today, it is estimated that 1 in every 4 adults in the United States (approximately 70-million individuals) has metabolic syndrome. The fact that metabolic syndrome is so common and that it is associated with serious negative health outcomes, qualifies it as the number-1 public health problem facing several Western societies. Although the metabolic syndrome is identified as a major cause of cardiovascular disease, it is less apparent that it increases deaths and disabilities from all causes, and underlies numerous diseases, including: female reproductive disorders (polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)), non-alcoholic fatty-liver disease, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, gestational diabetes mellitus, significant changes in body eicosanoid status, inflammatory disease, poor cognitive function, Alzheimer's disease and certain cancers. The aim of this paper is to show how a multifaceted approach, which includes lifestyle changes and nutritional interventions, can help to both prevent and treat metabolic syndrome.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and transposition of great arteries associated with maternal diabetes and presumed gestational diabetes; Maternal diabetes mellitus affects the foetal heart both structurally and functionally. In early gestation, it has a teratogenic effect causing defects of primary cardiogenesis. In late gestation, it causes a unique form of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. We report an infant of a diabetic mother and an infant where there was presumed gestational diabetes during the pregnancy who presented with combined severe hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and complex transposition of the great arteries. This rare combination of structural and functional cardiac abnormalities reflects the different mechanisms and timings of injury that may occur to the foetal heart in association with maternal diabetes and has not been previously reported. The combination has significant implications regarding medical and surgical management, and necessitates prolonged supportive therapy whilst awaiting regression of the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy followed by delayed arterial switch operation. Conclusion: We describe two infants with the unusual combination of both hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and transposition of the great arteries. One was an infant of a diabetic mother, and the second was associated with presumed gestational diabetes. ©2008 The Author(s).
Early manifestation of cardiovascular disease risk factors in offspring of mothers with previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus; This study investigated the long-term adverse effects of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in offspring. A total of 298 offspring (202 offspring of GDM mothers and 96 offspring of mothers with impaired glucose tolerance [IGT]) participated in the study. CVD risk factors included elevated body mass index (BMI), skinfold thickness, body fat, blood pressure, lipid profiles, and glucose values measured with a 2 h oral glucose tolerance test. The BMI of offspring ≥5 years of age of GDM mothers was significantly higher than that of offspring of mothers with IGT when analysed according to age. In offspring of GDM mothers, CVD risk factors were positively correlated with age, except for lipid profiles. A significant negative relationship between age and BMI was observed in offspring of IGT mothers. The slope of the linear regression lines for BMI and fasting plasma insulin levels with age were significantly steeper for the offspring of GDM mothers than for those of IGT mothers. We conclude that childhood obesity, as well as altered glucose metabolism influenced by the maternal uterine environment, is more likely with advancing years in the offspring of GDM mothers than in the offspring of IGT mothers. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Sports activity during pregnancy; Pregnancy frequently results in a decrease in sports activity. During this period, major physiological changes occur, which may influence the performance. However, maximum aerobic capacity does not change during pregnancy when compared to the postpartum period. The advantages of sports activity are common health benefits. Furthermore, regular exercise may play a role in the prevention of gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. The maternal disadvantages of sports activity are often musculoskeletal complaints and the risk of hypotension during exercise in supine position. Fetal complications are direct trauma, alteration of fetal heart rate, preterm delivery, intra-uterine growth restriction and teratogenic effects. In this article the type, duration and frequency of sports activities are discussed. The contraindications and warning signs to exercise during pregnancy are reviewed. Pregnant women should be encouraged to continue and engage in sports activity when the pregnancy is uncomplicated.
Decreased paraoxonase and arylesterase activities in the pathogenesis of future atherosclerotic heart disease in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate serum paraoxonase, arlyesterase activities, and lipid hydroperoxide (LOOH) levels in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Paraoxonase and arylesterase activities, and LOOH levels were assessed for GDM cases (n= 55) and controls (n=59). Serum basal and salt-stimulated paraoxonase and arylesterase activities were measured spectrophotometrically. LOOH levels were measured by ferrous oxidation with a xylenol orange assay. Results: Basal and salt-stimulated paraoxonase and arylesterase activities were significantly lower (p= 0.002, p=0.004; and p =0.013, respectively) in patients with GDM compared to controls, while LOOH levels were significantly higher (p <0.001). Among gestational diabetes patients, serum paraoxonase and arylesterase activities were inversely correlated with LOOH levels (r=-0.390, p =0.003; and r= -0.287, p= 0.034, respectively). Conclusions: Findings of the present study have shown that serum paraoxonase and arylesterase activities are significantly reduced in women with GDM. Decreased serum paraoxonase and arylesterase activities might play a role in the potential early pathogenesis for atherosclerotic heart disease in GDM beyond their antioxidant properties. © 2009 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Renal Allograft Function and Cardiovascular Risk in Recipients of Kidney Transplantation After Successful Pregnancy; Successful pregnancy is one of the better indicators of quality of life for women who are of child-bearing age with restored fertility after kidney transplantation. Our objective was to evaluate whether pregnancy represented a risk factor for worsening of renal function or for cardiovascular disease among renal transplant recipients. From 1976 to 2007, we followed 30 successful pregnancies in 27 renal recipients in our hospital; three women had two twin gestations. We compared this population with 27 women with renal transplants who were not pregnant. They were of similar ages at transplantation (pregnant 31.1 ± 5.4 years vs not pregnant 31.3 ± 5.4 years, P = NS) and similar evolution time between kidney transplantation and pregnancy (51.5 ± 36 months vs 47.2 ± 41 months respective; P = NS). There were no acute rejection episodes or graft losses. Renal function measured by serum creatinine and MDRD4 at the end of pregnancy was lower among the pregnant compared with the control group: mainly, 1.1 ± 0.2 mg/dL versus 0.9 ± 0.2 mg/dL (P = .05), and 66 ± 20 mL/min/1.73 m2 versus 80 ± 26 mL/min/1.73 m2 (P = .03). At 1 and 10 years, renal function was similar among the groups. Ten pregnant women developed preeclampsia (37%) and three, gestational diabetes mellitus (11%). There was one major cardiovascular event (4%; acute myocardial infarction) among the pregnant group, whereas there were two in the control group (7.4%; stroke and severe hypertensive retinopathy). One death occurred in each group secondary to cardiovascular complications. Our results showed that successful pregnancy after renal transplantation did not represent a long-term risk factor to worsen renal function and or produce severe cardiovascular complications. Therefore, pregnancy should be promoted. for young women with renal transplants that show excellent function. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Epigenetics: New concepts of old phenomena in vascular physiology; The hypothesis of 'Developmental Origins of Health and Disease' (DOHaD) relies on the presence of mechanisms sensing and signalling a diversity of stimuli during fetal development. The mechanisms that have been broadly suggested to be involved in these processes are the epigenetic modifications that could 'record' perinatal stimuli. Since the definition of epigenetic and the associated mechanisms are conflictive, in this review epigenetic was defined as 'chromosome-based mechanisms that can change the phenotypic plasticity in a cell or organism'. The most understood epigenetic mechanisms (i.e. DNA methylation, histone post-translational modifications (PTM), ATP-dependent chromatin modifications and non-coding RNAs) and reported evidence for their role in fetal programming were briefly reviewed. The development of the vascular system is strongly influenced by epigenetic mechanisms. For that reason vascular cells are good candidates to be explored regarding epigenetic programming since its proved susceptibility to be imprinted. This has been described in pregnancy diseases such as intra-uterine growth restriction, gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia, where changes in vascular function are preserved in vitro. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy and risk of cardiovascular disease: A population-based cohort study; Background: Pregnant women commonly receive screening for gestational diabetes mellitus by use of a 50 g glucose challenge test, followed by a diagnostic oral glucose tolerance test for those whose glucose challenge test result is abnormal. Although women with gestational diabetes have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, it is not known whether mild glucose intolerance during pregnancy is also associated with cardiovascular disease. Thus, we sought to determine whether pregnant women with an abnormal glucose challenge test result but without gestational diabetes have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Methods: We conducted a retrospective population-based cohort study that included all women in Ontario aged 20-49 years with live deliveries between April 1994 and March 1998. We excluded women with pregestational diabetes. The population was stratified into 3 cohorts: women with gestational diabetes (n = 13 888); women who received an antepartum oral glucose tolerance test (suggestive of an abnormal result of the glucose chal lenge test) but who did not have gestational diabetes (n = 71 831); and women who did not receive an oral glucose tolerance test (suggestive of a normal result of the glucose challenge test) (n = 349 977). The primary outcome was cardiovascular disease (admission to hospital for acute myocardial infarction, coronary bypass, coronary angioplasty, stroke or carotid endarterectomy). Results: Compared with women who did not receive an oral glucose tolerance test, women with gestational diabetes and women who received an oral glucose tolerance test but did not have gestational diabetes had a higher risk of cardiovascular disease over 12.3 years of median follow-up (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] for women with gestational diabetes 1.66, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.30-2.13, p < 0.001; adjusted HR for those with an oral glucose test but not gestational diabetes 1.19, 95% CI 1.02-1.39, p = 0.03). Interpretation: Mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy may be associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. © 2009 Canadian Medical Association or its licensors.
Association of hematological parameters with insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction in nondiabetic subjects; Objective: Previous studies reported independent associations of hematological parameters with risk of incident type 2 diabetes, although limited data are available on associations of these parameters with insulin resistance (IR) and (especially) pancreatic β-cell dysfunction in large epidemiological studies. Our objective was to evaluate the associations of hematological parameters, including hematocrit (HCT), hemoglobin (Hgb), red blood cell count (RBC), and white blood cell count with IR and β-cell dysfunction in a cohort of nondiabetic subjects at high metabolic risk. Methods: Nondiabetic subjects (n = 712) were recruited in Toronto and London, Ontario, Canada, between 2004 and 2006, based on the presence of one or more risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus including obesity, hypertension,afamily history of diabetes, and/orahistory of gestational diabetes. Fasting blood samples were collected and oral glucose tolerance tests administered, with additional samples for glucose and insulin drawn at 30 and 120 min. Measures of IR included the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) and Matsuda's insulin sensitivity index, whereas measures of β-cell dysfunction included the insulinogenic index divided by HOMA-IR as well as the insulin secretion-sensitivity index-2. Associations of hematological parameters with IR and β-cell dysfunction were assessed using multiple linear regression and analysis of covariance with adjustments for age, gender, ethnicity, smoking, cardiovascular disease, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and waist circumference. Results: HOMA-IR increased across quartiles of HCT, Hgb, RBC, and white blood cell count after adjustment for age, gender, ethnicity, and smoking (all P (trend) <0.0001). Similarly, there was a strong stepwise decrease in the Matsuda's insulin sensitivity index across increasing quartiles of these hematological measures (all P (trend) <0.0001). The associations remained significant after further adjustment for previous cardiovascular disease, blood pressure, and waist circumference (all P (trend) <0.0001). Similarly, there was a strong pattern of decreasing β-cell function across increasing quartiles of all hematological patterns (all P (trend)<0.0001). The findings for HCT, Hgb, and RBC were attenuated slightly after full multivariate adjustment, although the trend across quartiles remained highly significant. Conclusion: These findings suggest that standard, clinically relevant hematological variables may be related to the underlying pathophysiological changes associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Copyright © 2009 by The Endocrine Society.
Two risk-scoring systems for predicting incident diabetes mellitus in U.S. adults age 45 to 64 years; Background: Simple prediction scores could help identify adults at high risk for diabetes. Objective: To derive and validate scoring systems by using longitudinal data from a study that repeatedly tested for incident diabetes. Design: Prospective cohort, divided into derivation and validation samples. Setting: The ARIC (Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities) study, which followed participants for 14.9 years beginning in 1987 to 1989. Participants: 12 729 U.S. adults (baseline age, 45 to 64 years; 22.8% black). Follow-up was 96.1% at 5 years and 72.2% at 10 years. Measurements: Anthropometry, blood pressure, and pulse (basic system) plus a fasting blood specimen assayed for common analytes (enhanced system). Diabetes was identified in 18.9% of participants. Risk score integer points were derived from proportional hazard coefficients associated with baseline categorical variables and quintiles of continuous variables. Results: The basic scoring system included waist circumference (10 to 35 points); maternal diabetes (13 points); hypertension (11 points); and paternal diabetes, short stature, black race, age 55 years or older, increased weight, rapid pulse, and smoking history (≤8 points each). The enhanced system included glucose (6 to 28 points); waist circumference (5 to 21 points); maternal diabetes (8 points); and triglycerides, black race, paternal diabetes, low highdensity lipoprotein cholesterol concentration, short stature, high uric acid, age 55 years or older, hypertension, rapid pulse, and nonuse of alcohol (≤7 points each). When applied to the validation sample, ascending quintiles of the basic system were associated with a 10-year incidence of diabetes of 5.3%, 8.7%, 15.5%, 24.5%, and 33.0%, respectively. Quintiles of the enhanced system were associated with a 10-year incidence of 3.5%, 6.4%, 11.5%, 19.3%, and 46.1%. Limitations: The risk scoring systems had no question regarding previous gestational diabetes, and knowledge of parental diabetes may be uncertain. The analyzed cohort was restricted by age and race; the systems may be less effective in other samples. Conclusion: Basic information identified adults at high risk for diabetes. Additional data from fasting blood tests better identified those at extreme risk. Primary Funding Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Diabetes & endocrinology: Something for everyone; This symposium addressed new developments and controversies in diabetes and endocrinology. The practical management of hyperparathyroidism, thyroid nodules, hyperprolactinaemia and diabetes and thyroid disorders in pregnancy were all discussed. In addition to these traditional areas of endocrinology, there was a focus on the role of endocrinology in 'non-endocrine' specialties, namely critical care and cardiovascular disease. We learned that manipulation of the thyroid axis or local glucocorticoids can potentially be used to treat high cholesterol, atrial fibrillation or coronary stent stenosis, and that glucose lowering with insulin reduces mortality in the critically ill. © 2009 Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh.
Medical therapy in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome before and during pregnancy and lactation; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is probably the most common endocrinopathy in women of childbearing age, and is particularly common in African-American and Hispanic ethnic groups. It is characterized by oligo-amenorrhea, clinical and/or biochemical hyperandrogenism, polycystic ovaries, and, often, morbid obesity. PCOS is associated with infertility and frequent 1st trimester miscarriage, and with an increased risk of gestational diabetes. Insulin resistance with compensatory hyperinsulinemia plays an important role in the pathogenesis of PCOS. Reduction of hyperinsulinemia with metformin-diet is associated not only with improvement of the biochemical endocrinopathy, but, commonly, with restoration of menstrual cycles and fertility. The combination of metformin and clomiphene citrate (CC) in CC resistant patients provides additional benefit to a subset of patients, not responsive to metformin alone. Metformin appears to be safe for mothers and neonates (non-teratogenic) during pregnancy, though the results of double-blinded placebo-controlled studies are not yet available. Benefits from metformin therapy during pregnancy include reduction of miscarriage, reduction in likelihood of developing gestational diabetes, reduction in fetal macrosomia, and prevention of excessive maternal weight gain during pregnancy. Rosiglitazone and pioglitazone are effective therapy for ovulation induction, but pregnancy class C and should not be used during pregnancy.
Diabetes mellitus in Sub-Saharan Africa: A systematic review of the literature; Objective: To examine the prevalence of diabetes mellitus and of intermediate dysglycemia in Sub-Saharan Africa. Materiels and methods: Prevalence studies that used WHO (World Health Organisation) diagnostic criteria and whose complete texts were available were evaluated. They were compiled through Medline search, lists of references of the authors, WHO and American Diabetes Association websites, and the 2000, 2003 and 2006 International Diabetes Federation (IDF) Diabetes Atlas. Six out of 23 studies had an acceptable non-response rate and a large sample size. Methods were heterogeneous, even when based on WHO criteria. In all but one study, only a single diagnostic procedure was used. Hence cases were probably underestimated. Only one study used both fasting glycemia and post-glucose challenge glycemia. Results: 23 studies were selected according to the search criteria. None was found in Central Africa. The prevalence of diabetes mellitus varies from 0.2 to 11.0 % in Southern Africa, from 3.4 to 8.3 % in Eastern Africa, and from 0.0 to 6.8 % in Western Africa. In Indians (Southern region) it ranges from 6.0 to 11.0 %, in descendants of Arabic origin (Eastern region) it is 8.3 %, and in Bantu it ranges from 2.4 to 4.2 % in the South and from 0.0 to 7.7 % in the West. Prevalence range from 2.7 to 11.0 % in an urban setting, and from 0.0 to 6.1 % in a rural environment. Diabetes is more prevalent in females in the West. No gender differences were observed else where. A high proportion of diabetes had not been previously detected. Impaired glucose tolerance ranges from 17.0 to 24.2 % in Indians from Southern Africa, and from 6.9 to 77 % in Bantu (1.8 to 10.6 % in the West; 7.6 to 8.0 % in the East, and 5.9 to 24.6 % in an urban environment). Impaired fasting glycemia ranges from 2.8 to 13.4 %; A single study that combined fasting and post-challenge glycemias has observed a 3.8 % prevalence of intermediate dysglycemia. Combined prevalences of diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance range from 8.6 % in Bantu, and 13.7 % in people of arabic origin, to 33.4 % in Indians. Gestational diabetes ranges from 1.7 to 3.7 %. Conclusion: Many studies are biased due to high non-response rates, and underestimate prevalence rates. This survey has observed prevalence rates that are often higher than those reported by IDF. Given the elevated prevalences of intermediate dysglycemia, the impact of diabetes and of cardiovascular diseases is bound to increase in Sub-Saharan Africa.
Late cardiovascular consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), defined as carbohydrate intolerance of any degree first recognized during pregnancy, complicates ∼4% of all pregnancies in the United States. Several factors can increase one's risk of developing GDM, including obesity, family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and race/ethnicity. Conversely, a history of GDM can increase the risk of developing not only T2DM but also cardiovascular disease (CVD) independent of a diagnosis of T2DM. Several investigations have explored GDM relationships with CVD risk factors, CVD surrogate markers, and clinically evident CVD. These studies have included evaluations of biochemical parameters, such as inflammatory and endothelial biomarkers; endothelial dysfunction, such as that seen in impaired brachial artery flow-mediated vasodilation; and vascular dysfunction, manifest as cardiac dysfunction or in diseases such as hypertension. This article will review these studies and examine factors considered to be responsible for promoting CVD in women with a history of GDM, such as T2DM and metabolic syndrome and its components. In addition, studies evidencing CVD in women with a history of GDM will be explored. Copyright © 2009 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
A review of the health beliefs and lifestyle behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes; Objective: To critically review and synthesize original research designed to examine the health beliefs, including risk perceptions and health behaviors related to diet and physical activity of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Data Sources: PubMed and CINAHL databases were searched for studies published in the last decade (1998-2008) that examined variables related to the health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Keyword searches included health beliefs, health behaviors, perceived risk, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, diet, physical activity, and postpartum. Study Selection: Eight articles, representing 6 studies, were selected that met the inclusion criteria of original research, dependent variable of health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, and measurement after pregnancy. Data Extraction: Articles were reviewed and discussed according to the concepts of risk perception and health beliefs, health behaviors related to diet and physical activity, and psychosocial factors related to women's health beliefs and behaviors. Data Synthesis: Data revealed common health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, including low risk perceptions for future type 2 diabetes mellitus and suboptimal levels of physical activity and fruit and vegetable intake. The majority of studies revealed a distinct knowledge-behavior gap among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, whereas others revealed a lack of knowledge regarding necessary lifestyle modifications. Conclusions: Findings from this review may assist women's health researchers and clinicians in developing appropriate interventions for increasing risk awareness, promoting self-efficacy for weight loss and physical activity behaviors, and decreasing rates of diabetes and cardiovascular disease among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Further research is necessary to identify factors that influence the health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Future research should focus on populations of greater racial, ethnic, and socioeconomic diversity, as the majority of studies have been conducted with non-Hispanic White, socioeconomically advantaged women. © 2009 AWHONN.
Nongenomic memory of foetal history in chronic diseases development; Foetal growth from conception to birth is a complex process predetermined by the genetic configuration of the foetus, the availability of nutrients and oxygen to the foetus, maternal nutrition and various growth factors and hormones of maternal, foetal and placental origin. Maintenance of the optimal foetal environment is the key factor of the future quality of life. Such conditions like inadequate nutrition and oxygen supply, infection, hypertension, gestational diabetes or drug abuse by the mother, expose the foetus to nonphysiological environment. In conditions of severe intrauterine deprivation, there is a potential loss of structural units within the developing organ systems affecting their functionality and efficiency. Extensive human epidemiologic and animal model data indicate that during critical periods of prenatal and postnatal mammalian development, nutrition and other environmental stimuli influence developmental pathways and thereby induce permanent changes in metabolism and chronic disease susceptibility. The studies reviewed in this article show how environmental factors influence a diverse array of molecular mechanisms and consequently alter disease risk including diseases such as metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases, insulin resistance and diabetes mellitus, neuropsychiatric disorders, osteoporosis, asthma and immune system diseases. © 2008 Neuroendocrinology Letters.
Dietary recommendations for polycystic ovary syndrome; Improving insulin sensitivity and reducing hyperinsulinemia are essential parts of treatment for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Many PCOS patients feature the metabolic syndrome which predicts gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease (CVD), and certain cancers. First-line therapy for PCOS in overweight patients is weight loss. This is accompanied by an increase in insulin sensitivity and an improvement of hormonal and metabolic abnormalities. As weight loss strategies show poor compliance and little long-term effects, dietary modifications that enable these improvements without weight loss need to be considered. Low-fat, high-carbohydrate diets not only induce high glycemic and insulinemic responses but also worsen dyslipidemia. In contrast a "low glycemic and insulinemic diet" (LOGI) which focuses on the quality of carbohydrates and a reduction of carbohydrate intake improves hormonal and metabolic abnormalities even in the absence of weight loss. © 2007 Springer Medizin Verlag.
In Utero Exposure to Maternal Obesity and Diabetes: Animal Models That Identify and Characterize Implications for Future Health; The developed and developing worlds are experiencing an epidemic of obesity and associated predisposition to diabetes. This epidemic places a major drain on health care resources. It is now clear that maternal obesity and gestational diabetes have major adverse effects on the developing fetus that lead to increased neonatal morbidity and mortality, as discussed elsewhere in this issue. Obesity in pregnancy and gestational diabetes represent a special problem, not only as a result of their immediate adverse effects on maternal health and pregnancy outcome, but also because of growing evidence for their persistent and deleterious effects on the developing child. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Serum homocysteine level in gestational diabetes: A prospective study; Background: Increased total plasma homocysteine (Hcy) is an accepted risk factor of cardiovascular disease (CVD), stroke, preclampsia, recurrent abortion and diabetes type I and II. The aim of the current study was to assess serum homocysteine and its relation with serum folat, vitamine B12 and lipid profile in gestational diabetes mellitus and to compare these with those of pregnant women. Methods: In a prospective controlled survey 80 pregnant women (24-28 weeks) with uncomplicated pregnancies were evaluated. They were assigned to one of two groups according to the results of 100g-OGTT. In the case group there were pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus according to the OGTT and in the control group women who had normal OGTT results were put. Levels of fasting glucose, homocysteine, vit B12, and folic acid, uric acid, total cholesterol, triglyceride, Low Density Lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL) and High Density Lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) were measured in both groups. Results: The mean level of homocysteine in GDM group was significantly higher than control group (p=0.000). The mean level of folic acid and vit B12 was significantly lower than the level in control group (p=0.001, p=0.004 respectively). Body mass index (BMI) in GDM group was higher (p=0.000) and HDL level was lower (p=0.006) than control group. There were no significant differences among the groups with respect to levels of total cholesterol and triglyceride. Conclusion: We found that patients with gestational diabetes have higher homocysteine level than normal pregnant women. This increased level seems to be related to an abnormal OGTT. Further investigations are needed to follow up these patients in the postpartum period and later on.
Serum levels of adipocyte fatty acid binding protein are increased in gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: Adipocyte fatty acid binding protein (AFABP) was recently introduced as a novel adipokine, serum levels of which independently correlate with the development of the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease in humans. In the current study, we investigated serum concentrations of AFABP in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) as compared with healthy pregnant controls matched for gestational age and fasting insulin. Design and methods: AFABP was determined by ELISA in controls (n=80) and GDM patients (n=40) and correlated to clinical and biochemical measures of renal function, glucose and lipid metabolism, as well as inflammation, in both groups. Results: Median serum AFABP concentrations were significantly elevated in subjects with GDM (22.9 μg/l) as compared with healthy pregnant controls (18.3 μg/l; P<0.05). Furthermore, GDM was independently associated with AFABP concentrations in multiple regression analysis (P<0.05). In addition, markers of adiposity (body mass index, serum leptin), triglycerides and serum creatinine were independently associated with circulating AFABP (P<0.05). Conclusions: Maternal AFABP concentrations are significantly increased in GDM. The adipokine might contribute to the increased metabolic and cardiovascular risk of the disease. © 2009 European Society of Endocrinology.
Blood pressure and lipid changes in gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: It is suggested that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the earliest phase of DM. Nowadays DM is treated as a part of insulin resistance syndrome - patients with DM tend to be obese, dyslipidemic and hypertensive. It is postulated that similar abnormalities are found in GDM patients. Methods: The study was conducted among 81 women with GDM and 41 healthy controls. After diagnosis or negative screening for GDM the women underwent 24-hour blood pressure monitoring and measurements of plasma lipids, insulin concentrations and insulin resistance (expressed by HOMA score). The incidence of gestational hypertension and blood pressure until delivery was also analyzed. Results: 17 (21%) of GDM women and only 1 glucose tolerant control developed pregnancy induced hypertension. GDM women had significantly higher arterial pressure during the daytime and nighttime (accordingly 112.1/69.4 mmHg vs. 105.4/64.8 mmHg and 101.5/62.4 mmHg vs. 93.0/58.8 mmHg), although the average BP was within normal range. Heart rate was also faster in GDM group. Compared with healthy pregnant women, GDM patients had higher serum TG concentrations (247,9 vs 205 mg%; p<0,01), fasting insulin (66 vs 42,5 pmol/l; p<0,001) and insulin resistance (HOMA 2,15 vs 1,13; p<0,001). No correlation was found between blood pressure and insulin concentrations and insulin resistance among healthy and GDM women. Conclusions: The results suggest that symptoms of insulin resistance are present in GDM women. They are characterized by higher arterial blood pressure, heart rate, serum triglycerides, insulin and increased insulin resistance. © 2008 Neuroendocrinology Letters.
Should we consider gestational diabetes a vascular risk factor?; Few and contrasting data have reported vascular endothelial dysfunction and increased serum levels of endothelial dysfunction and inflammatory markers in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM). We aimed at evaluating 6.5 years after delivery: intimal medial thickness (IMT), and C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), E-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), vascular adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) levels in 82 non-pregnant pGDM and 113 control women without pGDM. A subgroup of 21 women, taken from the pGDM group, showing current normal BMI, and no metabolic abnormalities, was separately analysed. All the subjects were free of medication and non-smokers. Women with pGDM, independently by their current BMI and presence of metabolic abnormalities, showed significantly higher E-selectin, ICAM-1 and IMT values than controls. IMT proved to be significantly associated with pGDM in a regression model, after adjustments for BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, and glucose values (β = 0.046; 95% CI 0.028-0.064). In all pGDM women, E-selectin, ICAM-1, IL-6 and hs-CRP values were significantly associated with IMT in the same model. Post-GDM women, despite being currently free from metabolic abnormalities, showed higher values of markers of endothelial dysfunction and IMT than controls, consistent with an increased future cardiovascular risk. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Gestational diabetes mellitus; GDM is defined as "carbohydrate intolerance of variable severity with onset or first recognition during pregnancy." The prevalence of GDM is about 2-5% of pregnancies and it depends of the prevalence of to type 2 DM in the population. The pathogenesis of GDM is a combination of insulin resistance (of normal pregnancy and a chronic form in GDM patients), B cell dysfunction of autoimmune origin and/or from genetic mutations. GDM is associated with chronic insulin resistance, genetic changes and placental transport differences compared to non-diabetic pregnant women. The pathogenesis ofGDMresembles that of type 2 DM. Indeed, a large percentage ofGDM patients turn in to type 2 DM in the years after pregnancy. GDM has both maternal and fetal complications: for the mother the risk is mainly long term - the progress to type 2 DM and metabolic syndrome. For the fetus there are both short and long term complications - fetal death, aberrant fetal growth mainly macrosomia with its effect on delivery and risk of shoulder dystocia and metabolic/haematologic changes (hypoglycaemia, hypokalaemia, hyperbilirubinaemia, hypocalcaemia, polycythaemia and respiratory distress syndrome). The long term risks for the fetus are adverse neurological and cognitive outcomes and mainly early onset metabolic syndrome. For most women, glucose screening should be conducted at 24-28 weeks- gestation with the use of a 50-g oral glucose load. A value of 7.8 mmol/L (140 mg/dL) or greater necessitates a full diagnostic 100-g oral glucose tolerance test (GTT). Testing at this time not only enables the obstetrician to assess glucose tolerance in the presence of the insulin-resistant state of pregnancy but, should GDM be diagnosed, permits treatment to begin before excessive fetal growth has occurred. Those women who seem to be at high risk for GDM should be tested by OGTT as early as possible. If the initial screen is negative, they should be retested at 24-28 weeks- gestation. Once a diagnosis of GDM is made, women should be under close perinatal surveillance. Diet treatment is advised in all. The goal of treatment is reducing the fetal and maternal morbidity and mortality related with GDM. The exact glucose values needed to do so are still not clear. The decision to start pharmacological treatment depends on the glycaemic controlwith diet treatment and gestational age at diagnosis. The options for pharmacological treatment are insulin, which is considered the most acceptable treatment, or oral anti-diabetic drugs such as metformin and glyburide. It is extremely important to maintain good glycaemic control in order to reduce maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality during pregnancy and delivery. Concerning the time and mode of delivery, there is a higher rate of cesarean section in GDM women. The decision whether and when to induce delivery depends on gestational age, estimated fetal weight and maternal glycaemic control and Bishop score. Themain reasons for timed delivery are fear of fetal death and shoulder dystocia. When estimated fetal weight is 4,500 g or more, caesarean delivery may be considered because it may reduce the likelihood of permanent brachial plexus injury in the infant. Future research is needed regarding prevention of GDM, treatment goals and effectiveness of interventions, guidelines for pregnancy care and prevention of long term metabolic sequelae for both the infant and the mother. Copyright © 2008 Cambridge University Press.
Epidemiologic Perspectives of Risk for Developing Diabetes and Diabetes Complications; The incidence and prevalence of diabetes, particularly T2DM, is increasing both in the United States and worldwide. Identified risk factors, such as glucose intolerance, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia, often precede and accompany the diagnosis of T2DM. Further, all are associated physiologic alterations of obesity. Obesity that has grown in epidemic proportion, because of overconsumption of calories in the presence of decreased physical activity, affects greater numbers of persons including children and adolescents. National recommendations for screening and diagnosis of diabetes, hypertension, and dyslipidemia provide a basis for early detection, treatment, and intervention that may potentially decrease related complications, and personal and economic costs of the disease. Most important is that knowledge exists about who is at risk for diabetes by weight, family history of diabetes, ethnicity, and history of gestational diabetes that allows for the development and implementation of diabetes primary prevention programs. Multiple national health surveys and databases provide important information for health care providers, systems of care, and communities that can be used to guide such prevention, early screening, and disease detection and intervention programs aimed at decreasing the burden of diabetes. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Follow-up of pregnancy in acromegalic women: Different presentations and outcomes; Pregnancy in acromegaly is a rather rare event since the fertility is reduced in acromegalic women. Besides, metabolic complications of acromegaly are harmful to both mother and fetus. Little is known about the outcome of pregnancy in acromegalic women. Here, we report seven cases of pregnancy out of 48 acromegalic women followed for 16 years. At diagnosis, five patients had macroadenoma, one patient had microadenoma and the size of the tumor was not documented in one patient. In one patient, acromegaly was initially diagnosed during pregnancy at 29 weeks. When she was 33 weeks, she developed pituitary apoplexy and had an emergency transsphenoidal resection of her macroadenoma during which she also had a cesarian section and delivered a healthy baby girl. In the remaining six patients, pregnancy occured 6 to 64.5 months after the adenoma resection. Three patients received radiotherapy before getting pregvnant. In three patients, pregnancy occured during bromocriptine treatment and the drug was withdrawn. In one patient, pregnancy occured during chronic octreotide treatment and therapeutic abortion was performed. In another patient, therapeutic abortion was performed because of uncontrolled disease. In the remaining four patients, there were neither worsening of symptoms nor tumor growth. All four patients gave birth to full-term healthy infants. Out of our seven patients, two developed gestational diabetes mellitus which was controlled with diet. None of the patients had coronary artery disease, hypertension or dyslipidemia. These cases show that pregnancy might be uneventful in acromegalic women when the disease is controlled with prior surgery and radiotherapy. © J. A. Barth Verlag in Georg Thieme Verlag KG.
Obesity and pregnancy; The increasing frequency of preobesity and obesity in all age groups worldwide can be characterized as a pandemia. Obesity is a public health problem because it is a major contributing factor in the development of hypertension, heart disease, type II diabetes, osteoarthritis, respiratory problems and certain cancer. THE OBJECTIVE OF THE STUDY: To describe the prevalence of preobesity and obesity among pregnant women and to evaluate the impact of preobesity and obesity upon pregnancy and delivery. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: 255 women, aged between 17 and 39 years old are conducted in the study. They have been admited to the Clinic of Obstetrics and Gynecology at the University Hospital "St. George" Plovdiv for the period of for months /January- April 2005/. The data of the patients are obtained from their history of the disease and the dokument of the newborn. BMI was calculated before and at the end of pregnancy. RESULTS: Preobesity and obesity are more frequent at more educated women, nuliparous women and women aged 30 years and more. Obese women had a higher frequency of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, macrosomia, and operative delivery. 33.33% (n=85) of the pregnant women start their pregnancy with abnormal weight or obesity. At the end of the pregnancy 72.94% (n=186) of them are in condition of preobesity and obesity. CONCLUSION: As overweight and obesity are associate with adverse pregnancy outcomes, the attention of the obstetritian must be directed to so called preconceptual consulting in order to limit the gaining of wight upon the optimal limit before and during pregnancy.
Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy; This article reviews normal and abnormal carbohydrate metabolism in pregnancy, with an emphasis on the challenges that are faced by those who care for the pregnant woman who has hyperglycemia. The growing problem of type 2 diabetes in pregnancy, the controversial use of oral antihyperglycemic agents for the treatment of gestational diabetes, and the long-term issue of diabetes prevention in those whose hyperglycemia resolves postpartum are also addressed.
Pathologic ventricular hypertrophy in the offspring of diabetic mothers: A retrospective study; Aims: Diabetes in pregnant women is increasing and with that the complications in their offspring. We studied our population of diabetic mothers (2003-2005) for pathologic ventricular hypertrophy (PVH). Methods and results: In our retrospective study of all 87 diabetic pregnancies (92 neonates), 16 were type 1, 17 were type 2, and 54 were gestational diabetes (GD). Haemoglobin glycated (HbA1c) median was 5.8% (5.3-6.5): 17 with HbA1c above normal 2 with congenital heart disease (CHD) and six with PVH. A total of 75 neonates were normal, five had CHD, and 12 had PVH (1/12 died post-natally, 1/12 stillborn, 2/12 required premature delivery, 8/12 normal). The 16 type 1 pregnancies resulted in three neonates with CHD and in 50% PVH, including one death, one premature Cesarean section because of PVH. The 17 neonates of type 2 pregnancies showed in one CHD and in 25% PVH. Of the 54 GD pregnancies, one had CHD and one had PVH. Conclusion: Pregnancies of both type 1 and 2 diabetes carry an increased risk for foetal development of PVH compared with those with GD. The insufficient effect of preventive glycaemia controls leads to conclude that although no definite predictive parameters for malignant outcome can be presented, close monitoring of these pregnancies may prevent perinatal catastrophes. © The European Society of Cardiology 2007. All rights reserved.
Severe diabetic fetopathy due to undiagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus; History and findings: A 39 year-old pregnant woman (with one healthy 11 year-old daughter) presented at the antenatal care clinic for routine non-stress test (NST) at the due date. The NST demonstrated normal fetal heart pattern. No anamnestic or clinical risk factors for diabetes during the course of pregnancy were noted in the case file. Ultrasound examinations up to 30 weeks of gestation had shown fetal growth appropriate for gestational age. Two days later, the NST was non-reacting with almost no heart rate variability, indicating an acute fetal risk. While the condition of the fetus was being further assessed by Doppler sonography, a fall in fetal heart rate prompted an emergency section for fetal bradycardia. The male newborn had marked macrosomia (birth weight 5180 g). The pH in umbilical artery blood of 6,77 indicated severe intrauterine hypoxia. Apgar score was 0/1/5. Absence of heart beat and of spontaneous breathing required resuscitation. Echocardiography revealed a hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with dysfunction of the right ventricle and hepatomegaly indicating diabetic fetal pathology. The placenta displayed typical signs of carbohydrate disorder. The maternal 75 g oral glucose tolerance test confirmed the suspicion of maternal diabetes (glucose values 96/210/215 mg/dl). Treatment and course: During the next the day the infant developed multi-organ failure involving the liver and kidneys, myocardial infarction with pericardial effusion and myoclonic seizures. His condition improved slowly under measures to stabilize the circulation, substitution of clotting factors and anticonvulsive therapy. Mechanical ventilation had to be continued for 5 weeks. Examination at 4 months of age revealed marked neurological abnormalities. The mother was referred to a diabetes specialist for further management. Conclusion: Undiagnosed and therefore untreated severe gestational diabetes may have fatal consequences for the fetus. Expert committees of obstetricians and diabetes specialists have recommended blood glucose screening between 24-28 weeks of gestation of every pregnant woman as part of the routine prenatal care. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Manifestations of chronic disease during pregnancy; Context: Physiologic changes of pregnancy include insulin resistance, thrombophilia, immunosuppression, and hypervolemia. These changes may herald the development of disease in later life. Objective: To summarize current evidence on how pregnancy reveals risk of chronic disease. Evidence Acquisition: MEDLINE was searched for articles published between 1990 and 2005 relating pregnancy conditions to the development of chronic disease. Bibliographies and the Web sites of the International Society of Obstetric Medicine and International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy were also reviewed. Evidence Synthesis: Pregnancy exaggerates atherogeniclike responses, including insulin resistance and dyslipidemia, manifesting as preeclampsia or gestational diabetes. These complications herald an increased risk of postpartum cardiovascular disease, with a 2-fold increased risk of coronary artery disease and stroke. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus can progress to type 2 diabetes mellitus. The rate of progression varies from 6% to 92% depending on diagnostic criteria, race/ethnicity, and duration of surveillance (from 6 months to 28 years). Pregnancy increases risk of venous thrombosis by 7- to 10-fold. Heritable thrombophilia is present in at least 15% of Western populations and underlies at least 50% of gestational venous thromboses. Thus, the procoagulant changes during pregnancy can unmask hereditary thrombophilia. An important adaptation leading to immunotolerance of the fetoplacental unit is a switch from helper T-cell (TH) 1 dominance to TH2 dominance. Patients with a TH1-dominant immune disease, such as rheumatoid arthritis or multiple sclerosis, improve during pregnancy. However, rheumatoid arthritis is 5 times more likely to develop after delivery than at any other time. During pregnancy, there is a 50% increase in plasma volume, which can unmask glomerulopathies, peripartum cardiomyopathy, arterial aneurysms, or arteriovenous malformations. Development of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy predicts increased risk of later cholelithiasis. Conclusions: The physiologic changes of pregnancy can reveal risk of chronic diseases. Exaggerated responses reflective of the metabolic syndrome are seen in preeclampsia and gestational diabetes and can herald future cardiovascular and metabolic disease. Pregnancy is therefore an important screening opportunity for cardiovascular and metabolic disease risk factors, with the possibility of early intervention. ©2005 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Role of reactive oxygen species in female reproduction. Part I. Oxidative stress: A general overview; Oxidative stress occurs when there is an elevated concentration of intracellular reactive oxygen species in a steady state condition. When the balance between reactive oxygen species and antioxidants is tipped towards overabundance of ROS, oxidative stress results. Oxidative stress has been implicated in the etiology of multiple diseases like atherosclerosis, Alzheimer's and ageing. This article addresses and reviews the literature on the role of free radicals in female reproduction. Free radicals influence the entire reproductive span of a woman' life and even during menopause. Review of the literature emphasizes that oxidative stress acts as a mediator in the modulation of important ovarian functions, endometrial cyclical changes, embryo development, tubal functions, pregnancy, and its complications such as abortions, recurrent pregnancy losses, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes. Oxidative stress influences the outcome of natural and assisted fertility and plays a role in the etiopathogenesis of various causes of infertility i.e. endometriosis. Infertility is a problem with huge magnitude, and multiple etiological factors. The etiology of unexplained infertility and recurrent pregnancy loss remains unclear and is a scientific challenge. The treatment is mainly empirical. Oxidative stress may be a piece in this puzzle. Pregnancy is a state of oxidative stress as revealed by number of studies demonstrating elevated levels of the oxidative stress biomarkers. The redox state, influences the maintenance of uterine quiescence in pregnancy, via the paracrine effects of nitric oxide radical on the myometrium, inhibiting uterine contractions. Oxidative stress at parturition up regulates the antioxidant reserves of the neonate, but its role in initiation of labor is not known. Preterm fetuses are susceptible to free radical induced injuries, retinopathy, and bronchopulmonary dysplasia. Currently available studies on antioxidant supplementation have been reviewed. In this paper we will discuss the role of various antioxidants both in-vivo and in-vitro, in overcoming oxidative stress affecting female reproductive tract pathologies. Clinical evidence on the role of antioxidants in modulating disease outcomes in female reproduction is equivocal. Trials investigating combination intervention strategy of vitamin E and vitamin C supplementation in preventing preeclampsia are highlighted. There is ongoing research investigating the exact mechanisms by which oxidative stress causes pathological processes affecting female reproduction i.e. infertility, abortions, preeclampsia and fetal embryopathies and to design strategies for surmounting oxidative stress.
Metabolic syndrome at follow-up in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus in index pregnancy; We prospectively studied 262 women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 66 control women to compare their prevalence of metabolic syndrome and its relationship with insulin secretion and sensitivity. A 75-g oral glucose tolerance test was scheduled 5 years after delivery along with lipid profile, anthropometrics, and blood pressure measurement. Metabolic syndrome was defined according to the National Cholesterol Education Program 2001, and insulin sensitivity and secretion were estimated with the homeostasis model assessment. Women with prior GDM had similar insulin sensitivity and lower insulin secretion than control women. In comparison with control women, women with prior GDM had higher blood pressure, waist circumference, very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and oral glucose tolerance test blood glucose values but, with the exception of fasting hyperglycemia, did not have an increased prevalence of metabolic syndrome or its components. The multivariate prediction of metabolic syndrome and its components was similar with age and current homeostasis model assessment-insulin secretion and resistance indexes or with age, obesity, and GDM. The main predictor was current insulin resistance in the first case and obesity in the second, obesity being the best predictor overall. We conclude that in our population and at midterm follow-up, women with prior GDM have a decreased insulin secretion and display a higher prevalence of fasting hyperglycemia but not the full-blown picture of metabolic syndrome. Obesity, a surrogate index of insulin resistance, is the best predictor of metabolic syndrome at follow-up. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Fetal programming: Prevention of perinatal acquired predispositions of diseases in later life; Alterations of the metabolic and hormonal environment of the fetus may cause predispositions to the development of disorders and diseases in later life. The timing, duration, severity, and type of insult during development determines the specific physiological outcome. Intrauterine programming of physiological systems occurs at the gene, cell, tissue, organ, and system levels and causes permanent structural and functional changes. Elevated insulin concentrations during critical periods of perinatal life may induce a lasting 'malprogramming' of neuroendocrine systems regulating body weight, food intake, and metabolism. Similar characteristics may occur due to perinatal hyperleptinism, hypercortisolism. Diagnosis and therapy of gestational diabetes in time may prevent metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in later life. This concept has new important implications for chances and challenges of perinatal preventive medicine in the future. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Early onset of subclinical atherosclerosis in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: Common carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT) is a non-invasively assessed marker of subclinical atherosclerosis. Our aim in this study was to investigate CIMT in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Thirty women with GDM and 40 unaffected women (as a control group) were included in the study. Blood samples were drawn from each woman in the morning after they had fasted for at least 8 h, and levels of fasting glucose, insulin, homocysteine, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol were measured, along with the CIMT in the two groups. Results: The mean triglyceride (P = 0.016) and VLDL cholesterol (P = 0.011) levels in the GDM group were significantly higher than those in the unaffected women. There were no significant differences between the groups with respect to plasma levels of total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and insulin. The mean homocysteine (P = 0.027) and fasting glucose (P = 0.019) levels in women with GDM were significantly higher than those in the control group. Patients with GDM had significantly higher CIMT than did the unaffected women (0.582 ± 0.066 mm vs. 0.543 ± 0.049 mm, P = 0.006). CIMT correlated positively with maternal age (r = 0.316, P = 0.008), body mass index (BMI) at the time of a 50-g oral glucose load test (r = 0.414, P = 0.001; and homocysteine levels (r = 0.332, P = 0.008), and fasting glucose (T = 0.265, P = 0.031) and 1-h glucose value (r = 0.410, P = 0.001) at the time of the oral glucose tolerance test. There was a positive correlation between the presence of GDM and CIMT (r = 0.372, P = 0.001). However, stepwise multiple regression analysis showed that GDM/no GDM (95% CI +0.012 to +0.076, P = 0.008) and BMI at the time of the 50-g test (95% CI +0.001 to +0.009, P = 0.011) were independent parameters related to CIMT. Conclusion: Women with GDM have increased CIMT compared with unaffected women. Copyright © 2006 ISUOG.
Early nutrition and weight evolution in children; Maternal nutritional and metabolic factors which affect fetal growth and birth weight generate an increasing interest. Some of these factors might affect organs growth and functions, or might modify metabolism, toward a greater susceptibility to obesity and several chronic diseases (arterial hypertension, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases). Numerous epidemiological data support a negative relation between birth weight and these chronic diseases. Other studies indicate a positive relation between birth weight and body mass index in childhood or adulthood, which may be explained by a reduced lean mass; however, some of them suggest that a low birth weight would favored a troncular (central) fat distribution. In offsprings of mother with diabetes during pregnancy, a high birth weight, clearly predispose to obesity and insulin resistance since infancy, thus, demonstrating the deleterious effect of the in utero diabetic environment. Recent studies, indicate that even moderate maternal glucose tolerance abnormalities, of a lower grade than gestational diabetes, lead to an accelerated fetal adiposity growth. Furthermore, an early rapid postnatal growth is also a risk factor for children overweight. All these recent data, reinforce the need for studies to assess the complex interactions between prenatal and postnatal growth and their nutritional and genetic determinants. This is of importance due to the increasing number of women who are overweight when becoming pregnant, as well as, the regular increase in the prevalence of children overweight and obesity. © Masson, Paris, 2005.
Gender-specific care of the patient with diabetes: Review and recommendations; Background: Men and women differ in their experience of diabetes mellitus (DM). For optimal prevention and treatment of the disease, these differences must be acknowledged. Unfortunately, most studies of diabetes have focused almost exclusively on men. Objective: The purpose of this review was to survey the literature about the sex-specific features of DM and to make recommendations for the gender-specific care of patients. Methods: An initial literature search was performed with Google Scholar and MEDLINE (1995-2005) using the search terms sex/gender, women, diabetes mellitus, and coronary artery disease, and specific topic headings such as polycystic ovary syndrome. The bibliographies of articles were used extensively to augment the search, and more specific search terms were included. The strength of each recommendation was assessed. Results: Even when women were included in clinical trials, investigators typically made no attempt to assess the impact of sex differences on the reported results. Existing studies, however, reveal several differences between men and women with diabetes. The prevalence of DM is growing fastest for older minority women. Women with diabetes, regardless of menopausal status, have a 4- to 6-fold increase in the risk of developing coronary artery disease (CAD), whereas men with diabetes have a 2- to 3-fold increase in risk. Women with diabetes have a poorer prognosis after myocardial infarction and a higher risk of death overall from cardiovascular disease than do men with diabetes. Women with type 2 DM experience more symptoms of hyperglycemia than do their male counterparts. Obesity, an important contributor to type 2 DM, is more prevalent in women. Women with diabetes have an increased risk of hypertension compared with men with diabetes. Women have a more severe type of dyslipidemia than do men (low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, small particle size of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high levels of triglycerides), and these risk factors for CAD have a stronger influence in women. Oxidative stress may confer a greater increase in the risk of CAD for women with diabetes than for men with diabetes. Many other sex differences in DM are due to women's reproductive physiology. Polycystic ovary syndrome is an important correlate of insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 DM. Women are less likely than men to receive aggressive treatment for CAD and to achieve treatment goals. Critical recommendations for women include exercise, testing for CAD, daily aspirin to counteract the prothrombotic state, depression screening, careful treatment to avoid weight gain, long-term follow-up of children of women with GDM, control of risk factors for CAD, and aggressive treatment with coronary angioplasty for CAD. Disease management programs for patients with diabetes have been shown to save money and improve outcomes, and should continue to incorporate information about sex-specific differences in DM as it becomes available. Conclusion: Gender-specific care of the patient with diabetes should be informed by evidence-based recommendations. © 2006 Excerpts Medica, Inc.
Secundum atrial septal defect in newborns of diabetic mothers; AIM: To evaluate in own material the incidence of secundum atrial septal defect type fossa ovalis (ASD II) with signs of cardio-respiratory maladaptation in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) during the first 48 hours of life, and subsequent echocardiography follow-up of babies with ASD II during the first year of life. MATERIAL AND METHODS: In the period from September 2002 to March 2003 a total of 502 neonates were born and 62 number them were from diabetic mothers. Echocardiography scanning was performed in a group of 49 neonates (42 IDM and 7 full-term infants of healthy mothers) with signs of cardio-respiratory maladaptation during the first 48 hours of life. Six neonates were born from pregestational diabetes mothers and 36 from gestational diabetes mothers (G1-17, G2-19), Birth weight of the newborns were in the range from 1370 to 4450 g, and gestational age was in the range between 30 to 41, mean 38.6 weeks. Apgar score was > 7 in 91.8% of neonates. In the whole study besides laboratory tests in direction of early onset infection, brain ultrasound and echocardiography scanning were performed. M-mode, 2-D presentation and Doppler blood flow velocity were done 4 times during the first year of life (in 2nd, 4th and 12th month). RESULTS: ASD II with 2 to 9 mm diameter was diagnosed in 20 (40.8%) of the examined neonates. Among them 16 were IDM and 4 from healthy mothers. There was no statistically significant difference in the frequency of ASD II recognition in accordance with type of maternal diabetes. During subsequent echocardiography scanning, spontaneous closure of ASD II was found in 11 (55.0%) babies at the age of 12 months. In the remaining 9 (45.0%) infants a decrease in ASD II was notices in 6 (30.0%) cases and the same diameter of arterial defect was left in 3 (15.0%). CONCLUSION: In 38.1% of neonates born to diabetic mothers, cardio-respiratory disturbances during the first 48 hours of life were accompanied by secundum atrial septal defect. During 12 months follow-up with echocardiography evaluation, decrease in diameter or spontaneous closure o ASD II occurred in most of our patients.
Advice that includes food sources of unsaturated fat supports future risk management of gestational diabetes mellitus; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a greater risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and heart disease than pregnant women without GDM. Advice given during the GDM pregnancy provides an opportunity to develop protective dietary patterns for the long-term management of this risk. Dietary guidelines for the prevention and management of type 2 DM support the inclusion of unsaturated fats, but food advice needs to target this outcome. The aim of this study was to compare the dietary intakes of women with GDM given general low-fat advice (control group) to women with GDM given the same advice with additional targets for food sources of unsaturated fats (intervention group). After approximately 6 weeks, the intervention group reported more ideal dietary fatty acid intakes than the control group, with polyunsaturated: saturated fat ratios of 1:1 and 0.4:1, respectively (P<.001), assessed using repeated measures analysis of variance. These results confirm the need to include food sources of unsaturated fats in advice strategies to assure optimal protective eating habits in this at-risk group.
Left ventricle diastolic dysfunction in diabetes: An update; Diabetes mellitus, a disease that has been reaching epidemic proportions, is an important risk factor to the development of cardiovascular complication. Diabetes causes changes within the cardiac structure and function, even in the absence of atherosclerotic disease. The left ventricular diastolic dysfunction (VE) represents the earliest pre-clinical manifestation of diabetic cardiomyopathy, preceding the systolic dysfunction and being able to evolve to symptomatic heart failure. The doppler echocardiography has emerged as an important noninvasive diagnostic tool, providing reliable data in the stages of diastolic function, as well as for systolic function. With the advent of recent echocardiographic techniques, such as tissue Doppler and color M-mode, the accuracy in identifying the moderate diastolic dysfunction, the pseudonormal pattern, has significantly improved. Due to cardiometabolic repercussions of DM, a detailed evaluation of cardiovascular function in diabetic patients is important, and some alterations may be seen even in patients with gestational diabetes.
Markers of oxidative stress in diabetic mothers and their infants during delivery; Oxidative stress is probably a pathophysiological process leading to disadvantageous outcomes in diabetic pregnancies. We aimed to map a complex of potential markers of oxidative stress in this condition. Diabetic mothers had significantly higher concentrations of thiobarbituric acid reactive substances in the plasma [TBARS] both before (p<0.0001) and after (p<0.001) delivery and also their newborns showed higher values of TBARS (p<0.0001) in comparison with the control group. Diabetic mothers also showed lower concentrations of reduced glutathione in erythrocytes [GSH] both before (p<0.05) and after (p<0.01) delivery and their infants also had lower levels of GSH (p<0.0001). We found a lower total antioxidative capacity of plasma [AOC] before delivery (p<0.05) in the diabetic group in comparison with the control group. Newborns of diabetic mothers had higher plasmatic concentrations of apolipoproteine B [apo B] (p<0.05), higher erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase [GPx] activity (p<0.05) and lower pH (p<0.001) in the umbilical cord blood, when compared with infants of control non-diabetic mothers. We conclude that pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus represent increased oxidative stress for both mother and her infant. TBARS in plasma are a valuable marker of oxidative stress in this condition. Disruption of glutathione peroxidase/glutathione pattern can be involved in pathophysiology of enhanced oxidative stress in diabetic pregnancies. © 2005 Institute of Physiology, Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic.
Adiponectin as an adipose tissue hormone and its role in the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease; Adiponectin, is a novel hormone secreted by the adipose tissue. This active protein plays a role in the regulation of whole body energy homeostasis. It enhances insulin sensitivity and has antiatherogenic properties, reduces hepatic glucose production, and diminishes gluconeogenesis. Adiponectin accelerates the oxidation process of fatty acids in muscle cells, reduces triglycerides plasma concentration. In addition, plasma adiponectin levels negatively correlated with BMI and fat content. Numerous analyses have indicated that hypoadiponectinemia is a consequence of the development of obesity in childhood. The adiponectin secretion in newborn children is higher than in older, an child small for gestational age has lower plasma concentration of this protein. Clinical studies suggest that adiponectin deficiency associates with gestational diabetes in women. However, serum adiponectin levels in type 1 diabetes have not been elucidated, probably factors other than glucose and insulin play a significant role in adiponectin secretion in type 1 diabetes.
Birth asphyxia during general anesthesia for a morbidly obese parturient with gestational diabetes mellitus undergoing cesarean section - A case report; A 26-year-old pregnant woman with a body mass index of 60 was scheduled for cesarean section at 36 weeks' gestation. She was found having affected with gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension at 17 weeks of pregnancy. The blood glucose level as controlled by subcutaneous injection of insulin was maintained at the level of 110-140 mg/dL. Hypertension was also controlled by methyldopa and hydralazine with the systolic pressure maintaining at 140-180 mmHg during the pregnancy. Abnormal perfusion of umbilical artery without compromise of placental function was found twice by Doppler prenatal examination at gestation of 33 and 34 weeks respectively. The operation was performed under general anesthesia. However, apnea and low Apgar score of the neonate were noted. General anesthesia was thought as the root cause of this event at first. After a series of examination and management, hypoglycemia and uteroplacental perfusion insufficiency were considered as the causes of this morbidity. The neonate's condition was improved in 48 hr after close care.
Power spectral analysis of heart rate variability during the 100-g oral glucose tolerance test in pregnant women; OBJECTIVE - The aims of the present study were to 1) evaluate autonomic function during the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnant women and 2) investigate whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) modifies autonomic control of heart rate variability. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We prospectively studied 27 pregnant women (15 without GDM, 12 with GDM) during a 100-g OGTT. The maternal electrocardiogram was recorded before and 60 min after glucose ingestion, when peak glucose levels are expected. The time and frequency domains of maternal cardiac intervals were analyzed. RESULTS - There was a significant decrease in the high-frequency (HF) band in both groups after the ingestion of glucose. The normalized low-frequency (LF) band significantly increased and the normalized HF band significantly decreased after glucose ingestion. The LF-to-HF ratio was significantly higher in the group with GDM at baseline and significantly increased in both groups after glucose ingestion. A regression analysis revealed a significant decrease in the HF band with increasing blood glucose levels. CONCLUSIONS - Acute elevation of blood glucose levels during the OGTT caused substantial autonomic alterations, including sympathetic activation and parasympathetic withdrawal. Both arms of the autonomic system were affected during the test, thus lending support to the concept that these changes are centrally integrated. The autonomic changes were less pronounced in women with GDM compared with in normal control subjects, suggesting that chronic hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia may alter modulation of the autonomic nervous system. © 2006 by the American Diabetes Association.
A relational study of gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes; Objectives: The purposes of this study were to investigate the factors impacting the women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) developing type 2 diabetes and its incidence density and to compare the differences between developing type 2 diabetes and non-developing type 2 diabetes in risk factors of coronary heart disease. Method: Based on a non-concurrent cohort study design, we got a total of 558 women with GDM and delivered to a medical center in Taipei from 1998 to 2002. We invited them to participate in the activity of "Come Back Home for Women with GDM" through telephone and mailing from May to June of 2003. Participants were asked to complete the questionnaire and finish the blood test when they came back. The StatXact 4.0 was used to analyze the incidence density of type 2 diabetes. In addition, we presented the descriptive analysis, t-test, K-W test, and Multivariate Logistic Regression analysis using SPSS 11.0. Results: 152 GDM women had been followed, 10 of whom developed diabetes, the other 5 women had been diagnosed with diabetes before this research, so that the diabetes incidence came up to 9.6%. The incidence density of diabetes during the years from 1998 to 2002 was 2.5%c person year, and the predicting factors of developing type 2 diabetes were "pre-pregnant body mass index" and "the plasma glucose value of 100g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in the first hour during pregnancy". There was a significant association between developing type 2 diabetes and non-developing type 2 diabetes in risk factors of coronary heart disease, such as 75g OGTT 2-hour insulin and blood sugar, HbA1c, triglyceride, actual body mass index, waist circumstance, waist buttock ratio, body fat and systolic pressure. Conclusion: The findings reveal that the incidence density of type 2 diabetes and its predictors of GDM women are similar with the findings from abroad. Developing type 2 diabetes women with GDM have higher risk factors of coronary heart disease than other non-GDM women.
Adverse maternal outcomes in multifetal pregnancies; In this retrospective cohort of 165,188 singleton pregnancies and 44,674 multiple-fetal pregnancies in Canada from 1984 to 2000, we compared the incidence of maternal complications. Multiple gestation pregnancies were associated with significant increases in cardiac morbidity, haematologic morbidity, amniotic fluid embolus, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, postpartum haemorrhage, prolonged hospital stay, the need for obstetric intervention, hysterectomy and blood transfusion. Multiple gestation pregnancies are associated with an increased risk of morbidity for the mother. This should be taken into consideration in antenatal care of these women.
Long term cardiovascular risk in women; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a leading cause of death in women and is responsible for more deaths among women than men. Although traditional risk factors are similar between the two sexes, some factors are specific to women. There are also gender differences in CVD presentation, clinical characteristics and outcome. The poor outcome in women may be due to lack of understanding of CVD epidemiology, and gender-related differences in pathophysiology, presentation and efficacy of therapeutic interventions. Although female reproductive events including pregnancy complications such as pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes may indicate cardiovascular risk, few women have access to long-term follow up and advice about life style modification to reduce these risks. Furthermore, current cardiovascular risk stratification strategies do not include pregnancy-related risk factors such as pre-eclampsia. Primary prevention to reduce the burden of CVD in women would depend on more robust risk stratification methods that incorporate reproductive history, particularly pregnancy-related complications. This review addresses gender-specific cardiovascular risk factors that may be present during intrauterine development, adolescence, reproductive years and the menopause. It also highlights the effects of pregnancy complications on long-term female cardiovascular risk. © 2005 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Women and obesity; Problems related to obesity in women include 1) menstrual disorders and decreased fertility associated with obesity in the adolescent and reproductive periods, 2) increased perinatal abnormalities in obese pregnant women, and 3) increased incidence of cardiovascular diseases, cancer of the corpus uteri, and breast cancer in obese postmenopausal women. Menstrual disorders and low fertility occur frequently in both obese and underweight women. The incidence of menstrual abnormalities is lowest when the body mass index (BMI) is 22-23. Recently, attention has been given to an increase in underweight rather than obese pregnant women and the associated decrease in the birth weight of infants. However, obesity in pregnant women is associated with a higher incidence of complications of pregnancy (e.g., preeclampsia and gestational diabetes) and abnormal labor. Obesity, particularly that characterized by the accumulation of visceral fat, increases in women after 40 years of age, and its incidence in women in their 50s reaches a level similar to that in men. With this increase, hyperlipidemia and cardiovascular diseases increase markedly in postmenopausal women. In addition, cancer of the corpus uteri and breast cancer are closely related to obesity after menopause.
Circulating monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 in women with gestational diabetes; Monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (MCP-1) has been implicated as a key factor in the recruitment and activation of peripheral blood leukocytes in atherosclerotic lesions and adipose tissue. Elevated levels of circulating MCP-1 have been found in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes, as well as with coronary artery disease. In this study we compared serum MCP-1 concentrations between pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and non-pregnant healthy women. The studied group consisted of 62 patients with GDM (mean age 30.1 ± 5.0 years) at 29.0 ± 3.5 week of gestation, 64 pregnant women with NGT (mean age 30.0 ± 4.7 years) at 29.2 ± 2.9 week of gestation and 34 non-pregnant healthy women (mean age 29.8 ± 4.7 years). Serum MCP-1 concentration was measured using an enzyme - linked immunosorbent assay. Median MCP-1 concentrations did not differ significantly between women with GDM (median 342.3 [interquartile range 267.9-424.4] pg/ml) and NGT (338.0 [274.7-408.2] pg/ml), but were markedly lower than those found in non-pregnant women (485.2 [409.6-642.4] pg/ml, p<0.0001). After adjusting for glucose, the difference between pregnant and non-pregnant women remained highly significant (p<0.0001). In GDM patients MCP-1 levels correlated significantly with fasting glucose (r=0.2665, p=0.0363), insulin (r=0.4330, p=0.0004), HOMA-IR (r=0.4402, p=0.0003), ISQUICKI (r=-0.4402, p=0.0003), HbA1c (r=0.2724, p=0.0322), as well as with prepregnancy and current BMI (r=0.3501, p=0.0057 and r=0.3250, p=0.0106, respectively). Multiple regression analysis revealed that MCP-1 concentrations were significantly predicted only by plasma glucose (β=0.3489, p=0.00004). Our results suggest that MCP-1 levels are decreased in pregnant women, irrespective of their glucose tolerance status.
Subclinical inflammation and vascular dysfunction in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; Context: A history of gestational diabetes (GDM) significantly increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). It is not known whether nondiabetic women with prior GDM are also at increased risk of CVD. Objective: The aim of this study was to compare biochemical and hemodynamic surrogate markers of CVD in nondiabetic women with and without a history of GDM who were at least 1 yr post delivery. Design: This was a single center cross-sectional study. Setting: The study was performed in an academic referral center. Subjects: Forty-eight premenopausal healthy women with a history of GDM (n = 25) or a history of normal pregnancy (n = 23) were studied in the follicular phase of the menstrual cycle. Main Outcome Measures: The main outcome measures were: 1) inflammatory markers associated with CVD including C-reactive protein, IL-6, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1; 2) the adipokine adiponectin; and 3) conduit vessel stiffness. Results: When compared to normal controls, women with prior GDM had higher mean levels of C-reactive protein (3.58 ± 3.86 vs. 0.52 ± 0.16 mg/liter; P < 0.001), IL-6 (1.81 ± 1.04 vs. 0.99 ± 0.52 pg/ml; P = 0.001), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (29.6 ± 17.6 vs. 16.5 ± 14.0 ng/ml; P=0.001), and lower levels of adiponectin (8.9 ± 3.9 vs. 15.9 ± 7.3 μg/ml; P = 0.001). Women with prior GDM also had significantly (P ≤ 0.04) increased peripheral vascular resistance (1658 ± 290 vs. 1462 ± 340 dyne·sec/cm5), decreased stroke volume (65 ± 13 vs. 75 ± 14 ml/beat), and decreased cardiac output (70 ± 12 vs. 74 ± 13 ml/sec) when compared to controls, after adjusting for body mass index. Conclusions: Nondiabetic women with prior GDM have evidence of subclinical inflammation, hypoadiponectinemia, and early vascular dysfunction; this population may be at increased risk of developing CVD. Copyright © 2005 by The Endocrine Society.
The global increase in diabetes: Unique issues for mothers and children; It is now well documented that obesity and diabetes mellitus (DM) are increasing globally in epidemic proportions across all age groups. As a result, type 2 DM is for the first time being seen frequently in children and young adults in many populations. An increase in the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has also been well documented in Australia and the United States, and there are some data suggesting the same trend in India. However, universal screening for GDM is not practiced in many areas of the world, making it difficult to estimate its true prevalence. The increase in type 2 DM in youth has implications beyond the burgeoning number of persons affected. First, the younger the patient at onset of disease, the greater is the lifetime risk of developing complications of diabetes and/or cardiovascular disease. Secondly, intrauterine exposure to the metabolic environment of maternal diabetes, or GDM, is associated with increased risk of obesity and altered glucose homeostasis (impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 DM) in the offspring, beginning in childhood and probably reflected in more GDM in the next generation as well. In addition, impaired intrauterine growth (under-nutrition) is associated with a similar childhood phenotype and similar adult chronic disease risks. Thus, alterations in the intrauterine metabolic environment may be important contributing factors to the ongoing epidemics of obesity and type 2 diabetes.
Intensive glycemic control in diabetic pregnancy with intrauterine growth restriction is detrimental to fetus; Hyperglycemia during early pregnancy can lead to congenital malformations and/or spontaneous abortion while in the last few days of pregnancy it causes neonatal metabolic complications. Macrosomia is the most common complication and is due to maternal hyperglycemia in second and third trimester of pregnancy. In view of all these, intensive glycemic control of the mother is recommended throughout pregnancy. Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is a well known complication of pre-gestational diabetic patients due to vasculopathy and is also seen in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) due to overinsulinisation. Hitherto there are no separate recommendations for glycemic targets in pregnant diabetic patients with IUGR. In presence of IUGR due placental vascular insufficiency, intensive glycemic control may deprive fetus of nutrition. Secondly frequent hypoglycemias which are inevitable complication of insulin treatment may further worsen the IUGR. In presence of IUGR, macrosomia is a rare possibility, and in such situation intensive glycemic control throughout pregnancy may not be justifiable and may actually be detrimental. Neonatal metabolic complications can be avoided by strict glycemic control during last two weeks of pregnancy. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular disease: Screening and management of the a-symptomatic high-risk post-menopausal woman; Menopause-related oestrogen deficiency increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The presence of abdominal obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension, fasting hyperglycaemia or impaired glucose tolerance further aggravates the CVD risk imposed by menopause. A detailed personal history should be recorded, covering PCOS, gestational diabetes mellitus, alcohol intake and smoking, as well as a family history of cardiovascular disease. Screening of the a-symptomatic post-menopausal woman should include fasting lipid profile, plasma glucose and liver, renal and thyroid function tests. Serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) > 130 mg/dL is associated with an increased risk of CVD. Levels of triglycerides (TG) ≥ 150 mg/dL and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) ≤ 50 mg/dL coupled with an increase in small dense LDL and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) particles constitute the atherogenic dyslipidemia, which characterizes the metabolic syndrome. In women with previous VTE episodes, screening for thrombophilia is advisable, as well as an estimation of baseline homocysteine and C-reactive protein (CRP). Non-pharmacological intervention should be targeted towards smoking cessation, a low-salt, low-fat, high-fibre diet and increased physical activity. © 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Gestational Diabetes: A Condition of Early Diastolic Abnormalities in Young Women; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is not merely a temporary condition, but a harbinger of type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and atherosclerotic disease. We examined the effect of GDM on cardiac diastolic function. Methods: Diastolic function was evaluated by serial Doppler echocardiography with pulsed tissue Doppler imaging in 13 patients with GDM and 13 healthy pregnant women (control group) during the third trimester of pregnancy and after 8 weeks postpartum. Diagnostic criteria for GDM were those as recommended by the American Diabetes Association. Exclusion criteria were any disease or condition that could interfere with diastolic function. Measurements at both times in each group were compared by paired t tests and changes of patients with diabetes were compared with those in control patients by unpaired t tests. Results: There were no differences in age, left ventricular mass, or systolic function between groups. The Doppler parameters that showed significant difference between groups were higher atrial contraction wave (A wave) (P = .008) and lower rapid filling wave (E)/A ratio (P = .006) in diabetic group, on both occasions. Tissue Doppler parameters showed a significant decrease in Em (P = .002) and early mitral annulus velocity (Em)/late mitral annulus velocity (Am) (P = .008) in diabetic group on both occasions, and the Am wave remained increased only in the diabetic group at postpartum. Conclusions: Patients with GDM showed a different diastolic function profile, suggesting a mild degree of diastolic abnormality. The persistence of some abnormalities postpartum corroborates our hypothesis of an early cardiovascular involvement in this group, enhancing the need of a close cardiovascular follow-up of these patients. © 2006 American Society of Echocardiography.
Pregnancy as the prodrome to vascular dysfunction and cardiovascular risk; In previously apparently healthy women, glucose intolerance and high blood pressure during pregnancy are common and frequently occur together. This article reviews the role of these gestational disorders as markers of vascular dysfunction and its pathophysiology. Mechanisms include alterations to function of large arteries and resistance vessels and to capillary blood flow. Much of the vessel pathology is seen in both gestational diabetes and hypertension. In women who have had transient diabetes during pregnancy and later redeveloped overt diabetes, cardiovascular risk is already elevated nearly fourfold before diagnosis, which is almost as high as the average risk after a clinical diagnosis of diabetes is made. This key finding suggests that vascular risk in such women is at least partly independent of overt hyperglycemia.
Echocardiographic measurements in infants of diabetic mothers and macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers; Aim: To compare echocardiographic findings of infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs), macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers and healthy full term appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) infants. Methods: Included in this study were 83 infants, admitted to our Neonatology Unit. Thirty-three IDMs, including both macrosomic and nonmacrosomic, comprised Group A, 25 macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers comprised group B, and 25 healthy full term AGA infants comprised group C. Echocardiographic measurements were performed in the first three days after birth and compared by using one-way ANOVA, Post Hoc Tukey HSD and Student's t tests. Results: The left ventricular end-systolic/left ventricular end-diastolic diameter ratio of group A was significantly smaller than that of group C (P<0.05). The interventricular septum/posterior wall thickness ratios of groups A and B were greater than those of group C (P<0.05). The left ventricular mass index of group A was greater than those of groups B and C (P<0.05). The shortening fraction and ejection fraction of group A were increased in comparison to group C (P<0.05). When comparing the values of echocardiographic measurements of macrosomic IDMs (n=9) with nonmacrosomic ones (n=24), and infants of pregestational diabetic mothers (n=11) with those of gestational diabetes mothers (n=22), no statistical difference was found. Conclusion: The present study suggests that underlying mechanisms common to both macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers and IDMs lead to less cardiac alterations in the macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers than in IDMs. Copyright © by Walter de Gruyter.
Evaluation of adiponectin levels in pregnant women with gestational diabetes; Background. Adiponectin - contrary to a number of other cytokines/hormones secreted by fat tissue cells - has a beneficial effect in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases through its influence on insulin sensitivity and protective role in the development of atherosclerosis. Material and methods. The aim of our study was the estimation of adiponectin concentrations in the peripheral blood of gestational diabetes patients in comparison to healthy pregnant women and the analysis of this cytokine alterations in relationship to particular phenotypic features (BMI, WHR), metabolic status, lipid parameters and indices of insulin resistance in pregnant women. Results. In the present study we have shown that adiponectin concentrations in the peripheral blood of women with gestational diabetes are significantly lower than in women without metabolic disturbances during pregnancy (11.3 ± ± 5.9 vs. 16.3 ± 6.0, p < 0.0001). Combined analysis of both studied groups revealed that there are statistically signifficant negative correlations between adiponectin and body mass index, waist circumference, waist-to-hip ratio or triglyceride levels. We also observed a positive correlation of the studied cytokine with HDL fraction of cholesterol. Conclusions. The results of our study confirm the recent publications about a key role of adiponectin in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes and increased predisposition to type 2 diabetes mellitus and/or cardiovascular disease development in this group of women. Copyright © 2005 Via Medica.
Pregnant diabetic patients: Institutional experience; Background: Diabetes mellitus complicates 3-5% of all pregnancies and is a major cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality. The diet and insulin have revolutionized the care related with pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus. Objective: To report the management experience in patients with diabetes and pregnancy at the Instituto Materno Infantil, Estado de México. Patients and method: A descriptive, retrospective, observational and cross-sectional study of pregnant women with diabetes and pregnancy was conducted from 2003 to 2004. Results: We included 55 pregnant women who had: gestational diabetes 30 (54.4%), pregestational diabetes 24 (43.6%), and carbohydrate intolerance 1 (1.8%); every one of them were controlled either with diet, insulin or both. The mean age was 30.6, 80% with family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus, 9% gestational diabetes. Gestational diabetes was diagnosed in 33.3% by abnormal 50 g glucose screening and 46.6% with oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). The main complications among the patients were urinary disease (61.3%) and the major fetal malformation were those related with cardiovascular disease (9.09%). The most frequent mode of delivery was cesarean section (58%) and birth weight was of 3,146 g. Conclusions: The main risk factors identified among women in the study group were as follow: More than 25 years of age and family history of diabetes mellitus. We observed a progressive increase in the insulin dosage. The most consistent complications among the patients were urinary infection and the major fetal malformation was cardiovascular disease.
Transforming growth factor-beta 1 levels in women with prior history of gestational diabetes mellitus; It is known that women with prior history of gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) feature obesity, insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction which cause premature atherosclerosis. Transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-β1) is a key cytokine in obesity and insulin resistance and also play important roles in the development of atherosclerosis. This study was conducted to demonstrate the serum TGF-β1 levels of people with pGDM. Thirty women with pGDM, 20 women with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and 20 healthy women were enrolled. Serum TGF-β1 levels of people with pGDM were found to be significantly higher than healthy controls and significantly lower than women with T2DM. TGF-β1 levels were found to be correlated with postprandial glucose and age and inversely correlated with body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference. On multiple regression analysis postprandial glucose level, age and BMI were determined as the most important factors affecting TGF-β1 levels. This sudy demonstrates elevated TGF-β1 levels in pGDM. The inflammatory response to hyperglycemia and insulin resistance could be the major factors for the increased expression of TGF-β1. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fetal behavioral states in pregestational and gestational diabetic pregnancies; Objective. To evaluate the characteristics of fetal behavioral states in pregestational and gestational diabetic pregnancies. Material and method. We compared the results obtained in a control group consisting of 20 physiological pregnancies with 20 type 1 diabetic pregnancies and 20 gestational diabetic pregnancies. Ocular activity, body movements and patterns of fetal cardiac frequency on ultrasound and kinetocardiotocography were simultaneously recorded. The time spent by the fetuses in behavioral or coincident states, ability to establish stable behavioral states and behavioral stability were evaluated at weeks 36-37, 38 and 39 of pregnancy. Results. Fetuses in the type 1 diabetic group spent less time in quiet sleeping rate (significant at 38 weeks), more time in states of behavioral incoordination, and showed a greater number of changes in state (significant at 39 weeks) than control group fetuses. Fetuses in the type 1 diabetic group also showed an overall inability to establish stable behavioral states (significant at weeks 36-37 and 38). Fetuses in the gestational diabetes group showed similar alterations, but differences with the control group were not statistically significant. Conclusions. Type 1 diabetes is associated with a lesser fetal ability to establish stable behavioral states.
A distinctive fatty acid profile in circulating lipids of Korean gestational diabetics: A pilot study; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a transient metabolic disorder that is a strong predictor of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Previously, GDM was associated with reduced red cell long-chain omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids in population (British) with high intake of total and saturated fat. The aim of the study was to examine blood fatty acids status of GDM patients (n = 12) and normoglycaemic women (control, n = 12) from South Korea where typical diet retains high omega-3 fat with low total fat intake. Subjects were matched for BMI and gestation week. Blood obtained at delivery were analyzed for plasma triacylglycerols (TG), phosphatidylcholine (PC), sphingomyelin (SM), and red cell PC, phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) and SM fatty acids. GDM patients had lower total saturated fatty acids (SFA) in the plasma TG (p < 0.05) and PC (p < 0.0001), and higher omega-6 and omega-3 metabolites in the plasma PC (p < 0.05) than the controls. Conversely, the red cell PC and PE of the GDM contained higher proportions of palmitic (p < 0.05) and SFA (p < 0.05) but lower arachidonic (p < 0.05) and docosahexaenoic (p > 0.05) acids compared with the controls. Interestingly, red cell PC arachidonic acid level was comparable between Korean and British women whereas docosahexaenoic acid level decreased in the order of Korean control (5.5 ± 0.9) > Korean GDM (3.5 ± 2.1) = British control (3.9 ± 2.9) > British GDM (2.8 ± 2.3) (p < 0.05). The similarity in the plasma and red cell fatty acids profile between Korean and British cohort suggests that the reduced membrane arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids in GDM might be attributed to the effect of the disease itself regardless of ethnicity, obesity, or diet. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of cardiovascular disease in women with a family history of type 2 diabetes; OBJECTIVE - We sought to determine whether a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) further increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in parous women with first-degree relatives with type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Women with (n = 332) and without (n = 663) a history of GDM were compared regarding 1) the revised National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III metabolic syndrome criteria, 2) the prevalence of type 2 diabetes, and 3) self-reported CVD. RESULTS- Women with prior GDM were younger (48.6 ± 0.7 vs. 52.4 ± 0.6 years [means ± SE];P < 0.001) and less likely to be postmenopausal (48.3 vs. 57.9%; P < 0.005). Although both groups were obese (BMI 34.4 ± 1.2 vs. 33.7 ± 0.6 kg/m2), women with prior GDM were more likely to have metabolic syndrome (86.6 vs. 73.5%; P < 0.001) and type 2 diabetes (93.4 vs. 63.3%; P < 0.001). Moreover, they had a higher prevalence of CVD (15.5 vs. 12.4%; adjusted odds ratio 1.85 [95% CI 1.21-2.82];P = 0.005) that occurred at a younger age (45.5 ± 2.2 vs. 52.5 ± 1.9 years;P = 0.02) and was independent of metabolic syndrome (1.74 [1.10-2.76]; P = 0.02) and type 2 diabetes (1.56 [1.002-2.43];P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS - Among women with a family history of type 2 diabetes, those with prior GDM were even more likely to not only have CVD risk factors, including metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes, but also to have experienced CVD events, which occurred at a younger age. Thus, women with both a family history of type 2 diabetes and personal history of GDM may be especially suitable for early interventions aimed at preventing or reducing their risk of CVD and diabetes. © 2006 by the American Diabetes Association.
FALTA; Fetal heart rate values and the variations of its different indexes were determined in patients diagnosed with either preexisting or gestational diabetes and were compared to a control group. The size of the sample was 46 patients, which was divided in 3 groups: 1. Preexisting diabetes (n = 15): the range of the patients age was 20 to 42 years with a mean and standard deviation of 32.2 ± 7.13 years. The range of the pregnancy age was 23 to 37 weeks, with a mean and standard deviation of 31 ± 3.5 weeks. 2. Gestational diabetes (n = 11): the range of the patients age was 22 to 40 years, with a mean and standard deviation of 30.54 ± 6.04 years. The range of the pregnancy age was 26 to 37 weeks, with a mean and standard deviation of 32 ± 3.5 weeks. 3. Control group (n = 20): the range of the patients age was 19 to 38 years, with a mean and standard deviation of 27.45 ± 5.69 years. The range of the pregnancy age was 27 to 39 weeks, with a mean and standard deviation of 33.25 ± 3.11 weeks. Uterine contractility and fetal heart rate registers were carried out with a Hewlett-Packard Monitor, Model 1350 of the 50 XM Series. The duration was 2:00 hours. At the beginning of each register, patients were taken a blood sample to obtain glucose levels. Each patient was taken its blood pressure, pulse, temperature and breathing frecuency levels, abdominal circumference and uterine height were measured and fetal heart beats were checked. For the statistical analisys of basal fetal heart rate and the amplitude of the accelerations the one way variance test was used. Preexisting diabetes: the range of FHR was 120-165 beats, with a mean and standard deviation of 142.802 ± 7.826 beats. Gestational diabetes: the range was 115-160 beats, with a mean and standard deviation of 141.82 ± 9.150 beats. Control group: the range was 110-170 beats, with a mean and standard deviation of 135.5 ± 10.57 beats. The difference between means was significant; p = 0.0000. A comparative analisys of the amplitude of accelerations among the 3 study groups was made. Preexisting diabetes: the amplitude of accelerations had a range of 10 to 50 beats, with a mean of 24.198 beats. Gestational diabetes: the range was 8 to 45 beats, with a mean of 22.61 beats. Control group: the range was 8 to 50 beats, with a mean of 24.81 beats. The difference between means was significant; p = 0.05, which tells us these facts are for real and not at random. Glucose values were: - Preexisting diabetes: the range of glycemia was 75 to 220 mg/dl; with a mean and standard deviation of 122.4 ± 44.79 mg/dl. - Gestational diabetes: the range was 74 to 221 mg/dl; with a mean and standard deviation of 119.9 ± 48.11 mg/dl. - Control group: glucose remained within the normal range. In the 1st and 2nd groups, the difference between means was not significant; p = 0.89. The physical state of the newborns was measured according to the Apgar test, at the 1 st and 5th minutes; all newborns were vigorous. All studies were longitudinal.
Racial disparities in the association of foetal growth retardation to childhood blood pressure; Background. Foetal growth retardation (FGR), defined as less than the 10th percentile of birth weight for gestational age, is reported to be an important contributor to hypertension and cardiovascular disease in children and adults, but findings are not consistent. For this reason we re-examined the role of FGR in childhood blood pressure. Methods. We performed univariate and multivariate analyses on data gathered from 262 children, age 5 years, born to mothers at risk for pre-term delivery or FGR infant. The characteristics of the mothers and the children were evaluated using Students t-test. Rates and proportions were compared using either χ-square or Fisher's exact test. Linear regression models evaluated the effect of birth weight and body mass index on systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Multivariate linear regression was used to model the effects of FGR, gestational age, body mass index, race, gender, maternal smoking, maternal gestational diabetes on blood pressure while adjusting for possible confounders. Results. Systolic blood pressure was inversely associated with birth weight in white children while a small direct association was noted in African Americans. Body mass index was positively associated with systolic blood pressure in both groups. Multiple linear regression analyses showed FGR and early gestational age were associated with higher blood pressure in white but not African American children, accounting for a 13.2 mmHg difference between FGR and appropriate for gestational age groups. Blood pressure in African Americans was strongly affected by maternal gestational diabetes and smoking. Conclusions. Birth weight influences childhood blood pressure but the effects may vary depending on ethnic group. The relative importance of birth weight on blood pressure may depend on other prenatal and post-partum risks. © The Author [20050]. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of ERA-EDTA. All rights reserved.
Increased blood pressure in the offspring of diabetic mothers; Studies were conducted in rats to determine the effect of maternal diabetes and the consequent hyperglycemia on cardiovascular function in the offspring. Diabetes was induced in pregnant Wistar rats through streptozotocin injection (50 mg/kg). Cardiovascular parameters were measured in 2-mo-old offspring animals of diabetic (OD, n = 12) and control rats (OC, n = 8). Arterial pressure (AP), heart rate (HR), baroreflex sensitivity, and vascular responsiveness to phenylephrine (PH) and sodium nitroprusside (SN) were measured. Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) activity in heart, kidney, and lung was determined. OD rats exhibited increases in systolic AP (138 ± 8 vs. 119 ± 6 mmHg, OD vs. OC), with no change in HR (342 ± 21 vs. 364 ± 39 beats per minute (bpm), OD vs. OC). The reflex tachycardia elicited by SN was reduced in OD rats, as indicated by the slope of the linear regression (-2.2 ± 0.4 vs. -3.6 ± 0.8 bpm/mmHg, OD vs. OC). Vascular responsiveness to PH was increased 63% in OD rats compared with OC. OD rats showed increases in ACE activity in heart, kidney, and lung (1.13 ± 0.24, 3.04 ± 0.86, 40.8 ± 8.9 vs. 0.73 ± 0.19, 1.7 ± 0.45, 28.1 ± 6 nmol His-Leu·min-1 mg protein -1, OD vs. OC). Results suggest that diabetes during pregnancy affects cardiovascular function in offspring, seen as hypertension, baroreflex dysfunction, and activation of tissue renin-angiotensin system. Copyright © 2005 the American Physiological Society.
Neonatal meningitis: Related features; Objective: The goal of this study was to identify and to analyze the features related to the occurrence of neonatal meningitis. Method: In a case-control study we examined all newborns presenting meningitis between August/2002 and December/2003 in the neonatal Intensive Care Unit. Healthy newborns were enrolled as a Control Group (CG). Data related to pregnancy, labor and the neonate itself were collected. The results with p<0,05 were considered significant. Results: 42 newborns with meningitis were compared to 42 controls. The meningitis group (MG) presented a lower number of medical visits during the prenatal care. The most common abnormalities detected in both groups were: drug addiction, congenital infections, preeclampsia, eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and urinary tract infections. Fetal respiratory distress and the use of respiratory support were related to the occurrence of meningitis. The average weight and the APGAR scores were lower in the MG. The prevalence of premature and small for the gestational age infants was significantly higher in the MG. The neurological examination detected abnormalities in 35.7% of the meningitis cases. Conclusion: The association of risk factors related to pregnancy, labor and the newborn itself to the neonatal meningitis outcome in our setting is similar to the described in the literature.
Gestational diabetes, inflammation, and late vascular disease; Physiological changes of pregnancy include insulin resistance and activation of the innate immunity with an inflammatory response. The working hypothesis is that the sub-clinical inflammation associated with excessive adiposity may favor the development of gestational diabetes (GDM) and Type 2 diabetes and other metabolic abnormalities related to cardiovascular disease later in life. In this paper we review the complex interrelationship among inflammatory markers, metabolic syndrome, and endothelium dysfunction in women with GDM and discuss if women with previous GDM (pGDM) could be considered at risk for cardiovascular diseases. MEDLINE was searched for articles relating GDM and the adipokines (tumor necrosis factor-α and adiponectin) as well as the acute-phase inflammatory biomarker C-reactive protein that contribute to the development of diabetic pregnancy and vascular complications. However, to date, in pGDM women no prospective study is available, to corroborate the hypothesis that inflammatory pattern could be taken as predictor of cardiovascular disease later in life. Therefore, our paper should provide arguments to perform follow-up programs to prevent cardiovascular events in women with pGDM. Control of body weight, regular physical exercise are indeed powerful intervention tools able at improving insulin sensitivity and reduce sub-clinical inflammation, both involved in the patoghenesis of cardiovascular disease. ©2007, Editrice Kurtis.
The reporting of pre-existing maternal medical conditions and complications of pregnancy on birth certificates and in hospital discharge data; Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine the accuracy of live-birth certificates and hospital discharge data that reported of pre-existing maternal medical conditions and complications of pregnancy. Study design: We conducted a population-based validation study in 19 non-federal short-stay hospitals in Washington state with a stratified random sample of 4541 women who had live births between January 1, 2000, and December 31, 2000. True- and false-positive fractions were calculated. Results: Birth certificate and hospital discharge data combined had substantially higher true-positive fractions than did birth certificate data alone for cardiac disease (54% vs 29%), acute or chronic lung disease (24% vs 10%), gestational diabetes mellitus (93% vs 64%), established diabetes mellitus (97% vs 52%), active genital herpes (77% vs 38%), chronic hypertension (70% vs 47%), pregnancy-induced hypertension (74% vs 49%), renal disease (13% vs 2%), and placenta previa (70% vs 33%). For the 2 medical risk factors that are available only on birth certificates, true-positive fractions were 37% for established genital herpes and 68% for being seropositive for hepatitis B surface antigen. Conclusion: In Washington, most medical conditions and complications of pregnancy that affect mothers are substantially underreported on birth certificates, but hospital discharge data are accurate in the reporting of gestational and established diabetes mellitus and placenta previa. Together, birth certificate and hospital discharge data are much superior to birth certificates alone in the reporting of gestational diabetes mellitus, active genital herpes, and chronic hypertension. © 2005 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
The importance of determining the presence and degree of insulin resistance in the general population and in some clinical states; Insulin resistance is the inability of insulin to produce its common biological effect at a concentration which is efficacious in healthy individuals. Insulin resistance can develop in all aspects of insulin action. As insulin resistance frequently occurs prior to the diagnosis of different clinical states, identifying and treatment of insulin resistance in the general population has a certain preventive significance. Insulin resistance is etiopathogenetically associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity (mainly of the central type), arterial hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, dyslipidemia, polycystic ovary syndrome, and some other disorders. Insulin resistance should be suspected in patients with a family history of diabetes mellitus in closest relatives, patients with a history of gestational diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance, arterial hypertension, dyslipidemia, elevated liver enzymes, in obese persons and those with the abdominal type of obesity in particular as well as in those with polycystic ovary syndrome. A separate group of clinically very interesting diseases are inherited syndromes characterized by extreme insulin resistance, contributing significantly to reduced insulin action and insulin resistance. Several methods for determining the presence and degree of insulin resistance such as clamp technique, frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIVGTT), continuous infusion of glucose with model assessment (CIGMA), and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) are described. The most frequently used method today is HOMA, a simple method for the evaluation of the function of beta cells and the degree of insulin resistance from basal (fasting) glucose values and insulin concentrations.
Mechanisms of perinatal programming exemplified by the regulation of body weight and metabolism; Currently, epidemiological, clinical and experimental data are being intensively discussed which indicate that exposures during prenatal and perinatal life have lifelong consequences for the risk of developing chronic diseases like obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. This paper reviews current knowledge on mechanisms which might underlie processes of programming, focussing on perinatal programming of the regulation of body weight and metabolism. Using the example of gestational diabetes and its long-term consequences for risk of obesity and diabetes in the offspring, the potentially far-ranging consequences of being aware of such mechanisms are discussed. © 2007 Springer Medizin Verlag.
Targeting postprandial hyperglycemia; In healthy individuals, blood glucose levels in the fasting state are maintained by the continuous basal-level insulin secretion. After a meal, the rise in postprandial glucose (PPG) is controlled by the rapid pancreatic release of insulin, stimulated by both glucose and the intestinal production of the incretins glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide and glucagon-like peptide 1. In diabetic individuals, postprandial insulin secretion is insufficient to suppress an excessive rise in PPG. There is increasing evidence that elevated PPG exerts a more deleterious effect on the vascular system than elevation of fasting plasma glucose. In particular, individuals with normal fasting plasma glucose but impaired glucose tolerance have significantly increased risk of cardiovascular events. With the recognition of the importance of PPG and the availability of new pharmacologic options, management of diabetes will shift to greater attention to PPG levels. The prototype for such an approach is in the treatment of gestational diabetes and diabetic pregnancies where PPG is the primary target of efforts at glycemic control. These efforts have been extremely successful in improving the outlook for diabetic pregnant women. There are many approaches to reduction of PPG; dietary management and promotion of exercise are very effective. Sulfonylureas, meglitinides, metformin, thiazolidinediones, and disaccharidase inhibitors all counteract PPG elevation. The development of glucagon-like peptide 1 agonists such as exendin and dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitors such as vildagliptin offers a new approach to suppression of PPG elevation. New semisynthetic insulin analogues permit a more aggressive response to postprandial glucose elevation, with lower risk of hypoglycemia, than with regular insulin. Inhaled insulin also has a rapid onset of action and offers benefits in PPG control. It is proposed that an aggressive treatment approach focusing on PPG, similar to the current standards for diabetic pregancies, be directed at individuals with diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance. © 2006.
Nutrition and reproduction in women; Malnutrition is a major problem in developing countries, and obesity and eating disorders are increasingly common in developing as well as developed countries. The reproductive axis is closely linked to nutritional status, especially undernutrition in the female, and inhibitory pathways involving detectors in the hind brain suppress ovulation in subjects with weight loss. Recovery may occur after minimal reacquisition of weight because energy balance is more important than body fat mass. Anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa affect up to 5% of women of reproductive age causing amenorrhoea, infertility and, in those who do conceive, an increased likelihood of miscarriage. Obesity can affect reproduction through fat cell metabolism, steroids and secretion of proteins such as leptin and adiponectin and through changes induced at the level of important homeostatic factors such as pancreatic secretion of insulin, androgen synthesis by the ovary and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) production by the liver. WHO estimates that 9 to 25% of women in developed countries are severely obese, and obese mothers are much more likely to have obese children, especially if they have gestational diabetes. Obesity-associated anovulation may lead to infertility and to a higher risk of miscarriage. Management of anovulation with obesity involves diet and exercise as well as standard approaches to ovulation induction. Many obese women conceive without assistance, but pregnancies in obese women have increased rates of pregnancy-associated hypertension, gestational diabetes, large babies, Cesarean section and perinatal mortality and morbidity. Among contraceptors, the fear of weight gain affects uptake and continuation of hormonal contraceptives, although existing trials indicate that any such effects are small. For all methods of hormonal contraception, weight above 70 kg is associated with increased failure rates. © 2006 Oxford University Press.
Pre-gestational maternal body mass index predicts an increased risk of congenital malformations in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes; Aims: The aim of the present study was to identify characteristics in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) that could be predictive of congenital malformations in their infants. Methods: Using data from the Spanish Collaborative Study of Congenital Malformations (ECEMC), a hospital-based case-control study and surveillance system, we assessed the relationship between a number of maternal variables, including pre-gestational body mass index (BMI), and specific congenital malformations in their infants. Results: The overall risk for a selected group of congenital malformations in an infant of an obese mother with GDM compared with an obese mother with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) was 2.78 (1.38-5.55, P < 0.001). Within the group of mothers with GDM, obesity (BMI > 30 kg/m2) was associated with a significantly increased risk of cardiovascular defects compared with non-obese women [OR = 2.82 (1.31-7.04), P < 0.01]. In mothers with NGT, pre-gestational BMI was not associated with congenital malformations. Conclusion: Pre-gestational obesity is a predictive variable for congenital malformations in infants of mothers with GDM. The greater their BMI, the higher the risk for congenital malformations in their offspring. Given the blastogenic origin of the congenital defects identified, and the relationship between obesity and Type 2 diabetes, it is probable that this increased risk is as a result of previously unidentified pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGD). It is important that overweight and obese women planning a pregnancy be evaluated for the presence of diabetes. © 2005 Diabetes UK.
Long-term effect of maternal obesity on pancreatic beta cells of offspring: Reduced beta cell adaptation to high glucose and high-fat diet challenges in adult female mouse offspring; Aim/hypothesis: Obesity is a global problem with high risks of cardiovascular diseases, stroke and type 2 diabetes. It is well known that maternal obesity affects offspring by inducing malformation, functional abnormalities in many organs and cells, and by increased risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes. However, little is known about abnormalities induced by maternal obesity in pancreatic beta cells of offspring. Methods: We used mouse mothers with the Agouti yellow modification on a C57BL/6 background as a maternal model of normoglycaemic obesity, and produced Agouti-negative offspring. Half of the offspring were fed a high-fat diet. Offspring glucose tolerance was tested at different ages, and animals were killed at 50 weeks of age for islet function analysis. Results: Maternal obesity impaired glucose tolerance in female offspring fed a high-fat diet, and significantly reduced insulin secretion at 50 weeks of age in female offspring that had been fed a normal diet and high-fat diet. Insulin secretion and glucose potentiation from these islets were significantly reduced. Islet protein, DNA and insulin contents were increased while glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase and transketolase activities were reduced in female offspring. Conclusions/interpretation: Our results indicate that maternal obesity has a long-term effect on the beta cells of female, but not of male, offspring, and leads to increased risk of gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes in the offspring's later lives. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Release of proinflammatory cytokines and 8-isoprostane from placenta, adipose tissue, and skeletal muscle from normal pregnant women and women with gestational diabetes mellitus; The aim of this study was to 1) profile the basal release of TNF-α, Il-6, IL-8, and 8-isoprostane (a marker of oxidative stress); and 2) investigate the effect of stimulation on the release of cytokines from sc adipose tissue and skeletal muscle from normal pregnant women and women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Placenta, sc adipose tissue, and skeletal muscle were incubated in the absence (control) or presence of lipopolysaccharide (LPS; 10 μg/ml), TNF-α (10 ng/ml), IL-6 (10 ng/ml), or IL-8 (10 ng/ml). After an 18-h incubation, the medium was collected, and the release of TNF-α, IL-6, IL-8, and 8-isoprostane was quantified by ELISA. In all three tissues, 8-isoprostane release was greater in women with GDM, and stimulation with LPS increased 8-isoprostane release from adipose and skeletal muscle, but not placenta, obtained from women with GDM. However, in tissues obtained from normal pregnant women, LPS stimulation increased 8-isoprostane release in placenta and had no effect in adipose tissue and skeletal muscle. Their was no difference in the release of TNF-α, IL-6, and IL-8 from placenta, adipose tissue, and skeletal muscle obtained from normal pregnant women and women with GDM. Stimulation of placenta, adipose tissue, and skeletal muscle with LPS and TNF-α resulted in greater release of IL-6 and IL-8, whereas only LPS increased TNF-α release from all three tissues. The data presented in this study demonstrate that there is a differential release of 8-isoprostane from fetal (placenta) and maternal (adipose tissue and skeletal muscle) tissues obtained from normal pregnant women and women with GDM. These data are consistent with the hypothesis that oxidative stress may be involved in the progression and/or pathogenesis of GDM.
Polycystic ovarian syndrome - prognosis and outcomes; Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is a condition that is present in 5-6% of women of reproductive age. It has potentially profound implications for women with regard to anovulatory infertility and symptoms related to elevated androgen levels. In addition, in later life women are prone to significant health problems related to hyperinsulinaemia, with an excess risk for diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors. Evidence suggests that the adverse features of PCOS can be ameliorated with lifestyle intervention, such as diet and exercise, while further short-term benefits related to ovulation and cardiac risk factors may be derived from medication with metformin. Evidence for the long-term use of metformin to protect against adverse cardiovascular outcomes and for the use of metformin throughout pregnancy to reduce the risk of miscarriage, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and fetal macrosomia is still lacking. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Some thoughts on the vasculopathy of women with ischemic heart disease; Considerable experimental and clinical data indicate that sex has an important influence on cardiovascular physiology and pathology. This report integrates selected literature with new data from the Women's Ischemia Syndrome Evaluation (WISE) on vascular findings in women with ischemic heart disease (IHD) and how these findings differ from those in men. A number of common vascular disease-related conditions are either unique to (e.g., hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, peripartum dissection, polycystic ovarian syndrome, etc.) or more frequent (e.g., migraine, coronary spasm, lupus, vasculitis, Raynaud's phenomenon, etc.) in women than men. Post-menopausal women more frequently have many traditional vascular disease risk conditions (e.g., hypertension, diabetes, obesity, inactivity, and so on), and these conditions cluster more frequently in them than men. Considerable evidence supports the notion that, with these requisite conditions, women develop a more severe or somewhat different form of vascular disease than men. Structurally, women's coronary vessels are smaller in size and appear to contain more diffuse atherosclerosis, their aortas are stiffer (fibrosis, remodeling, and so on), and their microvessels appear to be more frequently dysfunctional compared with men. Functionally, women's vessels frequently show impaired vasodilator responses. Limitations of existing data and higher risks in women with acute myocardial infarction, need for revascularization, or heart failure create uncertainty about management. A better understanding of these findings should provide direction for new algorithms to improve management of the vasculopathy underlying IHD in women. © 2006 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Diabetes management in pregnancy; Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with significant morbidity and mortality and its prevalence is rising. The management of this condition involves the co-ordinated care of a multi-disciplinary team consisting of endocrinologists, obstetricians, midwives and dieticians. This review concentrates on the control of diabetes in pregnancy, by which both maternal and fetal complications can be minimised. The management of gestational diabetes centres on self-monitoring of blood glucose, diet control and if necessary, insulin treatment. Women with gestational diabetes have a high risk of developing type 2 diabetes later in life and should be counselled on the importance of lifestyle modification. In patients with pre-existing type 1 and 2 diabetes, pre-conception counselling is important to optimise pregnancy outcome. Such counselling also provides an opportunity to screen for pre-existing vascular complications such as retinopathy (which may worsen during pregnancy) and measure baseline markers of glycaemic control such as HbA1C. Insulin requirements vary during pregnancy and hence daily assessment of blood glucose levels should be performed and the insulin dose adjusted accordingly. Conventional injections of insulin or insulin pumps are both effective in optimising glycaemic control, although the latter is generally used in patients for whom achieving normoglycaemia is challenging. Blood pressure should be regularly monitored and hypertension treated. The evidence for the efficacy of various treatment modalities has been examined in this review. By optimising diabetes management in pregnancy, it is hoped that the pregnant diabetic patient can look forward to a similar pregnancy outcome as that of a normal woman. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Fibrinolytic dysfunction in insulin-resistant women with previous gestational diabetes; Background: Women with a history of gestational diabetes (p-GDM) are at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) later in life, and therefore at increased risk for future cardiovascular disease. Materials and methods: Three months after delivery we investigated the plasma levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 (PAI-1), tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA), fibrinogen and von Willebrand factor (vWF) in 74 women with p-GDM and 20 healthy females with normal glucose tolerance during and after pregnancy, as well as the relation of fibrinolytic parameters to insulin resistance and glycaemic control. All women underwent an oral (OGTT) as well as an intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT). Mathematical model analysis disclosed that 50% (n = 37 each) of the p-GDM subjects had normal (NIS) or impaired (IIS) insulin sensitivity. Parameters of interest were determined using commercially available test systems. Results: Women with p-GDM and IIS had significantly increased body fat mass (BFM) (P ≤ 0.001) compared with women with p-GDM and NIS and controls, whereas the waist to hip ratio (WHR) was similar in both p-GDM groups but was higher compared with the controls (P ≤ 0.001). Mean PAI-1 and t-PA as well as fasting and stimulated plasma concentrations of proinsulin, C-peptide and insulin were elevated, whereas the disposition index was lower in women with p-GDM and IIS compared with women with p-GDM and NIS and the controls (P < 0.001). Plasma levels of fibrinogen and vWF did not differ between the groups. Obese women with IIS had higher PAI-1 levels than lean women with IIS (P ≤ 0.001). PAI-1 inversely correlated with the insulin sensitivity index (SI) but only in women with IIS (P < 0.0001). On regression analysis, only fasting proinsulin and WHR remained significant independent predictors of PAI-1 elevation in IIS (P ≤ 0.0001 and P ≤ 0.001). The PAI-1/SI ratio was elevated in women with IIS independently of their glucose tolerance status (P < 0.001 vs. NIS and controls). Conclusions: Plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 is elevated in p-GDM women with IIS and depends on plasma proinsulin and abdominal obesity. An increase of the PAI-1/SI ratio further characterizes obese insulin-resistant p-GDM women who may be at risk for diabetes and angiopathy. © 2006 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Pregnancy complications as a risk factor for metabolic and cardiovascular disease in later life; In recent years several large epidemiological studies have been published that demonstrate that women who experience gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension or pre-eclampsia have an increased risk of developing type-2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. 15-50% of women who experience gestational diabetes develop type-2 diabetes mellitus; the risk is particularly high in those who require insulin therapy during pregnancy. Chronic hypertension frequently develops years after a pregnancy complicated by pregnancy-induced hypertension, especially in women who have had pregnancy-induced hypertension in multiple pregnancies. Women who experience pre-eclampsia in the first 36 weeks of pregnancy or in multiple pregnancies have an increased risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in later life. Therefore gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension and pre-eclampsia provide an opportunity to identify individuals with an increased risk of type-2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease at an early age. This may create new perspectives on prevention.
Maternal vasculopathy and histologic diagnosis of preeclampsia: Poor correlation of histologic changes and clinical manifestation; Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the frequency of maternal vasculopathy and to determine the usefulness of placental examination in correlation with clinical manifestation of pregnancy-induced hypertension. Study design: We investigated 350 pregnancy-induced hypertension placentas over a 2.5-year period (January 2002-June 2004) to identify the potential usefulness of the maternal vasculopathy in histologic diagnosis and corroboration of clinical preeclampsia. This study was carried out at West Virginia University Ruby Memorial Hospital, where 1271 placentas were examined macroscopically and microscopically for the period. The presence or absence of vascular changes, infarctions, thrombosis, abruption, chorangiosis, and chorioamnionitis were investigated for each placenta with the clinical diagnosis of preeclampsia or pregnancy-induced hypertension. Results: Two types of vascular changes that are characteristic of pregnancy-induced hypertension, namely maternal atherosis and fibrinoid medial necrosis, were found in 21.4% of the placentas (75/350 placentas). These vascular changes were found mainly in the decidua capsularis of the membrane rolls, not on the decidua basalis of the maternal floor. There were more placental infarctions within these placentas (32.3%; 113/350 placentas). Intervillous thrombosis was 18.9% (66/350 placentas); microscopic abruption was 6.3% (22/350 placentas); chorangiosis was 10.9% (38/350 placentas), and chorioamnionitis was 8.6% (30/350 placentas). Conclusion: These findings demonstrate that the maternal vascular changes that are characteristic of pregnancy-induced hypertension are found in approximately 1 of 5 pregnancy-induced hypertension placentas. Examination of pregnancy-induced hypertension placentas should be based on a combination of a number of histologic changes. Furthermore, the decidua capsularis of the fetal membrane roll, rather than the decidua basalis of the maternal floor, of the placenta should be examined for these maternal vascular changes. © 2006 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Clinico-graphical comparison between pregestational and gestational diabetes; A prospective, comparative, open, exploratory study was carried out of a sample of 30 subjects. These were divided into 2 groups. Group I consisted of preexisting diabetes, Group II of those with gestational diabetes. 1. Group I (n = 15). The patients age, have a mean of 29.87 years. The pregnancy age have a mean of 31.853 weeks. 2. Group II (n = 15). The patients age, have a mean of 30.60 years. The pregnancy age have a mean of 32.53 weeks. Uterine Contractility and Fetal Heart Rate registers were carried out with a Hewlett Packard Monitor model 1350, serie 50XM was used. The first study was 24 h before during admission. It was repeated within 24 h of discharge. The patients was her own control. This study lasted 2 h. At the same moment as the collection of these data, a sample of blood was taken to determine the level of HbA1c, blood pressure, pulse rate, temperature and respiratory frequency were also recorded. In addition, the abdominal circumference and uterine height were measured and the fetal heart ascertained. SPSS and Student t test for ordered pairs of data were used for the statistical analysis. A comparative analysis of basal fetal heart rate (FHR) between 2 groups of patients those white preexisting diabetes and those with gestational diabetes. Group I, at admission to hospital the mean of the FHR was 147.48 beats/min. At discharge the FHR registered a mean of 143 beats/min. It we take into account the value of p < 0.000 the difference between means was significant. Group II, at admission the mean value of the FHR was 143.94 beats/min. At discharge the mean of the FHR was 142.26 beats/min. With a value of p < 0.000 the difference between means was significant. A comparative analysis the values of accelerations in the 2 groups was made. Group I, at admission the mean value of the acceleration was 23.72 beats. At discharge 24.56 beats, the difference was not significant. Group II, at admission the mean value of the acceleration was 20.75 beats, at discharge 22.19 beats. The difference was not significant. Glycemia: Group I at admission their glucose registered a mean value of 119.27 mg/dl at discharge, 112.20 mg/dl. Group II, at admission their glucose registered a mean value of 139.07 mg/dl, at discharge 119.50 mg/dl. HbA1c the following readings were obtained: Group I, at admission the HbA1c showed a mean 7.46% at discharge the mean was 7.354%. Group II, at admission the HbA1c had a mean of 7.533% at discharge it was 6.68%. In the first group 12 newborns were vigorous in the first minute, they were judged to be in puntuation 7-8. Two were judged to be puntuation 2 and 6 respectively. In the fifth minute 13 of the children were progressing well, being in puntuation 8 and 9. The child judged to be in puntuation 2 at berth remained in health, in the fifth minute, the puntuation was 5. In the second group 11 of the newborns were judged to be in puntuation 7-9 in the first minute, and puntuation 8-9 in the fifth minute.
Metabolic and vascular abnormalities in subjects at risk for type 2 diabetes: The early start of a dangerous situation; Various groups at risk for type 2 diabetes have been identified, including individuals with family history of type 2 diabetes, obesity, prior gestational diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome, metabolic syndrome, hypertension, dyslipidemia and particularly those with pre-diabetes (impaired glucose tolerance and/or impaired fasting glucose). To various degrees, all these groups have also been identified with significant vascular abnormalities that range from endothelial dysfunction and low-grade or sub-clinical inflammation to evident atherosclerosis. The mechanisms involved in establishing a link between the risk of type 2 diabetes and vascular dysfunction are multiple and complex. The presence in the circulation of various cytokines, hormones and substrates associated with increased visceral fat and insulin resistance, the frequent appearance of associated cardiovascular risk factors and/or the possibility of some genetically determined intrinsic vascular abnormalities are all explanatory mechanisms that are being evaluated in clinical research. Whereas the possibility of appreciating a significant reduction in cardiovascular outcomes in long-term prospective clinical trials in all these groups at risk for type 2 diabetes is still lacking, understanding these mechanisms and recognizing how various interventions may improve vascular health is a worthwhile area of research that may translate into important clinical strategies to reduce the burden of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. © 2005 IMSS. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Fetal myocardial performance in pregnancies complicated by gestational impaired glucose tolerance; Objective: To determine fetal myocardial performance in pregnancies complicated by mild gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT). Methods: Ultrasound examinations were performed in 37 pregnant women with mild GIGT (36 did not require insulin) and in 44 controls at 18-24, 26-30 and 34-37 weeks of gestation. The thickness of the fetal ventricular walls and interventricular septum were measured by M-mode echocardiography. Using conventional Doppler echocardiography, the mitral and tricuspid early (E) and late (A) diastolic velocities and the ventricular myocardial performance index (MPI) were determined. Results: The fetuses of women with GIGT had a greater abdominal circumference (P = 0.02), a larger amniotic fluid index (P = 0.03), and a tendency to be heavier (P = 0.058) at the third scan. There were no significant differences in myocardial thickness, mitral and tricuspid E and A velocities, and E/A ratios between study and control groups. The left and right ventricular MPIs, while similar between the two groups in the first and second scans, had decreased significantly by late gestation in the GIGT fetuses (P for trend = 0.018 and 0.014, respectively) and were significantly lower than those of the control group (P = 0.002 and 0.0008, respectively). Conclusions: Fetuses of women with mild GIGT lack the ventricular hypertrophy and diastolic dysfunction that is common in fetuses of diabetic mothers, and they have a decreased MPI late in gestation. Copyright © 2007 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Diabetes mellitus and pregnancy; Diabetes mellitus and pregnancy co-occur in two different clinical entities: gestational diabetes and pregestational diabetes. Maternal hyperglycemia may have profound effects on the foetus, which depend on the period of pregnancy in which it is present. Gestational diabetes identifies women at significant risk for developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the future, who should undergo preventive programs in the postpartum follow-up. Preconception care in women with pregestational diabetes is the best method of preventing maternal and neonatal complications. Diabetes (gestational and pregestational) should not be an obstacle for breastfeeding, which may, in fact, provide additional benefits to the child.
Prevention of T2DM in women with a previous history of GDM; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a high risk of progression to type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Risk factors are similar for GDM and T2DM and include, among others, obesity, family history, and ethnic background. GDM is also associated with the metabolic syndrome. Women with impaired glucose tolerance or "prediabetes" postpartum have the highest risk of progression. In women with impaired glucose tolerance, lifestyle modification or pharmacologic therapy may prevent or delay the onset of T2DM. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc.
Developmental origins of cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and obesity in humans; Fetal growth restriction and low weight gain in infancy are associated with an increased risk of adult cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome. The fetal origins of adult disease hypothesis proposes that these associations reflect permanent changes in metabolism, body composition and tissue structure caused by undernutrition during critical periods of early development. An alternative hypothesis is that both small size at birth and later disease have a common genetic aetiology. These two hypotheses are not mutually exclusive. In addition to low birthweight, fetal 'overnutrition' caused by maternal obesity and gestational diabetes leads to an increased risk of later obesity and type 2 diabetes. There is consistent evidence that accelerated BMI gain during childhood, and adult obesity, are additional risk factors for cardiovascular disease and diabetes. These effects are exaggerated in people of low birthweight. Poor fetal and infant growth combined with recent increases in childhood adiposity may underlie the high rates of disease in developing countries undergoing nutritional transition. Sub-optimal maternal nutritional status is a major cause of low birthweight globally but its impact on fetal growth in 'well-nourished' western populations has been inadequately studied. In experimental animals hypertension and insulin resistance can be programmed in the offspring by restricting maternal diet in pregnancy but there are currently insufficient data to determine whether maternal nutritional status and diet programme cardiovascular disease risk in humans. ©2006 Eurekah.com and Springer Science+Business Media.
Pregnancy outcome after bariatric surgery for obesity; Obesity, generally defined as body mass index (BMI) of 30 kg/m2 and above, is a universal growing epidemic. From a public health perspective, it represents an important modifiable risk factor for adverse health and pregnancy outcome. There is a significant association between obesity and diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders, ischemic heart disease and sleep apnea. During pregnancy, obesity is associated with fertility treatments, recurrent abortions, preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus and other complications such as labor dystocia, mal-presentations, fetal macrosomia, and higher rates of cesarean deliveries. Bariatric surgery is the only effective treatment for morbidly obese patients, and these operations are performed predominantly among women. Few studies have addressed pregnancy outcome after obesity surgery. Basically, pregnancy outcome is comparable to controls of normal BMI. This review aims to present updates on the relationship between obesity and pregnancy outcomes, and the outcome of patients following bariatric surgeries.
Effect of thiazolidinedione treatment on progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in premenopausal women at high risk for type 2 diabetes; We tested the effects of treatment with a thiazolidinedione drug on rates of progression of carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) and some putative determinants of CIMT in young women at high risk for type 2 diabetes. A total of 266 nondiabetic, Hispanic women with recent gestational diabetes were randomized to placebo or troglitazone. CIMT measurements were made at baseline, annually, and at study end, together with measurements of obesity, serum lipids, and glucose and insulin levels during oral glucose tolerance tests. Insulin sensitivity (minimal model analysis) was measured at baseline and 3 months later. Data were analyzed to compare CIMT progression rates between treatment groups and investigate potential determinants of differences in CIMT progression. One hundred ninety-two women had a CIMT measurement at baseline and at least one follow-up visit. The mean rate of CIMT change was 31% lower in women assigned to troglitazone (P = 0.048). This intergroup difference was not explained by baseline or on-trial differences in obesity, lipids, glucose, or insulin. The reduction in CIMT progression developed gradually, occurred only in women who had an increase in insulin sensitivity, and was unrelated to the presence of the metabolic syndrome at baseline. Troglitazone reduced the progression of subclinical atherosclerosis via a mechanism that involved unmeasured mediators of atherosclerosis, either in the circulation or directly in the arterial wall. Copyright © 2005 by The Endocrine Society.
In Utero Exposure to Maternal Obesity and Diabetes: Animal Models That Identify and Characterize Implications for Future Health; The developed and developing worlds are experiencing an epidemic of obesity and associated predisposition to diabetes. This epidemic places a major drain on health care resources. It is now clear that maternal obesity and gestational diabetes have major adverse effects on the developing fetus that lead to increased neonatal morbidity and mortality, as discussed elsewhere in this issue. Obesity in pregnancy and gestational diabetes represent a special problem, not only as a result of their immediate adverse effects on maternal health and pregnancy outcome, but also because of growing evidence for their persistent and deleterious effects on the developing child. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A prospective study of dietary patterns, meat intake and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of this study was to prospectively examine whether dietary patterns are related to risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: This prospective cohort study included 13,110 women who were free of cardiovascular disease, cancer, type 2 diabetes and history of GDM. Subjects completed a validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire in 1991, and reported at least one singleton pregnancy between 1992 and 1998 in the Nurses' Health Study II. Two major dietary patterns (i.e. 'prudent' and 'Western') were identified through factor analysis. The prudent pattern was characterised by a high intake of fruit, green leafy vegetables, poultry and fish, whereas the Western pattern was characterised by high intake of red meat, processed meat, refined grain products, sweets, French fries and pizza. RESULTS: We documented 758 incident cases of GDM. After adjustment for age, parity, pre-pregnancy BMI and other covariates, the relative risk (RR) of GDM, comparing the highest with the lowest quintile of the Western pattern scores, was 1.63 (95% CI 1.20-2.21; p (trend)=0.001), whereas the RR comparing the lowest with the highest quintile of the prudent pattern scores was 1.39 (95% CI 1.08-1.80; p (trend)=0.018). The RR for each increment of one serving/day was 1.61 (95% CI 1.25-2.07) for red meat and 1.64 (95% CI 1.13-2.38) for processed meat. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: These findings suggest that pre-pregnancy dietary patterns may affect women's risk of developing GDM. A diet high in red and processed meat was associated with a significantly elevated risk.
The impact of ethnicity on glucose regulation and the metabolic syndrome following gestational diabetes; Aims/hypothesis: We assessed the impact of ethnic origin on metabolism in women following gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Materials and methods: Glucose regulation and other features of the metabolic syndrome were studied at 20.0 (18.2-22.1) months (geometric mean [95% CI]) post-partum in women with previous GDM (185 European, 103 Asian-Indian, 80 African-Caribbean). They were compared with the same features in 482 normal control subjects who had normal glucose regulation during and following pregnancy. Results: Impaired glucose regulation or diabetes by WHO criteria were present in 37% of women with previous GDM (diabetes in 17%), especially in those of African-Caribbean and Asian-Indian origin (50 and 44%, respectively vs 28% in European, p=0.009). BMI, waist circumference, diastolic blood pressure, fasting triglyceride and insulin levels, and insulin resistance by homeostatic model assessment (HOMA), were increased following GDM (p<0.001 for all, vs control subjects). Where glucose regulation was normal following GDM, basal insulin secretion (by HOMA) was high (p<0.001 vs control subjects). Irrespective of glucose regulation in pregnancy, Asian-Indian origin was associated with high triglyceride and low HDL cholesterol levels, and African-Caribbean with increased waist circumference, blood pressure, and insulin levels, together with insulin resistance and low triglyceride concentrations. Nonetheless, the GDM-associated features were consistent within each ethnic group. The metabolic syndrome by International Diabetes Federation criteria was present in 37% of women with previous GDM, especially in non-Europeans (Asian-Indian 49%, African-Caribbean 43%, European 28%, p=0.001), and in 10% of controls. Conclusions/interpretation: Following GDM, abnormal glucose regulation and the metabolic syndrome are common, especially in non-European women, indicating a need for diabetes and cardiovascular disease prevention strategies. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Leptin in pregnancy: An update; Leptin influences satiety, adiposity, and metabolism and is associated with mechanisms regulating puberty onset, fertility, and pregnancy in various species. Maternal hyperleptinemia is a hallmark of mammalian pregnancy, although both the roles of leptin and the mechanisms regulating its synthesis appear to be taxa specific. In pregnant humans and nonhuman primates, leptin is produced by both maternal and fetal adipose tissues, as well as by the placental trophoblast. Specific receptors in the uterine endometrium, trophoblast, and fetus facilitate direct effects of the polypeptide on implantation, placental endocrine function, and conceptus development. A soluble isoform of the receptor may be responsible for inducing maternal leptin resistance during pregnancy and/or may facilitate the transplacental passage of leptin for the purpose of directly regulating fetal development. The steroid hormones are linked to the regulation of leptin and the leptin receptor and probably interact with other pregnancy-specific, serum-borne factors to regulate leptin dynamics during pregnancy. In addition to its effects on normal conceptus development, leptin is linked to mechanisms affecting a diverse array of pregnancy-specific pathologies that include preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and intrauterine growth restriction. Association with these anomalies and with mechanisms pointing to a fetal origin for a range of conditions affecting the individual's health in adult life, such as obesity, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease, reiterate the need for continued research dedicated to elucidating leptin's roles and regulation throughout gestation. © 2006 by the Society for the Study of Reproduction, Inc.
Recurrent antepartum compression of a single artery double nuchal cord necessitating emergency cesarean delivery; Fetuses with a single umbilical artery are considered at increased risk for chromosomal and structural abnormalities, and increased adverse perinatal outcome. A young nulliparous patient was followed with weekly nonstress testing due to well-controlled gestational diabetes, a single umbilical artery, and a double nuchal cord. At 31 weeks gestation, following the occurrence of a severe prolonged variable deceleration of the fetal heart rate the patient was hospitalized for close fetal surveillance with consideration that the deceleration may represent recurring intermittent compression of the single umbilical artery. Continuous fetal monitoring depicted recurrent severe variable decelerations of the fetal heart rate. Thirty-six hours after admission, prolonged fetal bradycardia to 60 bpm necessitated emergency cesarean delivery of a nonhypoxic nonacidotic fetus, which subsequently did well. This case suggests that fetuses with a single umbilical artery nuchal cord(s) may be at increased risk of significant umbilical cord compression. Copyright © 2005 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Inflammatory markers in women with a recent history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for both Type 2 diabetes (DM2) and insulin-resistance syndrome (IRS). C-reactive protein (CRP), fibrinogen and leukocyte count are increased in the IRS and predict DM2 and cardiovascular disease (CVD). The chemochine monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1/CCL2) is also elevated in DM2 and CVD. Recent evidence suggests a relation between chronic inflammation and GDM, but post-delivery information on inflammatory markers in these high-risk women is lacking. Serum levels of CRP, fibrinogen, MCP-1/ CCL2, and leukocyte blood count have been assessed in 26 women with and 26 women without a recent history of GDM, matched for age, body mass index (BMI), post-partum duration and parity. DM2 was excluded in all the participants by an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Women with previous GDM showed significantly higher CRP (p=0.007) and fibrinogen (p=0.02) serum concentrations, whereas MCP-1/CCL2 serum levels and leukocyte blood count were comparable in the two groups. Overall, CRP levels significantly correlated with BMI (r=0.40, p=0.03), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) (r=0.44, p=0.001), fasting insulin (r=0.27, p=0.04), insulin-resistance assessed by means of the homeostatic model (HOMA) (r=0.28, p=0.04), and fibrinogen concentration (r=0.49, p=0.0001). At linear regression analysis, only WHR and fibrinogen were independently associated with CRP levels. In conclusion, the increase of inflammatory markers may be one of the first detectable disorders in healthy women at high risk of DM2 and IRS, like those with a GDM history. ©2005, Editrice Kurtis.
Double bubble, double trouble; Duodenal atresia (DA) is not uncommon, either as an isolated anomaly or associated with trisomy 21, malrotation, or cardiac anomalies. It may be diagnosed on antenatal ultrasound by a "double-bubble" sign, which typically persists after birth on a plain abdominal radiograph. DA as a familial association is rare but has been reported with or without other associated anomalies. We report DA in two siblings of nonconsanguineous parents, one case occurring with an annular pancreas in association with gestational diabetes. These two cases suggest possible genetic and environmental components in the aetiology of this anomaly. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Metabolic profile and body composition in adult women with congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency; Context: The chronic, often supraphysiological glucocorticoid doses used in congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) might increase morbidity in cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Objective: Our aim was to assess risk factors for cardiovascular disease and diabetes in CAH women. Subjects, Methods, and Design: We compared 61 women, 18-63 yr, with CAH due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency with 61 age- and sex-matched controls. Twenty-seven were younger than 30 yr, and 34 were 30 yr or older. Anthropometry, fat and lean mass measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, serum lipids, insulin, and adrenocortical steroids were studied. Main Outcome Measure: Body composition and cardiovascular risk factors were the main outcome measures. Results: Younger patients and controls had similar waist to hip ratio, lean and fat mass, and insulin. Older patients had higher waist to hip ratio, lean mass, and insulin than controls. Fat mass was similar to controls but higher than in younger patients. Lipid profiles were slightly more favorable in older patients than controls. Gestational diabetes was morecommonin patients (21% of pregnancies vs. 0,P < 0.026).Fewolder patients had hypertension, cardiovascular disease, or diabetes. Despite moderate glucocorticoid doses, most patients had suppressed androgens. Conclusions: No clear evidence of unfavorable cardiovascular risk factors were found. Increased fat mass and higher insulin levels were, however, found in patients older than 30 yr. High frequency of gestational diabetes is a risk marker for future diabetes. Lifelong follow-up, lifestyle modifications, and attempts to adjust and reduce the glucocorticoid doses seem important. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society.
Atypical course of type A thoracic aortal dissection in a pregnant woman; Aortal dissection is an emergency and life endangering incident. It is a longitudinal discission of the arterial wall where blood is coming and creates a haematoma and as a result of that the arteria arches outwards. There is created a double lumen - a proper one and a false one. It is established mostly on the basis of congenital inferiority of the media. In the period of gravidity the disease is mostly manifested in the 3rd trimester and in early puerperium. In our case it was a 34 years old ill woman who was in her 22nd week of gravidity. During her first gravidity there was found hypertension, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. Due to hypertension she was cured with metropol. At present she has been admitted because of a very intensive pain on the chest and breathing problems. According to TTE there was found a strong aortal regurgitation and a small pericardial exudate. With a suspect dissecting aneurysm of the thoracic aorta she was sent to the coronary unit of the internal clinic. Within a 5-day stay here the aortal dissection (TTE, TEE, spiral CT) was not proved and in the end, the patient was removed to the gynecological obstetric clinic. Suddenly, the eighth day of her hospitalization a consciousness disorder with hypertension and bradycardia appeared. She was sent back to the coronary unit mentioned above. After some examinations there was revealed a clear acute dissection of the ascending aorta (TEE, angio CT) and was turned over to a cardiosurgical intervention. After the previous section she was given Bentall operation (substitution of aortal valve and ascending aorta). In the early postoperative period she was cured with a combined hypotension medication. On the 6th postoperative day on CT of the abdomen she was found with a tumor in her left kidney and was indicated left-sided nephrectomy. Lifelong anticoagulant therapy was indicated. On the 21st postoperative day she was sent back to the gynecological clinic and after a week she was discharged from hospital in good condition. When dismissed she was cured with metropol and warfarin. Our case report shows an atypical example of thoracic aorta dissection in the gravidity period with a postponed diagnosis and a successful cardiosurgical intervention.
Hyperhomocysteinemia in diabetic pregnancy; Homocysteine is an amino acid that is involved in several key metabolic processes. Blood concentrations of homocysteine are determined by various dietary factors, including folic acid and vitamin B12; alterations in physiology, such as renal impairment; and variation in the activity of enzymes in the various pathways as a result of genetic polymorphisms. In normal pregnancy, homocysteine concentrations decrease. Disturbance of maternal and fetal homocysteina metabolism is associated with fetal neural tube defects, with various conditions characterized by placental vasculopaty, such as pre-eclampsia and abruption; and with recurrent pregnancy loss. The combination of hyperhomocysteinemia and abnormal glucose tolerance may increase the risk of placental vasculopathy in pre-eclampsia. Therefore, the goal of this study was to evaluate the possible association between plasma-total homocysteine and gestational diabetes or glucose intolerance in normotensive and preeclamptic pregnant women, A prospective study included 50 pregnant women who came to the Department of Mycrobiologic Science and Gynaecologic Science of the University of Catania during the period covering from January 2004 to March 2005. The O'Sullivan test and oral glucose tolerance test was performed; and homocysteine, folate and vitamin B12 were measured from the 20 th to the 34 th weeks of pregnancy. Significant differences were observed in women with gestational diabetes complicated by hypertension (GD + PIH), while in normotensive patients the glucose intolerance group did showed significant differences. © Copyright 2006, CIC Edizioni Internazionali, Roma.
Can type 2 diabetes mellitus be considered preventable?; The primary prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is of great importance. There is now substantial evidence that T2DM can be prevented or delayed by lifestyle modification. A statistically significant reduction of relative risk of newly diagnosed T2DM was observed in large clinical trials with metformin, acarbose or orlistat in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance as well as with troglitazone in women with previous gestational diabetes. A relative risk reduction of newly diagnosed diabetes was observed in prospective, double blind clinical studies evaluating the effect of different antihypertensive drugs (ACE-inhibitors, angiotensin repector blockers, calcium channel blockers) or that of lipid-lowering agents (pravastatin) on the cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in high risk patients. In studies with postmenopausal hormone replacement therapy a relative risk reduction of newly developed T2DM was also observed. Thus, T2DM should be considered as a preventable disease. Nevertheless, it is noteworthy that oral antidiabetic drugs with an indication of preventing T2DM are not registered in several countries at present, so that drug therapy should not be used as a routine for preventing diabetes. On the other hand, patients with pre-diabetes (impaired fasting glycaemia, impaired glucose tolerance) should be given counseling on weight loss as well as instruction for increasing physical activity in order to prevent T2DM. © 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Updating the Evidence on Physical Activity and Health in Women; Objective: This narrative review updates evidence from the last 10 years on physical activity (PA) and the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and cancer in women. Methods: A literature search was conducted to identify prospective cohort studies published from January 1997 to February 2006. Results: There were significant reductions in risk in 12 of 17 studies of cardiovascular outcomes (risk reductions ranging from 28% to 58%), in seven of eight studies of diabetes (14% to 46%), in seven of ten studies of breast cancer (11% to 67%), in two of two studies of endometrial cancer (68% to 90%), and in one of three studies of colorectal cancer (31% to 46%). There was mixed evidence for PA preventing gestational diabetes (three studies) and a range of other cancers (13 studies). Protective benefits for cardiovascular disease and diabetes were reported with as little as 60 minutes of moderate-intensity physical activity per week (240 Metabolic Equivalent (MET) minutes or 4 MET hours), with walking and moderate-intensity physical activity providing risk reductions comparable to those for the equivalent energy expenditure from more vigorous-intensity physical activity. Conclusions: There is strong evidence of a role for PA in the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and some cancers in women. There was no evidence of additional health benefits from vigorous-intensity PA, over and above those achieved from walking or moderate-intensity PA. This may be because, in most studies, there was limited reporting of vigorous PA by women. For some health outcomes, the amount of PA required for health benefits in middle-aged and older women might be lower than current national recommendations. © 2007 American Journal of Preventive Medicine.
Pheochromocytoma in a pregnant woman with a history of intracerebral aneurysms; Pheochromocytoma in pregnancy is rare; if unrecognized, potentially fatal hypertensive crises may occur. We report a case of a 35-year-old woman with a history of two intracerebral aneurysms who presented at 26 weeks' gestation with tachycardia, hypertension, and pulmonary edema. Laboratory data revealed elevated 24-hour urinary catecholamine and metanephrine levels, and abdominal sonography showed a 10-cm right adrenal mass. After stabilization with phenoxybenzamine and metoprolol, cesarean section was successfully performed at 36 weeks' gestation. Postpartum abdominal computed tomography scanning confirmed a 10-cm right adrenal mass. A benign pheochromocytoma was removed without incident. This case illustrates the importance of early diagnosis and management of pheochromocytoma in pregnancy and is also an example of the rare association of pheochromocytoma with intracerebral aneurysms.; AuthorsConclusions:In summary, we report a case of a pregnant woman with a large pheochromocytoma and a prior history of two cerebral aneurysms who presented in middle-to-late gestation and was successfully managed through pregnancy, cesarean section, and postpartum adrenalectomy. The case illustrates the importance of recognizing and treating pheochromocytoma in pregnancy to avoid maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality.; FreeText:Patient presented at 26 weeks' gestation with acute pulmonary edema, episodic tachycardia, and severe hypertension. There was initial improvement after treatment with oxygen and furosemide, but symptoms as well as tachycardia and hypertension recurred. Treatment with labetalol, hydralazine, and methyldopa was then initiated, and magnesium sulfate was given for seizure prophylaxis. At age 28, she was found to have left internal carotid and right posterior communicating artery aneurysms on a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan of the head. Her headaches persisted after aneurysm surgery and progressively worsened and increased in frequency over the last few years, particularly during the second trimester of the current pregnancy. An abdominal sonogram demonstrated a 10-cm, solid, echogenic mass with increased vascularity in the region of the right adrenal gland. MRI scan of the abdomen was not performed because of the presence of metallic cerebral aneurysm clips. Labetalol and methyldopa were then discontinued because these drugs may interfere in several of the assays for catecholamines and their metabolites. Hydralazine was discontinued and phenoxybenzamine 10 mg twice daily (BID) and Lopresor 25 mg BID were started on the fifth hospital day. She was found to have gestational diabetes on an oral glucose tolerance test, and this was adequately managed with diet.; Indications:One pregnant patient with hypertension with coexisting acute pulmonary edema, episodic tachycardia, and pheochromocytoma.; Patients:One 35-year-old woman (inpatient and outpatient).; TypeofStudy:A case report describing a pregnant woman with a history of intracerebral aneurysms who had pheochromocytoma presenting with hypertension which was treated by Lopresor.; DosageDuration:25 mg bid (=50 mg daily) for 3 days then increased to 50 mg bid (=100 mg daily). Duration: about 10 weeks.; Results:Normalization of blood pressure was noted by the 7th hospital day, with a pulse rate around 100/min; Lopresor was increased to 50 mg BID on the 8th hospital day, with a pulse rate of approximately 80 to 90/min. On this regimen, she was mildly orthostatic. Because of marked improvement with medications, it was decided to continue alpha- and beta-adrenergic blockade and perform adrenalectomy in the postpartum period. She was discharged home at 28 weeks of gestation and continued to be asymptomatic. Cesarean section was elected to avoid precipitation of a hypertensive crisis by prolonged labor and vaginal delivery, and because of her history of intracranial aneurysms. After establishment of fetal lung maturity by anmiocentesis, cesarean section was performed at 36 weeks' gestation under epidural anesthesia using mepivicaine and fentanyl. A healthy female neonate weighing 3135 g was delivered; Apgar scores were 9 at both 1 minute and 5 minutes. The intraoperative, immediate postoperative, and postpartum courses were uneventful. A computed tomography scan of the abdomen obtained in the postpartum period showed a right adrenal mass displacing the right kidney inferiorly and containing central areas of necrosis. Open right adrenalectomy was performed at 8 weeks postpartum without incident. Pathologic examination showed a 12-cm pheochromocytoma with no evidence of vascular invasion and with surgical margins negative for malignancy. Her diabetes has also resolved. She remains asymptomatic with no evidence of tumor recurrence, tachycardia, or hypertension.; AdverseEffects:1 patient had mildly orthostatic.
Maternal and perinatal characteristics in relation to neuroblastoma; BACKGROUND. Neuroblastoma is the most common malignancy among infants, but risk factors remain poorly understood. Because most patients present in the first few years of life, it has been hypothesized that prenatal and perinatal exposures may contribute to the pathogenesis of neuroblastoma. METHODS. A population-based case-control study was conducted by using linked birth and cancer registry records from 1980 to 2004 in Washington State. Maternal and infant characteristics from birth and hospital discharge records for 240 cases of neuroblastoma and 2400 controls were compared. RESULTS. Neuroblastoma was associated with the presence of major congenital abnormalities (odds ratio [OR], 6.86; [95% CI], 2.92-16.08), particularly with cardiac abnormalities (OR, 5.84; 95% CI, 1.93-17.66), even after excluding abnormalities near the primary tumor. A borderline association was observed with maternal gestational diabetes (OR, 1.84; 95% CI, 0.98-3.47). The magnitude of both associations was greater when the analysis was limited to children who were diagnosed at age < 1 year. CONCLUSIONS. The findings from this population-based study supported prior case-control studies that identified an etiologic link between neuroblastoma and congenital abnormalities. However, to the authors' knowledge, the association between neuroblastoma and maternal diabetes has not been reported previously and requires further study. © 2007 American Cancer Society.
The profile of high-risk pregnancy in El-Mansoura city.; Proper screening techniques should be used for all pregnant women attending antenatal clinics to pick up the factors that qualify the pregnant women for a risky pregnancy. High-risk pregnancy identification is a challenging work. This study aimed to describe the profile of high-risk pregnancy in El-Mansoura city. The study was conducted on 750 pregnant women attending antenatal clinics in three hospitals in El-Mansoura city, where 250 women were chosen from each setting. A modified version of Morrison and Olsen (1979) high risk scoring inventory tool was used to collect the socioeconomic, biological, medical, reproductive and current pregnancy risk factors in the study sample. It also assessed the risk level whether low, moderate or high. The results revealed that among all women, 63.8% of the sample were at a high-risk, while 25.0 % of them were at a moderate-risk and only 11.2% were at low-risk. About 70.0% of the high-risk pregnant women were in their third trimester followed by 23.0% in the second trimester and only 7.1% were in the first trimester. About 5.9% of the women were at a high-risk because of polluted housing condition, 1.9% because of heart diseases Class capital I, Ukrainian or II, 5.2% because of diabetes mellitus, 4.2% because of hypertension and 14.9% because of previous cesarean section. On the other hand 14.8% women were at moderate risk because of their illiteracy, 29.2% of them for being short, 14.7%, 10.6% of them because of being teenagers or over 35 years of age, respectively, 12.6% of because they had a history of gestational diabetes and 32.8%of them because of anemia, 23.2% because urinary tract infection, 16.9% because of albuminuria, and 12.0% because of glucoseuria. Finally identifying the profile of high -risk pregnancy women is mandatory.
Impaired cardiac autonomic function in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Cardiac autonomic neuropathy is a common dysfunction in manifest diabetes mellitus and is associated with duration of diabetes and/or an inadequate glycaemic control. Heart rate variability (HRV) reflects autonomic heart function. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether in women with prior gestational diabetes (GD; pre-type 2 diabetes) alterations of cardiac autonomic function can be observed after delivery in relation to insulin sensitivity and glycaemic control. Materials and methods: Forty-eight healthy women with prior GD were consecutively admitted to the study. HRV was analysed by both time, as well as frequency, domain methods using 24-h Holter monitoring. In addition, 20 women with normal glucose tolerance during and after pregnancy were investigated as control subjects. All women underwent a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT) for measurement of insulin sensitivity. Results: Time domain analysis (standard deviation of normal RR intervals; SDNN) showed a reduced HRV in 25 out of the 48 (52%) women with prior GD. Frequency domain analysis revealed that in these 25 subjects both low and high frequency components of power spectral density (reflecting mainly sympathetic respectively parasympathetic activity) were reduced, indicating that sympathetic as well as parasympathetic functional impairment may be assumed. However, a relative predominance of the sympathetic over parasympathetic cardiac function was observed. The impairment of cardiac autonomic function (reduced SDNN) was correlated with HbA1c values and the 2-h blood glucose concentration (oral glucose tolerance test) but not with insulin sensitivity. Conclusion: The present results demonstrate that in 52% of the women examined who had prior GD, an impairment of cardiac sympathetic as well as parasympathetic function was present, which related to glycaemic control, but not to insulin sensitivity. This infers that functional autonomic changes could be an early prognostic indicator in pre-type 2 diabetes. © 2007 The Authors.
Grandmultiparas in modern obstetrics; The objective of this study was to compare incidence of antenatal and intrapartum complications among women who had previously delivered five or more times (grandmultiparas cases, 155) with that of age-matched women with two to three previous deliveries (multiparas controls, 155) from 1998 to 2003. Grandmultiparity was associated with a low socioeconomic status, higher incidence of smoking, and a higher body mass index. Grandmultiparas had ∼2-fold increased risk of gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, malpresentation, and preterm delivery, and a 3-fold increased risk of abruption; none reached statistical significance. No significant differences were found in antepartum hemorrhage, anemia, postdatism, polyhydramnios, or placenta previa. Intrapartum complications (labor induction, nonreassuring fetal heart, primary cesarean delivery, and intrapartum fever) were similar; however, operative vaginal delivery was significantly lower in grandmultiparas cases. Both groups were similar regarding birthweight, macrosomia, intrauterine growth restriction, Apgar scores, and stillbirth rates. Our study shows a trend toward an increased risk of adverse obstetrical outcome in grandmultiparas compared with multiparas independent of maternal age. Copyright © 2006 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Metabolic Syndrome: Screening, Diagnosis, and Management; Metabolic syndrome, a growing issue in women's health, is a cluster of health findings that increase the risk of cardiovascular events. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome is higher in women and is linked to several conditions unique to women's health, including polycystic ovary syndrome, gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and female sexual dysfunction. Risk factors, screening strategies, and therapeutic management of metabolic syndrome in women are discussed. © 2006 American College of Nurse-Midwives.
Clinical manifestations and outcomes of symptomatic infants born to diabetic mothers; Background: The purpose of this study is to present the clinical manifestations and outcomes of infants born to mothers with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: From 1996 to 2003, we collected infants born to IDDM or GDM mothers who required admission to our neonatal intensive care unit. Their clinical manifestations and outcomes were described and analyzed. Results: The prevalence of infants born to diabetic mothers (IDM) was 1.3% of all live births, and the frequency of symptomatic IDMs was 0.4% (84 cases) of all live births. The male to female ratio of these symptomatic IDMs was about 2/1. The mean birth weight was 3506 ± 844 g compared to 3134 ± 530 g in the control group. Fifty-six percent of these IDMs were large for gestational age, 40.5% were appropriate for gestational age, and only 3.5% were small for gestational age. The frequency of macrosomia was 28.6% compared to 3.2% in the control group. Hypoglycemia (glucose level < 40 mg/dl) was documented in 46.4% (39/184) of the infants. Other neonatal morbidities were hyperbilirubinemia (52 cases), hyponatremia (2), hyperkalemia (15), hypocalcemia (17), polycythemia (1), gastrointestinal (GI) problems (14), respiratory distress (48), cardiac abnormalities (33), and brachial plexus injury (2). There was one neonatal death. Three infants with profound and persistent hypoglycemia had seizures during hospitalization. They all had mixed developmental delays and abnormal EEGs on follow-up. Conclusions: Infants born to diabetic mothers are at risk of macrosomia, hypoglycemia and other neonatal morbidities. Profound and persistent neonatal hypoglycemia in IDMs is associated with long-term neurological dysfunction.
A past medical history of gestational diabetes: its medical significance and its dental implications; Approximately 7% of pregnant women develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a usually transient form of diabetes mellitus, because of the production of some placental and maternal adipose tissue elaborated hormones that alter glucose metabolism. In most women the disorder resolves at delivery, but within 10 years 50% to 70% of these women go on to develop type 2 diabetes. The identification of women with past medical histories of GDM is a clinically useful marker for alerting the dentist to patients at heightened risk of occult type 2 diabetes, with a possible greater risk of developing periodontal disease and dental caries. Screening these patients for diabetes and establishing a preventative dental regimen may result in reducing the number of women with undiagnosed diabetes and diabetes-associated dental and cardiovascular diseases. © 2007 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
PCOS and obesity; Obese women with PCOS have a higher prevalence of menstrual disorders and infertility, are more likely to be hirsute and have lower SHBG levels, leading to higher serum concentrations of free testosterone, than lean women with PCOS. PCOS patients are predisposed to obesity. Obesity is an important independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Women with PCOS have increased levels of cardiovascular risk factors: insulin resistance, obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension and markers of abnormal vascular function. The presence of obesity in PCOS women has not only long-term metabolic health consequences but also important reproductive consequences including anovulation, infertility and miscarriage. Obese women with PCOS are less likely to respond to induction of ovulation treatment, require larger doses of gonadotropins to achieve ovulation and pregnancy and are more likely to miscarry. Furthermore, obesity in the overall population is associated with a higher prevalence of fetal abnormalities and more pregnancy complications including a higher risk for gestational diabetes. Weight loss as first therapeutic line may, at least partially, reverse the biochemical abnormalities (including insulin resistance, hyperlipidemia and dyslipidemia) and improve reproductive function in obese women with PCOS.
The prevention of type 2 diabetes: what is the evidence?; The prevalence of diabetes is increasing in epidemic proportion worldwide. Because of the morbidity and mortality associated with the disease, it is becoming a major burden for the health care system. With a better understanding of the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes, the concept of primary prevention has emerged. A number of studies demonstrated that both lifestyle modification program and pharmacological interventions in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) can prevent or delay the progression to diabetes. The Diabetes Prevention Study (DPS) and the Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) convincingly showed that an intensive lifestyle modification program is highly effective in decreasing the risk of diabetes in a high risk population (risk reduction of 58%). Four other smaller studies have made similar observations. The DPP study showed that metformin can reduced the risk of diabetes by 31% in subjects with IGT. The STOP-NIDDM trial confirmed the efficacy of acarbose in decreasing the risk of diabetes by 36% in similar high risk population. The TRIPOD study showed that troglitazone can reduce the incidence of diabetes by 55% in Hispanic women with a history of gestational diabetes. And more recently, the XENDOS study showed that in very obese population on intensive lifestyle modification program, xenical treatment was associated with a 37% reduced incidence of diabetes compared to placebo. Three studies suggested that bariatric surgery in morbidly obese subjects with or without IGT can reduce the incidence of diabetes to near zero. Eight of 10 studies showed that treatment with inhibitors of the renin-angiotensin aldosterone system in high risk population for cardiovascular disease (CVD) were associated with a significant reduction in the subsequent development of diabetes as a secondary outcome. The WOSCOPS study and the HERS study examined the effect of pravastatin and estrogen/progestin respectively on cardiovascular events and observed that these pharmacological interventions were associated with a 30% and 35% reduction in the incidence of diabetes as secondary outcome. There are 3 major trials currently in progress examining the effect of rosiglitazone/ramipril (the DREAM study), nateglinide/valsartan (the NAVIGATOR study) and pioglitazone (the ACT NOW study) on the development of diabetes in IGT subjects as a primary outcome. We also have 3 studies studying the prevention of diabetes as secondary outcomes: the ONTARGET-TRANSCEND study examining telmisartan with or without ramipril, and the ORIGIN study testing glargine insulin/omega 3. The evidence is overwelming-diabetes can be prevented or delayed in high risk population through lifestyle modification or pharmacological interventions. This new information now has to be translated in the real world into well defined strategies for screening and treating high risk population. Prevention of the disease is our only chance to alleviate the ever growing burden of diabetes mellitus in the world.
Maternal race, procedures, and infant birth weight in type 2 and gestational diabetes; To examine the relation between race and cesarean delivery, episiotomy, and low birth weight infants in pregnancies with type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus and to identify factors that might explain racial differences. Population-based, cross-sectional study of 1999-2004 Maryland hospital discharge data. Hospitalizations for delivery of pregnancies with type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus were identified and matched to infants. The independent variable was maternal race. Dependent variables were cesarean delivery, episiotomy, and low infant birth weight. Stepwise logistic regression models were developed to estimate the independent effect of race on use of each procedure and infant birth weight, after adjusting for sociodemographic, hospital, and clinical factors. We examined 6,310 deliveries for pregnancies with type 2 (15%) and gestational (85%) diabetes. Before adjustment, black race was associated with a higher odds of cesarean delivery (odds ratio [OR] 1.40, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.24-1.58) and low birth weight infants (OR 1.94, 95% CI 1.57-2.40) compared with white race. Adjustment for racial differences in preeclampsia and fetal heart rate abnormalities accounted for a modest degree of the racial variation in outcomes. With full adjustment, black race was still associated with a higher odds of cesarean delivery (OR 1.38, 95% CI 1.20-1.60) and low birth weight (OR 1.81, 95% CI 1.41-2.34) and a lower odds of episiotomy (OR 0.45, 95% CI 0.36-0.57). In pregnancies with diabetes, adjustment for sociodemographic, hospital, and clinical factors only partially explains racial differences in procedure use and infant low birth weight. II-2. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Endocrine and metabolic consequences of intrauterine growth retardation; The remarkable observations made by Barker et al and Hales et al [6-9] and others linking size at birth and early postnatal growth to risks of adult disease have moved on from being questions for the intellectually curious to being fundamental to current public health concerns about increasing rates of obesity and T2DM in children. Recent reports have highlighted the increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes in childhood [137], and this mirrors the increasing rate of postnatal weight gain and childhood obesity [25]. The risk of diabetes associated with obesity is particularly evident in ethnic populations, in which there has been a dramatic improvement in nutrition, as evident in immigrant groups [138], and in countries where there has been a move from rural to urban environments [139]. These trends may reflect changes in nutritional status of mothers "programmed" by fetal and early postnatal under nutrition. Studies in South Asian populations and, most recently, in East Germany where there have been dramatic recent improvements in health and nutrition show that the first effect of increased maternal nutrition is greater maternal pregnancy weight gain [140]. Maternal weight gain is itself associated with increased risk for gestational diabetes, and this constitutes a risk for T2DM in the offspring [19]. It is likely that these same populations also may have a high prevalence of "thrifty genes," which have resulted in improved survival during periods of poor nutrition, but the same metabolic and endocrine adaptations may prove detrimental and increase risk of adult disease when nutrition improves and obesity becomes more prevalent. The study of the mechanisms and genetic factors involved in the association between small size at birth and adult disease may provide us with the method for identifying those at highest risk and introducing targeted early interventions. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Alobar holoprosencephaly, mobile proboscis and trisomy 13 in a fetus with maternal gestational diabetes mellitus: A 2D ultrasound diagnosis and review of the literature; Background: Alobar holoprosencephaly is a rare and severe brain malformation due to early arrest in brain cleavage and rotation. Case report: We report a congenital anomalous fetus with alobar holoprosencephaly, prenatally diagnosed by two-dimensional (2D) sonography at the 40 weeks of gestation. The mother was affected by gestational diabetes mellitus and was obese (BMI > 30 kg/m2). 2D Ultrasound depicted the cerebral malformation, cyclopy, proboscis, cardiac defects (atrial septal defect, hypoplastic left heart, anomalous communication between right ventricle and aorta) and extremities defects. The newborn died just after delivery. External examination confirmed a mobile proboscis-like nose on the normal nose position. The fetus had both claw hands. The right and left foots showed to be equine. Autopsy confirmed the ultrasound diagnosis and chromosome analysis revealed trisomy 13 (47,XY,+13). Fetopathologic examination showed cyclopy, proboscis and alobar holoprosencephaly of the fetus, which was consistent with Patau syndrome. Conclusion: The teratogenic effect of diabetes on fetus has been described, but no previous clinical case of a congenital anomalous fetus with trisomy 13 and maternal gestational diabetes has been reported. This case report is the first to describe 2D ultrasound diagnosis of alobar holoprosencephaly and trisomy 13 with maternal gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2006 Springer-Verlag.
Mechanisms by which poor early growth programs type-2 diabetes, obesity and the metabolic syndrome; Fetal programming is gaining momentum as a highly documented phenomenon which links poor early growth to adult disease. It is backed up by large cohorts in epidemiological studies worldwide and has been tested in various animal models. The root causes of programming link closely with maternal condition during pregnancy, and therefore the fetal environment. Suboptimal fetal environments due to poor or inadequate nutrition, infection, anemia, hypertension, inflammation, gestational diabetes or hypoxia in the mother expose the fetus to hormonal, growth factor, cytokine or adipokine cues. These in turn act to alter metabolic, immune system, vascular, hemodynamics, renal, growth and mitochondrial parameters respectively and most evidently in the later stages of life where they impact on the individual as poor glucose homeostasis, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, obesity and heart disease. These events are compounded by over-nutrition or lifestyle choices which are in conflict with the programming of the fetus. We and others have utilised various species to test the early life programming hypothesis and to identify key molecular mechanisms. With parallel studies of human cohorts, these molecular markers can be validated as realistic targets for intervention. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The fidgety fetus hypothesis: Fetal activity is an additional variable in determining birth weight of offspring of women with diabetes; OBJECTIVE - To determine whether some offspring of women with diabetes are intrinsically more active than others in utero and whether those who are active are able to normalize their birth weight despite maternal hyperglycemia. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We conducted a three-phase study to view the relationship between fetal movements and subsequent birth weight in women with diabetes. Phase I was designed to assess maternal perception of fetal movements in a population of 10 women with diabetes. To improve our fetal monitoring techniques, in phase II we analyzed fetal movements using the Card Guard home fetal monitoring device (CG 900P) in a population of 13 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). To apply our observations of fetal movements to a larger population, during phase III we conducted a retrospective analysis of fetal monitoring strips (HP 8041A) from 46 women with GDM to examine the relationship between fetal heart rate (FHR) accelerations and percentile birth weight, corrected for gestational age. RESULTS - Phase I confirmed that there is little variability in fetal movements (i.e., fetal kicks did not significantly deviate from one another on a day-to-day basis). In phase II, the fetal monitoring strips illustrated that the active fetuses (defined as ≥4 FHR accelerations in a 20-min period) were always active, and the inactive fetuses were always inactive. The mean birth weight percentile, corrected for gestational age, in the active group was 37 vs. 63% in the inactive group (P = 0.05). In phase III, the fetal monitoring strips showed an inverse correlation between the mean number of FHR accelerations and the birth weight of the fetus, corrected for gestational age. The mean birth weight percentile in the active group was 37 vs. 62% in the inactive group (P = 0.0017). CONCLUSIONS - The fetus appears to play a role in determining its own destiny. Increased fetal activity may minimize the impact of hyperglycemia on subsequent birth weight. The inactive fetus appears to be at a higher risk for glucose-mediated macrosomia. © 2006 by the American Diabetes Association.
Maternal obesity and complications during pregnancy; Obesity has become a major health problem all over the world and during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of complications, including gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and delivery complications such as macrosomia, shoulder dystocia and higher rates of cesarean sections and infections. Maternal obesity may also be an independent risk factor for neural tube defects and fetal mortality. This review focuses on the consequences of maternal obesity during pregnancy.
Awareness status of type 2 diabetes mellitus and its influencing factors among residents in the community of cigarette factory; Aim: To investigate the awareness rate and the awareness of the knowledge of type 2 diabetes mellitus and the related influencing factors among the residents in the community of cigarette factory. Methods: An epidemiological survey about diabetes mellitus was applied to 1850 residents above 40 years old in the community of Zhengzhou Cigarette General Factory between June and July 2003, all the subjects took part in this survey voluntarily. They were surveyed by means of questionnaire with cluster sampling, totally 1 789 cases (738 males and 1 051 females) aged 40 to 88 years filled in the questionnaire with concrete contents. The surveyed contents included the awareness of type 2 diabetes mellitus and its complications (hypertension, coronary heart disease, oculopathy and nephritic syndrome), and knowledge related to diabetes mellitus, the subjects should answer "yes" or "no", and then the scores were added up (1 point for each question with right answer). The diagnostic criteria for type 2 diabetes mellitus set by WHO in 1999 was used, that was, fasting blood glucose ≥ 7.0 mmol/L, oral glucose tolerance test 2-hour blood glucose ≥11.1 mmol/L; Those with type 1 diabetes mellitus, other specific diabetes and gestational diabetes mellitus. The data were analyzed with χ2 test and χ2 test for trends. Results: A total of 1 789 concretely filled questionnaires were collected, the 61 deleted ones were all filled incompletely or different from the reality. 1 The awareness rate of diabetes mellitus among the residents in the community of cigarette factory was only 57.14%. 2 The awareness rate of type 2 diabetes mellitus was higher in the residents below 60 years old than in those above 60 years old (62.59%, 50.00%, χ2=3.87, P < 0.05), higher in males than in females (66.67%, 54.68%, χ2=3.87, P < 0.05), also higher in those with higher educational background and better economic status than in other crowds (χ2trend=5.14,4.16, P < 0.05), higher in medical staff than those involved in other professions (66.67%, 56.90%, χ2=4.00,P < 0.05). 3 The awareness of the knowledge related to type 2 diabetes mellitus was superior in the residents below 60 years old than in those above 60 years old (χ2=4.45, P < 0.05), higher in males than in females (χ2=6.31, P < 0.05), also higher in those with higher educational background and better economic status than in other crowds (χ2trend=58.91, 13.06, P < 0.01), higher in medical staff than those involved in other professions (χ2=22.11, P < 0.01). 4 The awareness of type 2 diabetic patients had significant differences in the time of the latest measurement of blood glucose (χ2trend=109.06, P < 0.01). The consciousness of blood glucose self-surveillance was better in males than in the females (χ2=14.19, P < 0.01), better in the residents below 60 years than in those above 60 years old (χ2=9.68, P < 0.05), also better in the residents with higher monthly income than in those with lower one (χ2trend=4.26, P < 0.05). Conclusion: The awareness rate of diabetes mellitus among residents in the community of cigarette factory is lower, Age, gender, occupation, educational background, income status and blood sugar self-surveillance are the main factors that affect the awareness of type 2 diabetes mellitus and the related knowledge. So the health education of the knowledge related to diabetes mellitus to the diabetic patients should be taken as the key point for the prevention and treatment of community medical service.
Endothelial progenitor cells in pregnancy; The discovery of endothelial progenitor cells has generated considerable interest in the field of vascular biology. These cells arise from a population of circulating mononuclear cells and have the capacity to form new blood vessels and contribute to vascular repair. Circulating endothelial progenitor cell numbers are reduced in patients with cardiovascular risk factors and in the presence of endothelial dysfunction, but are increased in response to ischaemia, oestrogens and drug therapy. They have been studied in pathologies from cardiovascular and renal disease to rheumatoid arthritis and pre-eclampsia. Pregnancy is a challenge to the maternal vascular system, requiring systemic adaptation and pronounced local changes in the uterus. Diseases of pregnancy such as pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes increase the risk of pregnancy complications and are associated with endothelial dysfunction. We propose that endothelial progenitor cells have an important role in the regulation and maintenance of the vasculature during pregnancy. This review summarises our current understanding of endothelial progenitor cells, with specific reference to their role in angiogenesis and human pregnancy. © 2007 Society for Reproduction and Fertility.
Recommendations regarding exercise during pregnancy made by private/small group practice obstetricians in the USA; For pregnant women, exercise offers numerous benefits with little risk. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) endorses aerobic exercise for all pregnant women without medical or obstetric complications. Nonetheless, only a small percentage of pregnant women meet exercise guidelines. We investigated the extent to which obstetricians (Obs) in private or small group practice in the USA actively recommend exercise to their pregnant patients. Surveys were sent to 300 Obs in 33 American cities, of which 83 were returned. 52% of respondents reported discussing exercise with 81-100% of their patients. Using a 7-point Likert scale (1 = never, 7 = always), Obs reported recommending aerobic exercise more often than resistance exercise (5.6 ± 1.5 versus 3.8 ± 1.6, p < 0.001). Obs do not routinely advise sedentary women to initiate exercise during pregnancy (mean 4.4 ± 1.8). Of the 67% of Obs who specify a target exercise duration, 95% recommend ≥16 min, consistent with ACOG guidelines. However, 62% of Obs reported that they regularly specify a maximum heart rate, even though ACOG guidelines do not. Half of respondents indicated that they advise a reduction in exercise load during the third trimester, even for uncomplicated pregnancies. Respondents' opinions were mixed regarding the extent to which exercise reduces gestational diabetes or preeclampsia risk and they believe more research on exercise during pregnancy is needed. Half of Obs do not routinely discuss exercise. The majority is hesitant to advise sedentary gravidae to start exercise and is conservative with respect to exercise intensity. Action may be needed to convince more Obs to routinely recommend exercise to all healthy patients. ©Journal of Sports Science and Medicine.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are an evolutionary adaptation to mitigate the reproductive consequences of the human physique; The aetiology of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy remains unknown, despite over 30 years of research. The prevalence and natural history of these disorders and the lack of progress in identifying a cause calls for a radical new approach. It is hypothesised that these disorders arise as a consequence of abnormal maternal regulatory mechanisms. The evolution of the physical characteristics unique to humans (bi-pedal gait and a large brain) resulted in a narrow pelvis and a large head. Such a physique is not conducive to viviparity and caused difficult, prolonged and obstructed labour with post-partum haemorrhage - the commonest causes of maternal mortality in the absence of modern medical care. In such circumstances, up to 6.5% of pregnant women will die as a direct consequence of pregnancy, mainly as a result of obstructed labour and haemorrhage. The death toll would have been much higher over millions of years of evolution. These conditions exerted significant adaptive and evolutionary pressure on our species. The adaptations necessary to mitigate the reproductive consequences of the human physique include activation of the coagulation system to reduce post-partum haemorrhage, increased blood pressure to peak after delivery and maintain cerebral perfusion in the face of post-partum blood loss and restriction of fetal growth to prevent obstructed labour. These adaptations must be regulated to guarantee their occurrence but limit their extent to prevent disease. Evidence for blood pressure regulation during pregnancy and a proposed mechanism to achieve this are presented. Regulation requires a redundant feto-placental signal and a single tightly controlled regulator. To guarantee that blood pressure rises, the feto-placental signal is predicted to be conveyed by several different molecules and to be produced in excess in all pregnancies. Normality is then maintained by a single tightly controlled regulator. This model predicts that the feto-placental factors that cause a rise in maternal blood pressure are multiple and produced in disease-causing concentrations in all pregnancies. Disease arises as a consequence of abnormalities in the maternal regulatory mechanism as occurs in say gestational diabetes mellitus. The search for a placental cause for pre-eclampsia is therefore futile. Research should focus on normal pregnancy and the identification of the factor that regulates maternal blood pressure in the second half of pregnancy. This factor will cause hypotension and prevent endothelial activation and have a role analogous to insulin in the regulation of glycaemia and the development of gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Maternal obesity as a risk factor for complications in pregnancy, labor and pregnancy outcomes; Obesity is a worldwide growing epidemic. The negative influence of obesity is huge and considered to be one of the major contributors to health problems in the western world. There is a significant association between obesity and diabetes mellitus, ischemic heart disease, some cancers and syndromes of sleep apnea. Furthermore, obesity was described to have a negative influence on fertility, pregnancy, labor and pregnancy outcomes. It was also discovered that obesity was significantly associated with gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and complications in cesarean delivery and anesthesia. This review aims to present updates on the relationship between obesity and pregnancy and labor outcomes, emphasizing the significance of obesity as a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcome.
Nucleated red blood cells in healthy infants of women with gestational diabetes; Objective: To evaluate whether absolute nucleated red blood cell (RBC) counts are elevated in large-for-gestational-age (LGA) infants of women with gestational diabetes compared with appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) infants of women with or without gestational diabetes.Methods: We compared absolute nucleated RBC counts during the first 12 hours of life in three groups of term, vaginally delivered infants, LGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (n = 20), AGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (n = 20), and AGA infants of nondiabetic women (n = 30). We excluded infants of women with hypertension, smoking, alcohol or drug abuse, and those with fetal heart rate abnormalities in labor, low Apgar scores, hemolysis, blood loss, or chromosomal anomalies.Results: There were no significant differences among groups in gestational age, gravidity, parity, maternal analgesia, 1- and 5-minute Apgar scores, and lymphocyte counts. Corrected white blood cell counts and hematocrit were significantly higher in LGA infants of women with gestational diabetes than in the other groups. The median nucleated RBC count was significantly higher in LGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (0.56 x 109/L, range 0-1.8 x 109/L) than AGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (0.13 x 109/L, range 0-0.65 x 109/L) and controls (0.0005 x 109/L, range 0-0.6 x 109/L) (P < .001). Multiple regression analysis showed that absolute nucleated RBC count was significantly correlated with birth weight (or macrosomia) and maternal diabetic status (r2 = .25, P < .001 for the multiple regression, contribution of birth weight r2 = .19, and diabetes r2 = .06).Conclusion: At birth, term LGA infants born to women with gestational diabetes had higher absolute nucleated RBC counts compared with AGA infants born to women with gestational diabetes and controls. Copyright (C) 2000 The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
School-age children born to diabetic mothers and to mothers with gestational diabetes exhibit a high rate of inattention and fine and gross motor impairment; Objectives: To study the neurobehavioral effects that progestational and gestatational diabetes might have on offspring at school age. Study Design: We studied neurobehavioral function at school age of 57 children born to 48, well controlled, diabetic mothers and of 32 children born to 32 women with gestational diabetes. Their development was compared with 57 control children matched by age, birth order and parental socio-economic status, using a number of cognitive, behavioral, sensory and motor neurological tests. Results: The IQ scores on the WISC-R and Bender tests of the children born to diabetic mothers were similar to those of control children, but the Bender scores of the children born to mothers with gestational diabetes were slightly lower. No differences were found between the study groups in various sensory-motor functions in comparison to controls. However, both study group children performed less well than controls in fine and gross motor functions as observed on the Bruininks-Oseretzki test of motor proficiency. The scores of children born to the mothers with pregestational diabetes were higher than controls on the Touwen & Prechtl neurological examination (worse function). The children from both research groups also performed worse on the Pollack taper test that is designed to detect inattention and hyperactivity. The children of the two study groups also had slightly higher scores on the Conners abbreviated parents-teachers questionnaire measuring hyperactivity and inattention, but the differences from controls were not statistically significant. We found a negative correlation between the performance of the children born to mothers with pregestational diabetes on various neurodevelopmental and behavioral tests and the severity of maternal hyperglycemia as assessed by blood glycosylated hemoglobin levels and acetonuria. Conclusions: Pregestational or gestational diabetes was found to adversely affect attention span and motor functions of offspring at school age, but not their cognitive ability. These effects were negatively correlated with the degree of maternal glycemic control, and were more pronounced in younger children.
Thiazolidinediones - Some recent developments; The role of thiazolidinediones (currently rosiglitazone and pioglitazone) in the treatment of Type 2 diabetes is firmly established. The mechanism of action involves binding to the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ, a transcription factor that regulates the expression of specific genes especially in fat cells but also other cell types such as endothelial cells, macrophages and monocytes, vascular smooth muscle cells and colonic epithelium. Thiazolidinediones have been shown to interfere with expression and release of mediators of insulin resistance originating in adipose tissue (e.g., increased free fatty acids, decreased adiponectin) in a way that results in net improvement of insulin sensitivity (i.e., in muscle and liver). A direct or indirect effect on AMP-dependent protein kinase may also be involved. Prevention of lipid accumulation in tissues critical to glycaemia such as visceral adipocytes, liver, muscle and β-cells at the expense of lipids accumulating at the less harmful subcutaneous site may be central to their net metabolic effect. The sustained beneficial effect of troglitazone on β-cell function in women with previous gestational diabetes in addition to the insulin-sensitising properties point to an important role of this class of drugs in the prevention of Type 2 diabetes. Original safety concerns based on animal and in vitro studies (e.g., fatty bone marrow transformation, colonic cancer, adipogenic transdifferentiation of blood cells) remain theoretical issues but become less pressing practically with prolonged uneventful clinical use. Hepatotoxicity for troglitazone and fluid retention, which can aggravate pre-existing heart failure, are the most important side effects. In summary, with the thiazolidinediones, a novel concept for the treatment of insulin resistance and possibly preservation of β-cell function is available that could become effective in the prevention of Type 2 diabetes. Moreover, their anti-inflammatory properties also make them interesting in the prevention and treatment of atherosclerosis and possibly other inflammatory conditions (e.g., inflammatory bowel disease). Long-term data will be necessary for a final risk-benefit assessment of these substances.
Study of global left atrial shortening in fetuses of diabetic mothers; Objective: To test the hypothesis that left atrial shortening fraction is lower in fetuses of diabetic mothers than in fetuses of mothers with no systemic disease. Methods: Forty-two fetuses of mothers with previous diabetes or gestational diabetes and 39 healthy fetuses of mothers with no systemic disease (controls) underwent echocardiographic examination. Their gestational ages ranged from 25 weeks to term. The left atrial shortening fraction was obtained with the following formula: (left atrial maximum diameter - left atrial minimum diameter)/left atrial maximum diameter. Data were compared using the Student t test, with an alpha level of 0.05. Results: Mean left atrial shortening fractions in fetuses of diabetic mothers and in those in the control group were 0.39±0.15 and 0.51±0.11, respectively. This difference was significant with P < 0.001. Conclusion: Left atrial dynamics, with a reduction in global left atrial shortening, is increased in fetuses of diabetic mothers. We speculate that this parameter may be useful in assessing fetal left ventricular diastolic function.
History of gestational diabetes, insulin resistance and coronary risk; The purpose of this study was to examine characteristics associated with the insulin metabolic syndrome, including insulin resistance, abnormal glucose tolerance, dyslipidemia, obesity, and elevated blood pressure, among women who have experienced gestational diabetes. 39 nondiabetic, young (20-42 years), postpartum (3-18 months) white women were recruited from obstetrical clinics. Twenty-one women had a history of gestational diabetes; 18 had uncomplicated pregnancies. Multivariate analyses revealed a significant difference between groups in insulin resistance (M, measured by euglycemic clamp) and insulin levels (from an oral glucose tolerance test), with insulin resistance showing a statistically stronger difference than insulin levels. Groups also differed significantly when compared on a set of variables associated with insulin metabolic syndrome: glucose tolerance, triglycerides, blood pressure, and body-mass index. Using insulin resistance as a covariate eliminated these group differences, suggesting that insulin resistance is the key factor underlying insulin metabolic syndrome. The higher risk of later developing type 2 diabetes and hypertension in women who have a history of gestational diabetes is explicable by their poorer profile on variables associated with insulin metabolic syndrome, and appears to be attributable to insulin resistance. Thus, insulin resistance appears to distinguish young women at risk for cardiovascular disease. Copyright (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Inc.
The offspring of gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) usually develops in the second half of pregnancy and, in order to address the impact of GDM on the conceptus, several issues must be raised: what are the immediate implications for the fetus and the neonate and why do they happen? What are the consequences for the offspring? What can be done? In a theoretical model the whole pathogenesis and spectrum of fetal and neonatal mortality and morbidity could primarily be attributed to the excessive transferal of glucose from mother to fetus, inducing fetal hyperglycemia, leading to fetal pancreatic islet hypertrophy and β-cell hyperplasia with a consequent rise in insulin secretion. However, besides, and in addition to glucose, it is quite possible that other metabolic fuels, from amino acids to lipids, may also cross the placenta further contributing to the adverse intrauterine environment. Depending upon the time of gestation during critical developmental stages, the same metabolic fuels would have different effects upon the fetus, the neonate and quite possibly, upon the long-term outcome from neurological and psychosocial impairment to the adult development of metabolic and cardiovascular disorders. Based on clinical and experimental evidence that poor maternal homeostasis is at the core of the problem, it is of paramount importance to identify women at risk of GDM and to keep a tight metabolic control in order to avoid immediate and long-term consequences for their offspring.
Unexpected fetal death during pregnancy - A problem of unrecognized fetal disorders during antenatal care?; Objective: To investigate the causes of ante partum fetal death (APFD) and to evaluate the diagnostic methods for prevention. Material and methods: A population-based retrospective study was conducted in 293091 deliveries from 1996 to 2000 in the State of Hesse, Germany. The investigations focus on mortality of infants during pregnancy, separated between singletons of 37-42 weeks (n=361) and 23-36 weeks (n=550), and multiple births (n=76). In 44 cases, the gestational age was unknown and in 19 cases lower than 23 weeks or greater than 43 weeks. In total 1006 cases remained and were subject for evaluation. Results: Perinatal mortality (PM) was 0.56%. APFD occurred in 1050 cases (0.3%), i.e. 63.5% of PM. Risk factors from the medical history during pregnancy could be identified in 515 cases (51.2%). Significant risk factors were social burden (odds ratio (OR) 58.3), diabetes mellitus (OR 5.4) and gestational diabetes (OR 2.1), psychological burden (OR 4.8), proteinuria (OR 2.8), maternal age (OR 1.7) and maternal smoking, depending on the number of cigarettes. The risk factors show a difference in significance, if related to the gestational age and multiple pregnancies. The contribution of malformations to APFD was 7.8%. There was however a number of unexpected fetal deaths with unidentified risk factors: n=415 (41.3%). In this group, fetal growth restriction was observed in 38.1%. Compared to control, APFD was three to five times higher in fetal growth retardation below the 10th percentile. Fetal death was closely related to fetal surveillance, i.e. the number of antenatal visits, ultrasound measurements, and fetal heart rate monitoring. Conclusion: Fetal ante partum fetal death can be reduced at least by 50%, if the available methods for fetal surveillance are employed aiming to detect indications of fetal oxygen deprivation at an early stage. © 2003 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Insulin resistance in polycystic ovary syndrome; With a prevalence of 5-10% the polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common disorder of premenopausal women. According to prospective studies abnormal glucose tolerance and diabetes mellitus present in about 10.0% and 35.0% of adult women with PCOS, respectively. PCOS patients have a higher prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors such as hypertension and dyslipidaemia. The rate of spontaneous abortions as well as the risk of developing gestational diabetes is increased in PCOS. Therefore, PCOS is not only a reproductive problem, but a complex endocrine disease with important health implications. The role of glucose metabolism in PCOS, the health consequences and possible interventions are reviewed in this article.
Fœtal nutrition and breast-feeding. Effects on child growth and health should early nutritional prevention be implemented; During the past twenty years, evidence has built up that health starts in utero. The first stones were brought up by an English epidemiologist, David Barker who noticed that, in Great Britain, the regions with a high infant mortality rate in the years 1920 were also those with a high rate of coronary heart disease mortality in the 1970's. Thereafter, many publications have shown and confirmed relationships between a low birthweight and mortality, morbidity and risk factors for several adult chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, hypertension, insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes, in both men and women. Maternal diabetes during pregnancy, which can be seen as a situation of fetal overnutrition, also has long-term consequences with an increased risk of obesity and glucose intolerance in the offspring. More recently, a protective effect of maternal breasfeeding against obesity and allergy in childhood has been described. There is a common interpretation for all these relationships: the plasticity of fetal and early life may allow for a "programming" of some functions of the human body by early environmental conditions, with long lasting effects that may become evident only in adulthood. Nutritional factors, including maternal food intake and metabolism, placental functioning and infant feeding, are among the most plausible early environmental factors. A better understanding of their role may lead to an effective early prevention of adult chronic diseases.
Endothelial dysfunction in obesity and insulin resistance: A road to diabetes and heart disease; Obesity, insulin resistance, and endothelial dysfunction closely coexist throughout the natural history of type 2 diabetes. They all can be identified not only in people with type 2 diabetes, but also in various groups at risk for the disease, such as individuals with impaired glucose tolerance, family history of type 2 diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, prior gestational diabetes, or polycystic ovary syndrome. Whereas their evident association cannot fully establish a cause-effect relationship, fascinating mechanisms that bring them closer together than ever before are rapidly emerging. Central or abdominal obesity leads to insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction through fat-derived metabolic products, hormones, and cytokines. Insulin resistance leads to endothelial dysfunction through the frequent association with traditional cardiovascular risk factors and through some more direct novel mechanisms. Some specific and shared insulin signaling abnormalities in muscle, fat, and endothelial cells, as well as some new genetic and nontraditional factors, may contribute to this interesting association. Some recent clinical studies demonstrate that nonpharmacological and pharmacological strategies targeting obesity and/or insulin resistance ameliorate endothelial function and low-grade inflammation. All these findings have added a new dimension to the association of obesity, insulin resistance, and endothelial dysfunction that may become a key target in the prevention of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Copyright © 2003 NAASO.
Adverse effect of obesity on red cell membrane arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids in gestational diabetes; Aims/hypothesis. Gestational diabetes is a metabolic disorder affecting 2-5% of women and is a predictor of obesity, Type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance, a characteristic of gestational diabetes and obesity, is correlated with the fatty acids profile of the red cell and skeletal muscle membranes. We investigated the plasma and red cell fatty acid status of gestational diabetes. The effect of obesity on membrane fatty acids was also examined. Methods. Fasting blood obtained at diagnosis was analysed for the fatty acids in plasma choline phosphoglycerides and red cell choline and ethanolamine phosphoglycerides. Results. There were reductions in arachidonic acid (controls 10.74±2.35 vs gestational diabetes 8.35±3.49, p<0.01) and docosahexaenoic acid (controls 6.31± 2.67 vs gestational diabetes 3.25±2.00, p<0.0001) in the red cell choline phosphoglycerides in gestational diabetes. A similar pattern was found in the ethanolamine phosphoglycerides. Moreover, the arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids depletion in the red cell choline phosphoglycerides was much greater in overweight/obese gestational diabetes (arachidonic acid= 7.49±3.37, docosahexaenoic acid=2.98±2.18, p<0.01) compared with lean gestational diabetes (arachidonic acid=10.03±2.74, docosahexaenoic acid=4.18±1.42). Conclusion/interpretation. Apparently normal plasma choline phosphoglycerides fatty acids profile in the gestational diabetic women suggested that membrane lipid abnormality is associated specifically with perturbation in the membrane. The fact that the lipid abnormality is more pronounced in the outer leaflet of the membrane where most of receptor binding and enzyme activities take place might provide an explanation for the increased insulin resistance in gestational diabetes and obesity.
Changes in plasma lipids and markers of oxidative stress in normal pregnancy and pregnancies complicated by diabetes; The purpose of the present study was to determine changes in plasma lipids and markers of oxidative stress longitudinally in pregnancy complicated by diabetes compared with non-diabetic pregnancy. This was carried out by following a group of normal pregnant women (n = 17) and groups of pregnant women with Type I diabetes (n = 19), Type II diabetes (n = 12) and gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 12) throughout pregnancy, with sampling carried out at the end of each trimester. Serum total cholesterol and triacylglycerols (triglycerides) were determined using standard colorimetric techniques and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) subfraction profile by disc PAGE. Total antioxidant capacity (TAC) was determined by enhanced chemiluminescence and lipid hydroperoxides by the ferrous oxidation of Xylenol Orange method. Total cholesterol and triacylglycerols increased significantly throughout pregnancy in all groups, but there were no significant differences between normal and diabetic women with respect to either. The LDL score was significantly higher (P < 0.001) in diabetic women compared with normal women at each point throughout pregnancy, although there were no significant differences between the diabetic groups. There was evidence of greater oxidative stress in diabetic compared with normal women throughout. Corrected TAC was significantly lower (P < 0.001) in all diabetic women throughout pregnancy. In addition, lipid hydroperoxides were higher in all diabetic compared with normal women, particularly so in those with Type II diabetes (P < 0.05). These changes may have important implications for diabetic women during pregnancy, as an elevated risk of pre-eclampsia is thought to reflect an oxidative stress-related mechanism. In addition, these changes may have important implications for the development of atherosclerosis and the long-term cardiovascular health of women with diabetes.
Suitable forms of contraception for diabetic women; Low-dose oral contraceptives can be used by a great number of women with IDDM or a previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Others hormonal contraceptives (progestogen-only preparations) are less convenient and the compliance is poor with an increasing risk of gynaecologic side effects. The safety of this contraceptives as regards vascular diabetic complications is not evaluated well. Nulliparous patients with progressive complications can use barrier methods of contraception after education. Macroprogestative contraception is a adequate choice for women within forties. For multiparous diabetic women, intra-uterine devices represent the first choice.
Pregnancy outcomes after first trimester exposure to phentermine/fenfluramine; Background: Fenfluramine was withdrawn from the U.S. market in 1997 because of its association with cardiac-valve abnormalities in adults. The combination of fenfluramine and phentermine had been widely used to promote weight loss, and many women were inadvertently exposed during the first trimester of pregnancy. The possible effect on the developing fetus has not been studied. Methods: Controlled prospective cohort study comparing 98 women who had taken phentermine/fenfluramine to 233 women who had not, all of whom contacted the California Teratogen Information Service during pregnancy. Results: The proportion of liveborn infants with major structural anomalies was similar in the two groups (3.6% vs. 1.0%, relative risk (RR) 3.59; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.61, 21.10), as was the proportion of infants with ≤ minor anomalies (11.7% vs. 7.6%, RR 1.53; 95% CI 0.61, 3.82). Furthermore, no pattern of malformation was identified. There were no significant differences between the groups in spontaneous pregnancy loss (6.1% vs. 8.2%, P = 0.65) or premature delivery (8.6% vs. 7.7%, P = 0.95). Birth weight and head circumference were significantly increased in the exposed group; however, these differences were not associated with anorexiant use itself. The rate of gestational diabetes was significantly increased in pregnant women who took phentermine/fenfluramine during the first trimester of pregnancy. Conclusions: Although it is not possible from this study to rule out weak to moderate associations, the lack of an increased risk of spontaneous pregnancy loss, and major or minor anomalies in the offspring of women who took phentermine/fenfluramine at the recommended daily dose during the first trimester of pregnancy is reassuring. ©2002. Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Perioperative management of diabetic patients; Diabetes mellitus is the most common metabolic disease. New classifications have recently been proposed by the American Diabetes Association (ADA) and the World Health Organization (WHO). Type 1 (formerly insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus IDDM) is immune-mediated and leads to absolute insulin deficiency. Type 2 diabetes (formerly non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus [NIDDM]) is a disease of adult onset and is associated with insulin resistance. Type 3 corresponds to a wide range of specific types of diabetes, including various genetic defects of beta-cell function and insulin action, diseases of exocrine pancreas, endocrinopathies, and drug-induced diabetes. Type 4 is gestational diabetes (Table 1). Diabetics undergoing surgery have increased mortality, and type 1 diabetics are particularly at risk of postoperative complications. Wound complications are increased in diabetics, and healing is severely impaired when glycemic control is poor. However, with the use of modern management plans, the major outcome measures of surgery are comparable in diabetic and nondiabetic patients. Successful management of surgery in diabetic patients requires simple and safe protocols, which are fully understood by all staff and a close liaison among the surgeons, diabetes care team, and anesthetists.There is no consensus on the optimal metabolic management of the diabetic patient during surgery. Several surveys have highlighted the inconsistency with which surgical problems are managed in diabetic patients. The aim of this article is to provide protocols to achieve sensible and practical glycemic control in diabetic patients undergoing surgery. © 2003 by the Association of Program Directors in Surgery.
Assessment of Fetal Distress Based on Magnetic Resonance Examinations: Preliminary Report; Rationale and Objectives. Hypoxia is the main cause of injuries and intrauterine death of the fetus. Therefore, the main aim of monitoring and assessment of the fetus should be diagnosis of fetal distress before irreversible changes occur. Besides the fetal condition assessment methods used so far, in recent years in obstetrics new non-invasive imaging methods were introduced such as magnetic resonance (MR). This method enables morphologic evaluation of brain and brain tissue metabolism using magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS). Materials and Methods. Twenty pregnant women with pregnancy-induced hypertension (11 cases, including 3 with coexisting diabetes mellitus and 2 with intrauterine growth retardation), chronic hypertension (2 cases), gestational diabetes mellitus (6 cases), and suspected intrauterine fetal growth retardation (IUGR) participated in the study. Cardiotocography (CTG) and Doppler ultrasound examination of the blood flow in the umbilical artery and in the middle cerebral artery were performed. Results. In case of abnormal CTG and Doppler study records that indicated fetal hypoxia, MR studies showed the existence of ischemic focus in 5 patients and abnormal spectral images in 6 patients. Conclusion. The results of the preliminary study suggests that the use of MR in prenatal diagnosis may revolutionize the early detection of fetal injury in fetal distress. It is a valuable component of the diagnostic process, supplementing other examinations. The use of MR to assess fetal condition gives additional information and helps to make decisions about therapeutic actions. © AUR, 2003.
Sacrococcygeal Teratoma: Prenatal Assessment, Fetal Intervention, and Outcome; Purpose: To understand the natural history and define indications for fetal intervention in sacrococcygeal teratoma (SCT), the authors reviewed all cases of fetal SCT presenting for evaluation. Methods: Prenatal diagnostic studies including ultrasound scan, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), echocardiography and pre- and postnatal outcomes were reviewed in 30 cases of SCT that presented between September 1995 and January 2003. Results: The mean gestational age (GA) at presentation was 23.9 weeks (range, 19 to 38.5) with 3 sets of twins (10%). Overall outcomes included 4 terminations, 5 fetal demises, 7 neonatal deaths, and 14 survivors. Significant obstetric complications occurred in 81% of the 26 continuing pregnancies: polyhydramnios (n = 7), oligohydramnios (n = 4), preterm labor (n = 13), preeclampsia (n = 4), gestational diabetes (n = 1), HELLP syndrome (n = 1), and hyperemesis (n = 1), Fetal intervention included cyst aspiration (n = 6), amnioreduction (n = 3), amnioinfusion (n = 1), and open fetal surgical resection (n = 4). Indications for cyst aspiration and amnioreduction were maternal discomfort, preterm labor, and prevention of tumor rupture at delivery. Although 15 SCTs were solid causing risk for cardiac failure, only 4 fetuses met criteria for fetal debulking based on ultrasonographic and echocardiographic evidence of impending high output failure and favorable anatomy at 21, 23.6, 25, and 26 weeks' gestation. Intraoperative events included maternal blood transfusion (n = 1), fetal blood transfusion (n = 2), chorioamniotic membrane separation (n = 2), and fetal arrest requiring successful cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) (n = 1). In the fetal resection group, 3 of 4 survived with mean GA at delivery of 29 weeks (range, 27.6 to 31.7 weeks), mean birth weight of 1.3 kg, hospital stay ranging from 16 to 34 weeks, and follow-up ranging from 20 months to 6 years. Postnatal complications in the fetal surgery group included neonatal death (n = 1, secondary to premature closure of ductus arteriosus with cardiac failure), embolic event (n = 1, resulting in unilateral renal agenesis, jejunal atresia), chronic lung disease (n = 1), and tumor recurrence (n = 1). Conclusions: For fetal SCT, the rapidity at which cardiac compromise can develop and the high incidence of obstetric complications warrant close prenatal surveillance. Amnioreduction, cyst aspiration, and surgical debulking are potentially life-saving interventions. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The role of metformine chlorhydrate therapy in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS); The author reports his one and a half year's experience regarding the treatment of PCOS (polycystic ovary syndrome) with the use of Metformine. The aim of this therapy is to correct disturbances induced by the compensatory hyperinsulinaemia of insulin - resistance. In cases of meeting the diagnostic criteria for PCOS and hyperinsulinaemia Metformine treatment was initiated and continued for 4-12 months. Most important criteria were represented by the characteristic sonographic appearence of the ovaries and the compensatory hyperinsulinaemia. 2. Oligo- or amenorrhoeic episodes following the menarche. Anovulation. 3. Sterility, infertility. 4. Hirsutism. Alopecia. 5. Obesity. 6. Acne. Acanthosis nigricans. 7. Unresponsive Clomifen test or the test leading to hyperstimulation. 8. Pathological serum-sample results: LH/ FSH ratio greater than 2.5; low progesteron, occasionally increased estrogen levels; increased testosterone levels (above 2.0 nmol/1); hyperinsulinaemia (fasting glucose/insulin ratio lower than 4.5); occasional associated hyperprolactinaemia. Since these patients were young impairement of their lipoprotein metabolism was not characteristic. The diagnosis of PCOS was established when at least two of the above listed criteria were present in association with two impaired laboratory results as well as the characteristic ultrasound image and hyperinsulinaemia. Each patient was given a detailed information about the expected duration, mode and possible side effects of the treatment as well as the essentials regarding their illness and therapy. The author avoided administration of other, hormonal drugs during the first months of Metformine therapy except in cases where a serious indication was present. Changes in the sonographic appearence of the ovaries, resulting in regular ovulatory cycles, pregnancy, normalisation of the hormonal status, as well as improvement of the various other symptoms (acne, hirsutism, obesity) were the bases of controle of the patients' condition. Two out of the 33 treated patients stopped treatment due to the side effects followed by another two after two to three months. In 5 cases where pregnancy was the main goal, regular cycles returned. 12 pregnancies resulted out of which one ectopic and one missed abortion occured. There were no cases of gestational diabetes or spontaneous abortion. By using only Metformine 7 patients with PCOS whose main problem was cycle-disturbance and didn't want pregnancy resumed regular cycles and normal laboratory values. The improvement lasted for only a few months in 5 cases followed by a relapse. It is an interesting observation that patients who strictly adhered to the dietary recommendations and were able to lose 3-8 kilogrammes of weight showed a faster and considerably longer-lasting improvement. The therapeutic efforts were often insufficient with patients unable to lose weight. The author would like to stress upon a shift in the approach of the clinical care of patients with polycystic ovary syndrome from the symptome-driven care and follow methods to primarily prevent the chronic disease which can appear in youth. Metabolic disturbances playing a determinant role in the onset of PCOS are important pathogenic factors for the early onset of carbohydrate-intolerance or diabetes. The lipoprotein lipid profiles are compatible with the effects of insulin-resistance. Disturbed cholesterol and triglyceride metabolism may initiate premature cardiovascular disease. The efficacy of prevention depends upon a well coordinated team-work. There is a need to delineate and prepare professional protocols presenting uniform guidelines and principles of care.
Controversies in endocrinology - A modern medical quandary: Polycystic ovary syndrome, insulin resistance, and oral contraceptive pills; Recognition that insulin resistance plays a major role in the pathophysiology of PCOS has led to the novel application of insulin-sensitizing drugs as a treatment option for the disorder. Less appreciated, however, is the high risk for type 2 diabetes and perhaps cardiovascular disease associated with insulin resistance, and the important implications this may have for chronic treatment of PCOS. OCPs are the traditional therapy for the chronic treatment of PCOS, and they are recognized to exert a number of beneficial effects. Their use cannot be dismissed lightly. Nonetheless, limited evidence raises the issue that OCPs may aggravate insulin resistance and exert other untoward metabolic actions that possibly enhance the long-term risk for diabetes and heart disease. This important clinical issue has received relatively scant attention from clinical investigators and remains unsettled. This report is as much a call for additional studies, critical and controlled, as for judicious caution. In the interim, it is prudent at the time of treatment to assess an individual woman with PCOS for risk factors for diabetes (e.g. positive family history, history of gestational diabetes, high-risk ethnic group) and heart disease (e.g. dyslipidemia, positive family history, elevated homocystine). This may help determine the relative risk to benefit ratio of OCP therapy and allow the clinician to tailor therapy to the individual. For clinical investigators, the challenge now is to critically explore the immediate and long-term metabolic effects of both OCPs and insulin-sensitizing drugs in PCOS, so that clinicians may treat this prevalent disorder with confidence.
Inferior vena cava thrombosis presenting as non-immune hydrops in the fetus of a woman with diabetes; We present a rare case of non-immune hydrops fetalis (NIHF) caused by a thrombus in the inferior vena cava in a neonate with low levels of anti-thrombin III. The diagnosis of (NIHF) was made in utero in a 43-year-old woman with poorly controlled gestational diabetes who subsequently developed pre-eclampsia. Cesarean section was performed due to fetal compromise and worsening pre-eclampsia. The thrombus resolved after neonatal treatment with heparin. Copyright © 2003 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Medical and obstetric problems complicating pregnancy; The present review addresses several medical and obstetric factors/problems, and their interactions during pregnancy. These include the following: maternal age; morbidity and mortality during pregnancy; thromboembolism; gestational diabetes; haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelets syndrome; human immunodeficiency virus; hepatitis C; preterm labour; antenatal administration of corticosteroids; intrapartum surveillance; breech delivery; and caesarean section. © 2001 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The STOP-NIDDM trial: An international study on the efficacy of an α- glucosidase inhibitor to prevent type 2 diabetes in a population with impaired glucose tolerance: Rationale, design, and preliminary screening data; OBJECTIVE - To describe the rationale and design, and to discuss the preliminary screening data, of the Study of Prevent NIDDM (STOP-NIDDM Trial), an international study on the efficacy of the α-glucosidase inhibitor acarbose in preventing or delaying the development of type 2 diabetes in a population with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A total of 1,418 subjects diagnosed with IGT according to the World Health Organization's criteria and having a fasting plasma glucose concentration ≤ 5.6 mmol/l were randomized in a double-blind fashion to receive either acarbose (100 mg t.i.d.) or placebo for a predictive median follow-up period of 3.9 years. The primary outcome is the development of type 2 diabetes diagnosed using a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test according to the new criteria. The secondary outcomes are changes in blood pressure, lipid profile, insulin sensitivity, cardiovascular events, and morphometric profile. RESULTS - Screening was performed in a high-risk population. As of 1 March 1997, 4,424 subjects had been screened, and data were available for 3,919 (88.5%) subjects. Of these subjects, 1,200 (30.6%) had glucose intolerance. Of the subjects with glucose intolerance, 521 (13.3%) had previously undetected type 2 diabetes, and 679 (17.3%) had IGT. Of the IGT population, 412 (60.7%) subjects were eligible for the study. This population had the following characteristics: the mean age was 54.8 years, 52% of the subjects were female, 53% had more than one risk factor for type 2 diabetes, > 90% had a family history of diabetes, 78.2% had a BMI ≤ 27 kg/m2, 47.5% had high blood pressure, 51.2% had dyslipidemia, and 22.8% of the women had a history of gestational diabetes. CONCLUSIONS - Screening of a high-risk population yields one eligible subject per every 10 volunteers screened. This study should definitely answer the question of whether acarbose can prevent or delay the progression of IGT to type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Investigation of depressive symptoms and analysis of related factors in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: To investigate the prevalence of depression and analyze the related factors of depression and its adverse effect, so as to reveal the significance of prevention and treatment of depression in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus(GDM). Methods: Self-rating depression scale(SDS) was used to evaluate the depression in 50 GDM patients and 54 normal pregnant women. Inventory about the influencing factors of diabetes on the mental status of the GDM patients was investigated in written form. Meanwhile, the blood glucose, blood lipid, album/creatinie (A/C), super C-reactive protein (sCRP), insulin, heart rate and blood pressure were measured, and the status of the newborns was followed. The related factors of depression and its effect on pregnant women and neonates were analyzed. Results: The incidence rate of depression was 22% in GDM patients, significantly higher than in the pregnant women with normal glucose (7.4%). The heart rate [(101.1 ± 10.2) vs (92.4 ± 9.3) beats per minute, t = 4.211, P < 0.001], A/C[(127.3 ± 66.5) vs (13.8 ± 8.1) mg/g, t = 2.177, P < 0.05] in the depression group were significantly higher than those in the non-depression group; one hour after taking glucose, the insulin level was obviously lower than that in the non-depression group[(102.1 ± 65.2) vs (58.3 ± 32.4) mIU/L, t = 2.147, P < 0.051. The mean body mass of neonates[(3 200.4 ± 264.5) vs (3 495.5 ± 480.7) g, t = 2.321, P < 0.051 and mean length of belly band[(50.2 ± 8.3) vs (56.4 ± 7.1) cm, t = 2.056, P < 0.05] were obviously lower than those in the GDM patients without depression. The risk factors that could influence the mental status of the patients in order were the troublesome glucose monitor, fear of insulin injection, diabetes complications, transmissibility and the economic problems. The correlation analysis showed that the SDS value had significantly positive relation not only with A/C, but also with the wasting time of diabetic education, influence on the family relationship and fear of insulin injection. Conclusion: The incidence rate of depression is higher in GDM patients than in patients with normal blood glucose. GDM patients with depression have worse function of pancreatic islets and metabolic control, and depression may have adverse effect on the growth and development of fetus. The conditions of GDM patients are complicated. The possible main reasons of the incidence of depression in GDM patients are the examination and treatment of diabetes, the related costs and the elongation of time, the transmissibility of diabetes, its complications and the worry about the family relationships.
Maternal ophthalmic artery Doppler velocimetry in type 1 diabetes during pregnancy; Our purpose was to evaluate whether maternal ophthalmic artery pulsatility index (PI) in normotensive pregnancies with type 1 diabetes is different from that in normal normotensive pregnancies. The ophthalmic artery in 15 normal normotensive pregnant women, and 13 normotensive pregnant women with type 1 diabetes was studied once with colour Doppler flow imaging and pulsed Doppler ultrasonography after 16 weeks gestation. The heart rate, mean arterial blood pressure, and ophthalmic artery PI were calculated in each group. The PI (1.94 ± 0.45) in normotensive pregnant women with type 1 diabetes was significantly lower than that (2.73 ± 0.32) in normal normotensive pregnant women (P < 0.0001). There was no significant difference in maternal heart rate or mean arterial blood pressure between the two groups. These results suggest that vascular resistance in the maternal orbital circulation is reduced in pregnancies with type 1 diabetes that are normotensive. The lower PI in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes should be interpreted as orbital vascular vasodilatation, indicating orbital hyperperfusion or hyperaemia.
Clinical physiology of exercise in pregnancy: a literature review.; OBJECTIVES: To review the existing literature on the physiology of exercise in pregnancy as a basis for clinical practice guidelines for prenatal exercise prescription. METHODS: MEDLINE search for English language abstracts and articles published between 1966 and 2003 related to physiological adaptations to pregnancy, effects of pregnancy on responses to acute exercise and aerobic conditioning, effects of acute maternal exercise on indexes of fetal well-being, impact of physical conditioning on birth weight and other pregnancy outcomes, and use of exercise to prevent or treat gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. RESULTS: Maximal aerobic power (VO(2)max, L/min) is well-preserved in pregnant women who remain physically active, but anaerobic working capacity may be reduced in late gestation. The increase in resting heart rate, reduction in maximal heart rate, and resulting smaller heart rate reserve render heart rate a less precise way of estimating exercise intensity. As rating of perceived exertion (RPE) is not altered by pregnancy, the use of revised pulse rate target zones along with Borg's RPE scale is recommended to prescribe exercise intensity during pregnancy. Responses to prolonged submaximal exercise (>30 min) in late gestation include a moderate reduction in maternal blood glucose concentration, which may transiently reduce fetal glucose availability. The normal response to sustained submaximal exercise is an increase in fetal heart rate (FHR) baseline. Transient reductions in FHR reactivity, fetal breathing movements, and FHR variability may also occur in association with more strenuous exercise. Controlled prospective studies have demonstrated that moderate prenatal exercise during the second and third trimesters is useful to improve aerobic fitness and maternal-fetal physiological reserve without affecting fetal growth. CONCLUSIONS: The Physical Activity Readiness Medical Examination for Pregnancy is recommended for use by physicians and midwives to provide medical clearance for prenatal exercise. Evidence-based prenatal exercise guidelines are needed to counsel healthy and fit pregnant women on the safety of involvement in more strenuous physical conditioning. Future study is also recommended to determine the usefulness of prenatal exercise in the prevention and treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia.
Pregnancy problems in diabetes mellitus; Diabetes mellitus is the endocrine disease associated most often with pregnancy. Insuline Resistance increase during pregnancy is the main cause of Gestational Diabetes. Both, overt Diabetes mellitus and Gestational Diabetes give a poorer prognosis to pregnancy, but the later only because the higher frequency of fetal macrosomia. Clinical Diabetes Mellitus in pregnancy is associated with higher frequencies of preeclampsia, hydramnios, preterm labor and delivery, miscarriages, fetal malformations, alterations of fetal growth (mainly fetal overgrowth) and of fotal maturity, fetal hypoxia and fetal an neonatal death. Good metabolic control since before and during preguancy is the best profilaxis of these problems although additional benefits comes from a diet rich in antioxydants, folic acid and Calcium supplements and, in selected cases, platelet antiagregants (aspirine). Screening of fetal cromosomopaties (its risk seems also higher in gestational diabetes) and fetal malformations rest on sonographies performed at 12 and 20 weeks respectively, and that of fetal growth deviations in sonographies at 28 and 34 weeks. Fetal welfare is followed by weekly non stress test since weeks 34 or 37, the later in those cases of gestational diabetes or clinical diabetes with good metabolic control. In interpreting fetal heart rate patterns is important to consider that these fetuses have also a maturative delay in their vegetative system. Now, threatened premature labor is best managed with Atosiban, so the metabolic effects of betamimetics could be avoided. In pregnancies with good metabolic control and normal fetal growth delivery is planned at 40 week. In those cases with deficient metabolic control or with fetal growth acceleration delivery is otherwise planned at an estimated fetal weight of 4000 g., but in any case we try to reach, at least, the 38 week. Then if the estimated fetal weight is above 4500 g we choose a elective cesarean section.
Management of diabetes mellitus complicating pregnancy; Diabetes mellitus complicates 3-5% of all pregnancies and is a major cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality, as well as maternal morbidity. The availability of a variety of new insulins, the insulin pump, and self-monitoring of blood glucose have revolutionized the care of the pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus. However, challenges remain in caring for the pregnant patient with pregestational diabetes. Relatively few women receive preconceptional counseling, and major fetal malformations as a result of poor glucose control before and during the early weeks of gestation have emerged as the major cause of perinatal mortality. When the patient has diabetic vasculopathy, the obstetrician, maternal-fetal specialist, and/or endocrinologist and other members of the health care team must perform a challenging balancing act that promotes fetal health while minimizing maternal risk. As obesity increases in this country and our population becomes more diversified, the rate of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) will rise. Although there is controversy regarding which diagnostic standards to use for GDM, there is agreement that excellent blood glucose control, with diet and, when necessary, insulin will result in improved perinatal outcome. Finally, the goal of our educational programs should be not only to improve pregnancy outcome but also to promote healthy lifestyle changes for the mother that will last long after delivery. © 2003 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Healthcare networks: Involvment of various healthcare professionals. Example of the "Midi-Pyrénées" network for diabetes care: DIAMIP; Diabetes is a very representative model of chronic disease requiring a partnership between various healthcare professionals. The organisation of healthcare networks allows a global care improvement. For the "Midi-Pyrénées" area, the diabetes network associates physicians and other healthcare professionals, working in their private - practice or in clinics or hospitals. The priority of this network was to develop therapeutic patient education, outdoors and indoors. The use of a specific communication system will be unavoidable, as a basis for medical files, evaluation, and permanent updates for the network members. Current projects concern a regional organization for chronic foot ulcers care, coronary heart disease and diabetes during pregnancy. These various care domains suppose the collaboration with other regional networks.
Birth weight of offspring and insulin resistance in late adulthood: Cross sectional survey; Objective: To investigate the association between birth weight of offspring and mothers' insulin resistance in late adulthood. Design: Cross sectional survey. Setting: General practitioner's surgeries in 23 towns in Great Britain. Participants: 4286 women aged 60-79 years. Main outcome measures: Maternal insulin resistance. Results: Birth weight of offspring was inversely related to maternal insulin resistance in late adulthood. For each 1 kg higher birth weight of offspring, women had a 15% reduction in the odds of being in the fourth with highest insulin resistance, compared to other fourths (odds ratio 0.85; 95% confidence interval 0.71 to 1.00). This increased to 27% (0.73; 0.60 to 0.90) after adjusting data for potential confounders. A U shaped relation between birth weight of offspring and diabetes in older age was found; women with the lightest and heaviest offspring had the highest prevalence of diabetes. Conclusions: Birth weight of offspring is inversely related to the mother's insulin resistance in late adulthood, despite the association of glucose intolerance during pregnancy with heavier offspring at birth. Common genetic factors probably contribute to the relation between birth weight and risk of cardiovascular disease and diabetes in adults.
Obstetric and prenatal outcome in menopausal women: A 12-year clinical study; The obstetric and prenatal outcome in post-menopausal women of advanced age in an oocyte donation programme is described in this paper, the oldest being aged 63 years. A total of 2729 candidates were visited up to November 2000. Only 1150 (42%) were accepted, with 1579 being rejected during a rigorous selection procedure. Several excluding clinical conditions were noted, including hypertension of varying severity, cardiovascular disease, smoking, dysfunctions of the hepatic, thyroid and renal systems and diabetes. Overall, 489 (38%) clinical pregnancies were established in 1288 recipient cycles, with 390 healthy babies delivered out of 363 pregnancies (28%), while 126 (25.7%) were lost. In all, 327 (90%) of the pregnancies reached full term, with 36 involving premature deliveries, 24 involving multiple gestation, 21 sets of twins, three sets of triplets (0.9%) and no quadruplets. Antenatal complications arising in 86 patients (23.6% of deliveries) included 33 preterm deliveries, 43 cases of gestational hypertension, four cases of pre-eclampsia, three cases of gestational diabetes and three of abruptio placentae. A total of 272 (75%) of all deliveries were by Caesarean section. Neonatal complications included two cases of growth retardation. There were no neonatal or maternal deaths. The 63-year-old woman reached full term pregnancy in July 1994, with delivery by Caesarean section of a boy in good health. Proper screening for risks has enabled this treatment to be given to a preselected group of patients.
Antenatal fetal testing in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus; Most obstetricians adapt some form of strategy for antenatal fetal testing in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). There are, however, wide differences of opinion among providers as to the preferred protocol for such testing. The optimal method of fetal surveillance, the gestational age at which to start testing, the frequency of testing, and even whether all patients with GDM require antenatal testing are all controversial, unresolved issues. Indeed, in the absence of prospective, randomized clinical trials, it is impossible to determine whether antenatal fetal testing is beneficial in uncomplicated GDM. Moreover, it appears that even with the use of well-defined antenatal testing protocols, it is unavoidable that some women with GDM will experience an unexplained third trimester stillbirth. Pending the availability of solid data based on prospective trials, it is prudent to incorporate antenatal fetal testing in the management scheme of women with gestational diabetes. Copyright 2002, Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved.
Influences of pre- and postnatal nutritional exposures on vascular/endocrine systems in animals; Human epidemiological and animal studies have revealed the long-term effects of malnutrition during gestation and early life on the health of the offspring. The aim of the current review is to survey the different means of achieving fetal malnutrition and its consequences, mainly in animals, and to identify key areas in which to direct future research. We address the impact of various models of a maternal protein-restricted diet and global maternal caloric restriction (either through the reduction of nutrient supply or through mechanic devices), the influence of maternal diabetes, and other maternal causes of fetal damage (maternal infections and toxic food components). More specifically, we enumerate data on how the different insults at different prenatal and early postnatal periods affect and program the development and the function of organs involved in diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. Particular emphasis is given to the endocrine pancreas, but insulin- sensitive tissues, kidneys, and vasculature are also analyzed. Where available, the protective effects of maternal food supplementation for fetal organ development and function are discussed. Specific attention is paid to the amino acids profile, and the preventive role of taurine is discussed. Tentative indications about critical time windows for fetal development under different deleterious conditions are presented whenever possible. We also discuss future research and intervention.
Diabetes mellitus during pregnancy: A study of fifty cases; Objective: To review and critically evaluate the incidence, epidemiology, clinical pattern, diagnosis, management, complications Et outcome of diabetes mellitus during pregnancy in hospital based study. Setting: A study of 50 cases of diabetes mellitus during pregnancy studied during the period 1ST June 2001 to 1st June 2003 at Department of Obstetrics Et Gynecology Unit-II, Jinnah Hospital, Lahore. Main outcome measures: Maternal and fetal outcome. Results: Total number of women delivered were 11271. Fifty cases of diabetes mellitus during pregnancy were studied. Mostly the patients were more then 30 years of age, multiparous ladies with gestational diabetes in 80% of cases, Type-II diabetes in 16% and only in 4% Type-I diabetes was reported. Insulin was required in 40% of patients. Eight women out of 50 had spontaneous miscarriage, 5 underwent preterm delivery while 36 reached term with one intrauterine death. Total number of babies delivered alive were 41. There was one stillbirth and 3 neonatal deaths. Conclusion: Management of diabetes mettitus in pregnancy involves teamwork of Obstetricians, Physicians and Neonatologists.
Chromium in the prevention and control of diabetes; Chromium is an essential nutrient involved in the metabolism of glucose, insulin and blood lipids. Suboptimal dietary intake of chromium is associated with increased risk factors associated with diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Within the past five years, chromium has been shown to improve glucose and related variables in subjects with glucose intolerance and type 1, type 2, gestational and steroid-induced diabetes. Severe neuropathy and glucose intolerance of a patient on total parenteral nutrition, who was receiving currently recommended levels of chromium, were reversed by additional supplemental chromium. Chromium increases insulin binding to cells, insulin receptor number and activates insulin receptor kinase leading to increased insulin sensitivity. Additional studies are urgently needed to elucidate the mechanism of action of chromium and its role in the prevention and control of diabetes.
Gestational diabetes: Practice points for GPs; All pregnant women should be checked for gestational diabetes at about 26 to 28 weeks. High risk women should be checked before conception and at 12, 26 to 28 and 32 weeks' gestation. A shared-care multidisciplinary approach is the key to successful management. Lifestyle modification and insulin therapy may be needed. Target blood glucose values during the pregnancy are below 5.5 mmol/L before meals and below 7.0 mmol/L two hours after meals. Extra obstetric monitoring may be required. Advise on the risk of diabetes to the child, with future pregnancies and in the long term. Consider assessing other cardiovascular risk factors.
Endothelial dysfunction, inflammation, and insulin resistance: A focus on subjects at risk for type 2 diabetes; Subjects with obesity, family history of type 2 diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome, previous gestational diabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, impaired glucose tolerance or impaired fasting glucose, and those with metabolic syndrome are at risk for the development of type 2 diabetes. Some of them are also at risk for cardiovascular disease, Some underlying abnormalities such as insulin resistance, endothelial dysfunction, and low-grade chronic inflammation are frequently present and closely associated in all these groups. The flow of substrates, hormones, and cytokines from visceral fat to skeletal muscle and to the endothelial cells, along with some genetic abnormalities that lead to impaired insulin action in the peripheral tissues and to impaired insulin-stimulated nitric oxide production in endothelial cells, may play a role in establishing these shared metabolic and vascular derangements. Weight loss, thiazolidinediones, and metformin improve vascular function in subjects at risk for type 2 diabetes and may prove to reduce cardiovascular events in these individuals. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc.
Will feeding mothers prevent the Asian metabolic syndrome epidemic?; Evolutionary pressures have probably amplified the mechanisms for minimizing the impact of environmental factors through compensatory maternal mechanisms. Nevertheless, experimentally there are clear long-term programming effects of manipulations to the maternal diet on the likelihood of neural-tube defects associated with folate deficiency The fat/lean ratios of the newborn, and subsequent development, seem to be linked to amino acid or folate supply. An altered balance in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, which experimentally has profound effects on brain development, is induced by low-protein maternal diets. Such diets are linked to a reduced pancreatic capacity for insulin production and to an altered hepatic architecture, with a change in the control of glucose metabolism. Human studies suggest that what happens in pregnancy is modified by the child's diet in the first months of life. Low birthweight is linked to early stunting, and predisposes to abdominal obesity and metabolic syndrome in later life. Metabolic syndrome amplifies the risks of diabetes, hypertension, coronary heart disease and probably some cancers. Mothers with gestational diabetes are themselves prone to early type 2 diabetes and produce heavier babies prone to childhood obesity and adolescent type 2 diabetes. There is increasing evidence of an intergenerational effect, with big babies being prone to excess weight gain, which then, in girls, predisposes them to diabetes in pregnancy, which, in turn, promotes an accelerating cycle of early diabetes in subsequent generations. Essential fatty acids and fat soluble vitamins are important, but we need early interventions and monitoring systems to justify coherent policies.
Glucose-induced release of tumour necrosis factor-alpha from human placental and adipose tissues in gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims: The cytokine tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) has been implicated in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance in Type 2 diabetes mellitus, but limited data are available in relation to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a disease in which similar biochemical abnormalities exist. We investigated the effect of exogenous glucose on the release of TNF-α from placental and adipose (omental and subcutaneous) tissue obtained from normal pregnant women, and women with GDM. Methods: Human tissue explants were incubated for up to 24 h and TNF-α concentration in the incubation medium quantified by ELISA. The effect of normal (5 mmol/l) and high (15 and 25 mmol/l) glucose concentrations on the release of TNF-α was assessed. Results: In placental and subcutaneous adipose tissues obtained from women with GDM (n = 6), TNF-α release was significantly greater under conditions of high glucose compared with normal glucose (placenta, 25 mmol/l 5915.7 ± 2579.6 and 15 mmol/l 4547.1 ± 2039.1 vs. 5 mmol/l 1897.1 ± 545.5; subcutaneous adipose tissue, 25 mmol/l 423.5 ± 207.0 and 15 mmol/l 278.5 ± 138.7 vs. 5 mmol/l 65.3 ± 28.5 pg/mg protein; P < 0.05). In contrast, there was no stimulatory effect of high glucose on TNF-α release by tissues obtained from normal pregnant women (n = 6) (placenta, 25 mmol/l 1542.1 ± 486.2 and 15 mmol/l 4263.3 ± 2737.7 vs. 5 mmol/l 5422.4 ± 1599.0; subcutaneous adipose tissue, 25 mmol/l 189.8 ± 120.4 and 15 mmol/l 124.5 ± 32.3 vs. 5 mmol/l 217.9 ± 103.5 pg/mg protein). Conclusions: These observations suggest that tissues from patients with GDM release greater amounts of TNF-α in response to high glucose. As TNF-α has been previously implicated in the regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism, and of insulin resistance, these data are consistent with the hypothesis that TNF-α may be involved in the pathogenesis and/or progression of GDM.
Stroke complicating pregnancy and the puerperium; Background. The role of nonobstetric factors, such as stroke, in maternal mortality has become of increasing importance because maternal deaths resulting directly from obstetric causes are decreasing. Strokes contribute to high mortality and morbidity, and are severe complications during pregnancy and puerperium. The objective of this study was to investigate the maternal outcome of patients with complications of stroke during pregnancy and puerperium. The causes, incidence and essential management of stroke are also reviewed. Methods. During the 10-year period from January, 1986, to January, 1996, women who suffered from stroke during pregnancy, or up to six weeks postpartum, and were discharged from our hospital were identified. Stroke was defined as the abrupt onset of a focal neurologic syndrome that consisted of hemorrhagic and ischemic central nervous system events. All were assessed using computerized tomography or magnetic resonance imaging. Neurologists reviewed each case from the medical records. Results. Thirteen women who had a stroke during pregnancy or puerperium were identified. Nine of these women had intracerebral hemorrhage and four had ischemic strokes. During this 10-year period, approximately 85,321 women gave birth at the Mackay Memorial Hospital, and the incidence of stroke was approximately 1 in 6,500 pregnancies. Among the nine cases of hemorrhagic strokes, three women had preeclampsia and one had gestational diabetes mellitus. Mortality from strokes was 38%, and 63% of survivors had residual neurologic deficits; 46% of the strokes occurred during the puerperium. Conclusions. Stroke during pregnancy and puerperium causes high mortality and morbidity. Early diagnosis and adequate treatment cannot be overemphasized, as prompt and proper management is beneficial for outcome. The same meticulous care provided during the antepartum and intrapartum periods should be continued into the puerperium.
Cardiac function in fetuses of poorly-controlled pre-gestational diabetic pregnancies - A pilot study; Objective: Cardiac impairment is frequently found in babies of diabetic mothers. It is still controversial whether this is due to poor glucose control. The aim of this study is to compare the cardiac function in fetuses of well- and poorly-controlled pre-gestational diabetic pregnancy in third trimester. Methods: Women with type 1 pre-gestational diabetes were enrolled at 30-32 weeks. Cardiac size and interventricular septal wall thickness were measured by M-mode at end-diastolic phase. The right and left ventricular ejection fractions were calculated. At the mitral and tricuspid valves inflow, the ratio between early ventricular filling and active atrial filling (E/A) at both atrioventricular valves were measured by Doppler echocardiography. Peak velocities of ascending aorta and pulmonary artery were assessed. The angle of isonation was kept at <20°. Women with poorly-controlled diabetes (HbA1c >6.5%) were compared with those with satisfactorily controlled diabetes (HbA1c ≤6.5%). Results: A total of 21 women with pre-gestational diabetes were recruited for this study. Eight women with well-controlled diabetes were compared with 9 women who had poorly-controlled diabetes. HbA1c in the poorly-controlled group was 7.3% and in the well-controlled group it was 5.4% (p < 0.001). There was no difference between the two groups in cardiac size, interventricular septal wall thickness, ejection fraction, aorta and pulmonary artery peak flow velocities. The right atrioventricular E/A ratio was significantly lower among the poorly-controlled diabetic pregnancies (0.71 vs. 0.54; p < 0.05). Conclusion: Fetuses of poorly-controlled diabetic mothers had a lower right atrioventricular E/A ratio. This may be due to metabolic acidosis, non-hypertrophic cardiac dysfunction or fetal polycythemia. Copyright © 2003 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Preventing and treating obesity in girls and young women to curb the epidemic; Obesity and its serious comorbidities, type 2 diabetes, coronary heart disease, hypertension, and dyslipidemia, have reached epidemic proportions in adults and children. Female obesity is more prevalent and, thus, has greater epidemiological importance: Mothers transmit the disease epigenetically and genetically. Maternal obesity affects maternal health, pregnancy outcome, and fetal, neonatal, childhood, and ultimately adult morbidity and mortality. Obesity is easy to diagnose, as are most of its risk factors, yet very little progress has been made in preventing the disease. During a brief period of rapid early growth, there is imprinting of antecedents of adult obesity and obesity-related disease. Because of the rapidity of this early growth and the relative brevity of the critical period, early recognition and prompt intervention are necessary and possibly sufficient to prevent the development of obesity. Identification of inappropriate rapid weight gain through frequent weighing should trigger immediate adjustment of energy intake, a simple intervention in bottle-fed infants, the ones at greatest risk for becoming obese. This review presents a step-care strategy with fail-safe action levels starting with maternal education and diet, exercise, and behavior modification for mother and child and progressing to drug treatment and, in selected cases, laparoscopic surgery for young women of childbearing age in whom other measures have failed. This approach is predicated on the assumption that careful monitoring and responsive supplementation of potential deficiencies is easier to achieve, more cost-effective, and safer than effectively treating manifest obesity and its comorbidities in adults. Copyright © 2004 NAASO.
Increased prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance in first-degree relatives of girls with a history of precocious pubarche; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether abnormal responses to an oral glucose load, dyslipidaemia and hyperandrogenaemia, which are commonly found in girls with a history of precocious pubarche, can also be detected in first-degree relatives of these patients. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: Sixty first-degree relatives (age, 41.4 ± 4.4 years; BMI, 26.9 ± 3.3 kg/m2) of girls diagnosed with precocious pubarche were studied. The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus and the hirsutism score were assessed in the females. The study was performed during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle in females and at random in males. MEASUREMENTS: All subjects underwent a standard 75 g 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Serum lipids and lipoproteins were measured in baseline blood samples in all subjects, while serum testosterone, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) levels and the free androgen indices were determined only in females. Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and type 2 diabetes mellitus were diagnosed according to the criteria of the Expert Committee on the Diagnosis and Classification of Diabetes Mellitus. RESULTS: Seven subjects (11.6%) had type 2 diabetes while a further 14 (23.3%) had IGT; prevalences significantly higher than those reported for the present population of the same age (type 2 diabetes, 2.5% and IGT, 7.5%; P<0.001 and P<0.001, respectively). BMIs were similar in patients with either normal or abnormal glucose tolerance. Abnormal levels of at least two lipid parameters were found in 40% of subjects. Four out of 10 hirsute women and six non-hirsute women reported gestational diabetes. Mean serum SHBG levels were lower in female relatives compared with population controls (P<0.0005). CONCLUSIONS: First-degree relatives of girls with precocious pubarche are at a higher risk of impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes which, in most cases, is accompanied by an unfavourable lipid profile. Hyperandrogenism and an increased prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus are frequent among females. These data may prove useful in identifying a specific subset of the population at increased risk of developing metabolic disturbances known to predispose to cardiovascular disease.
Diabetes among Alaska Natives: a review.; This review summarizes the published information on diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes among Alaska Natives. The most recently published age-adjusted prevalence was 28.3/1000 in 1998. There is evidence of a steadily increasing prevalence, documented both by cross sectional screening studies and patient registry methods. The overall incidence rates in 1986-1998 of lower extremity amputation (6.1/1000) and renal replacement therapy (2.1/1000) appear to be lower than those in other Native American populations in the United States. Incidence of stroke and MI in 1986-1998 varied widely by ethnic group and gender with Eskimo women having the highest rate of stroke (19.6/1000), and Aleut men the highest rate of MI (14/1000). The overall mortality among diabetic Alaska Native people in 1986-1993 (43.2/1000) was somewhat lower than that in other US diabetic populations, with heart disease being the most common cause of death. A high rate of gestational diabetes (6.7%) was reported in one region in 1987-88, but this appeared to decline following nutritional education intervention. In screening studies, the prevalence of abnormal glucose tolerance has been found to be positively associated with body mass index and negatively associated with daily seal oil or salmon consumption and higher levels of physical activity. Observations on the prevalence and relationships among other factors in the insulin resistance syndrome are summarized. Suggestions for prevention of diabetes and further studies are presented.
Circulating concentrations of asymmetrical dimethyl-L-arginine are increased in women with previous gestational diabetes; Aims/hypothesis. The concentration of asymmetrical dimethyl-L-arginine (ADMA), an endogenous inhibitor of the nitric oxide synthase, is increased in patients at risk or with cardiovascular disease. We have investigated ADMA concentrations in women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM), who could develop endothelial dysfunction and Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus after delivery, and in healthy control subjects. Methods. Previous GDM patients were grouped according to their BMI as obese (≥25 kg/m2, n=46) or non-adipose (<25 kg/m2, n=31). Serum samples were taken 14 to 16 weeks after delivery and after 1 year. The control group comprised 17 healthy women (BMI<25 kg/m2). ADMA concentrations were analysed by high performance liquid chromatography. Results. ADMA concentrations were comparable between obese and non-adipose GDM patients (0.58±0.02 and 0.57±0.02 μmol/l, respectively), and higher than in the control group (0.47±0.03 μmol/l; p<0.006). Insulin resistance as estimated by the insulin sensitivity index was more frequent among the obese than the non-adipose GDM women (p<0.05) and control subjects (p<0.05, both). No change in ADMA concentrations was found after 1 year in women with GDM. There was only a slight correlation between ADMA and BMI (r=0.26, p<0.02), triglycerides (r=0.29, p<0.004), or fasting plasma glucose (r=0.21, p<0.05), and not with the insulin sensitivity index or other parameters. In a multiple regression analysis ADMA serum concentrations were only associated with triglycerides. Conclusion/interpretation. Circulating ADMA concentrations are increased in normoglycaemic women with previous GDM. This increase is independent from other risk factors or surrogate markers for diabetes or cardiovascular events.
Identification of mtDNA mutation in a Pedigree with gestational diabetes, deafness, Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome and placenta accreta; Mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) defects are associated with a number of human disorders. Although many occur sporadically, maternal transmission is the hallmark of diseases due to mtDNA point mutations. The same mutation may manifest strikingly different phenotypes; for example, the A to G substitution at np 3243 was first reported in patients with mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, lactic acidosis and stroke-like episodes (the MELAS syndrome), but is also found in patients with diabetes and deafness. Here we present a case of gestational diabetes, deafness, premature greying, placenta accreta and Wolff-Parkinson-White (WPW) syndrome associated with a mtDNA mutation. Although this is the first report of such an association, study of 27 other patients with WPW syndrome failed to confirm that this mtDNA mutation is a common cause of such pre-excitation disorders. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Prune-belly anomalies in a girl with Down syndrome; We report the first case of a girl born to a diabetic mother who was found to have Down syndrome and prune-belly anomalies (bilateral gross hydronephrosis, megaureter, and megacystis with abdominal muscle deficiency). The girl also had an atrioventricular septal defect. Diagnoses were confirmed with a cytogenetic study and micturating cystourethrography. She died at 29 days of age with a sudden collapse, most likely due to sepsis.
Should patients with polycystic ovary syndrome be treated with metformin?: Benefits of insulin sensitizing drugs in polycystic ovary syndrome - Beyond ovulation induction; The debate on metformin in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) has mainly focused on its treatment for infertility in ovulation induction and menstrual cyclicity. Here we will summarize the data supporting the effect of metformin on improving hyperandrogenaemia and hyperinsulinaemia in PCOS patients. We propose that metformin benefits PCOS patients undergoing gonadotrophin therapy and IVF as well as ovulation induction. We also advocate the use of insulin sensitizing drugs to reduce miscarriage rates, and risks associated with coronary artery disease, gestational diabetes and obesity.
Thiamine supplementation to prevent induction of low birth weight by conventional therapy for gestational diabetes mellitus; Conventional treatment for gestational diabetes mellitus increases the proportion of infants born with a low birth weight, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus in later life. Thiamine supplementation during pregnancy may be shown to be a safe preventive measure. During pregnancy, approximately 50% of the women develop a biochemical thiamine deficiency, whereas the thiamine status falls, but remains within normal limits, in most other women. Thiamine is essential for glucose oxidation, insulin production by pancreatic β-cells and cell growth. It is therefore likely that thiamine supplementation in pregnant women not only improves their glucose tolerance but also stimulates the intra-uterine growth, thereby preventing a low birth weight to ensue from conventional therapy which only improves glucose tolerance. (C) 2000 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
The postprandial state - A critical phase of the metabolic regulation in diabetes: Consequences for the vessel risk; The postprandial state in diabetes plays a central role in the control of HbA(1c), blood lipids, coagulation and redox-balance. The changes in blood sugar control result in disturbed removal of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins, hypercoagulation, impaired fibrinolysis and increased production of free radicals. The early insulin secretion phase (0-30 minutes prandial) was shown to be of crucial importance for the quality of postprandial metabolism. The complex anomalies in the regulation of the postprandial state sustain the insulin resistance and in addition damage the beta-cells. In parallel the postprandial state is associated with endothelial functional impairment. Many epidemiologic studies have shown that postprandial glucose, triglycerides and coagulation parameters correlate more closely to impaired endothelial function and atherosclerotic vessel alterations than the fasting values of these parameters. The Diabetes Intervention Study was the first to demonstrate that postprandial blood glucose but not fasting glucose is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular and total mortality. The monitoring of postprandial blood glucose in gestational diabetes led to improved HbA(1c)-values, less anomalies of the babies and less birth complications than the monitoring of preprandial blood glucose. Therefore, postprandial glycemic control is essential for the HbA(1c)-values and for the prevention of late complications. This should be more strongly considered in the differential therapy with oral anditiabetic drugs and short acting insulins.
Plasma adiponectin, insulin sensitivity, and subclinical inflammation in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE - Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) are at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes and associated vasculopathy. Because increased fat mass and inflammatory processes are angiopathic risk factors, the relationship between insulin sensitivity, parameters of subclinical inflammation, and plasma concentrations of adipocytokines was investigated in pGDM both at 3 months and 12 months after delivery. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Insulin sensitivity (through a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test) and plasma concentrations of ultrasensitive C-reactive protein (CRP), adiponectin, plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI)-1, tumor necrosis factor-α, leptin, and interleukin-6 were measured in 89 pGDM (BMI 25.9 ± 0.5 kg/m2, age 32 ± 0.5 years) and in 19 women with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy (NGT) (23.7 ± 0.9 kg/m 2, 31 ± 1.3 years). RESULTS - pGDM showed lower (P < 0.0001) plasma adiponectin (6.7 ± 0.2 μg/ml) than NGT (9.8 ± 0.5 μg/ml) and a decreased (P < 0.003) insulin sensitivity index (S i) and disposition index (P < 0.03), but increased plasma leptin (P < 0.003), PAI-1 (P < 0.002), and CRP (P < 0.03). After adjustment for body fat mass, plasma adiponectin remained lower in pGDM (P < 0.004) and correlated positively with Si (P < 0.003) and HDL cholesterol (P < 0.0001) but negatively with plasma glucose (2-h oral glucose tolerance test [OGTT]) (P < 0.0001), leptin (P < 0.01), CRP (P < 0.007), and PAI-1 (P < 0.0001). On regression analysis, only HDL cholesterol, postload (2-h OGTT) plasma glucose, and Si remained significant predictors of plasma adiponectin, explaining 42% of its variability. Of note, adiponectin further decreased (P < 0.05) only in insulin-resistant pGDM despite unchanged body fat content and distribution after a 1-year follow-up. CONCLUSIONS - Lower plasma adiponectin concentrations characterize women with previous GDM independently of the prevailing insulin sensitivity or the degree of obesity and are associated with subclinical inflammation and atherogenic parameters.
Insulin resistance syndrome; Insulin resistance can be linked to diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, cardiovascular disease and other abnormalities. These abnormalities constitute the insulin resistance syndrome. Because resistance usually develops long before these diseases appear, identifying and treating insulin-resistant patients has potentially great preventive value. Insulin resistance should be suspected in patients with a history of diabetes in first-degree relatives; patients with a personal history of gestational diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome or impaired glucose tolerance; and obese patients, particularly those with abdominal obesity. Present treatment consists of sensible lifestyle changes, including weight loss to attain healthy body weight, 30 minutes of accumulated moderate-intensity physical activity per day and increased dietary fiber intake. Pharmacotherapy is not currently recommended for patients with isolated insulin resistance.
Liver-fat accumulation and insulin resistance in obese women with previous gestational diabetes; Objective: We determined whether fat accumulation in the liver is associated with features of insulin resistance independent of obesity. Research Methods and Procedures: We recruited 27 obese nondiabetic women in whom liver fat (LFAT) content was determined by proton spectroscopy, intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat by magnetic resonance imaging, and insulin sensitivity by the euglycemic insulin clamp technique. The women were divided based on their median LFAT content (5%) to groups with low (3.2 ± 0.3%) and high (9.8 ± 1.5%) liver fat. The groups were almost identical with respect to age (36 ± 1 vs. 38 ± 1 years in low vs. high-LFAT), body mass index (32.2 ± 0.6 vs. 32.8 ± 0.5 kg/m2), waist-to-hip ratio, intra-abdominal, subcutaneous, and total fat content. Results: Women with high LFAT had features of insulin resistance including higher fasting serum triglyceride (1.93 ± 0.21 vs. 1.11 ± 0.09 mM, p < 0.01) and insulin (14 ± 3 vs. 10 ± 1 mU/L, p < 0.05) concentrations than women with low LFAT. The group with high LFAT also had higher 24-hour blood pressures, and lower whole-body insulin sensitivity compared with the low-LFAT group. Discussion: In obese women with previous gestational diabetes, LFAT, rather than any measure of body composition, is associated with features of insulin resistance.
Prenatal diagnosis of congenital heart disease. Critical evaluation of a twelve-month experience.; INTRODUCTION: A retrospective study of fetal echocardiographies performed in the Ultrasound Unit of the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology between January and December 1998 was carried out. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We performed 271 fetal echocardiographies (236 fetuses; 230 pregnant women). A triplex ultrasound machine was used with a 5 or 3.5 MHz transabdominal probe. RESULTS: The median maternal age was 31 years (17-44) and the median gestational age at the time of the first examination was 27 weeks (15-38). A hundred and thirty-two pregnant women (57.4%) were internal referrals and (98) 42.6% were referred by other hospitals. The most common indications for referral were maternal age > or = 35 years old (n = 48), gestational diabetes (n = 38), family history of congenital heart disease (n = 24) and insulin-dependent diabetes (n = 23). Accuracy of 32 echocardiographies was limited by technical difficulties. Out of 236 fetuses, 205 (86.9%) presented a normal scan, whereas 31 (13.1%) showed some abnormality: 22 structural cardiac defects; 5 rhythm anomalies and one with a mixed abnormality. In three cases a pericardial effusion was detected in the absence of any structural or rhythm anomaly and regressed spontaneously after birth. Three fetuses were referred prenatally for treatment to another center. Eight out of fifteen patients followed in the Pediatric Cardiology outpatient clinic were submitted to surgical treatment. In four cases the parents opted for termination of pregnancy and two neonatal deaths occurred. Four patients were lost for follow-up. DISCUSSION: Our study suggests that strict criteria for a referral of pregnant women to specialized fetal echocardiography are still missing. The median gestational age of 27 weeks at the time of the first examination was clearly out of the generally accepted recommended period (18-24 weeks). It is time to improve the collaboration between the different health professionals involved in the care of pregnant women in order to increase the sensitivity of screening for congenital heart disease.
Insulin resistance syndrome in women with prior history of gestational diabetes mellitus; The purpose of this study was to determine the prevalence of insulin resistance syndrome (IRS) and the risk factors for developing IRS among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), compared with controls over 11 post-delivery years. Assessments of 106 women with a prior history of GDM and 101 controls were done on six occasions from 4-11 yr after delivery. Tests included glucose, insulin, lipids, blood pressure, and body measurements. The risk of IRS was analyzed by Cox regression. The results were that 27.2% of GDM and 8.2% of controls developed IRS by 11 yr after delivery. The hazard of developing IRS was 5.6 times (95% confidence interval = 2.6-12.3) among women with prepregnant obesity (body mass index >27.3 kg/m2), compared with women without prepregnant obesity and 4.4 times (95% confidence interval = 1.7-11.1) in women with a history of GDM, compared with controls. At 11 yr after delivery, the cumulative hazard for developing IRS in the next 2 yr was 26 times higher among GDM with prepregnant obesity, compared with controls without prepregnant obesity. We concluded that obesity and GDM in a prior pregnancy are significant risk factors for developing IRS over time. Early detection of markers of IRS is vital for possible prevention of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular adverse events in women.
Hormonal choices after gestational diabetes: Subsequent pregnancy, contraception, and hormone replacement; The effects of subsequent states of excess hormone exposure, for example, subsequent pregnancy, hormonal contraception, and hormonal replacement therapy, on the development of diabetes in women with prior gestational diabetes were assessed. Current literature examining the effect of parity, hormonal contraception, and hormonal replacement therapy in healthy women and women with previous gestational diabetes and current diabetes was reviewed. Subsequent pregnancy in women with prior GDM appears to triple the risk of subsequent diabetes. Low-dose progestin and estrogen combination oral contraceptives do not appear to clinically increase the risk of diabetes. Hormonal replacement therapy appears to provide the greatest reduction in coronary artery disease to women at greatest risk, i.e., those who have developed diabetes. Careful follow-up and metabolic surveillance should be provided when prescribing hormonal contraception or replacement therapy. In women with prior gestational diabetes, exposure to repeat pregnancy poses a greater risk for subsequent diabetes than does either an exposure to low-dose progestin and estrogen combination oral contraceptives or to postmenopausal hormonal therapy, both of which do not appear to increase the risk of diabetes.
Impact of an integrated approach to diabetes care at the Rumbalara Aboriginal Health Service; Aims: To describe the effectiveness of an integrated primary-secondary care diabetes clinic on metabolic control among indigenous patients in a rural community Methods: A retrospective audit of attendance to the clinic over 2 years (2 August 1999 to 31 August 2001). The service included a weekly specialist diabetes clinic integrated with the primary care team at the Rumbalara Aboriginal Health Service, Mooroopna, Victoria, Australia. Between clinics, follow up was provided by the Aboriginal health worker and other members of the integrated care team. Of the 47 patients seen, 20 had an HbA1c persistently ≥9.0% (of 21 patients identified in the community) and seven had gestational diabetes. Results: Among 40 patients without gestational diabetes, microalbuminuria or proteinuria were present in 62%, retinopathy was present in 50%, neuropathy was present in 50% and at least one past cardiac or vascular event/ surgical procedure had occurred in 25%. Of these, the 30 patients seen more than once increased their self glucose monitoring (baseline (53.3%) vs. last visit (90%); P = 0.003) and reduced their HbA1c (10.4 ± 2.2% vs. 7.9 ± 1.9%; P < 0.001), systolic blood pressure (138 ± 20 vs. 127 ± 18 mmHg; P = 0.003) and diastolic blood pressure (78 ± 11 vs. 73 ± 12 mmHg; P = 0.037) and total cholesterol (6.1 ± 1.7 vs. 5.1 ± 1.6 mmol/L; P = 0.002), but not their weight, smoking or triglycerides. Conclusion: The introduction of an integrated diabetes care service in an Aboriginal health service can overcome many of the pre-existing barriers to achieving metabolic targets. Poor metabolic control in Aboriginal patients is often due to lack of resources and inappropriateness of approach, rather than 'compliance'.
A scientific review: The role of chromium in insulin resistance; Chromium is an essential mineral that appears to have a beneficial role in the regulation of insulin action and its effects on carbohydrate, protein and lipid metabolism. Chromium is an important factor for enhancing insulin activity. Studies show that people with type 2 diabetes have lower blood levels of chromium than those without the disease. Insulin resistance is the common denominator in a cluster of cardiovascular disease risk factors. One out of every five Americans has metabolic syndrome. It affects 40% of people in their 60s and 70s. Insulin resistance, with or without the presence of metabolic syndrome, significantly increases the risk of cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance is present in two serious health problems in women; polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) and gestational diabetes. Several studies have now demonstrated that chromium supplements enhance the metabolic action of insulin and lower some of the risk factors for cardiovascular disease, particularly in overweight individuals. Chromium picolinate, specifically, has been shown to reduce insulin resistance and to help reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Dietary chromium is poorly absorbed. Chromium levels decrease with age. Supplements containing 200-1,000 mcg chromium as chromium picolinate a day have been found to improve blood glucose control. Chromium picolinate is the most efficacious form of chromium supplementation. Numerous animal studies and human clinical trials have demonstrated that chromium picolinate supplements are safe.
Acute metabolic complications in diabetic patients during pregnancy; Hypoglycemia is the most common acute complication of diabetes (10% with recurrent episodes) and it's defined by a decrease in plasma glucose concentration (below 45-50 mg/dl) that determines the presence of symptoms that will disappear with the plasma glucose levels normalization. This complication is more common in the pregnant woman with type 1 diabetes due to intensive insulin treatment and counter regulation impairment. At this moment, the management of type 1 diabetes during pregnancy requires a very accurate plasma glucose concentration control before conception and during pregnancy; physician must prescribe intensive insulin treatment that may result in frequent and serious hypoglycemia episodes. Hypoglycemia can appear with non-specific symptoms, like many other clinical conditions and diseases, but generally, we can classify them in two groups: adrenergic symptoms and neuroglucopenic symptoms. There are several therapeutic approaches on hypoglycemia episodes, depending on their severity. On the other hand, hyperglycemic ketotic complications, especially diabetic ketoacidosis are metabolic emergencies that may lead to fetal or mother decease. Diabetic ketoacidosis is a severe metabolic complication with a very high morbility and mortality on mother and fetal. It typically appears in type 1 diabetic patients, but it can also appear in type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes during stress situations or infections. This complication has dramatically decreased in recent years, due to the accurate control of diabetes during pregnancy.
The epidemiology of polycystic ovary syndrome: Prevalence and associated disease risks; Polycystic ovary syndrome is a common problem affecting approximately 5% of women of reproductive age when defined by clinical features of anovulation and hyperandrogenism. Metabolic derangements associated with this condition may predispose to a range of diseases with attendant morbidity and mortality risks. In general, available data support significantly increased rates of type II diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, and endometrial cancer in PCOS that are not completely explained by obesity; data also suggest that rates of hypertension, gestational diabetes, and pregnancy-induced hypertension may likewise be increased, although the extent to which obesity mediates these risks is not clear. The increased prevalence of several cardiovascular risk factors in PCOS and limited cross-sectional data suggest that cardiovascular disease should be more likely in PCOS, but prospective data are lacking to confirm this supposition. Limited data have suggested an association between PCOS and ovarian cancer risk and require further study. The present data do not support an increased risk for breast cancer in this condition. Long-term prospective data are clearly needed to better delineate the nature and magnitude of disease risks associated with PCOS, with appropriate adjustment for associated obesity. Such information is a necessary background for understanding the role of established and emerging PCOS therapies, including oral contraceptives, intermittent progesterone, ovulation induction agents, and insulin sensitizers, in modifying such risks. In the meantime, close follow-up of women with PCOS and encouragement of lifestyle practices likely to reduce disease risks, such as regular exercise and weight control, should be standard practice.
Insulin therapy - Role beyond glucose control; Larger studies had shown improved patient outcome and lower probability of coronary artery disease in insulin treated groups. The classical lipid abnormalities associated with type 2 diabetes are low HDL-cholesterol concentration and high triglyceride concentration. Insulin usage leads to a decrease in triglyceride concentration, primarily by its effect on the enzyme adipose tissue lipoprotein lipase. Insulin suppresses the enzyme, thereby controlling lipolysis in uncontrolled diabetes. Insulins therapy also improves the endothelial dysfunction especially in people with evident macrovascular complications. Though insulin is noted to increase adrenergic tone and may cause elevation of blood pressure, still patients with insulinoma do not have high blood pressure. Some studies suggest weight gain with insulin therapy, others contradict it. One study suggests that insulin does not affect treatment satisfaction. Insulin is known to improve the glycaemic scenario and also the insulin secretory pattern by reducing the glucotoxicity.
Obstetric outcomes in 102 pregnancies after preimplantation genetic diagnosis; OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine whether preimplantation genetic diagnosis is associated with particular pregnancy or delivery complications. STUDY DESIGN: A total of 102 consecutive pregnancies after preimplantation genetic diagnosis by polar body removal performed at Illinois Masonic Medical Center resulting in 114 live births were analyzed. All patients were given a delivery and newborn questionnaire, and attempts were made to contact and question them regarding any pregnancy complications and type of delivery. Permission was obtained to examine medical records and discuss the patient's pregnancy with her obstetrician when questions existed with respect to complications or indication for cesarean delivery. RESULTS: Delivery and newborn questionnaires were completed or telephone contact was achieved for 100 of the 102 pregnancies. There were 85 singleton, 9 twin, and 7 triplet pregnancies. Of the 7 triplet gestations, 3 couples elected multifetal pregnancy reduction to twins and healthy triplets were born to 4 couples between 32 and 36 weeks by cesarean delivery. Of the 80 singleton deliveries, 60 (75%) progressed to term. Of these 60 term singleton deliveries, 34 were vaginal, 23 were cesarean (40%), and 3 delivery types were unknown. The incidence of small-for-gestational-age infants was 3% for neonates in the 60 term singleton deliveries and 7% in the entire cohort of 80 singleton deliveries. Only 3 pregnancy complications (other than premature delivery) were reported more than once. There were 3 instances each of gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, and pregnancy-induced hypertension. There was 1 case each of HELLP (hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets) syndrome, congestive heart failure, mild oligohydramnios, and abruptio placentae. The indications for cesarean delivery were (in descending order) failure of labor to progress (n = 7), fetal distress (n = 4), placenta previa (n = 4), elective repeat cesarean delivery (n = 4), triplets (n = 3), uterine scarring (n = 3), 1 twin in the breech position (n = 3), failed forceps delivery (n = 2), and a variety of other indications that occurred in only 1 patient each. All preimplantation genetic diagnoses were confirmed by prenatal or postnatal testing. No diagnostic errors were made in this cohort of patients or in any patients undergoing preimplantation genetic diagnosis having polar body removal in our center. CONCLUSIONS: Preimplantation genetic diagnosis is associated with a risk of multiple gestations, cesarean delivery, and placenta previa. Cesarean delivery rates and multiple gestation rates are comparable to those of patients undergoing in vitro fertilization in general. The preimplantation genetic diagnosis itself does not seem to cause an increased risk for any particular pregnancy complication, with the possible exception of placenta previa, which was seen in 4% of patients.
Association between Gestational Diabetes and Pregnancy-induced Hypertension; Gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension are common, and their relation is not well understood. The authors conducted a population-based case-control study using 1992-1998 Washington State birth certificate and hospital discharge records to investigate this relation. Consecutive cases of pregnancy-induced hypertension were divided into four groups based on International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision codes: eclampsia (n = 154), severe preeclampsia (n = 1,180), mild preeclampsia (n = 5,468), and gestational hypertension (n = 8,943). Cases were compared with controls who did not have pregnancy-induced hypertension (n = 47,237). Gestational diabetes was more common in each case group (3.9% in eclamptics, 4.5% in severe preeclamptics, and 4.4% in both mild preeclamptics and those with gestational hypertension) than in controls (2.7%). After adjustment for body mass index, age, ethnicity, parity, and prenatal care, gestational diabetes was associated with increased risk of severe preeclampsia (odds ratio (OR) = 1.5, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.1, 2.1), mild preeclampsia (OR = 1.5, 95% CI: 1.3, 1.8), and gestational hypertension (OR = 1.4, 95% CI: 1.2, 1.6). Gestational diabetes was more strongly associated with pregnancy-induced hypertension among women who received less prenatal care (OR = 4.2 for eclampsia and OR = 3.1 for severe preeclampsia, p < 0.05 for both) and among Black women (OR for eclampsia and preeclampsia together = 3.9, p < 0.05).
Diabetes and women; Most information about diabetes pertains both to women and men, with diabetes during pregnancy the obvious exception. This review emphasizes recently published studies and practice guidelines. Most studies cited include enough female subjects to warrant applying the conclusions to women.
Active induction management of labor for diabetic pregnancies at term; mode of delivery and fetal outcome - A single center experience;                              Objectives: To evaluate the mode of delivery in diabetic pregnancies at term following induction of labor with vaginal application of prostaglandin E2 (PGE2), and to identify possible predictors of successful vaginal delivery. Patients and methods: The study group consisted of 105 women with diabetic pregnancies at term admitted for induction of labor; 84 (80%) had gestational diabetes (GDM) and 21 (20%) type 1 diabetes. Findings were compared with women who underwent elective induction of labor (n=115), and women with normal spontaneous onset of labor (n=510). Women with previous cesarean section (CS) were excluded from both study and control groups. Results: Maternal age and gravidity were significantly higher in the study group than the control groups (age: 31.4±5, 28±5.0 and 28.1±4.8 years, respectively; gravidity: 3.0±1.9, 2.5±1.6, and 2.1±1.4, respectively; P<0.001 for both) and gestational age and nulliparity rate were significantly lower (gestational age: 38.6±1.1, 40.2±1.3 and 39.3±2.7 weeks, respectively; nulliparity: 34.6, 45.2, 51.6%, respectively; P<0.002 for both). There were no between-group differences in the incidence of oligohydramnios, number of PGE2 applications used, birth weight, rate of non-reassuring fetal heart rate pattern leading to CS, and rate of low 5 min Apgar score (<7). The rate of CS in the study group (18.2%) was significantly higher than in the spontaneous labor group (9%) but similar to the elective induction group (14.8%). On stepwise analysis, only nulliparity (OR 4.56, 95% CI 1.11-18.67, P=0.035) was independently and significantly associated with increased risk of CS. Within the study group (R                             2                             =0.257, P=0.002), type 1 diabetes (OR 2.4, 95% CI 1.04-5.51) was independently and significantly associated with increased risk of CS. Conclusion: In diabetic pregnancies, induction of labor at term with vaginal PGE2 is successful in approximately 82% of patients, but yields a significantly higher CS rate compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. Nulliparity and diagnosis of type 1 diabetes are independently and significantly associated with increased risk of CS. Condensation: In diabetic pregnancies, induction of labor at term is successful in 82% of patients, but yields higher CS rates compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. © 2003 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Endothelial function, type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease; a clinical perpective; Macrovascular disease is the major cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes. Endothelium not only serves as a barrier between the lumen and vessel wall, but also secretes several vasoactive substances. Injury to endothelium plays a critical role in the development of atherosclerosis, a process which occurs prematurely and at an accelerated rate in patients with diabetes. Endothelial dysfunction has been demonstrated in patients with insulin resistance, "prediabetic individuals (i.e. subjects who subsequently became diabetic and in women with a previous history of gestational diabetes), patients with overt type 2 diabetes independent of obesity, as well as in patients with hyperlipidemia and hypertension. Several drugs associated with lowering cardiovascular risk, such as statins and ACE inhibitors have been shown to improve endothelial function and may exert their beneficial effects through their effects on the endothelium. © 2006 - International Journal of Diabetes in Developing Countries.
Plasma cell membrane glycoprotein 1 (PC-1): A marker of insulin resistance in obesity, uremia and diabetes mellitus; Insulin resistance is a characteristic feature of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus, but it is also present in up to 25% of healthy nonobese individuals. The molecular mechanisms causing insulin resistance are not yet fully understood. Recently, overexpression of several potential inhibitors of the insulin receptor tyrosine-kinase activity, a key step in insulin signaling, has been described in insulin-resistant subjects. PC-1 is expressed in many tissues and inhibits insulin signaling either at the level of the insulin receptor or downstream at a postreceptor site. An elevated PC-1 content in insulin target tissues may play an important role in the development of insulin resistance in obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus. A polymorphism in PC-1 has been demonstrated to be associated with insulin resistance. This was a DNA polymorphism in exon 4 that causes an amino acid change from lysine to glutamine at codon 121 (K121Q). PC-1 121Q allele might predispose independently of other well established risk factors for early myocardial infarction. Testing for the PC-1 K121Q polymorphism might be valuable in patients with a family history of atherosclerotic vascular disease and myocardial infarction. There is growing evidence that genetic factors play an important role in the development of diabetic nephropathy (DN). Efforts to identify these factors rely primarily on the candidate gene approach; candidate genes for insulin resistance may be considered candidates for DN as well. In a stratified analysis according to duration of diabetes, the risk of early-onset end-stage renal disease (ESRD) for carriers of the Q variant was 2.3 times that for noncarriers. The cellular mechanisms for the insulin resistance of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are unknown. Women with GDM have an increased PC-1 content and excessive phosphorylation of serine/threonine residues in muscle insulin receptors. The postreceptor defects in insulin signaling may contribute to the pathogenesis of GDM and the increased risk for type 2 diabetes later in life. Although widely explored, the true cause of insulin resistance in uremic patients is not entirely elucidated yet. During the last decade it was found that erythropoietin (EPO) therapy, used for correction of anemia in patients with end stage renal failure, ameliorates insulin resistance. An increased lymphocyte PC-1 activity over control was found in hemodialysis patients. A two-month EPO therapy significantly decreased PC-1 activity to the control values, suggesting that an effect on PC-1 expression could be implicated in the amelioration of insulin resistance in uremic patients treated with EPO. Current investigations implicate that therapeutic modification of PC-1 expression would be of great benefit for insulin-resistant type 2 diabetics. Metformin, a biguanide oral antidiabetic agent, was shown to affect insulin resistance by decreasing enzymatic activity of overexpressed PC-1 molecules in obese type 2 diabetics. Thiazolidinedione (TZD) insulin-sensitizing drugs are a class of compounds that improve insulin action in vivo. Treatment of patients with TZDs seems to have a beneficial effect on most, if not all, components of metabolic syndrome. TZDs have also been used in the treatment of nondiabetic human insulin-resistant states, and have demonstrated an improvement in insulin sensitivity. Although much remains to be learned about PPAR γ receptor and TZD action, the advent of TZD insulin-sensitizing agents has an enormous impact on our understanding of insulin resistance. The great potential of insulin resistance therapy illuminated by the TZDs will continue to catalyze research in this area directed toward the discovery of new insulin-sensitizing agents that work through other mechanisms.
Inpatient management of diabetes: Survey in a tertiary care centre; Aims: Good glycaemic control in hospitalised patients with diabetes mellitus improves wellbeing and aids recovery. This survey aimed to: (1) assess glycaemic control in patients with diabetes admitted to hospital for reasons other than diabetes, (2) compare the glycaemic control in patients treated in medical and surgical units, and (3) see the impact of specialists' input on glycaemic control. Methods: The first 150 patients admitted to hospital were identified; those with acute metabolic complications of diabetes mellitus, acute myocardial infarction, pregestational or gestational diabetes, and patients in different intensive care units were excluded. Case notes were reviewed with particular attention to glycaemic control, frequency of blood monitoring, complications, and the actions taken to improve glycaemic control. Results: Four of the 150 patients died in hospital. When subcutaneous insulin was used glycaemic control was good in 48%, suboptimal in 15%, and poor in 37% of patients. The results were not significantly different with subcutaneous or intravenous insulin. There was also no difference in glycaemic control among medical and surgical patients. Patients managed by designated specialists had better control than those managed by physicians (p<0.001). Hypoglycaemia was documented in 20% and two patients developed non-ketotic hyperosmolar coma while in hospital. In a few cases treatment at discharge was not changed despite poor control while in hospital. Conclusion: More attention should be given to improving glycaemic control in patients hospitalised for reasons other than diabetes. Particular care should be taken to modify the dose of insulin needed to get good glycaemic control; control was better with specialists' input. A follow up survey will be conducted.
In-patient management of diabetes mellitus and patient satisfaction; Aims: To devise a system for assessing in-patient glycaemic control and care satisfaction in diabetic patients admitted to hospital for reasons other than their diabetes. Methods: Consecutive January to March 2001 case-notes were reviewed. Admissions with acute metabolic complications, acute myocardial infarction and pregestational or gestational diabetes were excluded. Glycaemic control, frequency of blood monitoring and management of hyperglycaemia were recorded. The diabetes treatment satisfaction questionnaire was used to assess preadmission satisfaction with care. Post-admission a 12-stem questionnaire was used to assess satisfaction with in-patient diabetes management. Results: Hypoglycaemia was common. Although none developed a hyperglycaemic emergency, high blood glucose was prevalent and, frequently, persistent hyperglycaemia or recurrent hypoglycaemia was not acted on appropriately. The overall score for in-patient satisfaction with treatment was fair (4.1 ± 1.8 on a six-point scale; 6 = very satisfied and 1 = very dissatisfied). Scores were higher among patients on surgical wards than on medical wards (P = 0.008), but satisfaction did not vary when patients were stratified according to sex, age and mode of treatment. Conclusion: Current systems are not achieving satisfactory in-patient glycaemic control and there is poor satisfaction with medical in-patient diabetes care. Following changes intended to produce improvements, this assessment system can be used recurrently to monitor in-patient care and satisfaction.
Insulin resistance and metformin in polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a heterogeneous disorder with widespread systemic manifestations affecting 5-10% of women of reproductive age. The accompanying insulin resistance and hypeinsulinemia mark this syndrome as a prediabetic state, with high incidence of impaired glucose tolerance, gestational diabetes, and overt diabetes. Other metabolic and biochemical changes, such as hypertension and dyslipidemia, increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. Fertility may also be impaired due to anovulation, impaired implantation, and higher rates of spontaneous abortions. All of these effects may also be related to hyperinsulinemia. Metformin, as insulin-sensitizing drug, is being evaluated for its potential long-term disease-modifying effect, such as prevention of diabetes. Its use may also help restore spontaneous ovulation and improve menstrual cyclicity, improve the success rate of induction of ovulation with clomiphene citrate and FSH, and decrease the high rate of ovarian hyperstimulation and early pregnancy loss. Nevertheless, these new exiting potential benefits of metformin should be evaluated in large randomized controlled studies, and clinicians must counsel women appropriately before the initiation of metformin therapy. © 2004 Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Do pregnancy complications and CVD share common antecedents?; Considerable data link low birth weight, due to intrauterine growth restriction, to increased offspring risk of vascular disease in later adult life. This is considered to be the result, in part, of programming through fetal nutrition [Ref 1: Am. J. Clin. Nutr. 71 (2000) 1344S]. These data support the hypothesis that pregnancy outcome in terms of birth weight is linked to the infant's subsequent health. In contrast, much less attention has been focused on the relationship between adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, pre-term delivery and intrauterine growth restriction, and the mother's subsequent health. Interesting data have accumulated linking the maternal vascular, metabolic and inflammatory complications of pregnancy to an increased risk of vascular disease in later life (Table 1). This paper reviews the emerging evidence to support this fascinating concept, addresses potential mechanisms and discusses potential clinical implications. © 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Altered placental oxidative stress status in gestational diabetes mellitus; Oxidative stress has been clearly linked to type 2 diabetes mellitus, however, limited data are available on the involvement of oxidative stress in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a disease of similar pathophysiology. The aim of this study was to investigate the status of placental oxidative stress in healthy pregnant women and women with GDM. The hypothesis to be tested was that tissue markers of oxidative stress are significantly increased in GDM compared to normal placental tissues. Markers of oxidative stress measured were the release of 8-isoprostane (8-epi-prostaglandin F2α) from human term placental explants (n=11), the activity of the antioxidant enzymes superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase (n=10), and protein carbonyl content (n=12). Placental release of 8-isoprostane was 2-fold greater from women with GDM (P<0.001) compared to healthy pregnant women. Superoxide dismutase activity and protein carbonyl content were elevated in placentae obtained from women with GDM (P<0.04 and P<0.004 respectively), whilst there was no significant difference in the activity of glutathione peroxidase. These data demonstrate the presence of oxidative stress in the placenta from women with GDM, in addition to the induction of a key antioxidant, collectively indicating a state of existing oxidative stress in this condition. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Computerized analysis of fetal heart rate indices during oral glucose tolerance test; Aims: To study the effect of maternal glucose ingestion during a 100 g oral glucose tolerance test on fetal heart rate indices. Study design: Prospective study including 50 pregnant patients with an abnormal glucose challenge test who underwent a 100 g glucose tolerance test at 26-28 weeks gestation. Fetal heart rate was recorded and analyzed with the computerized Sonicaid Fetal Monitor System (Oxford 8000). Results: Baseline fetal heart rate significantly increased 120 and 180 minutes following glucose ingestion (p < 0.05) both in patients who were subsequently diagnosed to have gestational diabetes and in these in whom the diagnosis was excluded. No significant changes were noted in other fetal heart indices. Conclusions: The significant and consistent increase in baseline fetal heart rate following maternal glucose ingestion indicates that the fetus responds to changes in its' environment. The exact mechanism which causes this response has yet to be defined.
In utero artero-venous thrombosis: Case report; Limb vascular thrombosis is a severe, rare entity, often needing invasive surgery and sometimes leading to loss of function. An infant with in utero artero-venous thrombosis is reported. Case report: The baby, a female infant, was born at 34 weeks from a malher affected by gestational diabetes. She was referred to Neonatal Care Unit because of mild respiratory distress syndrome. She had no malformations. Spontaneous-acute ischemia of right upper limb was noticed soon after admission: the limb appeared pale, cold, atonic and areflexic; no signs were noticed on it. Axillary arthery and vein thromboses were soon confirmed by ultrasonography and arteriography. Intravenous administration of recombinant tissue plasminogen activator was carried on for 36 hours'and followed by heparin and antithrombine III administration. Partial revascularization was obtained after a few hours: at the beginning of the treatment the limb became cyanotic, then edematous and finally the normal colour appeared everywhere but in the hand, was it became visible after a few days, when edema was reabsorbed. No recurrence of thrombosis occurred with heparin prophylaxis. Pain was treated with analgesic therapy, and motor impairement required physiotherapy. The doppler. ultrasonographies which were performed subsequently confirmed a complete revascularization of axillary artery and vein. Coagulation and metabolic parameters (clotting tests, protein C, protein S, prothrombine, aminoacids) were studied but disorders predisposing to thrombosis were not found both in the patient and in her parents. Conclusion: Early identification of limb vascular thrombosis through external symptoms is very important, as it can avoid invasive surgical procedures.
Heart failure as a result of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in diabetic fetopathy; Diabetic fetopathy is still a common clinical problem correlated with a high morbidity of the neonate. These children are often macrosome, suffer from respiratory distress syndrome due to delayed lung maturity, acidosis, hypoglycaemia, electrolyte-imbalances and polycythaemia. We describe a male neonate with diabetic fetopathy as a result of gestational diabetes of the mother. In addition to the symptoms described above, our patient clinically presented with severe hypertrophy of the right ventricle associated with intrauterine heart failure. The boy was born with serious prenatal asphyxia which made initial neonatal intensive care treatment necessary. The hypertrophic cardiomyopathy normalized within 6 weeks after birth without further treatment. Different causes of a hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (infections, metabolic disorders, neurologic affections, syndromes) could be ruled out, so that the diabetic fetopathy was the most probable cause for the condition. If we are looking at the heart only, this case-report suggests a good prognosis of septumhypertrophy as well as right ventricular hypertrophy in patients with diabetic fetopathy. The case also elucidates that not only the diabetes type I can entail serious fetal damage but also gestational diabetes can. Therefore, in suspect mothers screening for gestational diabetes should be expanded to oral glucose tolerance testing.
Treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome with insulin-lowering agents; Early diagnosis and therapy of the underlying insulin resistance of heritable polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), often manifested at menarche, facilitate the reduction and/or reversal of the reproductive and metabolic morbidity of PCOS, as well as reduce the risk factors for cardiovascular disease. PCOS is characterised by oligoamenorrhoea, clinical and biochemical hyperandrogenism, infertility, recurrent miscarriage, insulin resistance, hyperinsulinaemia, gestational diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance, Type 2 diabetes, morbid obesity, hypertension, hypofibrinolysis, hypertriglyceridaemia, low levels of high density lipoprotein-cholesterol and a sevenfold risk increase in cardiovascular disease. Insulin sensitising-lowering agents reduce insulin resistance and hyperinsulinaemia, reverse PCOS endocrinopathy and ameliorate the reproductive, metabolic and cardiovascular morbidity of the disorder. The largest literature on the subject discusses metformin. Improved pregnancy outcomes in women with PCOS receiving metformin may be attributed to its ability to reduce insulin resistance, hyperinsulinaemia and hypofibrinolytic plasminogen activator inhibitor activity by the enhancement of folliculogenesis and improvement of oocyte quality.
Hypoadiponectinaemia in South Asian women during pregnancy: Evidence of ethnic variation in adiponectin concentration; Aims: People of South Asian descent face an increased risk of Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and coronary artery disease (CAD) compared with other ethnic groups. One candidate factor underlying this risk may be adiponectin, as circulating levels of this adipocyte-derived protein are reduced in both Type 2 DM and CAD. In a recent study, we assessed the relationship between adiponectin and gestational diabetes (GDM), a potential model of early events in the natural history of Type 2 DM. Here, we report the impact of ethnicity on plasma adiponectin concentration in that study. Methods: A cross-sectional study was performed in 180 women undergoing oral glucose tolerance testing in late second or early third trimester to investigate the relationship between adiponectin and glucose tolerance in pregnancy. Based on self-reported ethnicity, participants were stratified into three groups: (i) Caucasian (n = 116), (ii) South Asian (n = 31), and (iii) Asian (n = 28). Results: Median adiponectin concentration was much lower in the South Asian group (9.7 μg/ml) than in Caucasians (15.8 μg/ml) or Asians (16.1 μg/ml) (overall P < 0.0001). With adjustment for age, prepregnancy body mass index, weight gain in pregnancy, previous history of GDM, family history of DM, fasting insulin and glucose intolerance, mean adiponectin remained significantly lower among South Asians compared with either Caucasians (P < 0.0001) or Asians (P = 0.0034). Conclusions: Women of South Asian descent exhibit significantly reduced plasma concentrations of adiponectin in pregnancy compared with Caucasian and Asian counterparts. This observation raises the possibility of hypoadiponectinaemia as a potential factor contributing to the increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in South Asians.
Impaired fasting glucose and impaired glucose tolerance in women with prior gestational diabetes are associated with a different cardiovascular profile; OBJECTIVE - The purpose of this study was to investigate the association of cardiovascular risk factors to impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and to impaired fasting glucose (IFG) in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We studied 838 women with prior GDM. Postpartum glucose tolerance status was classified as normal, IFG, IGT, IFG plus IGT, and diabetes according to the World Health Organization criteria. Postpartum BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, triglyceride, cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol were assessed. RESULTS - BMI and blood pressure were significantly higher in women with IFG than in women with normal glucose status. BMI and waist circumference were significantly higher in women with IFG plus IGT than in women with normal glucose status. No differences were observed between women with IGT and normal glucose status. The prevalence of hypertension and obesity was significantly increased in IFG compared with normal glucose status. The prevalence of obesity and abnormal lipids was significantly increased in IFG plus IGT compared with normal glucose status. IGT showed no increased prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors. CONCLUSIONS - Traditional cardiovascular risk factors have a stronger association with isolated IFG than with isolated IGT in women with prior GDM.
Isolated neonatal ductus arteriosus aneurysm; OBJECTIVES: A prospective study was performed to evaluate the incidence, clinical manifestations and outcome of ductus arteriosus aneurysm (DAA) in fun-term neonates. BACKGROUND: Ductus arteriosus aneurysm has been considered to be a rare congenital lesion and a potentially fatal abnormality. METHODS: A total of 548 full-term neonates received echocardiographic screening. RESULTS: There were 48 (8.8%) patients (28 boys and 20 girls) with DAA detected by echocardiography. The maximal diameter of the DAA ranged from 6.5 to 11.2 mm (8.2 ± 1.2 mm). All cases were asymptomatic. There were no significant differences in gender, gestational age, maternal age or Apgar score between the newborns with or without DAA. Newborns with DAA had a higher birth body weight, higher incidence of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and more mothers with blood group A, compared with newborns without DAA (p < 0.05). Follow-up echocardiograms showed spontaneous closure of the ductus arteriosus in all patients except those without DAA. The DAA became progressively smaller after ductal closure in 33 patients (70.2%) and completely disappeared by 7 to 35 days of life. The other 14 patients (29.8%) with DAA had echocardiographic evidence of progressive formation of thrombi between the third and tenth day of life. The DAA and thrombi spontaneously disappeared in all patients by one month after birth. CONCLUSIONS: There is a higher incidence of DAA with a good outcome in our series compared with previous reports. We speculate that the presence of DAA may be a normal variant of the ductal bump and part of a normal process of spontaneous ductal closure in full-term neonates. © 2002 by the American College of Cardiology.
Effects of prandial glycemic changes on objective fetal heart rate parameters; Background. There is confusion in the literature about the potential effect of maternal glucose levels on the fetal heart rate (FHR) cardiotocographic interpretation. Methods. Study design: prospective clinical descriptive study. Subjects: 21 pregnant women with diabetes mellitus, 23 women with gestational diabetes and 18 healthy non-diabetic pregnant volunteers (control group). Treatment: maternal capillary glucose measurement and objective FHR analysis (Oxford System 8002) pre- and 1 h post-meal. Statistical analysis: descriptive statistics, Student t-tests and Pearson correlation studies. Results. Maternal capillary glucose levels ranged between 2.7-10.5 mmol/l pre-meal and 4.2-14.8 mmol/l post-meal. The differences between objective FHR parameters pre- and post-meal were not significant in any of the groups of women studied. No correlation was found between prandial glycemic and FHR changes. Women with optimal and suboptimal glycemic control exhibited similar objective FHR parameters pre- and post-meal. Women with gestational diabetes showed similar prandial cardiotocographic changes irrespective of whether they were on insulin therapy or on hypoglycemic diet only. Conclusions. Objective FHR parameters are unaffected by prandial glycemic changes over a wide range of maternal glucose levels. Timing the non-stress test in relation to the meals seems irrelevant in clinical practice.
Glycemic control in the diabetic pregnancy: Is tighter always better?; Glucose is the principal nutrient that the mother supplies to the fetus through the placenta by way of concentration-dependent mechanisms. In the presence of maternal hypoglycemia, with limited glucose supply, fetal hypoglycemia and hypoinsulinism ensue. This may be viewed as an adaptive mechanism to increase the chances of fetal survival in the face of limited maternal supply, albeit of a growth-restricted fetus. Fetal nutrient deprivation and the resulting hypoinsulinism may have both short- and long-term consequences. Intrauterine growth failure is associated with higher rates of gestational age-specific neonatal mortality and with long-term cognitive deficits. Furthermore, epidemiologic data suggest that diabetes, coronary artery disease, and hypertension are more common among adults who were small for gestational age at birth. Thus, pancreatic failure in adulthood may be either a response to excessive exposure to glucose as a result of maternal hyperglycemia, or as a result of hypoglycemia where nutrient deprivation leads to fetal growth restriction and reduced islet cell proliferation. Because low mean concentrations of maternal glucose in gestational diabetes are associated with an increased risk of fetal growth restriction, overzealous glycemic control during pregnancy may raise concerns regarding the possible effects on the infant. In the mother with Type 1 diabetes, strict glycemic control is often associated with an increased incidence of severe hypoglycemia. Up to 40% of women report at least one episode of severe hypoglycemia during pregnancy, requiring assistance by another person or professional intervention. It is quite possible that in some patients striving to optimize pregnancy outcome by maintaining the best possible glycemic control jeopardizes the well-being of the mother and the fetus. Thus, with respect to tight glycemic control of pregnant women with diabetes, the question arises: How tight is too tight? Is there a threshold below which the trade-off in terms of maternal morbidity as well as fetal growth restriction and its consequences outweighs the benefits of preventing the effects of maternal hyperglycemia? © 2000 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Gender-specific health care in diabetes mellitus.; This article reviews information on health care issues of specific clinical relevance for women with diabetes mellitus (type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes mellitus), high-lighting several topics that require careful attention by the physician and the diabetes management team. Type 2 diabetes is more prevalent among women than men, making prevention and early detection particularly important in the treatment of women. Major areas of health care concern for women with diabetes include cardiovascular disease, mental health, infections, and contraception and fertility. Knowledge of lifespan issues from adolescence through menopause is crucial to the management of women with diabetes.
Hypertriglyceridemic pancreatitis and pregnancy; A 33-year-old secundipara with a history of gestational diabetes and familial hypertriglyceridemia exacerbated during her previous pregnancy was admitted in the 36th week of gestation with diffuse abdominal pain, vomiting, low-grade fever, and general malaise. A blood sample had a lipemic, milky-pink appearance and plasma concentrations were as follows: triglycerides 2173 mg/dL, cholesterol 320 mg/dL, amylase 801 U/L, lactate dehydrogenase 650 U/L, creatinine 1.5 mg/dL, glucose 380 mg/dL, and left-shifted white cells. Acute pancreatitis was diagnosed and owing to signs of fetal distress, a cesarean was performed under light general anesthesia with propofol, succinylcholine, and sevoflurane. After the umbilical cord was cut, rocoronium and fentanyl were administered. The neonate was healthy and the patient's condition evolved favorably with conservative treatment. The incidence of pancreatitis during pregnancy is low but related morbidity and mortality are high. The usual cause is biliary tract disease, although rare metabolic alterations such as hyperlipidemia may occasionally act as the trigger. Early diagnosis and treatment are the keys to successful surgery and postoperative recovery.
Obesity as an obstetric risk factor; Obesity-related metabolic and functional disorders may disturb adaptation process taking place in pregnant women body. Insufficient adaptation may lead to development of several medical complications during pregnancy, labor, delivery, and puerperium. Maternal obesity is associated with increased frequencies of hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, fetal macrosomia, congenital malformations, labor abnormalities (including prolonged second stage of labor, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, FHR abnormalities and shoulder dystocia), postdatism, and cesarean delivery. Operative complications among obese women undergoing cesarean delivery include increased blood loss, prolonged operative time, and increased rates of postoperative infection, thrombophlebitis. Treatment of these complications increases hospital stays and costs. Obese women should be carefully examined by dietetician before conception and cared for dietetically and medically during gestation.
Gender does matter in perinatal medicine; Objective: To investigate complications and outcome of pregnancies with male and female fetuses. Methods: A population-based study comparing all singleton deliveries between the years 1988 and 1999 was performed. We compared pregnancies with male vs. female fetuses. Patients with a previous cesarean section (CS) were excluded from the study. Statistical analyses with the Mantel-Haenszel technique and multiple logistic regression models were performed to control for confounders. Results: During the study period there were 55,891 deliveries of male and 53,104 deliveries of female neonates. Patients carrying male fetuses had higher rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (OR = 1.1; 95% CI 1.01-1.12; p = 0.012), fetal macrosomia (OR = 2.0; 95% CI 1.8-2.1; p < 0.001), failure to progress during the first and second stages of labor (OR = 1.2; 95% CI 1.1-1.3; p < 0.001 and OR = 1.4; 95% CI 1.3-1.5; p < 0.001, respectively), cord prolapse (OR = 1.3; 95% CI 1.1-1.6; p = 0.014), nuchal cord (OR = 1.2; 95% CI 1.1-1.2; p < 0.001) and true umbilical cord knots (OR = 1.5; 95% CI 1.3-1.7; p < 0.001). Higher rates of CS were found among male compared with female neonates (8.7 vs. 7.9%; OR = 1.1; 95% CI 1.06-1.16; p < 0.001). Using three multivariate logistic regression models and controlling for birth weight and gestational age, male gender was significantly associated with non-reassuring fetal heart rate patterns (OR = 1.5; 95% CI 1.4-1.6; p < 0.001), low Apgar scores at 5 min (OR = 1.5; 95% CI 1.3-1.8; p < 0.001) and CS (OR = 1.2; 95%CI 1.2-1.3; p < 0.001). Controlling for possible confounders like gestational diabetes, cord prolapse, failed induction, nonprogressive labor, fetal macrosomia, nuchal cord and true umbilical cord knots using the Mantel-Haenszel technique did not change the significant association between male gender and CS. Conclusion: Male gender is an independent risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcome. Copyright © 2004 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Long-term consequences for offspring of diabetes during pregnancy; There is evidence that the diabetic intra-uterine environment has consequences for later life. Maternal diabetes mainly results in asymmetric macrosomia. This macrosomia is associated with an increased insulin secretion and overstimulation of the insulin producing B-cells during fetal life. In later life, a reduced insulin secretion is found. Intra-uterine growth restriction is present in severe maternal diabetes associated with vasculopathy. Intra-uterine growth restriction is associated with low insulin secretion and reduced development of the insulin receptors. In later life, these alterations can induce insulin resistance. The longterm consequences of an abnormal intra-uterine environment are of primary importance world-wide. Concentrated efforts are needed to explore how these long-term effects can be prevented.
Polycystic ovarian syndrome. A form of the metabolic syndrome; Polycystic ovarian syndrome, with a prevalence of 5-10% the most common endocrinopathy in women of reproductive age, is more than a cosmetic or fertility problem. Due to its long-term consequences it poses a severe health problem. As insulin resistance is the core pathophysiology of PCOS it is associated with the metabolic syndrome (diabetes mellitus type II, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and atherosclerosis). The risk of myocardial infarction, stroke, or peripheral arterial occlusion is increased. In pregnant PCOS women the rate of spontaneous abortions as well as the risk of developing gestational diabetes is higher. In the treatment of PCOS the collaboration of gynecology and internal medicine is necessary. A change of lifestyle with healthy food and more physical exercise as well as the use of oral antidiabetic drugs are discussed.
Sialic acid content in erythrocyte membranes from pregnant women affected by gestational diabetes; Sialic acid (SA) content, membrane fluidity, and Na+/K+-adenosine triphosphatase (ATPase) activity were determined in erythrocyte membrane from 10 nonpregnant women (HNPW), 16 pregnant women affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and 25 healthy pregnant women (HPW). In GDM patients the membrane erythrocyte SA content was significantly increased compared with HNPW and membrane fluidity was significantly increased in comparison with HPW. Erythrocyte membrane Na+/K+-ATPase activity was significantly reduced in GDM patients compared both to HNPW and to HPW subjects. A significant inverse correlation was found between 1-(4-trimethylaminophenyl)-6-phenyl-1,3,5-hexatriene (TMA-DPH) anisotropy and erythrocyte membrane SA content in HNPW and in HPW, while this significant correlation was not observed in GDM. The present results indicate that in comparison with normal pregnancy GDM is characterized by deep alterations of the erythrocyte plasma membrane physicochemical properties (increased fluidity) and functional activities (reduced Na+/K+-ATPase activity). These modifications might be at the basis of the altered blood viscosity and placentral perfusion observed under such conditions. Moreover, these results show that in physiological pregnancy and in the nonpregnant state, the erythrocyte surface membrane fluidity is inversely correlated with SA content, while in GDM there is an unbalance of this relation, which might be associated with the microcirculatory abnormality present in this disease. Copyright 2002, Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved.
Pregnancy: A stress test for life; Purpose of review: This review describes how the physiological demands of pregnancy act as a maternal stress test that can predict a woman's health in later life. Pregnancy transiently catapults a woman into a metabolic syndrome that predisposes to vascular endothelial dysfunction. Women who are already predisposed to this phenotype develop gestational hypertension or diabetes mellitus, which re-emerge in later life as the metabolic syndrome returns. Pregnancy can also temporarily unmask sub-clinical disease, which may return in later life when the effects of ageing diminish the limited reserves of a vulnerable organ. Recent findings: Recent studies have attempted to assess how gestational syndromes affect the risk for a woman of developing a diverse range of diseases in later life. As well as cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus, pregnancy can reveal a vulnerability to thyroid and pituitary disorders, liver and renal disease, depression, thrombosis and even cancer. Summary: Although our knowledge of this phenomenon is incomplete, women who have had gestational syndromes, in particular pregnancy-induced hypertension/preeclampsia or gestational diabetes, should make lifestyle changes that will reduce their risk of cardiovascular disease in later life. © 2003 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Infants of diabetic mothers; Advances in the management of mothers with diabetes have reduced the rate of morbidity and mortality for their infants. Aggressive control of maternal glycemic status is warranted because most morbidities are epidemiologically and pathophysiologically closely linked to fetal hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia. Although rates of complications are lower than in previous eras, there may be a resurgence of IDMs within the next 10 years. The burgeoning public health problem of overweight and obesity in children likely will result in an increased incidence of metabolic syndrome X, characterized by insulin resistance and type II diabetes in adulthood. An early manifestation of this may be glucose intolerance during pregnancy in overweight women without diabetes. Clinicians must continue to have a high degree of suspicion for the diagnosis of diabetes during gestation and for screening the offspring of women with gestational diabetes for neonatal sequelae.
Impaired left ventricular diastolic function in newborn infants of mothers with pregestational or gestational diabetes with good glycemic control; The aim of the study: We assessed by echocardiography the left ventricular systolic and diastolic function in newborn infants of mothers with well-controlled pregestational type 1 or gestational diabetes (IDM) in comparison to normal term neonates. Subjects and methods: Two-dimensional/M-mode and Doppler transmitral flow velocity measurements were performed in 18 IDM and 26 control infants of non-diabetic mothers (gestational ages 36-40 and 36-41 weeks, respectively) between days 2 and 5 after birth. In the IDM, there were nine mothers with pregestational (White class C or D) and nine mothers with gestational diabetes (White class A or A/B). Peak early and atrial filling velocity, early deceleration time, early acceleration time, early, atrial and total time velocity integrals were used to examine the left ventricular diastolic performance. We also calculated the early/atrial velocity ratio, early/atrial integral ratio and early/total integral ratio. The fractional shortening, fractional shortening area, midwall fractional shortening (mFS), left ventricular mass and indexed left ventricular mass for body surface area (BSA) and birth weight were used in assessment of left ventricular systolic performance. Results: The early deceleration time was longer, resulting in higher early integral and early filling fraction (EFF) in the IDM than in the control infants (p<0.01). In the IDM, the fractional shortening was somewhat greater and the left ventricular mass/body surface area ratio was higher than in the control group (p<0.05), although the measures of systolic performance were within the normal range. There were no significant differences in the systolic or diastolic function parameters between the gestational and pregestational groups. Conclusion: In the infants of mothers with well-controlled pregestational or gestational diabetes, we found prolonged deceleration time of early left ventricular diastolic filling, probably reflecting an impaired left ventricular relaxation rather than compliance. The mechanism for the findings may be maternal hyperglycemia during the third trimester and subsequent fetal hyperinsulinaemia leading to neonatal cardiac hypertrophy. © 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Factors predisposing to pre-eclampsia in women with gestational diabetes; Background: Lipid abnormalities occur before the onset of pre-eclampsia but their role in its pathogenesis is unclear. We tested the hypothesis that lipid abnormalities precede and contribute to the development of pre-eclampsia using women with gestational diabetes (GDM) as a focus population. Methods: One hundred and eighty-four women with a diagnosis of GDM were studied. Anthropometry, blood pressure, fasting lipids, glucose homeostasis, markers of inflammation and endothelial damage were measured and family history of disease was assessed to determine those measures at diagnosis of GDM that best predicted the development of pre-eclampsia. Results: Twelve percent of women with GDM developed pre-eclampsia. At diagnosis of GDM, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides were not different in women who subsequently developed pre-eclampsia (GDM-PE). GDM-PE had elevated body mass index, blood pressure, fasting glucose, insulin, uric acid, and C-reactive protein (CRP), which have all been linked with the 'metabolic syndrome'. They had a greater degree of microalbuminuria and more frequently reported a family history of hypertension and maternal gestational diabetes. In logistic regression, the significant independent predictors for developing pre-eclampsia were fasting glucose, CRP, a family history of hypertension and the proband's mother having gestational diabetes. Conclusion: The results suggest that, in GDM, increased severity of insulin resistance and related features of the 'metabolic syndrome', rather than lipid abnormalities, are precursors to the development of pre-eclampsia and hence are likely to be implicated in the pathophysiology of this disorder. Moreover, these women are likely to be at particularly high risk of long-term cardiovascular disease and Type 2 diabetes. © 2004 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The older obstetric patient; A new era has begun in which the modern woman is able to delay childbearing if she wishes, even beyond normal reproductive age. Developments in contraception, obstetric care coupled with greater equality in the workplace have all had an influence in the timing of childbearing for women in the developed world. Older mothers are often well informed and have a great deal of knowledge about labour and its complications. Anxiety in both the older mother and the obstetrician may be responsible for a greater degree of medical intervention, including Caesarean section, in this group. However, with the exception of gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension, age per se may not be held solely responsible for a greater frequency of obstetric complications in healthy mothers of 40 years and above. Maternal mortality increases as a function of maternal age. This is in part again related to the increased rate of Caesarean section with its known complications. As with all other measured parameters for this group of women in the literature, data on perinatal mortality and morbidity is conflicting. Most studies show an increase in stillbirths and perinatal mortality; however, there are a few studies that contradict this view. © 2002 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
TRIPOD (TRoglitazone In the Prevention Of Diabetes): A randomized, placebo-controlled trial of troglitazone in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus; The TRoglitazone In the Prevention Of Diabetes (TRIPOD) trial is a single-center, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-masked study. The primary aim of the TRIPOD trial is to test the hypothesis that chronic administration of troglitazone to nondiabetic women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) will improve whole-body insulin sensitivity and reduce the incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM). Because troglitazone is already known to lower blood glucose concentrations in persons who have developed NIDDM, an additional aim of the project will be to determine whether early intervention with troglitazone will achieve better final glycemic control than can be achieved by later intervention. In addition, since troglitazone treatment is expected to improve insulin sensitivity and may prevent or delay a decline in glucose tolerance, we also plan to determine whether long-term troglitazone treatment alters the development or progression of atherosclerosis. In this article we describe the experiment's design, the study's endpoints and methods for determining those endpoints, methods for assessing quality of life, and proposed methods for statistical analyses. The unique two-phase study design of the TRIPOD trial will permit testing not only of the biological question about reversal of insulin resistance and prevention of diabetes, but also of the clinical question about whether early intervention is superior to late intervention. Results from this trial will have an important impact on the monitoring and treatment of patients at high risk for NIDDM.
Effects of a partially home-based exercise program for women with gestational diabetes; Objective: To examine the effectiveness of a partially home-based, moderate-intensity aerobic exercise program for women with gestational diabetes. Methods: This was a randomized experimental design. Thirty-three women with gestational diabetes were randomly assigned to the exercise or the no-exercise group. Subjects underwent hemoglobin A1C assay and submaximal cycle ergometer fitness tests at baseline and at study conclusion. Subjects kept diaries of home fasting and 2-hour postprandial blood glucose determinations. Exercise subjects were asked to exercise for 30 minutes three to four times weekly at 70% of estimated maximal heart rate for the weeks of study participation. Two exercise sessions weekly were supervised by the investigator, and two were unsupervised at home. Control-group subjects were asked to maintain their current activity level. Results: Daily fasting and postprandial blood glucose levels, hemoglobin A1C, incidence of exogenous insulin therapy, and incidence of newborn hypoglycemia were not different between the groups. There was a training effect in the exercise group (P = .005) but not in the control group (P = .25). A significant decline in daily grams of carbohydrate consumed was observed in the control group (P = .03), but not in the exercise group (P = .97). No complications were found in the subjects who exercised. Conclusions: A partially home-based exercise program did not reduce blood glucose levels, but did result in a modest increase in cardiorespiratory fitness. The intervention appeared safe.
Antiphospholipid antibodies: Lupus anticoagulant and anticardiolipin antibody; High-titer antiphospholipid antibodies, both the lupus anticoagulant (LA) and anticardiolipin antibody (aCL) are associated with a clinical syndrome that includes (1) venous thrombosis, usually deep venous thrombosis; (2) arterial thrombosis, including stroke, digital gangrene, or myocardial infarction; (3) idiopathic habitual abortion; and/or (4) thrombocytopenia. Patients with the antiphospholipid antibody syndrome (APS) may have no definable connective tissue disease (primary APS, or PAPS) or they may have systemic lupus erythematosus, undifferentiated connective tissue disease, another rheumatologic diagnosis, malignancy, or associated disease (secondary APS, or SAPS). Very few patients will have all four of the major criteria of the syndrome, but it is not unusual for a patient to have more than one. Of the minor criteria that characterize APS, livedo reticularis is one of the most common, and is often the first clue on physical examination to the presence of antiphospholipid antibodies. The laboratory definition of APS requires identification of one or both of the most clinically relevant antiphospholipid antibodies, LA or aCL. In the case of LA, coagulation tests are used rather than the measurement of an antibody titer to identify one of the actions of the antibody (blocking the formation of the prothrombin activator complex). Although the activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT) has been commonly employed as a screening procedure, the substrate used in most hospital laboratories has limited sensitivity in the detection of lupus anticoagulants. More sensitive tests are phospholipid-poor, including the modified Russell viper venom time (RVVT), kaolin clotting time (KCT), and platelet neutralization procedure (PNP). To differentiate the presence of LA from a factor deficiency in a patient with a prolonged clotting time, a 1:1 mixing procedure with normal plasma is performed. Anticardiolipin antibody is the prototype for a group of antibodies directed against negatively charged phospholipids, measured in solid phase ELISA assays. Although all isotypes have been found in patients with APS, high-titer IgG aCL is especially associated with thrombosis and/or pregnancy loss. In some cases, antiphospholipid antibodies identified in solid-phase assays may actually be directed against a complex of negatively charged phospholipid and β2-glycoprotein I, a naturally, occurring anticoagulant. Treatment of patients with antiphospholipid antibodies is not well defined. Patients with LA or aCL who have not had a past thrombotic event are not currently treated prophylactically. Patients who have a venous thrombotic event or an arterial thrombotic event (such as a stroke or myocardial infarction) are candidates for long-term anticoagulation with warfarin. Corticosteroids de not appear to be sufficient therapy to prevent future thrombotic events, but certainly can be used in patients with connective tissue disease to control other autoimmune-mediated organ damage. A daily baby aspirin (or other doses of aspirin) has been used for neurologic thrombotic events, but may not be adequate protection against subsequent thrombotic episodes. Because of the teratogenic potential of warfarin, other regimens have been investigated for recurrent pregnancy loss. The most widely used regimens have been either prednisone (either 20 mg or 40 mg daily) and a baby aspirin or subcutaneous heparin in varying doses. Higher doses of daily prednisone are associated with maternal morbidity (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and cataract) and fetal morbidity (preterm birth). The potential role of other therapies (plasmapheresis, intravenous gammaglobulin) in either thrombosis or pregnancy loss has not been adequately studied. © 1992.
The problem of grandmultiparity in current obstetric practice; A retrospective analysis of 646 Arab grandmultiparas who booked for hospital confinement between 1983 and 1985 was carried out. The results were compared with that of non-grandmultiparas during the same period. In the grandmultiparas, the incidences of gestational diabetes, hypertension rheumatic heart disease, antepartum, postpartum hemorrhage and macrosomic infants were increased. However, contrary to some previous reports the incidences of anemia, cesarean sections, induced labor, dysmaturity and perinatal deaths were decreased. This is thought to be due to the provision of modern specialist perinatal care and improved socio-economic standards. © 1988.
Neurobehaviour of school age children born to diabetic mothers; Aim - To study the neurobehavioural effects that diabetes during pregnancy might have on children by school age. Methods - The neurobehavioural function of 57 school age children born to 48, well controlled diabetic mothers was compared with 57 control children matched for age, birth order, and parental socioeconomic status, using several cognitive, behavioural, sensory and motor neurological tests. Results - The IQ scores of the index group children were similar to those of control children (117.7 ± 13.4 vs 118.5 ± 10.1). There were no differences between the groups in various sensory motor functions. However, the index group children performed less well than the controls on indices of fine and gross motor functions, as observed on the Bruininks-Oseretzky test of motor proficiency. The scores of children born to diabetic mothers were higher than controls on the Touwen and Prechtl neurological examination. They also performed worse in the Pollack tapper test which is designed to detect minor neurological deficits, inattention, and hyperactivity. The index children had higher scores on the Conners abbreviated parent-teacher questionnaire which measures hyperactivity and inattention. There was a negative correlation between the performance of the index group children on various neurodevelopmental and behavioural tests and the severity of hyperglycaemia, as assessed by blood glycosylated haemoglobin and acetonuria. Conclusions - Diabetes during pregnancy adversely affects some fine neurological functions in children at school age, but not their cognitive scores. These effects are not correlated with the degree of glycaemic control.
Serum l.ipid levels of strepto/otocin-induced diabetic pregnant rats; The present eommunication demonstrates that in streptoJ.olocininduced diabetic rats, the concentrations of serum total cholesterol and triacylglycerol were significantly increased whereas the concentration of HDL-cholestcrol was significantly decreased. These changes in serum lipids were adjusted with the administration of insulin to diabetic rats as these values became nearly similar to those of control rats. Results of streptozolocin-induced diabetic pregnant rats showed a significant increase in serum total cholesterol concentration only in the third trimester, whereas the concentration of serum triacylclyccrol was significantly increased throughout the period of pregnancy. However, the concentration of serum HDL-cholesterol was significantly decreased throughout pregnancy when compared with non-diabetic pregnant rats. It is therefore concluded that uncontrolled diabetes or gestational diabetes can well be regarded as a secondary factor for atherosclerosis.
Randomized trial of diet versus diet plus cardiovascular conditioning on glucose levels in gestational diabetes; We studied the impact of a training program on glucose tolerance in gestational diabetes mellitus. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (N = 19) were randomized into either group I, a 6-week diet alone group (24 to 30 kcal/kg/24 hours; 20% protein, 40% carbohydrate, 40% fat), or group II, which followed the same diet plus exercise (20 minutes three times a week for 6 weeks). An arm ergometer was used to maintain heart rate in the training range. Glycemic response was monitored by glycosylated hemoglobin, a 50 gm oral glucose challenge with a fasting and 1-hour plasma glucose, and blood glucose self-monitoring, fasting and 1 hour after meals. Week 1 glycemic parameters were the same for both groups. Week 6 data (mean ± SD) were as follows: group I glycosylated hemoglobin, 4.7% + 0.2% versus group II, 4.2% ± 0.2%; p < 0.001. The group I glucose challenge fasting value was 87.6 ± 6.2 versus 70.1 ± 6.6 mg/dl, p < 0.001 for group II. The group I 1-hour plasma glucose challenge result was 187.5 ± 12.9 mg/dl versus 105.9 ± 18.9 mg/dl for group II, p < 0.001. The glycemic levels diverged between the groups at week 4. We conclude that arm ergometer training is feasible in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and results in lower glycosylated hemoglobin, fasting, and 1-hour plasma glucose concentrations than diet alone. Arm ergometer training may provide a useful treatment option for women with gestational diabetes mellitus and may obviate insulin treatment. © 1989.
Acute atrial tachyarrhythmias during epidural analgesia for cesarean section in a gestational diabetic woman; We observed the development of acute atrial tachyarrhythmias in a euthyroid parturient with gestational diabetes but no history of cardiac disease who was undergoing emergency cesarean section under epidural analgesia. The arrhythmias appeared to have been precipitated by acute hypokalemia secondary to diet-induced hyperglycemia at the time of peak cardiac stress. © 1986 American Society of Regional Anesthesia and Pain Medicine.
Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy: Have all the problems been solved?; The past decade has seen a remarkable improvement in the prognosis for the pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus. Perinatal survival has become as common in these pregnancies as in normal ones. This improved outcome has been achieved through a better understanding of maternal metabolism and the needs to regulate maternal glycemia carefully as well as through reliable techniques for the surveillance of fetal well-being and advances in neonatal care. Significant perinatal morbidity still occurs, and congenital malformations-the leading cause of perinatal mortality today-remain an unresolved problem. Maternal outcome must also be considered. Uncertainty remains regarding the course of retinopathy in pregnancy, and the small group of diabetic women with coronary artery disease do appear to be at increased risk for mortality during gestation. A systematic screening program for gestational diabetes must now be adopted. © 1981.
Waardenburg syndrome type II in a Taiwanese woman with a family history of pseudoxanthoma elasticum; A 37-year-old Taiwanese woman presented to the Dermatology Clinic for a skin exam to rule out pseudoxanthoma elasticum (PXE). The patient stated she had a known family history of PXE, with a 31 -year-old brother with biopsy. proven cutaneous lesions of the lateral neck and another brother (33 years of age) with recently documented angioid streaks on ophthalmologic examination. The patient Stated that two other living brothers were without known cutaneous lesions and had refused ophthalmologic examinations. A fifth brother had died in infancy of unknown causes. There was no other known family history of PXE, and neither of the affected brothers had a known history of cardiovascular disease. The patient's past medical history was significant only for gestational diabetes during pregnancy. She had no history of hypertension, angina, myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular accident, visual difficulty, bleeding abnormality, or intermittent claudication. Physical examination was notable for multiple hypo- and depigmented macules and patches of the anterior trunk, face, and dorsal hands. There were no cutaneous findings of PXE. Scalp examination revealed diffuse depigmentation of the hair roots (Fig. 1), and the patient admitted to the regular use of hair dyes since experiencing premature graying at 22 years of age. Ophthalmologic exam revealed heterochromia iridis (Fig. 2). The Windex (see below) was calculated to be 1.65 (within normal limits). Fundoscopic examination was normal. There was no history of hearing impairment. An expanded family history was performed after noting the patient's clinical phenotype suggestive of Waardenburg syndrome, and revealed several relatives with early graying, leukoderma, heterochromia iridis, and congenital deafness (see pedigree, Fig. 3). All of the patient's relatives lived in Taiwan, and therefore examinations were not possible.A 37-year-old Taiwanese woman presented to the Dermatology Clinic for a skin exam to rule out pseudoxanthoma elasticum (PXE). The patient stated she had a known family history of PXE, with a 31 -year-old brother with biopsy. proven cutaneous lesions of the lateral neck and another brother (33 years of age) with recently documented angioid streaks on ophthalmologic examination. The patient Stated that two other living brothers were without known cutaneous lesions and had refused ophthalmologic examinations. A fifth brother had died in infancy of unknown causes. There was no other known family history of PXE, and neither of the affected brothers had a known history of cardiovascular disease. The patient's past medical history was significant only for gestational diabetes during pregnancy. She had no history of hypertension, angina, myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular accident, visual difficulty, bleeding abnormality, or intermittent claudication. Physical examination was notable for multiple hypo- and depigmented macules and patches of the anterior trunk, face, and dorsal hands. There were no cutaneous findings of PXE. Scalp examination revealed diffuse depigmentation of the hair roots (Fig. 1), and the patient admitted to the regular use of hair dyes since experiencing premature graying at 22 years of age. Ophthalmologic exam revealed heterochromia iridis (Fig. 2). The Windex (see below) was calculated to be 1.65 (within normal limits). Fundoscopic examination was normal. There was no history of hearing impairment. An expanded family history was performed after noting the patient's clinical phenotype suggestive of Waardenburg syndrome, and revealed several relatives with early graying, leukoderma, heterochromia iridis, and congenital deafness (see pedigree, Fig. 3). All of the patient's relatives lived in Taiwan, and therefore examinations were not possible.
Fibronectin levels in Indian neonates in health and disease; Cord blood samples were estimated for serum fibronectin (Fn) by immunoelectrophoresis (IE) and enzyme linked immuno sorbent assay (ELISA) in 250 newborn healthy and sick infants classified into 6 categories: i.e., term appropriate for date (TAFD), preterm appropriate for date (PTAFD), term small for date (TSFD), preterm small for date (PTSFD), birth asphyxia (BA) and septicemia (SEP). TAFD infants were assayed for plasma Fn in addition. Comparison of Fn levels in the different groups by the Wilcoxan rank sum test indicated no significant difference between term and preterm infants, between PTAFD and PTSFD, TAFD and TSFD and in infants with and without birth asphyxia. Babies with septicemia had a significantly (P < 0.01) lower Fn level (29.97 ± 29.03 mg/l) than those with no septicemia (42.77 ± 30.20 mg/l). TAFD infants had Fn levels (serum 41.44 ± 31.08 mg/l, plasma 85.20 ± 33.38 mg/l) that are less than half the levels reported in the Western literature for newborn term infants. A possible cause could be the associated medical problems in mothers as 41 per cent of mothers of TAFD infants had conditions such as pregnancy induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, rheumatic heart disease, infection etc.
Unusual clustering of diseases in a Canadian Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonite kindred and community; We investigated a large Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonite kindred with branches across Canada. Six generations of the kindred were traced. There was intermarriage among numerous family members. Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) was identified in 10 members; all 7 living patients were found to carry the immunogenetic marker HLA-DR4. Nine other close relatives had disorders of carbohydrate metabolism, including gestational diabetes mellitus and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus progressing to insulin use. Ten other relatives had autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism and multiple sclerosis. Cases of Alport's syndrome, congenital malformations, inborn errors of metabolism and unusual malignant diseases were also found in the kindred. In the small Alberta community in which the kindred was ascertained there were people of Old Colony Mennonite descent with genetic conditions such as Gilles de la Tourette's syndrome and congenital malformations, including congenital heart disease. This kindred represents the largest reported familial aggregation of IDDM. This disease and other disorders of carbohydrate metabolism occur in the context of a strong familial predisposition to autoimmune disease. Study of this family may permit empiric testing of proposed models of inheritance of diseases of complex origin such as IDDM. We report this Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonite community because it is one of the settlements populated by this religious and genetic isolate, which extends across Canada and Central and South America and affords opportunities for the study of both common and rare inherited diseases.
Development of significant left and right ventricular hypoplasia in the second and third trimester fetus; Although most forms of fetal heart diseases are present by the end of the first trimester, after embryogenesis is complete, some lesions may evolve late in gestation, resulting in more severe disease at birth. Just recently, two cases have been encountered in which serial prenatal and postnatal study revealed development of significant left (one case) and right (one case) ventricular hypoplasia through the second half of gestation in fetuses with severe aortic stenosis or pulmonary stenosis, and intact ventricular septum.; Although most forms of fetal heart disease are present by the end of the first trimester, after embryogenesis is complete, some lesions may evolve late in gestation, resulting in more severe disease at birth. Coarctation of the aorta can be associated with progression in the severity of distal arch hypoplasia. Development or progression in severity of pulmonary artery hypoplasia can occur in tetralogy of Fallot. Right ventricular outflow tract obstruction can develop or worsen as an isolated lesion or in the presence of a dysplastic or Ebstein-like tricuspid valve with tricuspid regurgitation, tetralogy of Fallot, or more complex cardiac lesions. The early prenatal appearance of the fetal heart may not always represent the final extent of the lesion in the neonate. We have recently encountered two cases in which serial prenatal and postnatal study revealed development of significant left (one case) and right (one case) ventricular hypoplasia through the second half of gestation in fetuses with severe aortic stenosis or pulmonary stenosis, respectively, and intact ventricular septum.
Benefits and risks of modifying maternal fat intake in pregnancy and lactation; The National Cholesterol Education Program recommends that healthy Americans aged >2 y reduce energy intake to maintain ideal body weight, saturated fat to 10% of energy, fat intake to 30% of energy, and cholesterol consumption to < 300 mg/d. Although these guidelines exclude pregnant or lactating women, nursing infants, and very young children, women with gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and familial hyperlipidemias may benefit from them. In a normal pregnancy, serum cholesterol and triglycerides rise 25-40% and 200-400%, respectively. Multiparous middle-aged women may have an increased incidence of angina and cholesterol gallstones from the hypercholesterolemia of pregnancy. Few studies support the safety of maternal low-fat diets for the developing fetus or demonstrate benefits to the mother. Polyunsaturated fatty acids lower serum lipids, and n-3 fatty acids may improve some obstetric complications. Arachidonic acid (20:4) and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6) may benefit the psychomotor and visual development of children.
Obstetrical complications of maternal overweight; Overweiqht is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular and metabolic disease. Pregnancy in obese women frequently results in an increased incidence of maternal complications (gestational diabetes, hypertension, toxemis) and adverse perinatal outcome (macrosomis, perinatal mortality). Cesarian deliveries are also more frequent in obese women, mainly because of cephalopelvic dysproportion due to macrosomia. Optimal treatment for gestational diabetes is difficult to achieve, although hyperglycemis further impairs maternofoetal prognosis. The incidence of intrauterine growth retardation is not increased in obese pregnancy. A successful obstetrical outcome may be achievable through multidisciplinary antenatal management.
Oral contraceptives: Effects on glucose and lipid metabolism in insulin-dependent diabetic women and women with previous gestational diabetes. A clinical and biochemical assessment; The obvious need for highly effective contraception in women with existing disorders of glucose metabolism has led to a search for oral contraceptive (OC) regimens for such women that are efficient but without unacceptable metabolic side effects. Recent studies have indicated that low-dose OCs can be administered to women of normal weight with previous gestational diabetes mellitus without the risk of a deterioration in glucose tolerance. The present study found that, in both women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and normal women, triphasic OCs resulted in a significantly lower insulin response to oral glucose than the low-dose monophasic estradiol/levonorgestrel formulation. This finding suggests that the progestogen component of OCs is largely responsible for the influence of OCs on glucose homeostasis. In women of normal weight with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, there is no apparent direct association between glucose tolerance, plasma insulin levels, and insulin binding to erythrocytes and monocytes during intake of low-dose OCs; in addition, there is no adverse effect on lipid/lipoprotein levels. In women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, combined OCs (estradiol-estriol/norethisterone) appear to have no adverse effects on the diabetic control; however, low-dose artificial OCs are without any influence on glycemic control in these women. Treatment with norethisterone alone appears to be an appropriate alternative to both the nonalkylated estrogen/norethisterone combinations and triphasic OCs. More longterm studies are needed regarding the effects on glucose and lipoprotein metabolism to predict the clinical significance on the occurrence of cardiovascular diseases and the deterioration of glycemic control in women with insulin-dependent diabetes and previous gestational diabetes.
Gestational diabetes - Perinatal hyperinsulinism and postnatal deviation of development; The impaired glucose tolerance in pregnancy (IGT) represents an important fact in aetiopathogenesis of insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and non insulin dependent diabetes (NIDDM) as well as obesitas and cardiovascular diseases in context with fetal hyperinsulinism. Prospective studies of diabetic mothers newborns are difficult by reason of health controls in different outpatient departments. The aim of this review is to claim a general glucose screening in pregnancy looking on the development of newborns in later life. In present preventive prospects were not used to decrease the morbidity in diabetes, obesitas and cardiovascular diseases without gestational diabetes screening in pregnancy. The neonatal onset and late morbidity is dependent on the quality of maternal glycemia in pregnancy measured by means of glycosylated hemoglobin and insulin the amniotic fluid.
Altered diastolic function in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes: No relation to macrosomia; In a previous study, asymptomatic infants of mothers with gestational diabetes (IGDMs) were observed to have altered left ventricular (LV) filling. In the present study, we reanalyzed the data to examine whether the observed abnormalities were related to maternal diabetes or due to the greater preponderance of macrosomic infants (32%) in the gestational diabetes group. No echocardiographic (systolic or diastolic) differences were observed when the data were compared in 16 large-for-gestational-age (LGA) and 24 appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) infants among IGDM. Comparison of 16 LGA IGDM and 17 LGA infants of control mothers revealed lower LV size during diastole and systole in the IGDM. The present analysis suggests that the cardiac alterations in the IGDMs are not due to the preponderance of macrosomia but, rather, the consequence of altered in utero metabolic environment. © 1995 Springer-Verlag New York Inc.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension in pregnancy: Hemodynamics and diurnal arterial pressure profile; We characterised the 24-h arterial pressure (AP) profile and the left ventricular (LV) structures and functions in pregnant women with pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Thirty pregnant women after 20 weeks' gestation - (10 normotensive; 10 with PIH; and 10 with GDM) - were investigated haemodynamically using 24-h AP monitoring and Doppler echocardiography for determination of LV structures and functions, both systolic and diastolic. The PIH women had significantly higher AP determinations throughout the 24 h, with no change in the diurnal variation, ie, nocturnal decline and early morning peaks. The LV mass was greater in PIH and GDM than in the normotensive women, despite normal AP in GDM. The increased LV mass in GDM was mainly due to LV dilatation and not to increased thickness of its walls. In PIH, the increase in AP was due to peripheral vasoconstriction, while cardiac output was preserved. The LV systolic functions did not differ among the three groups. However, a slight reduction in the myocardial contractility was found in PIH and GDM. The LV relaxation was significantly impaired in both PIH and GDM. Thus, GDM and PIH, although differing in their 24-h AP profile, are characterised by LV hypertrophy and reduction in diastolic function.
Telephone Fetal Heart Rate Monitoring in South Australia; EDITORIAL COMMENT: We accepted this paper for publication to remind readers again (A) that fetal cardiotocographs can be transmitted, over the telephone for interpretation by an expert. As the authors say this paper is not intended to argue the merits of cardiotocography or its indications. However we wish to comment on the authors' statement that gestational diabetes and hypertension are questionable indications for cardiotocography. These 2 conditions are classically associated with intrauterine death and in the case of gestational diabetes there may be no clinical warning such as the presence of fetal growth retardation, deaths in this condition being precisely similar to those that occur in women with insulin‐dependant prepregnancy diabetes mellitus (B). These are the very conditions in which cardiotocography may show the features of impending fetal death and hence indicate immediate delivery. A. Moore KH, Sill R. Domiciliary fetal monitoring in a district maternity unit. Aust NZ J Obstet Gynaecol 1990; 30: 36–40. B. White BM, Beischer NA. Perinatal mortality in the infants of diabetic women. Aust NZ J Obstet Gynaecol 1990; 30: 323–326. Summary:  A pilot trial was conducted to assess the technical feasibility of long range fetal heart monitoring by telephone in an Australian setting. The indications for such monitoring and patient ability and attitude towards self‐monitoring was also assessed. One hundred and fifty seven tracings were received from 57 women using a simple doppler device to transmit fetal heart sounds to the central hospital fetal monitor. Thirty three of the patients were in country hospitals and 24 were at home. Gestation ranged from 26 to 42 weeks' gestation. Eighty six percent of the country hospital tracings and 94% of the home tracings were easily interpretable. The large majority of tracings were normal and appeared to encourage conservative management by the attendants. Two tracings were abnormal and these influenced early delivery in both cases. Nearly all women using the monitor at home found the procedure easy and reassuring. Tracings from country hospitals were initiated usually after an acute antenatal complication, whereas the indications for home‐monitoring were prompted by longer‐term, medium‐risk factors. Home‐monitoring may reduce the inconvenience and expense of inpatient or outpatient care and country hospitals without electronic fetal monitors may benefit from such a service. The selection of patients who might benefit from such technology remains controversial and warrants a prospective randomized controlled trial. Copyright © 1992, Wiley Blackwell. All rights reserved
Microalbuminuria following gestational diabetes; Background. Microalbuminuria (MA) precedes clinical nephropathy in patients with insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus, and is associated with an increased mortality, mostly due to cardiovascular disease in patients with non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus. Microalbuminuria is rarely detected in patients with diabetes of less than five years' duration. Our study was designed to determine whether MA and its sequelae also appear 5‐8 years after pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods. We examined the presence of MA in 72 women who had not conceived since a previous GDM‐pregnancy 5‐8 years ago and compared them to a control group of 35 women who had no GDM history, and who were matched for age, parity and time since last pregnancy. Microalbuminuria was determined in all subjects using an overnight 8 hours urine collection. Mann‐Whitney rank‐sum test was used to compare data between the study and the control groups. Student's (test was used to compare data within the study group. Results. Median value of the urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) in the study group was significantly higher than median value of urinary AER of the control group (p<0.0001), but only 30.5% of the subjects of the study group were found to be microalbuminuria‐positive, defined as urinary AER value of more than 21 mg/24 h. No correlation between MA and blood pressure, fasting blood glucose, serum creatinine, blood urea nitrogen and parity was found. Conclusions. MA was found to be more frequent after GDM and no predisposing factors for its appearance were elucidated. Hence, we suggest that it may well be a sign of early renal disease and that long‐term follow‐up of all GDM patients for MA and other markers of renal disease is strongly indicated. 1995 Informa UK Ltd All rights reserved: reproduction in whole or part not permitted
Fetal hyperinsulinemia and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy: Association in perinatal life; The frequent presence of a disproportionate hypertrophic ventricular septum in fetuses of diabetic mothers has been widely reported. The most accepted hypothesis to explain this disorder is fetal hyperinsulinism due to inadequate control of maternal diabetes. This prospective controlled transversal study was carried out to test the hypothesis that fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in diabetic pregnancies is related to hyperinsulinism as assessed by amniotic fluid insulin levels. Sixty-five fetuses (37 of diabetic mothers and 28 of hypertensive mothers) were studied. Fetal echocardiography was performed within one week of the amniocentesis in every case. Fetal insulin levels and interventricular septum thickness were considered abnormal when their values were above 2 standard deviations, according to local nomograms. The mean gestational age at the time of examination was 32.3±3.5 weeks (24-39 weeks) in the gestational diabetes group, 28.5±2.7 weeks (23-33 weeks) in the previous diabetes group and 30.6±3.1 weeks (25-36 weeks) in the control group. Mean septal thickness was 3.7 (2.2 to 6.3 mm) in the group of diabetic mothers and 3.0 (2.0 to 4.3 mm) in the control group (p<0.01). Mean fetal insulin levels was 14.7±16.8 microIU/ml (3.2 to 75.3 microIU/ml) in the group with diabetes and 6.4±3.3 microIU/ml (3.1 to 17 microIU/ml) in the control group (p<0.01). Ten out of 37 fetuses of the diabetic group were considered to have hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (27%), while none of the fetuses of the control group showed increase in the septal thickness (p<0.01). A significant association between prenatal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and fetal hyperinsulinism was demonstrated (p<0.007). We conclude that the association between the presence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and high levels of fetal insulin in diabetic mothers justify efforts to improve the glucemic control in pregnancies with this frequent complication.
Contraceptive options for the gestational diabetic woman.; Of the contraceptive choices open to a post-partum woman with gestational diabetes, this discussion concentrates on low-dose oral contraceptives. Although gestational diabetes usually clears at delivery, 75% of these women will go on to developed impaired glucose tolerance or overt diabetes, especially if they are obese or if their glucose level had been high. Many elect permanent sterilization, but those requiring reversible contraception usually choose the IUD or the pill. IUDs carry a high risk of infection and are less effective in diabetics. The author compared a low-dose combined pill with 400 mcg norethindrone and 35 mcg ethinyl estradiol (Ovcon 35), and a pill containing levonorgestrel (Triphasil), to barrier contraception in 230 women with recent gestational diabetes. After 6-13 months of use 11-17% of each group had impaired glucose tolerance, and 15-20% of each group had diabetes (n.s.). Insulin levels rose from 28.5 mIU/mL to 59.7 in controls, 32.0 to 71.8 in Ovcon 35 users, and from 40.2 to 85.1 in Triphasil users (p0.05). HDL values rose significantly in the group taking Ovcon, and LDL values fell significantly in all 3 groups. These low-dose pills can be used safely in postpartum gestational diabetic women, as long as they do not smoke, are encouraged to lose weight, and have no sign of cardiovascular disease as evidenced by albuminuria and an ophthalmoscopic exam.
Doppler studies in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus; Objective: The object of this study was to determine the relationship between the placental resistance and the severity of diabetes mellitus according to White's classification and the values of hemoglobin (Hb)A1c. Study design During the third trimester of pregnancy, 631 Doppler umbilical artery blood flow studies were performed in 115 diabetic pregnant women (White class A1, 39; A2, 46; B, 12; C, 5; D, 9; F, 1; R, 3). Our patients were divided in three groups. Group 1 consisted of 85 patients with gestational diabetes controlled either with diet (class A1, n = 39) or insulin (class A2, n = 45). Group 2 consisted of 17 patients with pregestational diabetes without vasculopathy (class B, n = 12; class C, n = 5) and Group 3 consisted of 13 patients with pregestational diabetes with vasculopathy (class D, n = 9; class F, n = 1; class R, n = 3). Results: In group 1 the mean systolic/diastolic (S/D) ratio of the umbilical artery was 2.6 ± 0.4, in Group 2 3.7 ± 0.3 and in Group 3 3.2 ± 0.5. These values were statistically significant (p < 0.0001) with linear increase related to the severity of disease. The percentage of abnormal S/D ratios (> 3) was 7.1, 17.7 and 53.9%, respectively, in the three groups (linear trend x = 19, p < 0.00001). In Group 1, the mean value of HbA1c was 4.8 ± 0.8%, in Group 2 6.3 ± 1.7% and in Group 3 6.0 ± 1.3%. Subdivision of patients on the basis of the value of HbA1c (normal range 3.5-5.5% into well-controlled (n = 87 cases, HbA1c = 4.6 ± 0.6%) and poorly controlled groups (n = 23 cases, HbA1c = 6.9 ± 1%) revealed a statistically significant difference in S/D values (2.6 ± 0.4 vs. 2.9 ± 0.5, p < 0.002). A significant positive correlation was found between the S/D ratio and the value of HbA1c (r = 0.30, p < 0.001). In five cases, the data relating to the control of diabetes were incomplete because the patients were followed up elsewhere. Using multiple regression analysis, a significant positive correlation (p < 10) was found between S/D ratio and White's classification adjusted for maternal age and parity. Conclusions: From these data, we can conclude that: (1) Normal S/D ratios can be expected in gestational diabetes with good control; (2) There is a linear correlation between the S/D ratio and the severity of the disease as determined by White's classification; and (3) There is a linear correlation between poorly controlled diabetes mellitus (HbA1c > 5.5%) and increased placental resistance (S/D > 3) when the patients were subdivided on the basis of the HbA1c value.
FETAL DEATH IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING NORMAL ANTENATAL FETAL HEART RATE PATTERN CASE REPORT; A fetal death occurred during antenatal non‐stressed cardiotocography in a woman with gestational diabetes. The death occurred immediately following 30 minutes of normal fetal heart rate tracing with an active baby and with normal bio‐chemical tests of placental function. Copyright © 1981, Wiley Blackwell. All rights reserved
European Society of Contraception oral contraceptives survey update: birth control methods in "Europe of the 12".; The European Society of Contraception developed a survey to examine birth control methods in the 12 countries++ of the European Community. Responses to those questions relating to prescribing++ practices of oral contraceptives (OCs) are presented herein. The survey was sent to 400 physicians. One hundred two responded, most from France, Belgium, and the United Kingdom. The responses revealed that the most popular OCs are modern combined formulations containing low doses of ethinyl estradiol and progestogens such as norgestimate, desogestrel, gestodene, and levonorgestrel. More than half of physicians prescribe a particular formulation because of its tolerability and 20% because of its hormonal content. More than 90% prescribe OCs to healthy, nonsmoking women over 40. However, three fourths will not prescribe OCs to smokers over 35. Half of physicians recommend mammography for their older OC patients. Half also recommend cholesterol screening, but 8% only for women over 30. Most physicians are no longer reluctant to prescribe OCs to their diabetic patients: 61% prescribe OCs for women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes, 56% for those with insulin-dependent diabetes, and 85% for those with a history of gestational diabetes. Despite recent studies showing no relation between past OC use and cardiovascular disease, 42% of physicians said that their greatest OC-related health concern is cardiovascular disease. One third cited noncompliance as their greatest concern. These results reveal inhomogeneous prescribing practices for OCs among European physicians. ¿Over-screening¿--not prescribing the pill because of perceived (but not necessarily real) health risks--may be depriving many women of the contraceptive and noncontraceptive benefits of OCs. Complete and accurate information--as promoted by the European Society of Contraception--is one way to combat such overscreening.; Findings are presented from the 1993 European Society of Contraception Oral Contraceptive Survey conducted in 12 member countries among 102 physicians. Findings are considered suggestive because of the low response rate of 25% to the mailed questionnaire to 400 physicians. The aim is to determine the prescribing practices of oral contraceptives. Over 50% of physicians prescribed the following modern, low-dose combined formulations: Marvelon, Mercilon, Minulet, Gynera, Cilest, and Femodene. 66% of physicians prescribed monophasic pills containing 20-30 mcg of ethinyl estradiol and low doses of desogestrel, gestodene, levonorgestrel, or norgestimate. 58% preferred oral pills because of their tolerability. Other desirable features were the cost, hormonal content, and other factors. 94% prescribed oral pills for women aged over 40 years who were healthy and did not smoke. 75% would not prescribe oral pills to women who were over the age of 35 years and who smoked. Over 50% of physicians recommended mammograms for women aged over 35 years who used oral pills. 45% routinely performed lipoprotein screening of oral pill users. 8% did so only for patients aged over 30 years. 42 physicians out of the 102 responding had a protocol based on the total cholesterol level. 61% prescribed oral pills for women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes. The majority prescribed oral pills for women with insulin-dependent diabetes. 38% of physicians who prescribed oral pills for women with diabetes prescribed very-low-dose monophasic oral contraceptives. 85% prescribed oral pills for women with gestational diabetes. 42% were concerned about patient risk of cardiovascular disease. The study revealed a range of practices among physicians.
Diabetes mellitus during pregnancy and the risks for specific birth defects: A population-based case-control study; Although the excess risk for birth defects among children of mothers with diabetes mellitus is well documented, there are few data concerning the risk for specific malformations. In the Atlanta Birth Defects Case-Control Study, those risks for malformations were evaluated. The population-based study included 4929 live and stillborn babies with major malformations ascertained by the Metropolitan Atlanta Congenital Defects Program in the first year of life born to residents of Metropolitan Atlanta between 1968 and 1980. The study also included 3029 nonmalformed live babies who were frequency-matched to case babies by race, period of birth, and hospital of birth. The relative risk for major malformations among infants of mothers with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (n = 28) was 7.9 (95% confidence interval [CI]1.9, 33.5) compared with infants of nondiabetic mothers. The relative risks for major central nervous system and cardiovascular system defects were 15.5 (95% CI = 3.3, 73.8) and 18.0 (95% CI = 3.9, 82.5), respectively. The absolute risks for major, central nervous system, and cardiovascular system malformations among infants of diabetic mothers were 18.4, 5.3, and 8.5 per 100 live births, respectively. Infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus who required insulin during the third trimester of pregnancy were 20.6 (95% CI = 2.5, 168.5) times more likely to have major cardiovascular system defects than infants of nondiabetic mothers. The absolute risk for infants of this group of diabetic mothers was 9.7%. No statistically significant differences were found among infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus who did not require insulin during pregnancy. These results suggest a stronger association than previously reported between maternal diabetes mellitus and specific categories of major malformations and implicate gestational diabetes mellitus as a risk factor for major cardiovascular system defects.
Oocyte donation to women over 40 years of age: Pregnancy complications; Recently, oocyte donation to women of advanced age has led to a considerable number of conceptions, thus increasing the age limit for becoming pregnant. A main consideration encountered by physicians, though, is the potential medical and obstetric complications of a pregnancy at an advanced age. In this study, the obstetric complications, as well as the perinatal outcome, of pregnancies of aged recipients (above 40) are presented and compared to those of younger recipients. A significantly higher incidence of gestational diabetes (P < 0.001), an increased incidence of pre-eclampsia (at the 10% level of significance) and an increased risk for thrombophlebitis (again at the 10% level) was observed in the older patients, but a careful follow-up during their pregnancy led to a highly satisfactory obstetric and perinatal outcome. A rigorous precycle medical screening (especially for cardiovascular diseases and diabetes) and a careful follow-up during pregnancy is, therefore, imperative so that oocyte donation to older women is not withheld and continues to provide fertility possibilities to otherwise sterile patients.
Prevalence of cardiac abnormalities in fetuses of diabetic mothers; The higher occurrence of structural heart disease in fetuses of previous diabetic mothers is well described in the literature, This study reviews the fetal echocardiograms of 1075 diabetic mothers (852 gestational diabetes and 223 previous diabetes) examined at the Fetal Cardiology Unit from January 1989 - October 1996. There were 162 cardiac abnormalities (15%), excluding rhythm disturbances and functional disorders. The abnormalities included in the study were 120 hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and 35 structural heart diseases. In the gestational diabetes group (n = 852) there were 87 (10.2%) patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and 25 (2.9%) cases of fetal cardiac malformations: ventricular septal defects-VSD (18), double outlet right ventricle-DORV (3), pulmonary atresia-PA (1), double inlet left ventricle-DILV (1), complete atrioventricular septal defect-CAVSD (2). In the previous diabetes group (n = 223) there were 33 (14.7%) fetuses with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and 17 (7.6%) cases of structural heart disease: VSD (14), tetralogy of Fallot-TF (1), DORV (1), pulmonary stenosis (1), truncus (1), mitral atresia (1), transposition of the great arteries - TGA (1), dysplastic tricuspid valve (1). Even though the prevalence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in both groups was predictable, there was a much higher than expected prevalence of fetal structural heart disease in the group of mothers with gestational diabetes. This finding may raise the suspicion of an erroneous diagnosis of gestational diabetes or suggest that some teratogenic effect would already be present early in gestation.
Effects of oral contraceptives on the borderline NIDD patient.; With oral contraceptives (OCs), estrogen and progestogen doses, as well as the type of progestogen used, seem to directly affect glucose tolerance and insulin resistance. Other factors that influence these parameters are a patient's weight and age, family history of diabetes, and previous gestational diabetes. In normal-weight women with previous gestational diabetes, low-dose OCs do not appear to directly affect glucose tolerance, plasma insulin levels, or insulin binding to monocytes. This paper reports the initial data from a study employing low-dose OC formulations in obese patients with a history of either Class A1 or A2 gestational diabetes. Although results are preliminary, they do suggest that Ovcon 35, a low-dose norethindrone-containing OC, may be safe in Class A1 diabetics; in Class A2 diabetics, Ovcon 35 is associated with significantly less change in oral glucose tolerance at 3 months than is the triphasic Triphasil.
Management of newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the primary care setting: Effects of 2 years of gliclazide treatment - The diadem study; Five thousand five hundred seventy-two newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients (3,225 men and 2,347 women; mean age, 58.5 years) were recruited through the General Practitioners (GPs) network in France. All had persistent hyperglycemia after a preliminary 3-month period with dietary and life-style modification. Gliclazide (80 to 320 mg/d) was then prescribed as diabetic pharmacotherapy for 2 years. Additional therapy for hypertension and dyslipidemia was started if necessary. The aim of the study was mainly to determine the feasibility of a GP-directed protocol for the monitoring and treatment of newly diagnosed NIDDM patients, and to assess the effectiveness of diabetic therapy in this cohort. Diabetes was diagnosed in 78% of the cohort during routine screening. Among the women, 6.5% had a history of gestational diabetes. Eighteen percent of the patients had a parental history of diabetes, and the dominant maternal role in the genesis of NIDDM was confirmed. High blood pressure (Joint National Committee V criteria) was found at inclusion in 38.8% of the whole cohort. Hyperlipidemia was known in 44.6%. A history of stroke was present in 1.6% of the patients, and coronary heart disease (CHD) in 6.3%. These data support the relationship between the atherogenic state and development of NIDDM. Microalbuminuria defined as urinary albumin excretion (UAE) of at least 20 mg/L was found in 29.6% of the patients, and retinopathy in 9.8%. Among the included patients, 23% did not complete the study and were excluded from the efficacy analysis. Of these, 14% (808 patients) had only baseline evaluation data and 9% (499 patients) withdrew later. Comparison of mean baseline and final results in study completers uncovered a significant improvement in fasting blood glucose ([FBG] 182 ±48 v 137 ± 40 mg/dL), post prandial blood glucose ([PPBG] 209 ±68 v 162 ±52 mg/dL), and hemoglobin A1c ([HbA1c] 8.7% ± 2.5% v7.3% ± 2.0%). A slight improvement in total cholesterol (228 ± 44 v 222 ± 41 mg/dL), body mass index ([BMI] 28.5 ± 4.7 v 213 ± 4.5 kg/m2), and waist to hip ratio (0.99 ± 0.1 y 0.98 ± 0.1) was observed. There was a decrease in the percentage of patients with high blood pressure (38.5% v 30.7%). A mild increase in the prevalence of retinopathy (10.2% v 11.8%) was noted during the study, while the incidence of microalbuminuria remained unchanged (30.2% v 29.5%). In conclusion, the data indicate that the GPs involved in this study were able to successfully monitor and manage NIDDM patients in accordance with a standardized protocol. Gliclazide appeared to be an effective and well-tolerated treatment. The high prevalence of chronic diabetic complications at diagnosis emphasizes the delay encountered in reaching the diagnosis of NIDDM and the problems associated with this delay. In addition to the classic risk factors for NIDDM exhibited in this patient cohort, we have identified CHD and a maternal genetic component as further potential predicting factors. Copyright © 1997 by W.B. Saunders Company.
Steps toward the primary prevention of type II diabetes mellitus. Various epidemiological considerations; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), or type II diabetes is rapidly becoming one of the most common chronic disease in the United States and worldwide, with more than 7% of the adult population affected. NIDDM is even more common in the elderly and in minority population including Hispanic Americans, African Americans, Asian and Pacific Island Americans, and Native Americans. In these populations, NIDDM may be present in 10% to as much as 50% of the adult population. However diagnosed NIDDM is only the tip of the iceberg of an epidemic of glucose intolerance. Impaired glucose intolerance (IGT) is even more prevalent that NIDDM; and in addition to be a major risk factor for the development of NIDDM, IGT is associated with an increased risk of macrovascular disease. Recent advances in research into the etiology and natural history of diabetes have increased the knowledge to such an extent that primary prevention of NIDDM is becoming a reality. This primary prevention can be implemented a) through a population strategy, i.e. changing the lifestyle and environmental determinants that are known to be risk factors for diabetes, and b) through high-risk strategy, i.e. targeting preventive measures only at those specific individuals or groups that are at high risk for the future development of NIDDM. The latter is the strategy of the Diabetes Prevention Program (DDP), a clinical study sponsored by the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Disease in USA. Twenty five centers were selected to participate in this program. The purpose of DPP is prevent or delay the development of NIDDM in those persons who are at high risk because they have IGT. DPP will also evaluate if the interventions selected to prevent the development of NIDDM can decrease the frequency of cardiovascular events and the occurrence and magnitude of the cardiovascular risk factors that accompany NIDDM and IGT. Four thousand volunteers will be recruited from populations known to be at particular high risk fo IGT and NIDDM including the following: elderly, overweight individuals, persons with family history of NIDDM, women with history of gestational diabetes, and minority populations. In order to be eligible, persons who are older than 25 years will have to demonstrate IGT with plasma glucose levels 100-139 mg/dl fasting and 140-199 mg/dL two hours after a 75 g OGTT. Three study intervention were selected based on their potential efficacy in ameliorating abnormal glucose metabolism in IGT and on their safety and tolerable profile of side-effects. The interventions include: intensive lifestyle intervention which focuses on a healthy diet to achieve and maintain at least a 7% loss of body weight and an increase in caloric expenditure of at least 700 kcal per week. The drug therapy interventions include the biguanide metformin and the thiazolidinedione troglizatone. Standard life-style recommendations, which include conventional instructions regarding diet and exercise, will be provided to all participants, including a placebo treated group which will serve as the control group for the study. After randomization, participants will have quarterly evaluations and have, in addition, a fasting plasma glucose at semi-annual visits and a 75 g OGTT at annual visits. All participants will be followed for three years after the study-wide closing date for recruitment, resulting in 3 to 6 years of participant follow-up. The primary outcome is the development of NIDDM according to WHO criteria (fasting plasma glucose level 140 mg/dL or 2-hour plasma glucose 200 mg/dL after a 75 g OGTT). Secondary outcome will focus en cardiovascular disease and its risk factors and change of glycemia, insulin secretion and sensitivity, obesity, physical activity and nutrient intake, quality of life, and the occurrence of adverse events.
Management of diabetes mellitus in pregnancy; During the past decade, our major objective in the management of pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus has become normalization of maternal and, therefore, fetal glucose levels. For most women with insulin-dependent diabetes, this goal may be achieved through the use of multiple insulin injections combined with an appropriate dietary intake. The results of such therapy can now be accurately assessed by means of home glucose monitoring. Patients with gestational diabetes can be properly treated only if they are first identified. Therefore, all pregnant women should be tested for this disorder because screening based on past obstetric history or clinical criteria alone may miss up to 50% of patients with gestational diabetes. Between 1980 and 1984, the perinatal mortality rate reported in the American literature for more than 800 insulin-dependent patients was 21 per 1000, with more than 50% of these deaths resulting from major malformations. Such data emphasize the need to achieve maternal euglycemia before conception, as poor maternal control has been associated with teratogenesis. Pregnancy assessment should also include a thorough evaluation of maternal vasculopathy. © 1985.
Metabolic effects of oral contraceptives: fact vs. fiction.; Many studies show that low-dose OCs have little adverse effect on carbohydrate metabolism and are safe for healthy women, women with a history of gestational diabetes, and women with insulin-dependent diabetes to use. In fact, large epidemiologic studies indicate that OCs, even the high-dose OCs (=or 50 mcg) for long periods, do not increase the risk of diabetes. There is some evidence indicating that OC use does not heighten the progression of diabetic retinopathy, nephropathy, or cardiovascular complications among women with insulin-dependent diabetes. There is no significant difference in carbohydrate metabolism among the different OC formulations. One must carefully consider the risk:benefit ratio of OC use in diabetic women since pregnancy has serious consequences for both mother and fetus. Cardiovascular complications in OC users do not originate from atherogenesis. The androgenic properties of the progestin in low-dose OCs and their effect on lipids are inconsequential for later development of coronary atherogenesis. The estrogen in OCs may protect against atherosclerosis, particularly among women at high risk of atherosclerosis. Former OC users are not at an increased risk of coronary heart disease, stroke, or other heart disease. Lipid changes in OC users tend to remain within the normal range and return to pretreatment values during the pill-free week. All OCs suppress gonadotropins and subsequent ovarian androgen production. They partially suppress androgen production by the adrenals as well. This suppression from two fronts outweighs any androgenic action of the progestin alone. Further, androgenic action probably cannot overpower the estrogen effect. The dose of levonorgestrel used in OCs is too low to express androgenic effects. Since OCs suppress androgen production, all OCs tend to improve acne. OCs reduce free testosterone and increase sex hormone binding globulin levels.
Diabetes, exercise, and atherosclerosis; Regular exercise may diminish the risk for atherosclerotic vascular disease in patients with non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes and in the general population. The basis for this effect of exercise may be its ability to diminish or prevent hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, and/or increases in intra-abdominal adipose mass. These abnormalities are associated with premature atherosclerotic vascular disease, essential hypertension, type II diabetes, and certain dyslipoproteinemias, and most likely precede them. They also have been implicated in the pathogenesis of these disorders. We propose that the high prevalence of hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance in individuals leading a western life-style accounts for the reported benefit of physical activity in preventing coronary heart disease in the general population. We also propose that exercise (and diet) are most likely to be effective when initiated in young individuals, before the onset of irreversible vascular alterations, and when life-style changes may be more acceptable. Early identification of such individuals may be possible on the basis of family history, the presence of components of the hyperinsulinemia-insulin resistance syndrome, and/or central obesity. One such group that may already have been identified is women with gestational diabetes.
Opinion: Pathophysiology of polycystic ovarian disease: New insights; The incidence of polycystic ovarian disease (PCOD) varies from 0.6 to 92%, depending on the parameters analysed, PCOD has been reported to appear in association with Cushing's Syndrome, adrenal hyperplasia, hypothyroidism, adrenal and ovarian tumours and some genetic abnormalities. The controversy regarding the pathophysiological mechanism underlying the disease still persists. Critical evaluation of old data, assessment of new findings concerning the possible role of insulin, growth factors and their binding proteins, and extrapolation of neuroendocrinological experiments enabled the construction of a concise hypothesis of the pathophysiology of PCOD. According to this hypothesis, PCOD is a multifactorial disease. The sequence of events finally leading to clinical manifestation of the disease (hyperandrogenism, abnormal luteinizing hormone pulsatility pattern and ovulation disturbances) may originate in different organs or be triggered by different mechanisms. It may stem from the adrenals, the hypothalamus or higher central nervous system centres, or from the ovary itself; it may originate from excess of fat tissue usually combined with hyperinsulinism; or may be the result of a net increase in active growth factors. Each of the above disturbances probably appears early in life, much before the clinical signs of the disease are evident. Predisposing factors such as gestational diabetes of the mother, childhood obesity, borderline adrenal hyperplasia and late menarche have to be looked for as early as possible in order to prevent the late consequences of the disease, such as increased risk of infertility, endometrial and breast cancer and cardiovascular disease. © 1991 Oxford University Press.
‘Healthy living’ and sulphonylurea theraphy have different effects on glucose tolerance and risk factors for vascular disease in subject with impaired glucose tolerance; This study was undertaken to determine whether impaired glucose tolerance and associated risk factors for cardiovascular disease can be improved with ‘healthy living’ by diet and exercise or with sulphonylurea therapy. Patients were recruited by screening subjects with either a family history of type II diabetes, previous gestational diabetes, or a previously raised plasma glucose (5.6–6.6 mmol/l). Impaired glucose tolerance was defined as hyperglycaemia on two separate tests, an achieved glucose level after a glucose infusion test above the 90th percentile of an age-matched normal population (> 9.3 mmol/l) or a fasting plasma glucose above the 95th percentile (> 5.6 mmol/l). Thirty-seven subjects with impaired glucose tolerance were entered into a randomized, prospective study for 6 months with allocations to healthy living or double blind to sulphonylurea (gliclazide 40 mg twice daily) or placebo tablets. The study took place in an outpatient setting, with three times weekly exercise sessions at a Sports Centre. After 6 months the placebo group showed no change in plasma glucose, cholesterol and blood pressure. The subjects receiving gliclazide showed improved glucose levels (mean fasting plasma glucose levels fell from 5.8 to 5.1 mmol/l, p<0.05) but no significant change in plasma cholesterol or blood pressure. The healthy living group, after exclusion of four non-compliant subjects, showed no change in glucose levels, but a decreased systolic blood pressure (fall in mean from 124 to 116 mmHg, p<0.05) and plasma cholesterol levels (fall in mean from 5.2 to 4.5 mmol/l, p0.01) with an increase in HDL:LDL ratio (rise in mean from 0.39 to 0.46, p<0.05). Subjects with impaired glucose tolerance may benefit in different ways from gliclazide and healthy living. The metabolic responses to each therapy may help to decrease the risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease. © 1993 Oxford University Press.
Perinatal hyperinsulinism as possible predisposing factor for diabetes mellitus, obesity and enhanced cardiovascular risk in later life; The importance of the intrauterine and neonatal metabolic environment as possible teratogenic determinants of predispositions to diabetes, obesity and cardiovascular diseases is discussed. Epidemiological, clinical and experimental results suggest that gestational diabetes or even slightly impaired glucose tolerance during pregnancy are important risk factors for the development of an increased Type II- and even Type I diabetes susceptibility in the offspring. In addition, early prenatal undernutrition might also predispose to enhanced risk of Type II diabetes, whereas perinatal overnutrition seems to enhance predominantly Type I diabetes susceptibility. In this context, fetal and/or neonatal hyperinsulinism occurring during a critical period of brain development and leading to permanent malorganization of hypothalamic regulation centres for metabolism and hence to malprogramming of the hypothalamo-pancreatic system, is discussed as a possible reason for lifelong enhanced diabetes susceptibility. In view of epidemiological and experimental findings, an epigenetic maternofetal transmission of such acquired persistent modifications can run over several generations, mediated by gestational hyperglycaemia and fetal or neonatal hyperinsulinism. In conclusion, a partial prophylaxis of diabetes mellitus, obesity and cardiovascular diseases appears to be possible by prevention of gestational diabetes - even mild forms of impaired glucose tolerance during pregnancy - as well as early prenatal undernutrition and perinatal overnutrition.
Diabetes mellitus - A priority health care issue for women; Diabetes occurs in more than 13 million persons in the United States, and approximately 60% of the new cases are diagnosed in women. This review examines health issues related to women with diabetes mellitus. The following issues are discussed in the review. The prevalence of diabetes is higher in Native-American, black, and Hispanic women than in white women. Women with upper-body obesity are at risk for developing non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and women with diabetes are at risk for developing heart disease. Diabetes, obesity, and heart disease are all modifiable by nutrition. White women with diabetes derive approximately 40% of energy from fat, which is 10% greater than the national goal. Women with a history of gestational diabetes are at risk for developing NIDDM. Women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) are at high risk of developing complications in pregnancy, and pregnancy outcomes improve with preconceptual counseling. Women with IDDM are at risk for developing eating disorders, although not to a greater extent than the nondiabetic population. Women with diabetes are at risk for developing endometrial cancer. Both IDDM and NIDDM prevention clinical trials are in progress, although none target women specifically. Dietetics practitioners are encouraged to use local and national diabetes resources. © 1994 The American Dietetic Association.
Ethnic differences in lipid and lipoprotein metabolism in pregnant women of African and Caucasian origin; Ains-To investigate differences in serum lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein concentrations in pregnant women of different ethnic origin. Methods-Serum lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein concentrations were measured in 232 women (114 Caucasians, 118 AfricanslAfro-Caribbeans), who presented consecutively for screening for gestational diabetes in the third trimester of pregnancy. Results-African/Afro-Caribbean pregnant women had lower serum concentrations of total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and apolipoprotein B and higher high density lipoprotein cholesterol and Lp(a) lipoprotein concentrations compared with Caucasian women. Apolipoprotein Al concentrations were similar in the two groups. The differences were not attributable to differences in weight, age, parity, or postload plasma glucose levels. Conclusion-Ethnic origin is an important determinant of serum lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein concentrations during pregnancy.
Oral contraception and carbohydrate metabolism: III - Practical implications; The oral contraceptives induced alteration in glucose tolerance is able to promote the production of an impaired glucose tolerance or even an overt diabetes mellitus; and participates to the deleterious action of the pill on vessels. Oral contraception is absolutely contra-indicated in certain cases of diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance where it comprises a particularly high vascular and/or metabolic risk. However, in all cases of diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance a local contraception, uterine or vaginal, must be preferred to oral contraception.; Effects of oral contraceptives (OCs) on glucose metabolism can be considered on 2 levels: production of diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance, and production or aggravation of vascular complications caused by chronic hyperglycemia. Combined OCs can promote development of diabetes in predisposed women. The frequency of impaired glucose tolerance increases and the reversibility of the condition decreases with duration of use. Subjects with impaired glucose tolerance are known to have much higher eventual rates of diabetes than normal subjects. It can be concluded that OC usage in the long run can indirectly increase the incidence of diabetes. It is now accepted that diabetic microangiopathy is related to the degree and duration of hyperglycemia, although a genetic component appears to determine its severity. The possibility that OCs thicken the basal membranes of capillaries, an index of diabetic microangiopathy, cannot be formally ruled out. On the macroangiopathic level, OCs considerably increase the incidence of cardiovascular maladies. The relative risk of death for all cardiovascular diseases taken together is tripled in OC users. The excess mortality is related primarily to increased incidence of myocardial infarcts, cerebral vascular accidents, and pulmonary emboli. 2 kinds of vascular accidents are related to pill use: early venous or arterial accidents of poorly elucidated physiopathology, and arterial accidents after longer use which recall the classic atherosclerotic factors related to chronic hyperglycemia. A study by Whitehall of 18,403 subjects indicated that even slight deterioration of glucose tolerance caused by pills might aggravate vascular risks. All pills produce a state of chronic hyperinsulinemia. Chronic hyperinsulinemia has been incriminated as an atherosclerotic risk factor because of its effects on the arterial walls, including proliferation of smooth muscle fibers and development of fat-filled lesions similar to those of early atherosclerosis. Atherosclerosis is multifactorial, and OCs aggravate most of the factors. Pill-induced hypertension is associated with more serious deterioration of glucose tolerance and more severe hyperlipidemia. Few epidemiologic studies have examined the vascular risks of OCs in a population of diabetic women, but 1 study of 120 insulin-dependent diabetic women using OCs and 136 insulin dependent nonusers found 4 vascular accidents in users under 30 years old and none in nonusers. Deterioration of glucose tolerance in normal women using OCs should be regarded as a sign of increased vascular risk. Glucose tolerance should be determined for all women prior to OC prescription. OCs in any form are contraindicated in cases of a history of gestational diabetes or of diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance appearing with pill use and disappearing on termination of use; in cases of impaired glucose tolerance with a familial or obstetric history of diabetes; and of diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance complicated with angiopathy. Relative contraindications to OC use include diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance in cases where angiopathy is absent. Low-dose pregestin pills may be used in such cases. Effective contraception is necessary for diabetic women. The IUD may be used in well controlled diabetics with careful surveillance for infection.
Abdominal fat and insulin resistance in normal and overweight women: Direct measurements reveal a strong relationship in subjects at both low and high risk of NIDDM; Insulin resistance appears to be central to obesity, NIDDM, hyperlipidemia, and cardiovascular disease. While obese women with abdominal (android) fat distribution are more insulin resistant than those with peripheral (gynecoid) obesity, in nonobese women, the relationship between abdominal fat and insulin resistance is unknown. By measuring regional adiposity with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and insulin sensitivity by euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp in 22 healthy women, with a mean ± SE body BMI of 26.7 ± 0.9 kg/m2 and differing risk factors for NIDDM, we found a strong negative relationship between central abdominal (intra-abdominal plus abdominal subcutaneous) fat and whole-body insulin sensitivity (r = -0.89, P < 0.0001) and nonoxidative glucose disposal (r = -0.77, P < 0.001), independent of total adiposity, family history of NIDDM, and past gestational diabetes. There was a large variation in insulin sensitivity, with a similar variation in central fat, even in those whose BMI was <25 kg/m2. Abdominal fat had a significantly stronger relationship with insulin sensitivity than peripheral nonabdominal fat (r2 = 0.79 vs. 0.44), and higher levels were associated with increased fasting nonesterified fatty acids, lipid oxidation, and hepatic glucose output. Because 79% of the variance in insulin sensitivity in this heterogeneous population was accounted for by central fat, abdominal adiposity appears to be a strong marker and may be a major determinant of insulin resistance in women.
Role of Prenatal Echocardiography in the Study of Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy in the Fetus; The increased incidence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in children of diabetic mothers has already been demonstrated, but its prenatal diagnosis has not yet been extensively studied. The purpose of this prospective study was to evaluate the frequency, severity, and echocardiography features of fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in a population with several indications for prenatal echocardiography. From March 1987 to April 1991,283 fetuses were submitted to comprehensive prenatal echocardiography, including M‐mode measurements, cross‐sectional imaging, Doppler studies, and color flow mapping. One hundred seventy‐six were pregnancies complicated by previous or gestational diabetes. The diagnosis of disproportionate septal hypertrophy was made in 39 fetuses (mean septal thickness 7.12 ±1.6 mm), at a mean gestational age of 32 weeks. Diabetes mellitus was present in 36 of these pregnancies (92.3%). In four cases, nonimmune hydrops was detected. A systolic anterior motion of the mitral valve was present in three fetuses, but only one showed a gradient across the left ventricular outflow tract. Postnatal echocardiography examination in 27 babies did not show false positivity. In ten cases, spontaneous regression of the septal hypertrophy was shown. There were three neonatal deaths, unrelated to the myocardial disease. We concluded that transient hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a frequent entity, especially when associated with diabetes during gestation, being a potential cause for nonimmune hydrops. Fetal echocardiography is the method of choice for its prenatal diagnosis and should always be indicated in diabetic mothers. (ECHOCARDIOGRAPHY, Volume 8, November 1991) Copyright © 1991, Wiley Blackwell. All rights reserved
Inherited diseases in North American Mennonites: Focus on Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonites; The patterns of migration and the genetic disorders occurring among North American Mennonites are reviewed, and inherited conditions recently recognized in a religious and genetic isolate, the Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonites, are described. Old Colony Mennonites are of Dutch/German origin and descend from approximately 400 founding families who settled in the Old Colony, Chortitza (the Ukraine, USSR) in the late 1700s, and then migrated to Canada and Central and South America in the past century. We investigated over 6 generations of a Canadian Old Colony kindred in which there was extensive intermarriage, and in whom 28 individuals developed diabetes mellitus. Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) occurred in 14 affected individuals in 10 closely related sibships; the 11 living IDDM patients were all concordant for the immunogenetic marker HLA-DR4. Fourteen close relatives had other disorders of carbohydrate metabolism, including gestational diabetes and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Other close relatives had autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, hyper- and hypothyroidism, multiple sclerosis, and red cell aplasia. Other inherited diseases, including Alport syndrome, congenital defects, and inborn errors of metabolism were also found in the kindred. In the almost exclusively (99%) Old Colony Mennonite public health district in which the kindred was ascertained, there were multiple cases of Tourette syndrome, of malformations (including congenital heart defects and clef lip ± palate), and familial clusters of inborn errors of metabolism. We report this Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonite isolate because 1) there are large familial aggregations of tissue-specific autoimmune diseases, malformations, inborn errors of metabolism, and of some other conditions whose genetic basis is still unknown; 2) there are multiple cases of rare genetic conditions; 3) we have established a computerized genealogic data base on over 1,000 kindred members as well as a cryopreserved lymphocyte/DNA bank on over 100 closely related individuals with various genetic conditions; and 4) this religious isolate, which extends across North, Central, and South America, offers an excellent opportunity for studying the epidemiology and molecular genetics of both common and rare inherited diseases.
Oral contraceptive use in women with chronic medical conditions; Health care practitioners are often faced with the dilemma of whether or not to provide oral contraceptives to women who have certain chronic medical conditions. This article reviews literature regarding the use of oral contraceptives in clients with histories of gestational diabetes, mitral valve prolapse or sickle cell disease. Recommendations for management are provided regarding oral contraceptive use in women with these conditions. © Williams and Wilkins 1989. All Rights Reserved.
Influence of pregnancy on the 75-g OGTT: A prospective multicenter study; This study reports the responses to a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in 1009 pregnant women from throughout Europe. We reached the following conclusions. 1) A pregnant woman tends to have blood glucose concentrations that are elevated for a longer period of time after an oral glucose load. Therefore, ∼10% of women will reach or exceed 8 mM glucose at 2 h, but it is unlikely that 10% of European women have disordered carbohydrate metabolism. 2) The fasting and 1-h values should be included in any analysis of the response of the patient. By doing this, many fewer women will have responses regarded as abnormal; in this series, it reduced the 79 women with a 2-h value >8 mM to 15 who were considered to have carbohydrate intolerance (2 with diabetes, 13 with impaired glucose tolerance [IGT]). 3) By increasing the 2-h cutoff value to ≥9 mM, the number of women regarded as at risk would be reduced by >50% (from 79 to 32 in this series), but 10 of the 13 women with two abnormal values would still have been detected, as would the 2 diabetic women. 4) From the obstetric viewpoint, mothers who screen positive do not have bigger babies, they deliver close to term, and they do not have particular stigmas such as a family history of diabetes or an increased tendency to smoke or to have an adverse obstetric outcome. However, they do tend to be older and heavier. This raises the question of whether the apparent longer-term consequences such as coronary artery disease and hypertension are not in some measure due to these factors rather than carbohydrate intolerance alone. 5) We recommend that the screening test for disordered carbohydrate tolerance should be based on a 75-g OGTT with at least three blood samples: fasting, 60 min, and 120 min. The fasting value should not exceed 7 mM, the 1-h level should be <11 mM, and the 2-h value should be <9 mM. To diagnose IGT, either the fasting or 1-h concentration should be above the stated values in addition to a 2-h value <9 mM. Diabetes should be diagnosed with the existing World Health Organization criteria. 6) The term gestational diabetes should be reserved for those in whom blood glucose levels are diagnostic of diabetes and not IGT. If the term IGT during pregnancy is too long, the abbreviation gestational IGT is a reasonable alternative.
Does gestational diabetes represent an obstetrical risk factor?; In order to assess the clinical consequences of gestational diabetes in the index pregnancy, a group of patients with positive oral glucose challenge test and their matched controls have been closely followed up. No differences in perinatal outcome have been pointed out, except for the higher rate (p <0.01) among diabetic patients of preterm delivery and pregnancy-induced hypertension. The prevalence of the latter has shown no relationship to maternal obesity. In view of these data, the future risk of cardiovascular disease of this cohort of patients needs to be assessed with a follow-up study. © 1994 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Reduced short-term variability of fetal heart rate in association with maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy in insulin-dependent diabetic women; The differential index, which describes the short-term component of fetal heart rate variability, and maternal blood glucose levels were measured 109 times in 19 insulin-dependent diabetic mothers in the second half of gestation. An abnormal differential index was observed more often with maternal hyperglycemia ( 11 45) than with normoglycemia ( 5 64). A significant negative linear correlation was found between the differential index and the blood glucose level of the mother. © 1983.
Contraception for the diabetic woman; The various contraceptive methods available today are examined here: natural methods; sterilization; intrauterine devices; oral contraceptives. The analysis of the advantages and disadvantages of each of them indicates that in the diabetic woman low dosages of estrogen-progestins are the most suitable for short-term contraception since they do not seem to influence diabetic control. Once the patient has completed her family, the choice of method for long-term contraception is intrauterine devices or sterilization.; The menstrual cycle of the diabetic woman is irregular, therefore natural methods are not very reliable. Among male contraceptive methods vasectomy has the advantage of simplicity, requiring only local anesthesia. It does not require surgical intervention in the diabetic woman, but the disadvantage is its irreversibility. There have been numerous attempts with steroids, vaccines, and chemical substances, however, there is no contraceptive yet that is effective and harmless. Once the diabetic woman has achieved the desired family size, sterilization is more often used and it is safe. Sterilization should not be performed during cesarean section, especially not during preterm delivery. The route of choice is laparoscopy or the vaginal route. IUDs are not recommended for nulliparous women because of the possibility of tubal inflammation and hence the effect on fertility. Oral contraceptives (OCs) have shown a diabetogenic effect that has not been fully confirmed. This effect is attributed to the progesterone component. The risk of cardiovascular disease increases in diabetic patients during long-term use according to some studies. A 1991 study indicated that low-dose contraceptives used for 6 months by women with gestational diabetes did not provoke changes in the glucose tolerance test and the lipid profile. Similar findings were obtained in 100 women followed up for 5 years who had been implanted subcutaneously with silicone capsules containing 16 mg of levonorgestrel. The contraceptive vaccine could solve all these metabolic problems, however, research is still at the beginning. In sum, for short-term use in nulliparous women low-dose OCs are suitable, while for the long term the IUD or female or male sterilization is recommended.
Contraception guidance in women with pre-existing disturbances in carbohydrate metabolism; Objectives: To review our studies on the clinical and metabolic impact of contraceptive methods in women with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in order to provide suggestions for the contraceptive counselling of these women. Methods: The clinical events following first insertions of copper IUDs were studied in 103 women with IDDM and in 119 non-diabetic women. Moreover we studied the effects on glycometabolic control and lipid metabolism in women with well-controlled IDDM using low-dose oral contraceptives (OCs) containing ethinylestradiol combined with norethisterone (n = 10), levonorgestrel (n = 9) or gestodene (n = 11). Hemostatic and endothelial function was also studied in the women using the gestodene-containing preparation. Finally, we studied the impact of oral contraceptives on the insulin sensitivity in women with previous GDM. Results: The continuation rates and indications for medical removal of the IUDs were similar in the diabetic and the non-diabetic women. There was no increased pregnancy rate or increased frequency of pelvic inflammatory disease in the diabetic women. The glycemic control was not changed by the OCs and none of the treatment regimens were associated with changes in plasma lipids linked to increased risk of atherosclerosis. Indications of increased fibrin formation, which seemed to be compensated by increased fibrinolytic activity, were noted with the gestodene-containing preparation. None of the women developed microalbuminuria during the study. Compared to normal women, we found reduced insulin sensitivity in the women with previous GDM using the pill. Conclusion: Intrauterine devices and barrier methods can be used by diabetic women with the same reservations as in the general population. Low-dose OCs do not influence the glycemic control and have no adverse impact on plasma lipids. The balance between fibrin formation and resolution was maintained during intake of the gestodene-containing pill. Our findings suggest that combined oral contraceptives can be used in women with uncomplicated IDDM and in women with previous GDM if clinical and metabolic monitoring can be ensured.
Plasma fibrinogen concentration in a Chinese population; Plasma fibrinogen concentration has been shown to be a predictor of major cardiovascular events. Information on plasma fibrinogen amongst Chinese has been scanty. We examined the relationships between plasma fibrinogen concentration and cardiovascular risk factors in 988 chinese subjects who underwent 75 g oral glucose tolerance test for screening for glucose intolerance. The study involved a selected sample with subjects who had an history of gestational diabetes, delivery of big babies (birth weight ≤ 4 kg), equivocal plasma glucose concentrations and subjects who were family members of diabetic patients. This was mainly a non-smoking (96.6%), non-drinking (98%) and non-exercising (99%) population of which 87% (n = 855) were female. Among the 988 subjects (age ± S.D. 36.8 ± 10.2, range 16-79 years), plasma fibrinogen concentration ranged from 1.40 to 9.90 g/l with a mean of 3.26 ± 0.93 g/l. On stratification of the subjects into 4 quartiles based on plasma fibrinogen concentrations, we found that increased plasma fibrinogen was associated with older age, higher body mass index (BMI), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (BP), fasting and 2 h plasma glucose (PG), prevalence of diabetes, glycated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)) and triglyceride (TG) level. After adjustment for age and sex, increased plasma fibrinogen concentration remained associated with higher BMI, systolic BP, 2 h PG and TG level. On multivariate analysis using age, BMI, BP, TG, HbA(1c), and PG as independent variables, plasma fibrinogen was independently related to plasma TG concentration and HbA(1c). With 1 S.D. change in TG concentration and HbA(1c), there were 3.7 and 5.2% changes in plasma fibrinogen concentration respectively. These findings emphasize the close relationships between plasma fibrinogen and cardiovascular risk factors, in particular abnormal lipid and glucose metabolism.
DIABCARE data set collection: Benefits and warnings; The aim of this study was to assess the benefits and warnings of DIABCARE Data Set (DDS) collection using the DIABCARE program adapted to a net environment in a hospital based outpatient consultation. Experience with 293 patients is reported with 84.6% of the records completed. The first benefit is DDS exploitation as a registry. This showed that 4.4% of the patients skipped the visit. Diabetes-type characterisation was: 43% IDDM, 28.9% NIDDM (other types 27.6%). Up to 77.1% of IDDM patients received treatment with multiple injection therapy (≥3 injections/day), and 88.8% NIDDM received oral agents and/or insulin. The blood glucose self monitoring status was 98% in IDDM and 80.5% in NIDDM. Status of St. Vincent Declaration targets showed blindness 2.1%/7.9%, end-stage renal failure 2%/1.5%, amputation 0%/0%, myocardial infarction 1%/15.2%, stroke 0%/7.6% in IDDM and NIDDM patients, respectively, and outcome for pregnancies ending in the last year: normal in women with IDDM and 6.7% abortion rate in women with gestational diabetes mellitus. The warnings from the analysis of IDDM and NIDDM patients derive from incomplete files for some risk factors or process indicators: i.e. registry of cigarette smoking status was lacking in 19.4% of patients, proteinuria/albuminuria in 17.1%, fundoscopy in 13.8%. This analysis allowed quantification of risk groups: i.e. active smokers 39.8%; previous hypoglycaemic emergency 8.4%; patients with feet at risk 31.5% (either abnormal sensitivity, absent foot pulses or acute/healed ulcers); risk of blindness 12.6% (maculopathy, preproliferative retinopathy, proliferative retinopathy or advanced eye disease). On the basis of this information, intervention and initiation of quality assurance circles can be programmed.
Risk factors for gestational diabetes in black population; In a long-term longitudinal study of gestational diabetes mellitus in Black women, risk factors that were identified were age, obesity, a family history of diabetes, and the presence of hypertension. Poor predictors were a history of a previous large-for-date infant, parity, and age at first pregnancy. The prevalence of smooth muscle and nuclear autoantibodies was higher in gestational diabetic subjects. Gestational diabetic subjects who required insulin for glycemic control were more obese, had a lower frequency of the Bf-F phenotype and a higher frequency of the Bf-F1 phenotype, and had a lower frequency of the type 2 allele at the polymorphic locus adjacent to the insulin gene. Restriction-fragment-length polymorphisms flanking the insulin and apolipoprotein A-I and C-III genes, although not associated with gestational diabetes mellitus, may be associated with hyperlipidemia and subsequent atherosclerosis.
Therapeutic exercise for insulin-requiring gestational diabetics: Effects on the fetus — results of a randomized prospective longitudinal study; Regular physical activity is an established therapeutic adjunct in diabetes, but has not been offered to pregnant diabetics in the past; for sports might induce significant cardiovascular and hormonal changes that are able to reduce blood flow to the uterus and thus limit oxygen transfer to the fetus. Studying the impact of a medically supervised exercise program on gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM) in a randomised prospective longitudinal study, this paper aims to assess the effects of maternal moderate and strenuous exercise on the fetus. By evaluating shortterm fetal responses as reflected in heart rate patterns (FHR) and longterm-pregnancy complications and neonatal outcome, our results suggest that — in absence of ominous FHR changes or significant changes in uterine activity following the exercise sessions or increased diabetes-related peri- and neonatal morbidity — regular physical activity seems to be a safe therapeutic option for the fetus of GDM mothers. © 1993, Walter de Gruyter. All rights reserved.
Combined estrogen-progestagen contraception and glucid and water-sodium metabolism; Although combined oral contraceptives (OCs) do not create a true cardiovascular risk, they may increase the impact of existing vascular risk factors. Pill use disturbs metabolism of lipids and carbohydrates as well as the balance of water and sodium. New combinations with lower doses of steroids have significantly reduced these risks, and the development of new and less androgenic progestins for low dose pills is expected to reduce them further. The diabetogenic effect of OCs has been noted since 1963. Among normal women, the observed modifications in carbohydrate metabolism are minor and temporary, with increases in levels of blood sugar maximal at the beginning of use and normalizing after 12 months. Among women with family histories of diabetes or who have had gestational diabetes, use of combined OCs can entail irreversible deterioration of glucose tolerance or diabetes. The number of women with poor glucose tolerance increases with the duration of pill use. Reversibility of the condition decreases with duration of use. The proportion of women with poor glucose tolerance who develop diabetes is higher than among normal subjects. Women with poor glucose tolerance must be considered at risk of diabetes. Ethinyl estradiol is responsible for the early modification of glucose tolerance, which regresses after about 6 months of use. Hyperinsulinemia is caused by the direct stimulation of progestins on insulin secretion by the pancreas as well as by the development of peripheral resistence to glucose utilization resulting from a decrease of insulin receptors. The effect on insulin resistence is among the most androgenic progestins. Chronic hyperinsulinism represents a classic risk factor for atherosclerosis because of the effects on the arterial wall: proliferation of smooth muscle fibers, inhibition of lipolysis, and development of lesions of the intima analogous to those of atheroma. Estrogen is primarily responsible for the increased blood pressure of pill users, but the development of hypertension is also correlated with the progestin content. Progestins have an antidiuretic effect which contributes to increases in blood pressure when added to the estrogen stimulation of the renin-aldosterone-angiotensin system. Gestodene, a new progestin in the gonane series, is the most powerful synthetic progesterone yet known. Its uniqueness derives from the dissociation between its very powerful antigonadotropic activity even at small doses and its androgenic effects which only appear at considerably higher doses. Most of the metabolic effects of progestins are linked to their degree of androgenicity. Different studies of gestodene tolerance in a triphasic formulation have concluded that it is innocuous. The use of gestodene in a low-dose triphasic formulation may result in a combined OC that does not increase the individual atheromatous risk of the user.
Maternal morbidity associated with triplet pregnancy; The objective of this article is to describe maternal morbidity in a large cohort of triplet pregnancies managed by a single Maternal-Fetal Medicine group over a short period of time. Records from all triplet pregnancies managed and delivered from 1992 to 1996 were reviewed for maternal outcome data. Pregnancies delivered prior to 20 weeks were excluded. During the 4-year study period, 55 triplet pregnancies were managed and delivered at this center. The most common maternal complication was preterm labor, which occurred in 42 cases (76%). Preterm premature rupture of membranes occurred in 11 cases (20%). Pregnancy-induced hypertensive complications occurred in 15 cases (27%), which included severe preeclampsia 13 (24%), hemolysis, elevated liver function tests, and low platelets (HELLP) syndrome 5 (9%), and eclampsia 1 (2%). Other maternal antenatal complications included anemia 15 (27%), acute fatty liver of pregnancy 4 (7%), gestational diabetes 4 (7%), supraventricular tachyarrhythmias 2 (4%), dermatoses 2 (4%), urinary tract infection 2 (4%), and acute disc prolapse requiring surgery in 1 case (2%). Postnatal complications occurred in 18 cases (33%), including endometritis 13 (24%), postpartum hemorrhage 5 (9%), pneumonia 2 (4%), urinary tract infection 2 (4%), and diastasis of rectus muscles requiring surgery in 1 (2%). There were no maternal deaths. Antenatal and postnatal maternal complications occur in almost all triplet gestations, suggesting that such pregnancies be managed at centers that have appropriate multidisciplinary expertise available.
Class H diabetes and pregnancy; Class H diabetes is defined as the presence of diabetes of any duration associated with ischemic myocardial disease. Because of a lack of experience with the coexistence of myocardial ischemic disease and diabetes during pregnancy, it is difficult to offer patients an accurate prognosis for mother and infant during such a gestation. Previous reports suggest that outcomes in this situation are almost routinely poor. It is likely, however, that there is a subset of patients within the class H diabetic population in whom pregnancy can be successful. Reported are the pregnancies of three such patients. The authors suggest that careful attention to cardiac status and glycemic control contribute to both maternal and fetal well-being. Prepregnancy screening of class H patients for evidence of cardiac dysfunction may allow for the screening of those class H diabetic women who are most likely to achieve successful pregnancy outcome. 1985 The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. © 1985 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Assessment and management of pregnancies complicated by pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus.; Diabetes mellitus is a commonly encountered medical complication of pregnancy that affects more than 100,000 pregnancies annually. The discovery of insulin and numerous scientific advances, including both fetal heart rate and glucose monitoring, dramatically improved the outlook for women with diabetes and their offspring. However, despite these recent advances, women with diabetes and their infants still remain at higher risk for a number of complications. Pregnancy has frequently been characterized as having a diabetogenic effect on normal carbohydrate metabolism, as evidenced by hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia in response to feeding. This leads to gestational diabetes in 2% to 3% of women and a worsened metabolic state in women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Since the availability of nutrients for the fetus is primarily dependent on the maternal metabolic state, these aberrations in fuel metabolism are believed to result in a host of perinatal complications, including diabetic embryopathy. In fact, the frequency of congenital anomalies is increased among infants of women with diabetes; they are responsible for approximately 40% of all perinatal deaths. Recent evidence suggests that normalization of blood glucose levels coupled with contemporary management strategies can reduce the frequency of congenital anomalies as well as improve maternal and neonatal outcomes. However, to impact on the congenital anomalies, euglycemia must begin in the preconceptual period and continue throughout organogenesis. Preconception counseling and intensive therapy regimens remain the focus of management programs targeted at women with diabetes.
Placental pathology and abnormal fetal heart rate patterns in gestational diabetes; Infants of diabetic mothers are considered to be at increased risk of fetal distress. We suggest that umbilical vasculitis is strongly associated with abnormal fetal heart rate patterns, which indicate fetal tissue hypoxia even in the absence of clinical evidence of intrapartum infection. In the present series, 132 term deliveries with Class A diabetes mellitus were compared with 159 uncomplicated term deliveries. Umbilical vasculitis and gestational age greater than 281 days were both highly correlated with abnormal fetal heart rate patterns in diabetic pregnancies (p < 0.001). These effects were shown to be independent by multiple logistic regression. There was no difference in mean birthweight between infants of diabetic mothers and those of uncomplicated pregnancies, but infants of diabetic mothers had heavier placentas (p < 0.01). These data further support our hypothesis that umbilical vasculitis may affect umbilical hemodynamics and predispose to development of abnormal fetal heart rate patterns.. © 1989 Informa UK Ltd All rights reserved: reproduction in whole or part not permitted.
Nutrition measures for managed care report cards; Health plan 'report cards,' that is, published summaries of health plan performance, are a new way to help consumers select a health plan on the basis of cost and quality. The Health Plan Employer Data and Information Set (HEDIS) includes a set of health plan performance measures, standardized definitions, and methods for data collection. HEDIS is used as the basis for many report card initiatives and is the preferred tool of the managed care industry for measuring health plan performance. Nevertheless, the current list of HEDIS performance measures omits many health services, including medical nutrition therapy. Nutrition measures have the potential for wide appeal among health care stakeholders (ie, payers, consumers, and providers). Four measures related to medical nutrition therapy are proposed for managed care report cards: staffing for nutrition services and medical nutrition therapy for high cholesterol level, gestational diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Barriers to adopting medical nutrition therapy measures in HEDIS include the need to address technical issues before considering new measures and competition from other potential measures. Steps to create support for medical nutrition therapy measures in HEDIS should focus on influencing representatives of health plans and employers to include these measures. The involvement of registered dietitians in the dynamic process of health plan evaluation is an important extension of ongoing efforts for strategic positioning in the managed care market.
Association of gestational diabetes with abnormal maternal vascular endothelial function; Objective To evaluate vascular endothelial function in isolated small arteries from women with gestational diabetes. Methods Small subcutaneous arteries (mean luminal diameter ∼ 250μm) were dissected from biopsies obtained at caesarean section in 14 normotensive women with gestational diabetes and in 18 normotensive nondiabetic pregnant women. Vascular function was determined after mounting the arteries on a small vessel myograph. Results Pre-constricted arteries from gestational diabetic pregnant women demonstrated poor relaxation to acetylcholine, an endothelium-dependent vasodilator (pEC50, mean [SE], 6.98 [0.10] vs normal pregnant, 7.28 [0.08], P < 0.03; % maximum relaxation, median [range], 88.2 [42.4–994] vs normal pregnant 94.2 [71.8–100.0], P < 0.01). In the presence of indomethacin relaxation to acetylcholine was similar in both groups suggesting a deficiency in dilator prostaglandin synthesis in the arteries from the diabetic women. The nitric oxide synthase inhibitor N -monomethyl-L-arginine further reduced sensitivity of arteries to acetylcholine but to a similar degree in both normal pregnant and gestational diabetic women. Relaxation to sodium nitroprusside, an indicator of sensitivity of the vascular smooth muscle to nitric oxide, was similar in both groups. Conclusions Maternal vascular endothelial dysfunction may contribute to the increased incidence of cardiovascular disorders in women with gestational diabetes. © 1997 Wiley. All rights reserved.
Fetal echocardiographic screening of diabetic pregnancies for congenital heart disease; This study sought to assess pregnant diabetic women for the presence of fetal cardiac anomalies and to determine whether better diabetic control was associated with a reduced risk to the fetus. Between 1988 and 1995, pregnant type I and II diabetic women routinely underwent fetal echocardiography. Hemoglobin A1c values were used as an indicator of maternal diabetic control and any relation between congenital heart disease in the fetus and maternal hemoglobin A1c levels was sought. Cardiac defects were identified in 7 of 328 pregnancies assessed, for an incidence of congenital heart disease of 2.1% (95% confidence interval: 0.6-3.6%). A review of the postnatal cardiac database did not reveal any undetected major malformations. The mean hemoglobin A1c level was 7.6% ± 2.0% obtained at a mean gestational age of 12±7 weeks. Hemoglobin Alc levels of mothers carrying a fetus with congenital heart disease did not significantly differ from those with a normal fetus: 8.1% ± 3.4% versus 7.6% ± 1.9% (p = 0.48). Mothers with an affected fetus demonstrated a wide range of HbAlc levels (4.1 to 13.7%). Thus, the incidence of significant fetal cardiac abnormalities is low and not significantly related to maternal diabetic control.
New Concepts in Extracellular Signaling for Insulin Action: The Single Gateway Hypothesis; Insulin resistance is a precursor to and primary cause of Type 2 diabetes mellitus. In addition, insulin resistance is associated with other chronic diseases, including gestational diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. Resistance to insulin's effects on carbohydrate metabolism include diminished actions of insulin to enhance glucose uptake and suppress endogenous glucose production. This chapter introduces new concepts related to the mechanism by which insulin stimulates glucose utilization in vivo and demonstrates that these processes are mechanistically linked to glucose production. Insulin acts rapidly in vitro to stimulate glucose uptake; in contrast, its effects in vivo are relatively slow in the conscious animal or human subject. The explanation for this difference between in vitro and in vivo dynamics is the delay associated with insulin transport across capillary endothelium of insulin-sensitive tissues (primarily muscle). Also, interstitial insulin is attenuated in concentration compared to plasma insulin at basal as well as under hyperinsulinemic conditions (plasma:interstitial ratio, 3:2). The sluggishness of insulin action and the attenuation in insulin concentration can be explained by a model in which transendothelial insulin transport is restricted and interstitial insulin binds to insulin-sensitive cells, where the hormone is internalized and degraded. Whether insulin transport occurs by a hormone-specific mechanism (i.e., via receptors on endothelial cells) was tested by comparing transport at physiological with pharmacological insulin concentrations - evidence supports a nonspecific mechanism of transport across endothelium (i.e., diffusion or transcytosis). Transendothelial transport alters the in vivo patterns of insulin signaling - biphasic plasma insulin after glucose injection is reflected in a simple, rapid increase in interstitial insulin to an elevated concentration. The time course of insulin's effect to suppress endogenous glucose output is a mirror image of its effect to enhance glucose uptake; however, there is no transendothelial barrier to insulin action at the liver. The similarity in action dynamics at periphery and liver was explained by a mechanism in which insulin crosses into peripheral tissue and alters a "second (blood-borne) signal" that, in turn, suppresses liver glucose production. Of various possible alternative candidates for the second signal, declining plasma free fatty acids appear to signal suppression of glucose production. We have proposed the "single gateway hypothesis" to explain insulin's action on carbohydrate metabolism in vivo: insulin crosses the endothelial boundary in skeletal muscle (to stimulate glucose disposal) and traverses the endothelial barrier in adipose tissue to suppress lipolysis. The declining free fatty acids are proposed to be a major factor in the insulin-mediated decline in glucose output. This mechanism can be contrasted with the classical concept that portal insulin controls the liver directly. Recent evidence supports the concept that, under normal levels of glucagonemia, less than 25% of the suppression of hepatic glucose output by insulin is due to a direct effect of insulin via the portal vein and that most of the effect (∼75%) is explained by the indirect single gateway mechanism. These results raise the question of whether hepatic insulin resistance in Type 2 diabetes can be explained by insulin resistance at the adipocyte, which causes a failure of reduction of FFA by insulin, leading to overproduction of glucose by the liver. The possible role of the single gateway mechanism in diabetes is under investigation.
Fetal echocardiography: Results of a large clinical series in a tertiary center; Fetal echocardiography has become, in the last few years, an essential tool in the perinatal care of the fetus at risk for congenital heart disease. From January 1989 to October 1996, 2265 fetal echocardiograms were performed. The main reasons for referral were: gestational diabetes in 852 patients (39.4%), fetal arrhythmias (338 patients - 15.6%), previous diabetes mellitus (223 patients 10.3%), history of congenital heart disease in the offspring (203 - 15.6%) and abnormal routine obstetric ultrasound examination (201 - 8.9%). Of the 2265 studies performed, 523 (23.1%) showed cardiac abnormalities. Arrhythmias were the most common findings (194 cases). Premature atrial and ventricular beats were the most common abnormalities of cardiac rhythm (120 cases) followed by complete AV block (14 cases), supraventricular tachycardia (13 cases) and atrial flutter (7 cases). There were 123 cases of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, 119 in fetuses of diabetic mothers. Among the patients with structural congenital heart disease, the abnormalities most frequently encountered were VSD (70 patients), complete AV septum defect (18 patients), DORV (14 patients), pulmonary atresia (9 patients), Ebstein's anomaly (8 patients) and TGA (6 patients). The highest yield of abnormal results occurred among patients referred for arrhythmias (50%). Seventy six fetuses were admitted to the Fetal Cardiac Unit for monitoring and management. Seventy invasive procedures were performed: 30 cordocentesis, 22 amniocentesis, 10 blood transfusions, 2 pleural drainages, 1 pericardial drainage, and 1 balloon aortic valve dilatation in a fetus with severe aortic stenosis, and four other minor procedures. Prenatal detection allows for optimization of perinatal care and, when indicated, early intervention. The efforts of a multidisciplinar team may represent a better prognosis for the fetus with congenital heart disease.
Benefits of physical activity in the management and prevention of noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; Increased physical activity should be part of the treatment for non insulin-dependent diabetic patients. Increased physical activity delays the onset of non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus [NIDDM] or even prevents the disease in about 50 % of susceptible individuals [positive family history of NIDDM, body- mass index >25, hypertension or gestational diabetes]. Regular exercise has been shown to lower plasma triglyceride and to increase high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. Exercise has also beneficial effects on hypertension, body composition and fat distribution. Improved glucose tolerance has been achieved in type II diabetic patients in as little as one week with an exercise program. The beneficial effect of regular exercise on glucose control appears to reflect the cumulative effect of transient improvement in glucose tolerance following each individual bout of exercise. Increased insulin sensitivity is lost after as little as three days of inactivity. Most studies suggest that the maximum benefit from exercise is most likely to occur in patients with mild diabetes in whom insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia are present [i.e. patients with fasting blood glucose of <11 mM]. The recommended frequency and duration of exercise is three times per week or every other day and, as adjunct for weight reduction, five to seven times per week for 30 to 45 min. at an intensity of 50 to 70 % VO 2max [or 60 to 80 % of maximal the heart rate]. Because of the high incidence of ischemic heart disease in type II diabetic patients, patients older than 35 years of age should undergo a graded exercise stress electrocardiogram. Attention should be paid to footcare and the use of appropriate footwear and diabetic late complications, such as autonomic and peripheral neuropathy. Older obese NIDDM patients can achieve significant metabolic benefits from low-intensity programs, such as daily walking, which can be easily incorporated into daily living. Taking the necessary precautions, most patients with diabetes can take part in a monitored exercise program safely.
Insulin resistance and preeclampsia; Insulin resistance appears to be a causative mechanism for the development of essential hypertension. Insulin resistance syndrome consists of a cluster of abnormalities that aggravate preexisting tendencies to develop hypertension, resulting in a cascade of physiologic alterations and ultimately leading to increased rates of heart attack, stroke, and peripheral vascular disease. Like hypertension, NIDD is mediated by insulin resistance and is expressed in individuals with limited beta-cell reserve. Episodes of increased insulin resistance, such as aging, weight gain, and pregnancy, cannot be compensated for in these states, and glucose intolerance results. In the case of pregnancy, the temporary state of insulin resistance unmasks individuals with an early beta-cell defect and allows for identification of high-risk groups at a time when therapeutic interventions could result in primary prevention of disease. Evidence is beginning to accumulate that preeclampsia is at least partially mediated by insulin resistance as well, and that individuals with preeclampsia may have clinically silent but persistent alterations in insulin resistance. If this condition proves a corollary to gestational diabetes, there may be an opportunity to intervene for primary prevention of some forms of essential hypertension as well. The availability of new pharmacologic agents to enhance insulin sensitivity represents a true opportunity effectively to prevent the long-term complications associated with insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia. To achieve this goal, early and accurate identification of populations at risk is essential. A complete understanding of the role of insulin resistance in the generation of preeclampsia will aid significantly in the discovery of the genetic polymorphisms and intracellular pathways by which insulin resistance is translated into cardiovascular disease, stroke, and nephropathy.
Exercise fails to improve postprandial glycemic excursion in women with gestational diabetes; The effect of an acute period of moderate intensity exercise on maternal glycemic excursion following a mixed nutrient meal was studied. Five normal (NL) and six gestational diabetic (GDM) subjects were enrolled. A randomized crossover design was used to compare fasting glucose and insulin levels, peak glucose and insulin levels and incremental area of the glycemic and insulin curves following a mixed nutrient meal with or without an exercise stress that took place 14 h earlier. Exercise consisted of upright stationary cycling for 30 min at a heart rate consistent with 60% V̇O2 max. The clinical characteristics of normal and gestational diabetic subjects were comparable. Mean values (±SEM) with, versus without, exercise for fasting glucose (NL: 78.9 ± 2.6 vs. 80.0 ± 2.6 mg/dl; GDM: 86.4 ± 2.0 vs. 82.1 ± 3.5 mg/ dl), peak glucose (NL: 132.3 ± 10.4 vs. 139.1 ± 15.6 mg/dl; GDM: 165.8 ± 5.5 vs. 160.3 ± 7.8 mg/dl), the area under the glycemic curve (NL: 5758 ± 1038 vs. 6393 ± 1281 mg/dl · min; GDM: 8,178 ± 890 vs. 8,331 ± 563 mg/dl · min) did not differ. Similarly, plasma insulin levels did not differ between protocols for either group of subjects. Exercise has been proposed as a treatment to reduce glycemia in gestational diabetes. Results from this study indicate a single bout of exercise did not blunt the glycemic response observed following a mixed nutrient meal. © 1996 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
The Rubenesque pregnancy: A progression towards higher blood pressure correlates with a measure of endogenous and exogenous insulin levels; Women with gestational diabetes tend to progress to noninsulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) with a high cumulative incidence relative to the general population. These women have also been shown to be insulin resistant and may represent a variant of the insulin resistance syndrome or Syndrome X. Our previous studies indicated that administered insulin was associated with an increase in blood pressure in women with gestational diabetes, raising the question that insulin levels per se contribute to blood pressure in these women. We developed a means by which the insulin levels of a given pregnant individual might be estimated called the Fraction of Circulating Insulin Level Relative to Normal (FOCILRN = C-PEPTIDE/2.0 + TOTAL DAILY INSULIN DOSE/CALCULATED DAILY INSULIN REQUIREMENT BASED ON WEIGHT AND GESTATIONAL WEEK). The formula was applied to 15 nonhypertensive pregnant women of comparable obese phenotype (Rubenesque) with varying degrees of glucose tolerance (4 normal, 5 gestational diabetes treated with diet alone, 4 gestational diabetes treated with insulin, and 2 noninsulin-dependent diabetes). Blood pressure was quantified at the beginning of the study (gestational weeks 24-34) and again 4-8 weeks later using a 24-hr monitor. Correlation analysis was used to test for a relationship between the FOCILRN and blood pressure. The increase in mean arterial pressure was found to be continuous and linear with increasing insulin exposure as quantified by FOCILRN. The correlation was significant for all subjects (r = 0.961, p < 0.001) and remained significant even with removal of patients with NIDDM (r = 0.857, p < 0.001). The nighttime heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressures were found to be significantly correlated with FOCILRN (r = 0.651, p < 0.01, r = 0.724, p < 0.001, and r = 0.831, p < 0.001, respectively). The difference between the maximum and minimum diastolic blood pressure values between 12:00 AM and 6:00 AM between sessions 1 and 2 significantly differed among the groups with women on insulin having the highest FOCILRN having the least variation in blood pressure. In nonhypertensive women of obese phenotype (Rubenesque), increasing insulin exposure is associated with increasing mean arterial blood pressure and less variability of nocturnal blood pressure. These data provide support for the hypothesis that insulin may mediate blood pressure response in genetically vulnerable individuals. The identification of the Rubenesque phenotype during gestation may be a clinically useful marker for individuals at risk for Syndrome X.
Normal and gestational diabetic pregnancies: Lipids, lipoproteins and apolipoproteins; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate plasma lipids, lipoproteins and apolipoprotein changes induced by gestational diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: In this case-control study, 60 women between 26 and 32 weeks of pregnancy were allocated to four groups according to lipid status and glucose tolerance: (1) normolipemia and no gestational diabetes, (2) normolipemia and gestational diabetes, (3) hyperlipemia and no gestational diabetes, and (4) hyperlipemia and gestational diabetes. Total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, very low density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDLc), triglycerides, triglycerides/very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), apolipoproteins (APO) A 1 and APO B, APO B-VLDL and APO B/low-density lipoprotein were measured. RESULTS: There were no statistically significant differences in the normolipemic group of women. Among the hyperlipemic patients, gestational diabetic women showed lower VLDLc when compared to nondiabetic patients. CONCLUSION: Our results, comparing groups separated groups by lipid status, show that the only difference in lipid profile associated with glucose intolerance is lower VLDLc in hyperlipemic patients.
Clinical aspects of the relationship between oral contraceptives, abnormalities in carbohydrate metabolism, and the development of cardiovascular disease; Although large epidemiologic studies indicated no difference in the frequency of diabetes mellitus in nonusers and everusers of high-dose combination oral contraceptives, other studies had shown an increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance in current users, which is estimated to be roughly twice as frequent as that in nonusers. Women at risk of developing impaired glucose tolerance while receiving high-dose oral contraceptives either had previous gestational diabetes mellitus or were older, obese, or had a positive family history of diabetes mellitus. The tendency to decreased glucose tolerance seems essentially related to the dosage and chemical structure of the progestogen used in oral contraceptives, namely, estrane and particularly gonane progestins. However, increased frequency of impaired glucose tolerance and potentially diabetes mellitus are obviously not linked to the use of the more potent gonane progestins. The use of low-dose oral contraceptives, particularly with reduced progestogen content (such as in the triphasic formulations and last-generation monophasic preparations), is accompanied by a low risk of impaired glucose tolerance, even in previous gestational diabetes mellitus. The mechanism of decreased glucose tolerance in oral contraceptive users is unknown but seems related partially to increased peripheral resistance that is potentially caused by a postreceptor defect in insulin action. Changes in insulin production or metabolic clearance rate are not excluded by recent, sophisticated investigations of carbohydrate metabolism in oral contraceptive users. Impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes mellitus, chronic hyperglycemia, and hyperinsulinemia are believed to increase atherogenic risk either by their direct action or their effects on lipid metabolism. Newer epidemiologic studies now indicate that the incidence of cardiovascular disease in low-dose, low-risk, current oral contraceptive users has been substantially decreased. The use of low-dose oral contraceptives with reduced dosages of better adapted progestogens seems effective in decreasing alterations in carbohydrate metabolism and may thereby contribute to decrease further atherogenic risk in oral contraceptive users. © 1990.
Prescription of Aerobic Exercise During Pregnancy; Available evidence supports the existence of both risks and benefits of aerobic conditioning during human pregnancy. During intensive exertion, maternal skeletal muscle and the fetus may compete for blood flow, oxygen delivery and essential fuel substrates. Hence, the most important hypothetical risks include acute fetal hypoxia, hyperthermia and malnutrition. If exercise is repeated on a chronic basis, teratogenic effects, fetal growth retardation or altered fetal development may result if maternal/fetal adaptive reserve is exceeded. A dose-response relationship for such effects has been demonstrated in laboratory animals, but specific findings may have limited applicability to voluntary exercise in pregnant women. Although further investigation is needed, the majority of published studies suggest that fitness-type conditioning does not jeopardise fetal well-being in healthy well-nourished women. Benefits of such exercise appear to include increases in maximal aerobic power (V̇O2 max, L/min) and enhanced cardiopulmonary reserve. It has also been proposed that exercise prevents accumulation of excess body fat, promotes psychological well-being, helps to prevent gestational diabetes and low back pain and may facilitate labour. However, these benefits remain to be confirmed by objective scientific study. Due primarily to a lack of scientific data, existing medical guidelines for exercise during pregnancy are conservative and follow a common sense approach. Good agreement exists on the need for preparticipation medical screening and continuing surveillance to verify the existence of maternal/fetal adaptive reserve. Women are advised to select safe, non-ballistic exercise modalities and to avoid thermal or hyperbaric environmental stress during exercise. Exercise in the supine position is also prudent to avoid, particularly in late gestation. The usefulness of heart rate in prescribing and monitoring exercise intensity has been questioned, with use of conventional perception of exertion scales being the most logical alternative. Prediction of maximal aerobic power (V̇O2max) from submaximal work rate/heart rate relationships is also problematic during pregnancy. Other areas of debate include the advisability of initiating a new exercise programme during pregnancy, methods for prevention of fetal hyperthermia, the safety of weight-training/isometric exercise and optimal methods for training of pre/postnatal fitness instructors. © 1989, ADIS Press Limited. All rights reserved.
The value of urine screening for glucose at each prenatal visit; Objective: To determine whether chemical (dipstick) urinalysis for glucose at each prenatal visit predicts gestational outcomes such as gestational diabetes, abruptio placentae, preterm delivery, fetal heart rate abnormality, cesarean delivery for dystocia, fetal macrosomia, and shoulder dystocia. Methods: We retrospectively evaluated each of the 3217 women who were delivered at St. Joseph's Hospital between July 1, 1990, and September 1, 1993, and who had received all prenatal care at Marshfield Clinic. Study subjects had complete urinalyses at the first prenatal visit, blood glucose diabetes screening at 24-28 weeks, and dipstick urinalysis for glucose at each prenatal visit. Women were excluded because of preexisting diabetes, multiple gestation, glucosuria at the first prenatal visit, or failure to complete the recommended blood screening at 24-28 weeks. The remaining 2965 women were grouped according to whether their dipstick urine tests were positive for glucose. Then the two groups were compared with regard to relevant pregnancy outcomes. Results: Women with glucosuria in the first two trimesters had a significantly higher incidence of gestational diabetes (12.8 versus 2.9%, P = .003). For women without evidence of gestational diabetes, there were no clinically important differences in the measured pregnancy outcomes between the two groups. Conclusion: Routine dipstick urinalysis for glucose can identify gravidas at increased risk for gestational diabetes, possibly allowing certain women with gestational diabetes to be diagnosed earlier than 24-28 weeks. However, most glucosuria testing is performed after a patient has completed routine blood screening for gestational diabetes. This third-trimester testing is not predictive of any clinically important pregnancy outcome. © 1995 The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Mitochondrial gene mutations in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Taiwan; We studied the prevalence of mitochondrial gene mutations in subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) in a Chinese population living in Taiwan. Eighty-four subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and 105 unrelated normal controls were recruited in the present study. Both an A-to- G mutation at position 3243 and a mutation at position 8,344 of the mitochondrial DNA were screened by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism methods and confirmed by direct DNA sequence analysis. The insulin secretory response was assessed by the C-peptide response to glucagon administration. Among 84 IDDM patients, two (2.4%) subjects were found to carry the 3,243 nucleotide pair (np) mutation. There was no np 8,344 mutation in this series. Of the two subjects carrying a mitochondrial gene mutation, case 1 manifested initially as gestational diabetes mellitus. Manifestation of case 2 was consistent with MELAS, a syndrome of mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke- like episodes. The pancreatic β cell reserve was reduced, as the glucagon- stimulated C-peptide response was very low in these two cases. HLA genotyping studies revealed that case 2 carried DRB1*0301-DQA1*0501- DQB*0201/DRB1*0405-DQA1*0301-DQB1*0302, which was the most susceptible genotype to IDDM in our population. Anti-GAD65 antibody was also positive in this patient. In addition to the nuclear genes, a defective mitochondrial gene might contribute to some of the clinical cases with IDDM.
11 Long-term implications of gestational diabetes for the mother; Women with GDM have a greater risk of developing diabetes in the future compared with those women who have normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy. Using life table techniques, 17 years after the initial diagnosis of GDM, 40% of women were diabetic compared with 10% in a matched control group of women who had normal glucose tolerance in pregnancy. The incidence of diabetes was higher among women who were older, more obese, of greater parity and with more severe degrees of glucose intolerance during pregnancy. Diabetes also occurred more commonly among women who had a first-degree relative who was diabetic, in women born in Mediterranean and East Asian countries, and in those who had GDM in two or more pregnancies. Despite differing testing techniques and varying criteria for the diagnosis of GDM, follow-up studies from across the world consistently show a higher rate of subsequent diabetes among GDM mothers. NIDDM is associated with increased morbidity and a higher mortality rate, especially in women. Cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases are the leading causes of death. High lipid levels, hypertension and obesity are often already present when diabetes is diagnosed and may antedate the development of overt diabetes; treatment of diabetes at this stage may therefore be too late to prevent complications occurring. A follow-up programme for women with GDM facilitates screening of a group known to be at increased risk of developing diabetes so that the diagnosis can be made before associated risk factors for complications develop. Intervention in the form of counselling regarding cigarette smoking, exercise and a healthy, high-residue, unrefined carbohydrate, low cholesterol diet, given together with weight monitoring, may prevent the onset of both diabetes and its associated cerebrovascular and cardiovascular problems. © 1991 Baillière Tindall. All rights reserved.
8 Obstetrical management of patients with diabetes in pregnancy; The management of the woman with diabetes diagnosed before the onset of pregnancy, or who develops it during pregnancy, requires a team approach involving the woman and her partner, the diabetes nurse educator, the dietitian, the endocrinologist, the obstetrician, the ultrasonologist and the paediatrician. It should start before pregnancy so that normoglycaemia is achieved before conception and maintained throughout gestation and labour. Fetoplacental surveillance commences with an early ultrasound to confirm fetal viability, repeated around 20 weeks to exclude major fetal malformations and then later in the third trimester to monitor fetal growth. CTG and biophysical profile assessment are major adjuncts to ensuring fetal well-being. The pregnancy should be allowed to go to full term when maternal blood glucose control has been satisfactory, fetal growth is within the normal range and other obstetrical complications, e.g. pre-eclampsia, are absent. Such an approach will ensure that the caesarean section rate can be minimized. During labour, the progress of labour and fetal well-being should be closely monitored. The woman who has microvascular complications of her diabetes (including proliferative retinopathy and nephropathy) requires even closer surveillance and premature delivery is more likely to be needed. The principles of management of the woman who develops gestational diabetes are similar, with even greater emphasis being placed on not inducing labour before full term unless complications dictate otherwise. © 1991 Baillière Tindall. All rights reserved.
Current status of contraceptive steroids and the intrauterine device.; The present status of oral contraceptive steroids and the IUD, the 2 most effective and increasingly popular contraceptive methods (used by 41.6% of all U.S. married couples practicing contraception in 1970), is presented. Oral steroid contraceptives with varying quantity and activity of estrogen (ethinyl estradiol or mestranol) and progestogen (norethindrone, norethynodrel, ethynodiol diacetate, or norgestrel), are of 3 types: combination, sequential, and minidose progestogen alone. The most effective contraceptive available is the combined oral pill with a pregnancy rate of less than .2 % per 100 women after 1 year. Contraceptive action is exerted primarily through inhibition of ovulation and secondarily by alterations in cervical mucus, endometrial glands, the ovary, and in the oviduct and uterine muscle. In comparison, sequential oral contraceptives are less effective with greater side effects, and should only be used in women with amenorrhea. Effects of oral contraceptives other than contraception include those on the (1) the primary targets of the female reproductive system, (2) on other endocrine oragans and (3) on the remainder of the body. In the first group, changes may include transitory stromal fibrosis in the ovary, enlarged fibromyomata, intermenstrual bleeding or amenorrhea, increased amount of cervical mucus, polypoid hyperplasia of the endocervical glands, breast tenderness, and changes in lactation. Changes in the second category which may occur affect the adrenal glands, hypothalamus, the thyroid (increased thyroid-binding globulin), and pancreas (alterations in glucose metabolism). Effects on the rest of the body may include increase in serum lipids and changed atherogenic index, abnormalities in liver function, thromboembolism (incidence in oral contraceptive users 4.4 times that in non-users), melasma, alterations in the central nervous system with increased incidence of cerebral vascular accidents, hypertension, and increased body weight. Absolute contraindications to oral contraceptive therapy include cancer of the breast and uterus, pregnancy, active liver disease, hyperlipidemia, and history of gestational diabetes, thromboembolic phenomena or coronary artery disease. Relative contraindications include depression, migraine, myomata of the uterus, hypertension, epilipsy, oligomenorrhea and amenorrhea. Reliable epidemiologic data on IUDs from the Cooperative Statistical Program indicated first year pregnancy rate of 2.5%. Problems with the IUD include: 1) pregnancy with device in situ, which is associated with a higher incidence of spontaneous abortion; 2) ectopic pregnancy, which is prevented at a rate of only 90% compared with intrauterine pregnancies prevented in 97-98%; and 3) expulsions (20% of which are unnoticed), the expulsion rate being higher with decreasing age and parity, higher in the first than second year of use, and higher with smaller than larger devices. A major problem is discontinuation for medical reasons (15% rate in the first year), mainly bleeding and pain. Perforation, another serious complication, occurs initially at time of insertion with an incidence of 1 per 2500 insertions for the loop. IUDs were found to produce a sterile inflammatory tissue reaction, which is postulated as the primary causative factor for their contraceptive effect in humans.
Persistent elevation and metabolic dependence of circulating E-selectin after delivery in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; The increased risk of premature atherosclerosis in noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) might be related in part to augmented expression of endothelial adhesion molecules (AMs). So far it is, however, unknown whether increased circulating (c) AMs in NIDDM are only a consequence of this disease or also involved in its sequelae. To determine the presence of cAMs in a population at increased risk for subsequent development of NIDDM, we analyzed fasting and postprandial [oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT): 100 g] serum concentrations of circulating E-selectin, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (cVCAM-1), and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (cICAM-1) in pregnant women with either gestational diabetes (GDM) or normal glucose tolerance (NT) before and after delivery vs. nonpregnant healthy women (C). During pregnancy cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 were elevated in both GDM and NT vs. nonpregnant females (P < 0.01 vs. C). Following delivery, all GDM females regained normal glucose tolerance according to OGTT criteria, but showed slightly higher postprandial [area under the curve (AUC)(180 min)] glycemia and HbA1c values than nonpregnant healthy women (P < 0.05), indicating persisting subtle abnormalities in carbohydrate metabolism. cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 remained increased in GDM (P < 0.01 vs.C) after delivery, but fell to normal in NT (P < 0.05 before vs. after delivery). Furthermore, a correlation was seen in GDM females between cE-selectin and HbA1c (P < 0.005), fasting glucose (P < 0.01), and insulin (P < 0.05) as well as postprandial (AUC(180 min)) glucose and insulin concentrations (P < 0.05) during OGTTs, both before and after delivery. ICAM-1, however, did not differ significantly between groups. In summary, GDM is characterized by persistently raised levels of cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 12 weeks after delivery. Whether these persistent elevations of cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 reflect early vascular injury or represent a risk factor for atherosclerosis in women at increased risk for NIDDM remains to be determined.
Exercise in therapy and prevention of type II diabetes: Implications for blacks; The rationale for the use of exercise in the treatment of type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes and its special implications for Blacks are reviewed herein. When performed on a regular basis, exercise may improve glycemic control and improve several risk factors for coronary heart disease including hypertriglyceridemia, hypertension, and hyperinsulinemia. In addition, it may be a useful adjunct to diet in producing weight loss. The metabolic benefits of exercise in part appear to be related to its ability to enhance insulin sensitivity. Benefits are short lived after discontinuing exercise. Because of problems with compliance and concurrent medical problems, many patients with type II diabetes are not good candidates for an exercise-diet program. For this reason, the optimum target population may be people at risk for type II diabetes and premature atherosclerosis. Such a population might include the offspring of patients with these disorders and individuals with impaired glucose tolerance, hyperinsulinemia, gestational diabetes, and/or an android pattern of fat distribution. Type II diabetes is more common in Blacks than in the general population. In most instances, it is associated with cardiovascular risk factors benefited by exercise. Despite this, there are no available studies regarding the effects of regular exercise in Blacks with type II diabetes or those at risk for it.
NIDDM — the devastating disease; Of the various types of diabetes mellitus, non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) is by far the most common and is increasing rapidly in many populations around the world. It is a heterogeneous disorder, characterized by a genetic predisposition and interaction between insulin resistance and decreased pancreatic β-cell function. There is a strong association between the presence of obesity and low levels of physical exercise and the development of NIDDM. However, NIDDM may also develop in lean individuals and the incidence increases significantly with increasing age. A diagnosis of impaired glucose tolerance or gestational diabetes is a strong predictor for future development of NIDDM and should signal appropriate interventions to prevent or delay the progression to NIDDM. NIDDM is frequently associated with other conditions such as hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia and decreased high-density lipoprotein which are additional risk factors for atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease. The ‘insulin resistance syndrome’, which includes obesity, NIDDM, hypertension, hyperinsulinemia and dyslipidemia is a major and increasing cause of morbidity and mortaility in many populations. In addition, people with NIDDM and poor glycemic control may develop severe microvascular complications of diabetes, including retinopathy, nephropathy and neuropathy. Appropriate diet, weight control and increased physical activity will increase insulin sensitivity in insulin resistant patients and are effective treatments for patients with NIDDM or may prevent the development of NIDDM in susceptible individuals. If these measures are unsuccessful, then oral hypoglycemic agents or insulin therapy may be required. Maintaining near normal blood glucose levels will decrease the development or progression of long-term complications of diabetes and should be a major goal of therapy, balancing intensive treatment with the increased risk of severe hypoglycemia. Because of the increasing prevalence of NIDDM in many populations, increased awareness of the disease, surveillance of high-risk populations and early diagnosis and treatment are all important in reducing the morbidity associated with this disease. © 1995, Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.. All rights reserved.
The grand multipara in modern obstetrics; From April 1985 to March 1986, 1,252 women were admitted for delivery at the Al Hada Armed Forces Hospital, Taif, Saudi Arabia. Of these, 224 (17.9%) were grand multiparas (GM) defined as mothers of parity ≥6. History, labor and delivery as well as postpartum and neonatal courses were recorded using computerized records for later statistical calculations. The obstetric and perinatal outcome was calculated comparing the GMs to para-1 mothers and para-2-5 patients (P2-5), respectively. The latter group being empirically considered as the 'ideal' patient group. On comparing the GM group to that of P2-5, significantly higher frequencies of intercurrent diseases, especially diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes, were found. Among GMs, transverse lie, primary uterine inertia, fetal heart rate abnormalities, failure to progress and postpartum hemorrhage were encountered significantly more often than in the other groups. The incidence of placenta previa was likewise significantly increased among the GMs as was the number of cesarean sections, particularly those of the primary emergency type. There was no maternal mortality. The perinatal morbidity was significantly higher in the GM group. However, no significant difference in perinatal mortality was found between the groups. It is concluded that with few exceptions the GM can be safely delivered by means of modern obstetric management.
