CHANGES IN MYOCARDIAL ISCHEMIA DURING ISOSORBIDE DINITRATE OR INDORAMIN THERAPY IN PATIENTS WITH STABLE ANGINA USING RELATIONS BETWEEN THE ST SEGMENT AND HEART-RATE; The effect of isosorbide dinitrate or indoramin on myocardial ischaemia was examined in patients with stable angina pectoris. In a prospective trial, randomization resulted in 8 and 9 patients, respectively, given isosorbide dinitrate in a dose of 30-90 mg daily, and indoramin in a dose of 75-225 mg daily; 2 of these patients were serially examined during the two types of therapy. Changes in myocardial ischaemia were assessed by exercise testing using 12 standard electrocardiographic leads and  a bipolar lead CM5. Individual and group comparisons showed that isosorbide dinitrate resulted in an increase in ST segment depression, the maximal ST/heart rate slope and the ratio of net ST segment depression to increases in heart rate (at least P < 0.01). In contrast, with indoramin therapy there were no significant changes in these indices. The results in these patients suggest that isosorbide dinitrate leads more consistently to increases in the severity of myocardial ischaemia than indoramin, although this effect on ischaemia is apparently less than the benefit of these agents on exercise performance.
Angioplasty and Stenting for Intracranial Atherosclerotic Stenosis With Nitinol Stent: Factors Affecting Technical Success and Patient Safety; BACKGROUND: Angioplasty and stenting using nitinol stents is a recognized treatment option for intracranial atherosclerosis. OBJECTIVE: To identify procedure-related factors that may affect patient safety and technical outcome. METHODS: In this prospective study of 57 consecutive patients, the primary end points were intraprocedural technical problems, periprocedure morbidity, and complications. Major periprocedure complication was defined as all stroke or death at 30 days. Technical failure was defined as the inability to complete the procedure because of technical or safety problems. Procedure failure was defined as a procedure outcome of technical failure or major periprocedure complication. Secondary end points were procedure-related factors that may affect patient safety and technical outcome. RESULTS: Procedure failure rate was 12.3% (7/57) (major periprocedure complication rate, 5.3% [3/57]; technical failure rate, 7% [4/57]). Initial failure in tracking of balloon or stent occurred in 20 patients, other technical problems occurred in 11 patients, including kinking or trapping of balloon catheter (2 cases), difficulty in unsheathing of stent (3 cases), forward migration of stent during deployment (4 cases), trapping of nose cone after stent deployment (1 case), fracture of delivery system (2 cases), and guidewire fracture (1 case). Unfavorable vascular morphology signified by the presence of 2 or more reverse curves along the access path was found to associate with initial failure in the tracking of instruments (OR = N), and occurrence of other technical problems (OR = 25). CONCLUSION: Procedure-related factors could be identified and lead to improvements in patient safety and technical outcome. Tortuous vascular morphology is a key factor to be overcome.
Paced Left Ventricular QRS Width and ECG Parameters Predict Outcomes After Cardiac Resynchronization Therapy PROSPECT-ECG Substudy; Background-For patients with symptomatic New York Heart Association class III or IV, ejection fraction <= 35%, and QRS >= 130 ms, cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT) has become an established treatment option. However, use of these implant criteria fails to result in clinical or echocardiographic improvement in 30% to 45% of CRT patients. Methods and Results-The Predictors of Response to CRT (PROSPECT)-ECG is a substudy of the prospective observational PROSPECT trial. ECGs collected before, during, and after CRT implantation were analyzed. Primary outcomes were improvement in clinical composite score (CCS) and reduction of left ventricular end systolic volume (LVESV) of >15% after 6 months. Age, sex, cause of cardiomyopathy, myocardial infarction location, right ventricular function, mitral regurgitation, preimplantation QRS width, preimplantation PR interval, preimplantation right ventricular-paced QRS width, preimplantation axis categories, LV-paced QRS width, postimplantation axis categories, difference between biventricular (Bi-V) pacing and preimplantation QRS width, and QRS bundle branch morphological features were analyzed univariably in logistic regression models to predict outcomes. All significant predictors (alpha=0.1), age, and sex were used for multivariable analyses. Cardiomyopathy cause interaction and subanalyses were also performed. In multivariable analyses, only QRS left bundle branch morphological features predicted both CCS (odds ratio [OR]=2.46, P=0.02) and LVESV (OR=2.89, P=0.048) response. The difference between Bi-V and preimplantation QRS width predicted CCS improvement (OR=0.89, P=0.04). LV-paced QRS width predicted LVESV reduction (OR=0.86, P=0.01). Specifically, an LV-paced QRS width of <= 200 ms was predictive of nonischemic LVESV reduction (OR=5.12, P=0.01). Conclusions-Baseline left bundle branch QRS morphological features, LV-paced QRS width, and the difference between Bi-V and preimplantation QRS width can predict positive outcomes after CRT and may represent a novel intraprocedural method to optimize coronary sinus lead placement.
Are urinary polyaromatic hydrocarbons associated with adult hypertension, heart attack, and cancer? USA NHANES, 2011-2012; Links between environmental chemicals and human health have emerged over the last few decades, but the effects from polyaromatic hydrocarbons were less studied, compared to other commonly known environmental chemicals such as heavy metals, phthalates, arsenic, phenols and pesticides. Therefore, it was aimed to study the relationships of urinary polyaromatic hydrocarbons and adult cardiovascular disease and cancer using human sample in a national and population-based study in recent years. Data was retrieved from US National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys, 2011-2012, including demographics, self-reported health conditions and urinary polyaromatic hydrocarbons. Statistical analyses included chi-square test, t test, survey-weighted logistic regression modeling and population attributable risk (PAR) estimation. Of 5560 American adults aged 20-80 and included in the statistical analysis, urinary polyaromatic hydrocarbons (representatively in one-third sample) were observed to be higher in people with cardiovascular disease and total cancer. In particular, urinary 4-hydroxyphenanthrene was associated with hypertension (odds ratio (OR) 1.33, 95 % confidence interval (CI) 1.00-1.76, P = 0.048, PAR 5.1 %), urinary 1-hydroxypyrene was significantly associated with heart attack (OR 1.47, 95 %CI 1.05-2.06, P = 0.027, PAR 1.7 %), and urinary 2-hydroxynapthalene (2-naphthol) was associated with cancer (OR 1.46, 95 %CI 1.12-1.90, P = 0.008, PAR 3.9 %). Urinary polyaromatic hydrocarbons were associated with adult hypertension, heart attack and cancer, although the causality cannot be established. From the research perspective, future studies with a longitudinal or experimental approach would be suggested. From the law and public health perspectives, regulation on minimizing exposure to polyaromatic hydrocarbons might need to be considered in future health and environmental policies and intervention programs.
Dosing Errors Did Not Have a Major Impact on Outcome in the NINDS t-PA Stroke Study; Intravenous tissue plasminogen activator (IV t-PA) for acute stroke is dosed by weight, which is typically estimated, and requires a multistep infusion, which may lead to administration errors. We evaluated the impact of dosing errors on outcome in the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) t-PA Stroke Study. Using logistic regression, we investigated the relationship between actual weight-based dose (administered dose divided by actual weight, capped at 100 kg) and intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) at 36 hours and likelihood of good recovery (modified Rankin score of 0 or 1) at 3 months. Estimated weight, actual weight, and total t-PA dose administered were available for 311 of 312 patients; 3 received only the bolus and were excluded. In multivariable logistic regression, there was no association between the risk of any ICH using actual dose as a continuous variable (P = .65), or when comparing the highest quintile of actual dose (> 0.944 mg/kg) to the lower 4 quintiles (9.8% vs 10.9%; odds ratio [OR], 0.60; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.22-1.61; P = .31), adjusting for age, baseline National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) score, and changes on baseline computed tomography. Similarly, there was no association between likelihood of good outcome and actual dose as a continuous variable (P = .87), or when comparing the lowest quintile (< 0.879 mg/kg) of actual dose to the 4 higher quintiles (44.3% vs 42.5%; OR, 1.08; 95% CI, 0.55-2.09; P = .83), adjusting for age, baseline NIHSS score, and time of onset to treatment. Our findings indicate that it is reasonable to estimate weight when administering IV t-PA for acute stroke, because dosing errors did not have a major impact on the risk of ICH or the likelihood of good outcome in the NINDS t-PA Stroke Study.
Potential analyses for research on occupational therapy-led training of activities of daily living in stroke patients; HEALTH PROBLEM: Every year about 200,000 people in Germany suffer from a first stroke and 65,000 persons from a recurrent stroke. Stroke is one of the major causes of acquired life-long disability. It is associated with multiple limitations in functioning, activities of daily living and social participation. People with stroke must develop and apply considerable coping and adaptation strategies to manage the consequences of disabilities in daily life. Insufficient adaptations may result in social isolation, depressive disorders, need for medical and nursing care and subsequently lead to increasing costs for care. Thus occupational therapy-led treatment addressing social participation as well as skills training, adaptation strategies and assistive technology for activities of daily living is essential for stroke patients after hospital discharge. CORPUS OF EVIDENCE: Based on nine randomised comparisons, a Cochrane review from 2006 revealed that occupational therapy-led training after stroke had positive effects on personal activities of daily living (8 studies; 961 participants; 0.18 SMD; 95 % CI [0.04 to 0.32]), on extended activities of daily living (6 studies; 847 participants; 0.21 SMD; 95 % CI [0.03 to 0.39]), and on poor outcome (7 studies; 1,065 participants; odds ratio 0.67; 95 % CI [0.51 to 0.87]). However, direct implementation into the German healthcare context is not recommendable due to (1) different settings and heterogeneity within the primary studies, (2) lack of manualisation of treatment programmes and (3) insufficient evaluation of client-oriented outcomes. IMPLICATION FOR RESEARCH: It is recommended to manualise client-centred standardised modules of a stage-specific occupational therapy-led training of activities of daily living and to pilot-test this intervention programme in a feasibility study. If this trial results in a set of reliable and valid client-oriented outcome measurements applicable within the German care context and in a feasible treatment programme well accepted by stroke patients and their treating occupational therapists, a large-scaled randomised clinical trial in terms of comparative effectiveness research may follow.
Impaired renal function in patients with myocardial infarction treated with primary angioplasty and the risk for failed myocardial tissue reperfusion and thus worse long-term outcomes; Aim: The aim was to assess the impact of impaired renal function on myocardial tissue reperfusion in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) treated with primary percutaneous coronary intervention (pPCI). Material and methods: Impaired renal function was diagnosed at admission based on abnormal serum creatinine level (> 106 mu mol/l). Patients with anterior STEMI and maximal single-lead ST-elevation (maxSTPost) exceeding 2 mm up to 90 min post-procedure, as well as patients with inferior STEMI and maxSTPost > 1 mm, were considered to have failed tissue reperfusion. The incidence of death or heart failure (NYHA class > 2) was prospectively assessed over a subsequent 12-month period. Results: Primary PCI and maxSTPost measurements were performed in 200 out of 208 consecutive patients (63.0 +/- 12.1 years, 67.5% males) treated between October 2007 and September 2008. Patients with impaired renal function (12.5%) died or developed heart failure more often when compared to the remaining individuals (56.0% vs. 16.0%, p < 0.001, respectively). Patients with failed reperfusion (15.5%) had higher incidence of one-year mortality and heart failure (35.5% vs. 18.3%, p = 0.032, respectively). Failed tissue reperfusion was 2.5 times more frequent among patients with impaired renal function, despite a relatively high rate of final TIMI 3 flow as compared to the remaining subjects (32.0% vs. 13.1%, p = 0.022 and 84.0% vs. 92.6%, p = 0.239, respectively). Impaired renal function and failed reperfusion were independent predictors of death or heart failure (odds ratio (OR) = 4.38, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.34-14.28, p = 0.014, and OR = 3.34, 95% CI 1.12-9.88, p = 0.029, respectively). Impaired renal function was a risk factor for failed tissue reperfusion (OR = 2.98, 95% CI 1.03-8.68, p = 0.044). Conclusions: Impaired renal function in patients with STEMI treated with primary PCI is related to the risk for failed myocardial tissue reperfusion, leading in consequence to higher one-year mortality and heart failure.
Early Electrocardiographic Findings and MR Imaging-Verified Microvascular Injury and Myocardial Infarct Size; OBJECTIVES This study investigated early electrocardiographic findings in relation to left ventricular (LV) function, extent and size of infarction, and microvascular injury in patients with acute myocardial infarction (MI) treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). BACKGROUND The electrocardiogram (ECG) is the most used and simplest clinical method to evaluate the risk for patients immediately after reperfusion therapy for acute MI. ST-segment resolution and residual ST-segment elevation have been used for prognosis in acute MI, whereas Q waves are related to outcome in chronic MI. We hypothesized that the combination of these electrocardiographic measures early after primary PCI would enhance risk stratification. METHODS We prospectively included 180 patients with a first acute ST-segment elevation MI to assess ST-segment resolution, residual ST-segment elevation, and number of Q waves using the 12-lead ECG acquired on admission and 1 h after successful PCI. The ECG findings were related to LV function, infarction size and transmurality, and microvascular injury as assessed with cine and gadolinium-enhanced cardiac magnetic resonance 4 +/- 2 days after reperfusion therapy. RESULTS Residual ST-segment elevation (beta = -2.00, p = 0.004) and the number of Q waves (beta = -1.66, p = 0.005) were independent ECG predictors of LV ejection fraction. Although the number of Q waves was the only independent predictor of infarct size (beta = 2.01, p < 0.001) and transmural extent of infarction (beta = 0.60, p < 0.001), residual ST-segment elevation was the only independent predictor of microvascular injury (odds ratio: 19.1, 95% confidence interval: 2.4 to 154, p = 0.005) in multivariable analyses. The ST-segment resolution was neither associated with LV function, infarct size, or transmurality indexes, nor with microvascular injury in multivariable analysis. CONCLUSIONS In patients after successful coronary intervention for acute MI, residual ST-segment elevation and the number of Q waves on the post-procedural ECG offer valuable complementary information on prediction of myocardial function and necrosis and its microvascular status. (J Am Coll Cardiol Img 2009; 2: 1187-94) (C) 2009 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation
Efficacy of high-dose rosuvastatin preloading in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: a meta-analysis of fourteen randomized controlled trials; Background: Numerous studies have evidenced that statins can reduce the incidence of cardiovascular disease. However, the effects of high-dose rosuvastatin (RSV) preloading in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) are controversial. Objective: We attempted to identify and quantify the potential cardioprotective benefits of high-dose RSV preloading on final thrombolysis in myocardial infarction (TIMI) flow grade, major adverse cardiac events (MACE), and peri-procedural myocardial injury (PMI) in patients undergoing PCI. Methods: Pubmed, EMBASE, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and ISI Web of Science databases were systematically searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) up to June 2015. We assessed the incidence of MACE and PMI in all enrolled patients for subgroups stratified by clinical presentation and previous statin therapy during the follow-up period. Results: Fourteen trials with 3368 individuals were included in our meta-analysis. High-dose RSV preloading before PCI lead to a 58 % reduction in MACE (odds ratio [OR] = 0.42, 95 % confidence intervals [CI]: 0.29-0.61, P < 0.00001) and a 60 % reduction in PMI (OR = 0.40, 95 % CI: 0.25-0.63, P < 0.0001). This procedure also improved the final TIMI flow grade in patients undergoing PCI (OR = 1.61, 95 % CI: 1.09-2.38, P = 0.02). The benefits on MACE were significant for both stable angina patients (OR = 0.42, 95 % CI: 0.21-0.87, P = 0.02) and acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients (OR = 0.42, 95 % CI: 0.27-0.65, P < 0.0001); and for both statin naive patients (OR = 0.42, 95 % CI: 0.28-0.64, P < 0.0001) and previous statin therapy patients (OR = 0.28, 95 % CI: 0.10-0.73, P= 0.01). Conclusion: High-dose RSV preloading can significantly improve myocardial perfusion and reduce both MACE and PMI in patients undergoing PCI. The cardioprotective benefits of RSV preloading were significant in not only stable angina and ACS patients but also statin naive and previous statin therapy patients. The cardioprotective benefits of RSV preloading in the follow-up period mainly resulted from a reduction in spontaneous MI and TVR, especially for ACS and statin naive patients.
Relation of genetic polymorphisms of apolipoprotein E, angiotensin converting enzyme, apolipoprotein B-100, and glycoprotein IIIa and early-onset coronary heart disease; Objective: Apolipoprotein E (APOE) E4, apolipoprotein 8-100 (APOB) Q3611 allele, the angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) deletion (D) allele and glycoprotein IIIa (GP3A) P33 mutant allele are reported to predispose to early-onset coronary heart disease (CHD). These associations were not all confirmed in more recent studies. To determine the impact of these alleles on CHD, we examined the prevalence of these mutations in patients presenting with early-onset CHD and compared them to those manifesting CHD rater in rife. The delayed-onset was considered a sign of longevity and would serve as a comparative group to assess prevalence of the biochemical and genetic risk factors. Methods: 300 patients with a history of myocardial infarction or angina pectoris and angiographically documented CHD were studied. Patients were divided into two groups: group 1 (G1 = 150 patients) presenting with these findings under the age of 50 years; while group 2 (G2 = 150 patients) were patients presenting for the first time over the age of 65 years. Prevalence of the alleles of APOE, APOB, ACE and GP3A was assessed by molecular analysis. An association of any of these genotypes with early onset CHD could lead to a higher prevalence in the younger age group. Results and Conclusions: None of the suspected alleles namely APOB Q3611 [G1: 10.7% vs. G2: 9.0%, p = 0.57], ACE D (G1: 52.0% vs. G2: 49.7%, p = 0.57), or the GP3A P33 (G1: 17.3% vs. G2: 15.7%; p = 0.58) showed any significant difference between the two groups. Subjects with APOE E4 were more frequent in the younger age group (G1. 18.3% vs. G2: 13.7%; p = 0.047), while APOE E2 was more frequent in G2 (G2: 10.0% vs. G1: 2.7%; p = 0.0002). Multivariate analysis showed an odds ratio of APOE E2 allele in G1 of 0.27 with a confidence interval of 0.10-0.73. Copyright (C) 1999 The Canadian Society of Clinical Chemists.
Prehospital evaluation and economic analysis of different coronary syndrome treatment strategies PREDICT - Rationale, Development and Implementation; Background: A standard of prehospital care for patients presenting with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) includes prehospital 12-lead and advance Emergency Department notification or prehospital bypass to percutaneous coronary intervention centres. Implementation of either care strategies is variable across communities and neither may exist in some communities. The main objective is to compare prehospital care strategies for time to treatment and survival outcomes as well as cost effectiveness. Methods/Design: PREDICT is a multicentre, prospective population-based cohort study of all chest pain patients 18 years or older presenting within 30 mins to 6 hours of symptom onset and treated with nitroglycerin, transported by paramedics in a number of different urban and rural regions in Ontario. The primary objective of this study is to compare the proportion of study subjects who receive reperfusion within the target door-to-reperfusion times in subjects obtained after four prehospital strategies: 12-lead ECG and advance emergency department (ED) notification or 3-lead ECG monitoring and alert to dispatch prior to hospital arrival; either with or without the opportunity to bypass to a PCI centre. Discussion: We anticipate four challenges to successful study implementation and have developed strategies for each: 1) diversity in the interpretation of the ethical and privacy issues across 47 research ethics boards/commiittees covering 71 hospitals, 2) remote oversight of data guardian abstraction, 3) timeliness of implementation, and 4) potential interference in the study by concurrent technological advances. Research ethics approvals from academic centres were obtained initially and submitted to non academic centre applications. Data guardians were trained by a single investigator and data entry is informed by a detailed data dictionary including variable definitions and abstraction instrucations and subjected to error and logic checks. Quality oversight provided by a single investigator. The window of the trial in each community has been confirmed with the basehospital medical director to correspond to the planned technological advances of the system of care. We hope this comparative analysis across treatment strategies for clinical outcomes and cost will provide sufficient evidence to implement the superior strategy across all communities and improve outcomes for all STEMI patients.
Estimation of myocardial flow reserve utilizing an ultrafast cardiac SPECT: Comparison with coronary angiography, fractional flow reserve, and the SYNTAX score; Background: Quantitative assessment of myocardial flow reserve (MFR) by single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) myocardial perfusion imaging (MPI) is challenging but may facilitate evaluation of multi-vessel coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods: We enrolled 153 patients with suspected or known CAD, referred for pharmacological stress MPI. They underwent a Tc-99m-perfusion stress/rest SPECT with an ultrafast cadmium-zinc-telluride (CZT) camera. Dynamic data were acquired and time-activity curves fitted to a 1-tissue compartment analysis with input function. K1 was assigned for stress and rest data. The MFR index (MFRi) was calculated as K1 stress/K1 at-rest. The findings were validated by invasive coronary angiography in 69 consecutive patients. Results: The global MFRi was 1.46 (1.16-1.76), 1.33 (1.12-1.54), and 1.18 (1.01-1.35), for 1-vessel disease (VD), 2-VD, and 3-VD, respectively. In the 3-VD, global MFRi was lower than that in 0-VD (1.63 [1.22-2.04], P < 0.0001) and 1-VD (P = 0.003). Multivariate logistic regression analysis for 3-VD showed significant associations with smoking history (odds ratio [OR]: 4.4 [0.4-8.4]), left ventricular ejection fraction (OR: 61.6 [57.5-66.0]), and global MFRi (OR: 119.6 [111.5-127.7], P = 0.002). A cut-off value of 1.3 yielded 93.3% sensitivity and 75.9% specificity for diagnosing 3-VD. Fractional flow reserve positively correlated with regional MFRi (r = 0.62, P = 0.008), and the SYNTAX score correlated negatively with global MFRi (r = 0.567, P = 0.0003). Conclusion: We developed and validated a clinically available method for MFR quantification by dynamic Tc-99m-perfusion SPECT utilizing a CZT camera, which improves the detectability of multi-vessel CAD. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Fragmented QRS Complex Predicts the Arrhythmic Events in Patients with Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Cardiomyopathy/Dysplasia; frQRS and Outcomes in ARVC/D BackgroundFragmented QRS (frQRS) complex, with various morphology, has been recently described as a diagnostic criterion of arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy/dysplasia (ARVC/D). However, there are little data regarding the prognostic role of frQRS in these patients. Therefore, we aimed to investigate the association of frQRS with arrhythmic events in patients with ARVC/D. MethodsSeventy-eight patients (51 men, 65.4%; mean age: 31.25 11.5 years) with the diagnosis of ARVC/D according to 2010 modified Task Force Criteria were analyzed retrospectively. Baseline ECG evaluation revealed frQRS complex in 46 patients (59%). Eleven patients with complete/incomplete right bundle branch block were excluded from the study. The phenomenon of frQRS was defined as deflections at the beginning of the QRS complex, on top of the R-wave, or in the nadir of the S-wave similar to the definition in CAD in either one right precordial lead or in more than one lead including all standard ECG leads. ResultsDuring 38 +/- 14 months follow-up period, 3 patients (3.8%) died suddenly, 36 patients (46.1%) experienced arrhythmic events (32 ventricular tachycardias [VTs] and 4 ventricular fibrillation [VF], 30 in the ICD group). The frQRS was significantly associated with arrhythmic events (P < 0.001). Also, the number of ECG leads with frQRS complex was higher in patients with arrhythmic events (5.08 +/- 2.5 vs 1.14 +/- 1.7, P < 0.001, respectively). ConclusionThe frQRS complex on standard 12-lead ECG predicts fatal and nonfatal arrhythmic events in patients with ARVC/D. Therefore, large scale and prospective studies are needed to confirm those findings.
Clinical predictors of successful cephalic vein access for implantation of endocardial leads; Background: The purpose of this study was to determine whether there are any patient characteristics that predict successful use of the cephalic vein for endocardial lead implantation. Methods: One-hundred fifty consecutive patients who underwent implantation of one or more endocardial pacemaker (N = 63) or defibrillator (N = 87) leads using a cephalic vein approach were included in this prospective study. The mean age of the patients was 63 +/- 14 years, and 115 (77%) were men. Ninty- one patients (61%) had coronary artery disease, 77 patients (51%) had hypertension, and 42 patients (28%) had diabetes. The mean ejection fraction was 0.34 +/- 0.17. Results: At least one lead was successfully implanted using a cephalic vein approach in 96 patients (64%). The most common reason for failure of the cephalic vein approach was a small cephalic vein, found in 25 patients (17%). Independent predictors of successful cephalic vein use were diabetes (p < 0.001), ejection fraction ≤0.40 (p <0.05), and male gender (p < 0.05). At least one endocardial lead was implanted in 19 of the 24 (79%) men who had an ejection fraction ≤0.40 and diabetes, compared to 4 of the 11 (36%) women who had an ejection fraction > 0.40 and did not have diabetes. The only independent predictor of successful cephalic vein implantation among nondiabetics was an ejection fraction less than or equal to0.40 (p <0.01). Body size was not an independent predictor of successful cephalic vein use. Conclusion: Baseline patient characteristics influence the likelihood of successful endocardial lead implantation using a cephalic vein approach. Diabetes, ventricular dysfunction, male gender and are associated with an increased likelihood of a successful implant using the cephalic vein. Smaller leads and and better techniques are needed to improve the success rate of cephalic vein implantion in all patients.
Epidemiology of cardiovascular complications in diabetes mellitus.; Epidemiologic studies indicate that hyperglycaemia is responsible for microangiopathy, but that its role in macroangiopathy is more controversial. The relative risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) is 2-to 3-fold greater for diabetic men and 3- to 5-fold greater for diabetic women. It is greater for lower limb arteriopathy (4- to 6-fold) and amputations(10- to 20-fold). Although relative risk is rather constant for different populations, absolute CHD risk depends on other risk factors and the rate of risk in the non-diabetic population. Yet hyperglycaemia is also a causal factor for CHD risk, as demonstrated in cohort studies of Type 1 diabetic patients without diabetic glomerulopathy or any associated CHD risk-factors, and especially in diabetic Pima Indians who are genetically protected against hypercholesterolaemia and hypertension. Finally, according to WESDR and UKPDS data, the 10-year risk of cardiovascular mortality increases by 10 % for every 1 % increase in HbA1 c value. Hyperglycaemia can be linked to atherogenesis through several pathways: glucooxidation of the extracellular matrix inducing accelerated atherosclerosis, endothelial dysfunction, with a decreased production or inactivation of NO, a thrombogenic tendency, with increase in PAI1,Willebrandt factor and platelet aggregation, and last (but not least) dyslipidaemia subsequent to lipoprotein glycooxidation and increased production of VLDL. Hyperglycaemia was associated with hyperlipoproteinaemia and high plasma triglyceride levels, low plasma HDL levels and high plasma levels of small and dense LDL in three high risk populations: diabetic women, Asian migrants, and the Finnish population of Kupsio. Moreover, impaired glucose tolerance appears to be a CHD risk marker indicative of insulin resistance apparently responsible for atherosclerosis related to an association of CHD risk factors rather than to hyperinsulinaemia. The precedence of insulin resistance over onset of Type 2 diabetes is consistent with the existence, at diagnosis, of clinical complications of atherosclerosis in 20 % of cases, as confirmed in the UKPDS study. Finally, though blood glucose control by sulphonylureas and insulin does not appear to be deleterious, these drugs have not shown their efficacy in reducing macrovascular adverse events in Type 2 diabetes, either because the cumulative incidence of events is inadequate (DCCT) or the efficacy of long-term hypoglycaemic effects is not apparent (UKPDS). Moreover, these studies have shown that exogenous as well as endogenous hyperinsulinaemia can lead to increase in weight, with potentially atherogenic android fat distribution. In conclusion, though the correlation between hyperglycaemia and microangiopathy is linear and well-established worldwide (with every 1 % increase or decrease in HbA1c resulting in a 30 % increase or decrease in microangiopathic events), the same is not true for macroangiopathy, whose prevalence is variable among populations. Thus, CHD mortality due to diabetes is 5-fold lower in France than in Finland, though the Monica study indicates a disparity within the French community.
REMNANT METABOLISM IN PERIPHERAL CELLS; Although in cross-sectional studies of men with premature CHD plasma triglycerides as well as LDL-cholesterol levels are almost invariably increased, the atherogenicity of plasma triglycerides has remained controversial, mainly because in most prospective studies triglycerides have failed to survive the test of multivariate analysis as an independent risk factor.  On the other hand the atherosclerotic risk is increased in some genetic disorders associated with elevated triglyceride levels and also in patients with remnant hyperlipidemia coexistence of non-functional apo E isoforms with a genetic or acquired disorder of VLDL/IDL metabolism lead to the accumulation of remnant lipoproteins (beta-VLDL) with a prolonged half life which are finally metabolized in macrophages leading to foam cell formation.  Similar remnant particles have been described as hypertriglyceridemic-VLDL1 (HTG-VLDL1) in patients with hypertriglyceridemia. At least two metabolic pathways are involved in the cellular uptake of remnant lipoproteins.  One is identical with the classical LDL-Apo B, E receptor, which binds these particles by either the apo B or apo E moiety.  The other binding site may be related to the LRP-type (LDL-receptor-like protein) remnant receptor which recognizes functional apo E isoforms.  In addition beta-VLDL and oxidatively modified remnant lipoproteins are recognized by the scavenger receptor of macrophages leading to cholesterylester accumulation.  The oxidized remnant lipoproteins may be also cytotoxic for endothelial cells as it has been shown extensively for the atherogenic oxidized LDL. Among the peripheral cells macrophages, endothelial cells and also vascular smooth muscle cells are the major cell types which are affected by atherogenic remnant lipoprotein particles. Despite triglycerides could not be proven as an independent risk factor in multivariate analysis there is growing evidence from in vivo as well as in vitro studies for the atherogenicity of remnants derived from triglyceride rich lipoproteins appearing in certain forms of hyperlipidemia.
Aircraft noise effects on sleep: Mechanisms, mitigation and research needs; There is an ample number of laboratory and field studies which provide sufficient evidence that aircraft noise disturbs sleep and, depending on traffic volume and noise levels, may impair behavior and well-being during the day. Although clinical sleep disorders have been shown to be associated with increased risk of cardiovascular diseases, only little is known about the long-term effects of aircraft noise disturbed sleep on health. National and international laws and guidelines try to limit aircraft noise exposure facilitating active and passive noise control to prevent relevant sleep disturbances and its consequences. Adopting the harmonized indicator of the European Union Directive 2002/49/EC, the WHO Night Noise Guideline for Europe (NNG) defines four Lnight , outside ranges associated with different risk levels of sleep disturbance and other health effects ( < 30, 30-40, 40-55, and > 55 dBA). Although traffic patterns differing in number and noise levels of events that lead to varying degrees of sleep disturbance may result in the same Lnight , simulations of nights with up to 200 aircraft noise events per night nicely corroborate expert opinion guidelines formulated in WHOs NNG. In the future, large scale field studies on the effects of nocturnal (aircraft) noise on sleep are needed. They should involve representative samples of the population including vulnerable groups like children and chronically ill subjects. Optimally, these studies are prospective in nature and examine the long-term consequences of noise-induced sleep disturbances. Furthermore, epidemiological case-control studies on the association of nocturnal (aircraft) noise exposure and cardiovascular disease are needed. Despite the existing gaps in knowledge on long-term health effects, sufficient data are available for defining limit values, guidelines and protection concepts, which should be updated with the availability of new data.
Higher hemoglobin is associated with less cerebral infarction, poor outcome, and death after subarachnoid hemorrhage; OBJECTIVE: Higher-goal hemoglobin (hgb) and more packed red blood cell transfusions lead to worse outcomes in general critical care patients. There are few data on hgb, transfusion, and outcomes after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH). METHODS: We reviewed the daily hgb levels of 103 patients with aneurysmal SAH. Cerebral infarction was diagnosed by computed tomographic scan. We corrected for Hunt and Hess grade, age, and angiographic vasospasm in multivariate models. RESULTS: Of 103 patients, the mean age was 55.3 +/- 14.5 years, 63% were women, and 29% were Hunt and Hess Grades 4 and 5; hgb values steadily declined from 12.6 +/- 1.7 g/dl the day of SAH to 10.4 +/- 1.2 g/dl by Day 14. Patients who died had lower hgb than survivors on,Days 0, 1, 2, 4, 6, 10, 11, and 12 (P <= 0.05). Higher mean hgb was associated with reduced odds of poor outcome (odds ratio, 0.57 per g/dl; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.38-0.87; P = 0.008) after correcting for Hunt and Hess grade, age, and vasospasm; results for hgb on Days 0 and I were similar. Higher Day 0 (odds ratio, 0.7 per g/dl; 95% CI, 0.5-0.99; P = 0.05) and mean hgb (odds ratio, 0.57 per g/dl; 95% CI, 0.38-0.87; P = 0.009) predicted a lower risk of cerebral infarction independent of vasospasm. There were no associations between hgb and other prognostic variables. CONCLUSION: We found that SAH patients with higher initial and mean hgb values had improved outcomes. Higher hgb in SAH patients may be beneficial. The efficacy and safety of blood transfusions to increase hgb in patients with SAH may warrant further study.
Reduced Heart Rate Variability Predicts Progression of Coronary Artery Calcification in Adults with Type 1 Diabetes and Controls Without Diabetes; Aim: Reduced heart rate variability (HRV) is a manifestation of cardiac autonomic neuropathy, a known complication of type 1 diabetes (T1D). We evaluated whether HRV predicted coronary artery calcium (CAC) progression. Methods: Subjects between 19 and 56 years of age with T1D or those without diabetes from the Coronary Artery Calcification in Type 1 Diabetes study underwent supine deep breathing 12-lead electrocardiograms. The SD of consecutive RR intervals was used as a measure of HRV. CAC was measured at two visits 6.0 +/- 0.5 years apart. Progression of CAC was defined as an increase in square root transformed CAC volume of >= 2.5 mm(3), excluding patients who had cardiovascular events during follow-up. Results: Reduced HRV was associated with older age, higher hemoglobin A1c, elevated albuminuria, CAC volume at baseline, and increased fibrinogen. Higher HRV at baseline was associated with lower likelihood CAC progression (odds ratio = 0.71, 95% confidence interval 0.56-0.90, P = 0.005), and the adjustment for known cardiovascular risk factors did not change this strong association, including adjustment for inflammatory markers. Conclusions: Reduced HRV predicted progression of CAC in adults with and without T1D. This association further supports the participation of autonomic neuropathy in the atherosclerosis process.
Pediatric cardiovascular risk factors; The dominant cause of mortality, morbidity and hospitalization worldwide is cardiac complications, and are the major public health problem in adult populations. The worldwide research is being focused on the idea that cardiovascular disease is an early life pathological state. Early unfavorable exposures, acting in different periods of fetal and early postnatal life, have been observed to be responsible for permanent editions in the cardiac system. This idea has been confirmed by preclinical experimental studies confirming the early life growth restriction leading to developmental adaptations in cardiovascular form and system. All these editions results in elevated susceptibility to cardiovascular disease. The present review article will put emphasis on these risk factors, which lead to the deadly cardiac pathology state in young infants.
ALternate Site Cardiac ResYNChronization (ALSYNC): a prospective and multicentre study of left ventricular endocardial pacing for cardiac resynchronization therapy; Aims The ALternate Site Cardiac ResYNChronization (ALSYNC) study evaluated the feasibility and safety of left ventricular endocardial pacing (LVEP) using a market-released pacing lead implanted via a single pectoral access by a novel atrial transseptal lead delivery system. Methods and results ALSYNC was a prospective clinical investigation with a minimum of 12-month follow-up in 18 centres of cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT)-indicated patients, who had failed or were unsuitable for conventional CRT. The ALSYNC system comprises the investigational lead delivery system and LVEP lead. Patients required warfarin therapy post-implant. The primary study objective was safety at 6-month follow-up, whichwas defined as freedom from complications related to the lead delivery system, implant procedure, or the lead >= 70%. The ALSYNC study enrolled 138 patients. The LVEP lead implant success rate was 89.4%. Freedom from complications meeting the definition of primary endpoint was 82.2% at 6 months (95% CI 75.6-88.8%). In the study, 14 transient ischaemic attacks (9 patients, 6.8%), 5 non-disabling strokes (5 patients, 3.8%), and 23 deaths (17.4%) were observed. No death was from a primary endpoint complication. At 6 months, the New York Heart Association class improved in 59% of patients, and 55% had LV end-systolic volume reduction of 15% or greater. Those patients enrolled after CRT non-response showed similar improvement with LVEP. Conclusions The ALSYNC study demonstrates clinical feasibility, and provides an early indication of possible benefit and risk of LVEP.
The influence of metformin in the etiology of selected cancers; Obesity, hypertension and glucose tolerance disorders have become a growing concern in recent years. It is estimated that over 220 million people suffer from diabetes. It is a condition conducive to cardiovascular diseases, nephropathy, retinopathy and neuropathy but also to the development of many types of cancer. Insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia lead to increased concentration of insulin-like growth factors, activation of IGF-R receptors, activation of PI3K and Ras-Raf pathways and result in increased cell division. The greatest risk is associated with developing stomach, pancreatic, colorectal, esophageal and lung cancer as well as breast and cervical cancer. Numerous cohort studies have confirmed that diabetic patients treated with metformin show a lower cancer morbidity and mortality rate. The dominant mechanism of action is activation of the AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) pathway and inhibition of mTOR protein, the key protein to regulate cell growth, apoptosis, proliferation and protein synthesis. Many clinical trials are currently under way to investigate the effectiveness of metformin in the prevention and treatment of neoplasms.
Prediction of Asymptomatic Carotid Artery Stenosis in the General Population Identification of High-Risk Groups; Background and Purpose-Because of a low prevalence of severe carotid stenosis in the general population, screening for presence of asymptomatic carotid artery stenosis (ACAS) is not warranted. Possibly, for certain subgroups, screening is worthwhile. The present study aims to develop prediction rules for the presence of ACAS (> 50% and > 70%). Methods-Individual participant data from 4 population-based cohort studies (Malm Diet and Cancer Study, Tromso Study, Carotid Atherosclerosis Progression Study, and Cardiovascular Health Study; totaling 23 706 participants) were pooled. Multivariable logistic regression was performed to determine which variables predict presence of ACAS (> 50% and > 70%). Calibration and discrimination of the models were assessed, and bootstrapping was used to correct for overfitting. Results-Age, sex, history of vascular disease, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein ratio, diabetes mellitus, and current smoking were predictors of stenosis (> 50% and > 70%). The calibration of the model was good confirmed by a nonsignificant Hosmer and Lemeshow test for moderate (P= 0.59) and severe stenosis (P= 0.07). The models discriminated well between participants with and without stenosis, with an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve corrected for over optimism of 0.82 (95% confidence interval, 0.80-0.84) for moderate stenosis and of 0.87 (95% confidence interval, 0.85-0.90) for severe stenosis. The regression coefficients of the predictors were converted into a score chart to facilitate practical application. Conclusions-A clinical prediction rule was developed that allows identification of subgroups with high prevalence of moderate (> 50%) and severe (> 70%) ACAS. When confirmed in comparable cohorts, application of the prediction rule may lead to a reduction in the number needed to screen for ACAS.
Stroke and Long-Term Exposure to Outdoor Air Pollution From Nitrogen Dioxide A Cohort Study; Background and Purpose-Years of exposure to tobacco smoke substantially increase the risk for stroke. Whether long-term exposure to outdoor air pollution can lead to stroke is not yet established. We examined the association between long-term exposure to traffic-related air pollution and incident and fatal stroke in a prospective cohort study. Methods-We followed 57 053 participants of the Danish Diet, Cancer and Health cohort in the Hospital Discharge Register for the first-ever hospital admission for stroke (incident stroke) between baseline (1993-1997) and 2006 and defined fatal strokes as death within 30 days of admission. We associated the estimated mean levels of nitrogen dioxide at residential addresses since 1971 to incident and fatal stroke by Cox regression analyses and examined the effects by stroke subtypes: ischemic, hemorrhagic, and nonspecified stroke. Results-Over a mean follow-up of 9.8 years of 52 215 eligible subjects, there were 1984 (3.8%) first-ever (incident) hospital admissions for stroke of whom 142 (7.2%) died within 30 days. We detected borderline significant associations between mean nitrogen dioxide levels at residence since 1971 and incident stroke (hazard ratio, 1.05; 95% CI, 0.99-1.11, per interquartile range increase) and stroke hospitalization followed by death within 30 days (1.22; 1.00-1.50). The associations were strongest for nonspecified and ischemic strokes, whereas no association was detected with hemorrhagic stroke. Conclusions-Long-term exposure to traffic-related air pollution may contribute to the development of ischemic but not hemorrhagic stroke, especially severe ischemic strokes leading to death within 30 days. (Stroke. 2012;43:320-325.)
The prognostic value of QT dispersion in patients with acute neurological events without known cardiac disease; Background: Electrocardiographic changes are known to occur in patients with acute neurological events but their significance remains uncertain. QT dispersion (QTD) reflects heterogeneity of myocardial repolarization, which is modulated by the central nervous system. QTD has been shown to predict adverse outcomes in various cardiac states. Objective: To determine the degree of QTD and its relation to outcome in patients with acute neurological events. Methods: We studied 40 patients admitted to our hospital with acute neurological events and without known cardiac disease. Simultaneous 12-lead ECG was done within 24 h of the onset. QTD was calculated manually as the difference between maximum and minimum QT intervals in at least 11 of 12 leads. Modified Rankin Scale (MRS) was used to assess functional status after 3 months from the onset. Results: Increased QTD in the 24 h-ECG following the onset of acute neurological events (median = 60, range, 20-120 ms). QTD was higher in patients with intercerebral hemorrhage as compared to non hemorrhagic stroke (67 +/- 16 versus 52 +/- 26 ms; p = 0.04). The increase in QTD was associated with lower functional outcomes on Modified Rankin Scale ((r = 0.65 and p = 0.001) and with a higher mortality (p = 0.006) at 3 months follow-up. On multivariate analysis, the most independent predictors of mortality were QTD (odds ratio, 1.13; 95% confidence interval, 1.03-1.25) and GCS (odds ratio, 0.366; 95% confidence interval, 0.177-0.758). Conclusion: Prolonged QTD in the first 24 h of acute neurological events is an independent predictor of short-term functional outcome and mortality following. (C) 2016 The Egyptian College of Critical Care Physicians. Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V.
Spectrum of cardiac abnormalities associated with long QT in stroke survivors; Objectives: To find out what spectrum of cardiac abnormalities are found in those stroke survivors who can be deemed to be at high cardiac risk by their having long QT. Methods: 202 patients with good recovery from a cerebrovascular event occurring at least one month previously were recruited into a prospective epidemiological study. These stroke survivors underwent a battery of cardiac investigations including 12 lead ECG, echocardiography, myocardial perfusion scanning, and heart rate variability assessment. The ECGs were digitised by a single observer blinded to the blood pressure and other investigations of the patients. The maximum heart rate corrected QT interval (QTc max) in the 12 lead ECG was derived by Bazett's formula. Results: Prolonged QTc max significantly correlated with increasing blood pressure, left ventricular mass index, and depressed heart rate variability. As the number of cardiac abnormalities increased, QTc max became more prolonged. Conclusions: Long QT is significantly associated with left ventricular mass index even after adjustment for both systolic and diastolic blood pressures. Long QT was also associated with the total cardiac disease burden. These two observations may explain why stroke survivors with long QTc max were at greater risk of cardiac death.
Association of isolated minor non-specific ST-segment and T-wave abnormalities with subclinical atherosclerosis in a middle-aged, biracial population: Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study; Aims:Isolated minor non-specific ST-segment and T-wave abnormalities (NSSTTAs) are common and known to be independent electrocardiographic risk markers for future cardiovascular disease (CVD) events. The association of NSSTTA with subclinical atherosclerosis is not well defined, but has been postulated as a potential mechanism of association with future clinical events. Methods and results:We studied participants from the Year 20 examination of the middle-aged, biracial CARDIA cohort. This examination included measurement of traditional risk factors, 12-lead electrocardiograms (ECGs), coronary artery calcium (CAC) measurement and common carotid intima-media thickness (CC-IMT). ECGs were coded using both Minnesota Code (MC) and Novacode (NC) criteria. Isolated minor STTA was defined by MC as presence of MC 4-3, 4-4, 5-3, or 5-4, and by NC as presence of NC 5.8. ECGs with secondary causes of STTA (i.e. LVH) were excluded. Multivariable logistic regression was used to determine the cross-sectional association of isolated minor NSSTTAs with CAC and CC-IMT. The study sample consisted of 2175 participants with an average age of 45 years (57% female and 43% Black). Isolated NSSTTAs were present in 5.1% of males and 6.3% of females. No association was observed between NSSTTA and CAC. After multivariable-adjustment for traditional CVD risk factors, the presence of isolated minor NSSTTAs remained significantly associated with the extent of CC-IMT (odds ratio 1.25 (1.06-1.48), p<0.01). This association remained significant after further adjustment for CAC. Conclusions:Isolated minor NSSTTAs were associated with the extent of CC-IMT, but not with CAC, in this middle-aged biracial cohort. Further study is needed to elucidate potential mechanisms for these findings.
Prediction of Outcome in Neurogenic Oropharyngeal Dysphagia within 72 Hours of Acute Stroke; Background: Stroke is the most frequent cause of neurogenic oropharyngeal dysphagia (NOD). In the acute phase of stroke, the frequency of NOD is greater than 50% and, half of this patient population return to good swallowing within 14 days while the other half develop chronic dysphagia. Because dysphagia leads to aspiration pneumonia, malnutrition, and in-hospital mortality, it is important to pay attention to swallowing problems. The question arises if a prediction of severe chronic dysphagia is possible within the first 72 hours of acute stroke. Methods: On admission to the stroke unit, all stroke patients were screened for swallowing problems by the nursing staff within 2 hours. Patients showing signs of aspiration were included in the study (n = 114) and were given a clinical swallowing examination (CSE) by the swallowing/speech therapist within 24 hours and a swallowing endoscopy within 72 hours by the physician. The primary outcome of the study was the functional communication measure (FCM) of swallowing (score 1-3, tube feeding dependency) on day 90. Results: The grading system with the FCM swallowing and the penetration-aspiration scale (PAS) in the first 72 hours was tested in a multivariate analysis for its predictive value for tube feeding-dependency on day 90. For the FCM level 1 to 3 (P < .0022) and PAS level 5 to 8 (P < .00001), the area under the curve (AUC) was 72.8% and showed an odds ratio of 11.8 (P < .00001; 95% confidence interval 0.036-0.096), achieving for the patient a 12 times less chance of being orally fed on day 90 and therefore still being tube feeding-dependent. Conclusions: We conclude that signs of aspiration in the first 72 hours of acute stroke can predict severe swallowing problems on day 90. Consequently, patients should be tested on admission to a stroke unit and evaluated with established dysphagia scales to prevent aspiration pneumonia and malnutrition. A dysphagia program can lead to better communication within the stroke unit team to initiate the appropriate diagnostics and swallowing therapy as soon as possible.
Evaluation of race and insurance status as predictors of undergoing laparoscopic appendectomy in children; Objective: The objective of this study was to determine the relationship of race and socioeconomic factors and the method used for appendectomies in children (open vs. laparoscopic). Summary Background Data: Previous studies have shown racial and insurance-related differences associated with the management of appendicitis in adults. It is not known whether these differences are observed in children. Methods: Children (<15 years) undergoing appendectomy from 1996 to 2002 were identified in the Nationwide Inpatient Sample. Severity of appendicitis and underlying chronic illnesses were determined by ICD-9 codes. Hospital characteristics evaluated included teaching status and location, children's hospital status, and volume of appendectomies. Hierarchical unadjusted and risk-adjusted logistic regression analyses were performed. Results: Among 72,189 children undergoing an appendectomy for appendicitis, 11,714 (16%) underwent a laparoscopic appendectomy. Multivariate analysis showed that whites were more likely to undergo a laparoscopic appendectomy than blacks (odds ratio, 1.14; 95% CI, 1.03-1.25, P=0.01) but not other races. A significant interaction between payer source and children's hospital designation was observed, with the odds of children with private insurance undergoing laparoscopic appendectomy being significantly higher than those without private insurance at nonchildren's hospitals but not at children's hospitals. Conclusions: There are significant racial and insurance-related differences in use of laparoscopic appendectomy in children that are most evident at nonchildren's hospitals. These findings provide evidence that factors at hospitals dedicated to children may lead to better access to new technologies.
Clinical Characteristics of Elderly Acute Ischemic Stroke Patients Calling Emergency Medical Services; Background: Time is the most important determining factor in acute ischemic stroke (AIS) treatment. Calling emergency medical services (EMS) during an AIS can reduce the time until treatment. Although differences in clinical characteristics, including sex, have been studied in patients with acute coronary syndrome, limited data are available on the differences among patients with AIS who call EMS, especially elderly patients. Methods: Patients aged 65 years or older who had received a diagnosis of AIS within 1 week of hospitalization were recruited and analyzed within 24 hours after symptom onset between January 1, 2012 and December 31, 2015. Calls to EMS was assessed by self-report during an in-hospital interview and verified using structured chart reviews to determine clinical differences among patients calls to EMS. Results: Of the 1,002 patients studied, 414 patients (41.3%) called EMS. A similar percentage of women and men with AIS called EMS (43.1% and 39.3%, respectively). The group calls to EMS had a faster median arrival time at the hospital (159 minutes vs. 793 minutes) and higher National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) score (8.2 +/- 6.25 vs. 4.28 +/- 3.73). After adjusting for sociodemographic factors, EMS users were found to have shorter median onset-to-door time and higher NIHSS scores (odds ratio [OR], 3.538; 95% confidence interval [CI], 2.333-5.366; p<0.01, and OR, 3.336; 95% CI, 1.032-10.786; p<0.05, respectively). Conclusion: Our study suggests that calls to EMS reduces prehospital delay and expedites treatment for stroke. We expect that a wide-ranging and specialized educational program for increasing EMS use and enhancing stroke knowledge will lead to early hospital arrival for all age groups.
Association between proximal internal carotid artery steno-occlusive disease and diffuse wall thickening in its petrous segment: a magnetic resonance vessel wall imaging study; Purpose Significant stenosis or occlusion in carotid arteries may lead to diffuse wall thickening (DWT) in the arterial wall of downstream. This study aimed to investigate the correlation between proximal internal carotid artery (ICA) steno-occlusive disease and DWT in ipsilateral petrous ICA. Methods Symptomatic patients with atherosclerotic stenosis (> 0%) in proximal ICA were recruited and underwent carotid MR vessel wall imaging. The 3D motion sensitized-driven equilibrium prepared rapid gradient-echo (3D-MERGE) was acquired for characterizing the wall thickness and longitudinal extent of the lesions in petrous ICA and the distance from proximal lesion to the petrous ICA. The stenosis degree in proximal ICA was measured on the time-of-flight (TOF) images. results In total, 166 carotid arteries from 125 patients (mean age 61.0 +/- 10.5 years, 99 males) were eligible for final analysis and 64 showed DWT in petrous ICAs. The prevalence of severe DWT in petrous ICA was 1.4%, 5.3%, 5.9%, and 80.4% in ipsilateral proximal ICAs with stenosis category of 1%-49%, 50%-69%, 70%-99%, and total occlusion, respectively. Proximal ICA stenosis was significantly correlated with the wall thickness in petrous ICA (r = 0.767, P < 0.001). Logistic regression analysis showed that proximal ICA stenosis was independently associated with DWT in ipsilateral petrous ICA (odds ratio (OR) = 2.459, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.896-3.189, P < 0.001]. Conclusion Proximal ICA steno-occlusive disease is independently associated with DWT in ipsilateral petrous ICA.
Femoral Artery Atherosclerosis Is Associated With Physical Function Across the Spectrum of the Ankle-Brachial Index: The San Diego Population Study; Background-The ankle-brachial index (ABI) is inadequate to detect early-stage atherosclerotic disease, when interventions to prevent functional decline may be the most effective. We determined associations of femoral artery atherosclerosis with physical functioning, across the spectrum of the ABI, and within the normal ABI range. Methods and Results-In 2007-2011, 1103 multiethnic men and women participated in the San Diego Population Study, and completed all components of the summary performance score. Using Doppler ultrasound, superficial and common femoral intima media thickness and plaques were ascertained. Logistic regression was used to assess associations of femoral atherosclerosis with the summary performance score and its individual components. Models were adjusted for demographics, lifestyle factors, comorbidities, lipids, and kidney function. In adjusted models, among participants with a normal-range ABI (1.00-1.30), the highest tertile of superficial intima media thickness was associated with lower odds of a perfect summary performance score of 12 (odds ratio=0.56 [0.36, 0.87], P=0.009), and lower odds of a 4-m walk score of 4 (0.34 [0.16, 0.73], P=0.006) and chair rise score of 4 (0.56 [0.34, 0.94], P=0.03). Plaque presence (0.53 [0.29, 0.99], P=0.04) and greater total plaque burden (0.61 [0.43, 0.87], P=0.006) were associated with worse 4-m walk performance in the normal-range ABI group. Higher superficial intima media thickness was associated with lower summary performance score in all individuals (P=0.02). Conclusions-Findings suggest that use of femoral artery atherosclerosis measures may be effective in individuals with a normal-range ABI, especially, for example, those with diabetes mellitus or a family history of peripheral artery disease, when detection can lead to earlier intervention to prevent functional declines and improve quality of life.
Early start renal replacement therapy for acute kidney injury-Universal panacea or another case of over medicalization?; Despite advances in medical practice and renal replacement therapy, the mortality of patients who develop acute kidney injury remains high. In the field of cardiology, the management of myocardial infarction has evolved from one of conservative bed rest to primary coronary intervention. As renal replacement therapy is now generally available, the question arises whether earlier intervention could lead to improved patient outcomes. The evidence to date is primarily centered on retrospective observational reports, with the majority reporting increased patient survival for earlier intervention. However, these reports are typically based on small numbers of patients and differ in the etiology of acute kidney injury, patient comorbidity, and definitions of what constitutes "early" start. To date, there is less than a handful of prospective randomized studies published in the modern era. Again these are small studies, with differing patient populations, and definitions of "early" start, but generally do not show any significant advantage for an "early" start approach. As such until adequately powered prospective trial data become available, the decision to initiate renal replacement therapy should be made by the traditional review of patient history, repeated clinical assessments, and trends in biochemical data.
Emerging Risk Factors for Coronary Heart Disease: A Summary of Systematic Reviews Conducted for the US Preventive Services Task Force; Background: Traditional risk factors do not explain all of the risk for incident coronary heart disease (CHD) events. Various new or emerging risk factors have the potential to improve global risk assessment for CHD. Purpose: To summarize the results of 9 systematic reviews of novel risk factors to help the U. S. Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF) evaluate the factors' clinical usefulness. Data Sources: Results from a MEDLINE search for English-language articles published from 1966 to September 2008, using the Medical Subject Heading terms cohort studies and cardiovascular diseases in combination with terms for each risk factor. Study Selection: Studies were included if the participants had no baseline cardiovascular disease and the investigators adjusted for at least 6 Framingham risk factors. Data Extraction: Study quality was evaluated by using USPSTF criteria and overall quality of evidence for each risk factor by using a modified version of the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation framework. Each factor's potential clinical value was evaluated by using a set of criteria that emphasized the importance of the effect of that factor on the reclassification of intermediate-risk persons. Data Synthesis: 9 systematic reviews were conducted. C-reactive protein (CRP) was the best candidate for use in screening and the most rigorously studied, but evidence that changes in CRP level lead to primary prevention of CHD events is inconclusive. The other evaluated risk factors were coronary artery calcium score as measured by electron-beam computed tomography, lipoprotein(a) level, homocysteine level, leukocyte count, fasting blood glucose, periodontal disease, ankle-brachial index, and carotid intima-media thickness. The availability and validity of the evidence varied considerably across the risk factors in terms of aggregate quality, consistency of findings, and applicability to intermediate-risk persons in the general population. For most risk factors, no studies assessed their usefulness for reclassifying intermediate-risk persons. Limitations: Because of lack of access to original data, no firm conclusions could be drawn about differences in risk prediction among racial and ethnic groups. The review did not emphasize within-cohort comparisons of multiple risk factors. Conclusion: The current evidence does not support the routine use of any of the 9 risk factors for further risk stratification of intermediate-risk persons.
Optimal method to achieve consistently low defibrillation energy requirements; Reduction of the defibrillation energy requirement offers the opportunity to decrease implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD) size and to increase device longevity. Therefore, the purpose of this prospective study was to obtain confirmed defibrillation thresholds (DFTs) of less than or equal to 15 J in each patient with an endocardial dual-coil lead system incorporating an active pectoral pulse generator (TRIAD lead system: RV- --> SVC+ + CAN(+)). According to our previous clinical and experimental studies, we tried to lower DFTs that were >15 J by repositioning the distal coil of the endocardial lead system in the right ventricle. A total of 190 consecutive patients requiring ICDs for ventricular fibrillation and/or recurrent ventricular tachycardia were investigated at the time of ICD implantation (42 women, 148 men; mean age 61.9 +/- 12.0 years; mean left ventricular ejection fraction 42.7 +/- 16.6%). Coronary artery disease was present in 139 patients; nonischemic dilated cardiomyopathy in 34 patients; and other etiologies in 17 patients; 47 patients had undergone previous cardiac surgery. Regardless of optimal pacing and sensing parameters, for patients having DFTs >15, we repositioned the distal coil of the endocardial lead system toward the intraventricular septum to include this part of both ventricles within the electrical defibrillating field. In 177 of 190 patients, induced ventricular fibrillation was successfully terminated with less than or equal to 15 J (group I) using the initial lead position. Repositioning of the endocardial lead was necessary in 13 patients whose DFTplus (DFTplus = second additional success at lowest energy level) were >15 J (group II). In all patients, repositioning was successful within a 15 J energy level (100% success). The mean DFTplus was 7.3 +/- 3.5 J (group I) and 11.0 +/- 4.5 J (group II; p < 0.005). The mean DFTplus of all patients enrolled in the study was 7.6 +/- 3.7 J (range: 2 to 15 J). In 87% of all patients, DFTplus of <less than or equal to>10 J was achieved. Repositioning of the endocardial lead in the right ventricle is a simple and effective method to reduce intraoperative high DFTs. As a result of this procedure, ICDs with a 20 J output should be sufficient for the vast majority (87%) of our patients. Furthermore, we were able to avoid additional subcutaneous or epicardial electrodes in all patients. (C) 2000 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
A pilot study on systemic thrombolysis followed by low molecular weight heparin in ischemic stroke; Low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) administered immediately after intravenous thrombolysis (IT) may reduce the risk of arterial re-occlusion. Its benefit, however, may not outweigh the risk of intracranial hemorrhage (ICH). We sought preliminary data regarding safety of this combined therapy in an open-label, non-randomized study. The patients received either a standard anticoagulation (AC) starting 24 h after IT (the standard AC group) or AC with 2850 IU of nadroparin, given every 12 h immediately after IT (the early AC group). Sixty patients received IT treatment: 25 in the standard AC group [mean age 66, median National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) 13, 64% men] and 35 in the early AC group (mean age 68, median NIHSS 13, 69% men). Symptomatic ICH occurred in one patient (4%) in the standard AC group and three patients (8.6%) in the early AC group [odds ratio (OR) 1.8; 95%CI 0.2-12.8]. At 3 months, nine patients in the standard AC group (36%) and 16 patients in the early AC group (45.7%) achieved a modified Rankin scale 0 or 1 (OR 1.2; 95%CI 0.5-3.2). Our study suggests that treatment with LMWH could be associated with higher odds of ICH, although it may not necessarily lead to a worse outcome. This justifies larger clinical trials.
NEUROLOGICAL COMPLICATIONS DURING MYOCARDIAL REVASCULARIZATION USING WARM-BODY, COLD-HEART SURGERY; Does the use of warm-body perfusion in elderly patients with severe cerebrovascular disease lead to a higher incidence of stroke, due to hypotension secondary to low systemic vascular resistance? Two thousand, three hundred eighty-three (2,383) consecutive myocardial revascularizations were performed (1987-1992) using warm-body (perfusion 37-degrees-C), cold-heart surgery (cold cardioplegic arrest). The perfusion pressure was maintained between 50-70 torr; hematocrit was kept around 20%. Prospective data during hospitalization revealed 23 operative deaths (1%), and 24 patients (1%) who developed new neurological signs after surgery. The latter formed three groups: Group I consisted of six patients with severe neurological deficits, who never regained consciousness and died after support systems withdrawal. Croup II included 14 patients with postoperative clinical evidence of focal cerebral infarction (9 had hemiplegia, 2 had visual disturbance, and 3 showed alteration of memory), all of whom had residual defects at discharge; Group III was composed of four patients with minor neurological deficits after surgery (hemiparesis, gait disturbance, mental changes) which had cleared up by discharge. These data were compared retrospectively with 1605 patients (1980 - 1986) undergoing myocardial revascularization with moderate (25-30-degrees-C) hypothermia and the same surgical team and operative techniques. Both groups had similar preoperative demographics except the warm group included more elderly patients, higher numbers with unstable angina and poor ejection fraction, and more frequent use of a mammary artery conduit. Neurological complications were 1% and 1.3% for the normothermic and hypothermic perfusion groups respectively. Incremental risk factors of stroke remain: age over 70 years, diffuse atherosclerosis of the aorta, carotid occlusive disease, and severe hypotension during perfusion. Thus, in this large prospective series the incidence of neurological complications was found to be no higher with warm-body perfusion than with hypothermic perfusion.
Long-Term Outcomes of Ischemic Stroke of Undetermined Mechanism: A Population-Based Prospective Cohort; Background and Purpose: Little is known about the short-and long-term outcomes of ischemic stroke of undetermined mechanism (ISUM). Methods: Subjects were recruited from the Mashhad Stroke Incidence Study. Ischemic stroke (IS) was classified on the basis of the TOAST criteria. We further categorized patients with ISUM into ISUMneg (negative clinical/test results for large artery, small artery) and ISUMinc (incomplete investigations). Cox proportional hazard models and the competing-risk regression model were used to compare 1 and 5 years mortality (all-causes) and recurrent rate among IS subtypes. Results: Overall, 1-year mortality was higher in those with ISUMinc than in ISUMneg (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 1.6, 95% CI 1.01-2.8; p = 0.04) and in other stroke subtypes. Cardioembolic stroke was associated with the greatest risk of stroke recurrence at one year (aHR 4.9, 95% CI 1.8-12.9; p = 0.001) and 5 years (HR 2.1, 95% CI 1.1-3.7; p = 0.01) as compared to ISUMneg. Conclusions: The classification of ISUM as a single group may lead to over-or underestimation of mortality and recurrence in this major category of IS. A better definition of ISUM is necessary to predict death and recurrence accurately. (C) 2017 S. Karger AG, Basel
Detection of occult paroxysmal atrial fibrilation by implantable long-term electrocardiographic monitoring in cryptogenic stroke and transient ischemic attack population: a study protocol for prospective matched cohort study; Background: Cardio-embolic etiology is the most frequently predicted cause of cryptogenic stroke/TIA. Detection of occult paroxysmal atrial fibrillation is crucial for selection of appropriate medication. Methods: Enrolment of eligible cryptogenic stroke and TIA patients began in 2014 and will continue until 2018. The patients undergo long-term (12 months) ECG monitoring (implantable loop recorder) and testing for PITX2 (chromosome 4q25) and ZFHX3 (chromosome 16q22) gene mutations. There will be an appropriate control group of age-and sex-matched healthy volunteers. To analyse the results descriptive statistics, statistical tests for group differences, and correlation analyses will be used. Discussion: In our study we are focusing on a possible correlation between detection of atrial fibrillation by an implantable ECG recorder, and PITX2 and/or ZFHX3 gene mutations in cryptogenic stroke/TIA patients. A correlation could lead to implementation of this genomic approach to cryptogenic stroke/TIA diagnostics and management. The results will be published in 2018.
FEMALE MORTALITY IN THE PROSPECTIVE-STUDY AND ITS RELATION TO BASIC RISK-FACTORS; The data obtained in the prospective study of females aged 20-69 years in one of the Leningrad districts made in possible to assess the role of basic risk factors of cardiovascular diseases (CCV) as predictors of death. For females, arterial hypertension was not found to be a significant risk factor for CCV mortality. Among lipid fractions, elevated levels of low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was demonstrated to hold the lead (the risk ratio, 3.6), high levels of triglycerides occupied the second place (the risk ratio, 1.88, and the content of total cholesterol occupied the third place (the risk ratio, 1.7). Low body weight was the major protective factor in females. Following 5 years of the primary survey, the cumulative cancer mortality continued to increase in individuals having low cholesterol levels, which opposes the supposition that low cholesterol concentrations are a marker of an existing tumor process. The CCV mortality-total cholesterol level relationship was demonstrated to be prone to u-dependence, i. e. a deviation from average cholesterol levels towards the both directions is an unfavorable factor and requires that a clinicist be more careful.
VALIDATION OF TRANSBRONCHIAL CRYOBIOPSY IN INTERSTITIAL LUNG DISEASE - INTERIM ANALYSIS OF A PROSPECTIVE TRIAL AND CRITICAL REVIEW OF THE LITERATURE; Background: Transbronchial Cryobiopsy (Cryo-TBB) represents a new approach for sampling lung tissue in interstitial lung disease (ILD). Objectives: Comparing the reliability of Cryo-TBB results and the procedure's complication rates with the procedure of surgical lung biopsy (SLB). Methods: ILD subjects with the need of lung tissue sampling are analyzed in this prospective trial. To determine the relevance of procedure-related complications the pooled data from the ongoing and previous Cryo-TBB studies were compared with pooled data from previous SLB studies in an interim analysis. In our own cohort we analyzed how often Cryo-TBB results lead to a definite diagnosis without the need for a SLB. In subjects who underwent both procedures it was determined how often SLB confirmed Cryo-TBB findings. Results: Analyzing the pooled data of the ongoing study (19 subjects) and our own retrospective study (32 subjects), in 38/51 subjects (75%) SLB was deemed to be unnecessary following Cryo-TBB. In 12/13 subjects an SLB was performed confirming Cryo-TBB results in 92%. 30 day-mortality was 1.9%, bleeding occurred in 78%, pneumothorax in 22%. 2 subjects showed a myocardial infarction. Complication rates are comparable to previous Cryo-TBB studies. Analysis of the pooled data from the literature showed an overall 30-day mortality of 0.7% for Cryo-TBB and 3.3% for SLB. Conclusions: Cryo-TBB may be a reliable diagnostic tool in ILD, dispensing the need for a SLB in most cases. Severe complications may occur less frequently than in SLB. Modifications of the procedure may lead to further risk reduction.
Characteristics of Unselected High-Burden Premature Ventricular Contraction Patients; Background: High-burden premature ventricular contractions (PVCs) may be an important determinant of heart failure (HF) in patients presenting for PVC ablation. The prevalence and characteristics of high-burden PVC patients outside this setting remain unknown. We, therefore, sought to determine predictors of high-burden PVCs and, among high-burden PVC patients, predictors of HF. Methods: We identified all patients undergoing a 24-48-hour Holter study showing at least 20% PVCs between 2005 and 2013 at the University of California, San Francisco. Three time-matched controls undergoing Holter monitoring were selected for each high-burden PVC patient. Medical records were reviewed and test characteristics of PVC counts from 12-lead electrocardiograms (ECG) as predictors of high-burden PVC Holters were analyzed. Results: Among 5,091 participants, 66 (1.3%) exhibited at least 20% PVCs. After multivariate adjustment, high-burden PVC patients had a three-fold greater odds of HF (odds ratio [OR] 3.15; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.28-6.50; P = 0.005) and 10-fold greater odds of having a first-degree family member with sudden death (OR 9.97; 95% CI 1.78-60.8; P = 0.011). The C-statistic for the number of PVCs on 12-lead electrocardiogram as a predictor of high-burden PVCs was 0.7949. Among high-burden PVC patients, HF was associated with a history of coronary artery bypass grafting (OR 11.76; 95% CI 1.30-106.49; P = 0.028). Conclusion: Among all undergoing Holter monitoring, 1.3% exhibited high-burden PVCs, a phenomenon associated with HF and a first-degree family history of sudden death. In an analysis restricted to high-burden PVC patients, a history of coronary artery bypass grafting was a predictor of HF.
Impact of various compression rates on interpretation of digital coronary angiograms; According to the ACC/ACR/NEMA/ESC-guidelines, digital techniques should be replaced by cinefilm for coronary angiography. The ad hoc group of experts recently chose CD-R (CD recordable) as transport media and the JPEG standard for image compression. To avoid a possible loss of image quality, the guidelines allow a maximal data compression of only 2:1. This, however, leads to a considerable limitation: coronary angiograms cannot be viewed in real-time directly from CD. Since the possible influence of higher compression rates on image quality of coronary angiograms had not been investigated in a controlled study, we evaluated 8 various compression rates (ranging from 5:1 to 43:1) according to a prospective, randomized and blinded protocol. Four independent observers assessed 1440 angiograms using a semiquantitative score. We found that angiograms with a compression rate of 5:1 and 6:1 did not lead to a clinically relevant deterioration of image quality, whereas 11:1 was still acceptable, but 33:1 becomes unacceptable. Since no clinically relevant loss of information at a compression rate of 6:1 was experienced in our study, a modification of the ACC/ACJ/NEMA/ESC-guidelines allowing higher compression rates should be considered. (C) 1997 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
A PROSPECTIVE EVALUATION OF THE UTILITY OF THE PREHOSPITAL 12-LEAD ELECTROCARDIOGRAM TO CHANGE PATIENT MANAGEMENT IN THE EMERGENCY DEPARTMENT; Objective. Retrospective research has shown that 19% of 12-lead prehospital electrocardiograms (prehospital ECGs) had clinically significant abnormalities that were not captured on the initial emergency department (ED) ECG and had the potential to change medical management. The purpose of this study was to prospectively determine how many prehospital ECGs had clinically significant abnormalities not present on the initial ED ECG and determine how many prehospital ECGs changed physician management. Methods. We conducted a 3-month, prospective cohort study of patients who had a 12-lead prehospital ECG completed by EMS prior to arriving at one of two tertiary care EDs. STEMI bypass patients were excluded. Physicians reviewed the prehospital ECG to determine whether there were any clinically significant abnormalities present on the prehospital ECG not captured on the initial ED ECG. Physicians recorded if and how the prehospital ECG changed their management. Results. A total of 281 patients were enrolled. Thirty-five (12.5%; 95% CI: 9.1%, 16.8%) prehospital ECGs showed changes that were not captured on the initial ED ECG (11 ST depression, 5 T-wave inversion [TWI], 2 ST depression and TWI, 12 arrhythmia, 2 arrhythmia with ST depression, 2 ST elevation, 1 unknown). Fifty-two (18.5%; 95% CI: 14.4%, 23.5%) prehospital ECGs influenced physician management. There were 30 (10.7%) instances where physicians were willing to refer the patient to an inpatient service based on information captured on the prehospital ECG, regardless if the initial ED ECG was normal. Conclusions. Prehospital ECGs show clinically significant abnormalities that are not always captured on the initial ED ECG. Prehospital ECGs have the potential to change the management of patients in the ED.
The transmyocardial laser revascularization international registry report; Aims This report aimed to provide an analysis of the data submitted from Europe and Asia on transmyocardial laser revascularization. Methods and Results Prospective data was recorded on 967 patients with intractable angina not amenable to conventional revascularization in 21 European and Asian centres performing transmyocardial laser revascularization using the PLC Medical Systems CO2 laser. Patient characteristics, operative details and early complications following transmyocardial laser revascularization were recorded. The in-hospital death rate was 9.7% (95% confidence interval 7.8% to 11.6%). Other early complications were consistent with similar cardiothoracic surgical procedures. There was a decrease of two or more Canadian Cardiovascular Score angina classes in 47.3%, 45.4%, and 34.0% of survivors at 3, 6 and 12 months follow-up, respectively (P=0.001 for each). Treadmill exercise time increased by 42 s at 3 months (P=0.008), 1 min 43 s at 6 months (P<0.001) and 1 min 50 s at 12 months (P<0.001) against pre-operative times of 15 min. Conclusion Uncontrolled registry data suggest that transmyocardial laser revascularization may lead to a decrease in angina and improved exercise tolerance. It does, however, have a risk of peri-operative morbidity and mortality. Definitive results from randomized controlled trials are awaited.
Adding injury to insult: Fracture risk after stroke in veterans; OBJECTIVES: To determine fracture risk in U.S. stroke patients and identify patient characteristics that predict highest fracture risk in two complementary cohorts. DESIGN: Secondary analyses of two prospective cohorts. SETTING: Veterans Affairs (VA) Medical Centers. PARTICIPANTS: The VA Acute Stroke (VASt) cohort includes 1,073 veterans admitted to nine VA hospitals for stroke between April 1995 and March 1997. The Integrated Stroke Outcomes Database (ISOD) includes 6,578 veterans who received inpatient rehabilitation for stroke at 121 VA facilities during fiscal years 2001 and 2002. MEASUREMENTS: Fractures detected using International Classification of Diseases, 9th Revision, codes in the VA computerized patient record system; baseline patient characteristics and stroke features; Functional Independence Measures scores in ISOD. RESULTS: Estimated 2-year fracture rates after stroke in the VASt and ISOD cohorts were 6.1% and 4.7%, respectively. Longer hospitalizations for stroke (P = .06) and new motor or sensory impairment (P = .09) showed trends toward greater risk in the VASt cohort. Female sex (P < .001), cognitive impairment (P = .01), and nonblack race (P = .04) were associated with higher fracture risk in the ISOD. Intermediate functional impairment conferred higher fracture risk than mild or severe functional impairment. CONCLUSION: Veterans who suffer a stroke are at high risk of subsequent fracture, which can lead to further disability. Women, nonblacks, and those with intermediate functional impairment were at particularly high risk of fracture. Future study should investigate therapies to decrease fracture risk in stroke patients.
Assessment of unstable atherosclerosis in mice; There is an urgent need for representative animal models where prospective examination of the events leading up to plaque rupture and the rupture process itself can be performed. Recently, reports have begun to emerge that apolipoprotein E and low density lipoprotein receptor knockout mice may spontaneously develop unstable atherosclerosis, with plaques in certain parts of the arterial tree showing features suggestive of plaque rupture. Here we discuss the problems inherent in applying definitions of plaque rupture as seen in human arteries to mice; the anatomic locations in mice where unstable plaques do and do not occur; methods of inducing plaque instability in mice; and how to assess plaque stability in mice. These considerations lead us to a number of general recommendations.
Impact of early complications on outcomes in patients with implantable cardioverter-defibrillator for primary prevention; BACKGROUND The lifesaving benefit of implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (ICDs) has been demonstrated. Their use has increased considerably in the past decade, but related complications have become a major concern. OBJECTIVE The purpose of this study was to assess the incidence and effect on outcomes of early (530 days) complications after ICD implantation for primary prevention in a large French population. METHODS We analyzed data from 5539 patients from the multi-center French DAI-PP (Defibrillateur Automatique Implantable Prevention Primaire) registry (2002-2012) who had coronary artery disease or dilated cardiomyopathy and were implanted with an ICD for primary prevention. RESULTS Overall, early complications occurred in 707 patients (13.5%), mainly related to lead dislodgment or hematoma (57%). Independent factors associated with occurrence of early complications were severe renal impairment (odds ratio [OR] 1.66, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.17-2.37, P = .02), age >= 75 years (OR 1.01, 95% CI 1.00-1.02, P = .03), cardiac resynchronization therapy (OR 1.58, 95% CI 1.16-2.17, P = .01), and anticoagulant therapy (OR 1.28, 95% CI 1.02-1.61, P = .03). During a mean SD follow-up of 3.1 +/- 2.3 years, 824 (15.8%) patients experienced >1 late complication (>30 days), and 782 (14.9%) patients died. After adjustment, early complications remained associated with occurrence of late complications (OR 2.15, 95% CI 1.73-2.66, P < .0001) and mortality (OR 1.70, 95% CI 1.34-2.17, P = .003). CONCLUSION Early complications are common after ICD implantation for primary prevention, occurring in 1 in 7 patients, and are associated with an increased risk of late complications and overall mortality. Further studies are needed to investigate the underlying mechanisms of such associations.
IS AMBULATORY ELECTROCARDIOGRAPHY USEFUL IN THE EVALUATION OF PATIENTS WITH RECENT STROKE; This study was designed to determine whether ambulatory electrocardiography in patients with recent stroke would lead to a change in clinical management or outcome and to express these findings in terms of cost benefit. A prospective, consecutive sample of patients (n=100) with recent stroke referred from the neurology or medical services for ambulatory electrocardiography was identified. Ambulatory electrocardiograms were reviewed to identify patients with potentially important bradyarrhythmias, tachyarrhythmias, or atrial fibrillation, Patients were then followed up without interference with ongoing care to determine whether these findings led to changes in clinical management that might influence patient outcome. Of the 100 patients, 16 had an index ''important'' arrhythmia. No significant bradyarrhythmias were noted. Nonsustained ventricular tachycardia (greater than or equal to 6 complexes) in two patients and supraventricular tachycardia (greater than or equal to 10 complexes) in seven patients did not lead to management changes. Four patients had a history of atrial fibrillation who were in sinus rhythm; anticoagulation had been addressed in three; the fourth patient died before the issue could be addressed. Of three patients in atrial fibrillation, there was a history of atrial fibrillation and a decision regarding anticoagulation in each before monitoring. The cost of these 100 ambulatory electrocardiograms was about $55,000, In conclusion, these findings do not support the routine use of ambulatory electrocardiography in the evaluation of patients with stroke.
Sex-Related Differences in the Risk of Hospital-Acquired Sepsis and Pneumonia Post Acute Ischemic Stroke; Background and Objective: Infectious complications after ischemic stroke are frequent and lead to neurological deterioration, poor functional outcomes, and higher mortality. Local and systemic inflammatory responses to brain ischemia differ between males and females, but little is known about differences in poststroke susceptibility to infection by sex. The purpose of this study was to compare sex-related differences in the risk of hospital-acquired sepsis and pneumonia after acute ischemic stroke (AIS). Materials and Methods: This is a retrospective, secondary analysis of the 2010-2011 California State Inpatient Database. Previously validated International Classification of Disease, Ninth Revision (ICD-9) codes were used to identify adult hospitalizations for AIS. The primary outcome was hospital-acquired sepsis or pneumonia, also identified using ICD-9 codes. Associations between sex and hospital-acquired sepsis or pneumonia were adjusted for baseline characteristics and comorbidities using multivariable logistic regression. Results: There were 91,643 hospitalizations for AIS included in this analysis, of which 1027 had hospital-acquired sepsis and 1225 had hospital-acquired pneumonia. The in-hospital mortality without infection was 4.6%; the presence of hospital-acquired infections was associated with higher mortality for sepsis (32.7%) and pneumonia (21.9%). Female (versus male) sex was associated with lower adjusted odds of hospital-acquired sepsis (odds ratio [OR].74, 95% confidence interval [CI].65-.84) and pneumonia (OR.69, 95% CI.62-.78). This difference was similar across age strata. Among hospitalizations with either hospital-acquired sepsis or pneumonia, sex did not influence mortality. Conclusions: Female sex was associated with a lower risk of hospital-acquired sepsis and pneumonia after AIS. Further investigation is needed to determine the mechanisms underlying this clinical observation.
First clinical experience with a new implantable cardioverter-defibrillator: A prospective evaluation at three Swiss university clinics; The most important technical improvements of implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (ICD) of the latest generation comprise more sophisticated antitachycardia pacing options, stored intracardiac electrograms and biphasic shock capabilities which virtually always allow ICD implantation without thoracotomy. The present study summarizes the first clinical experience with these new devices. In 37 consecutive symptomatic (near sudden death 17, syncope 16, pre-syncope 4) patients aged 56+/-10 rears with refractory ventricular arrhythmias (presenting arrythmia: ventricular fibrillation 14, ventricular tachycardia 22, not documented 1), an ICD (Jewel PCD(R) 7219, Medtronic) was implanted. Coronary artery disease was present in 21, dilated cardiomyopathy in 5, valvular heart disease in 2 and various conditions in 8 patients; the mean left ventricular ejection fraction was 43+/-18%. In 29 patients (78%), the ICD was inserted in a pectoral and in 8 (22%) in an abdominal position. A nonthoracotomy lead (NTL) configuration was successfully implanted in 36/37 patients (97%) (purely transvenous systems in 30, in combination with subcutaneous patch electrode in 6). Surgical complications comprised one pneumothorax, one hemorrhage and one death due to sepsis; during a mean follow-up of 5+/-3 months, another patient died of heart failure and 2 revisions (5.4%) for lead problems (1 connector, 1 SQ-patch) became necessary. In 23/37 patients (62%), the ICD was activated after 74+/-89 days post implant. 22 of these 23 patients (96%) received one or more appropriate shocks (9+/-22 shocks per patient). The actuarial survival was 95% at 6 months. In the present study, an ICD of the newest generation was successfully implanted without thoracotomy in greater than or equal to 97% and with purely transvenous systems in greater than or equal to 84%. Compared to older systems, this has made the implantation procedure remarkably easier and will most likely lead to a further reduction in mortality and morbidity. Despite the relatively short followup, the high incidence of appropriate ICD utilization underscores the high recurrence rate of arrhythmias in this population and suggests that the ICD may be very effective in preventing unnecessary rehospitalizations.
Impact of routine coronary catheterization in low extremity artery disease undergoing percutaneous transluminal angioplasty: study protocol for a multi-center randomized controlled trial; Background: The prevalence of significant obstructive coronary artery disease with complex lesions is high in patients who have low extremity artery disease (LEAD). However, intermediate-or long-term cardiovascular prognosis of LEAD patients undergoing percutaneous transluminal angioplasty (PTA) remains poor. Accordingly, prophylactic coronary revascularization may modify short-and long-term cardiovascular outcomes of LEAD patients receiving PTA. Because myocardial ischemic symptoms are often masked in LEAD and the accuracy of non-invasive stress tests is usually limited, a high-quality randomized controlled trial aimed at the investigation of the prognostic role of coronary evaluation strategies before PTA is warranted. Methods/Design: The proposed study is designed as a prospective, multi-center, open-label, superiority, randomized controlled trial. The study is conducted in high-volume centers for PTA and coronary revascularization in Taiwan. To meet the inclusion criteria, the patients must be at least 20 years old, have known LEAD, and have been admitted for elective PTA. We plan to enroll 450 participants who are randomly allocated to a routine group (routine coronary angiography without a previous non-invasive stress test before PTA) and a selective group (selective coronary angiography based on the results of non-invasive stress tests before PTA) with 1: 1 ratio. Besides, we expect to enroll about 250 additional participants, who are not willing to be randomly assigned, in the registration group. The choice of revascularization procedure depends on the operator's or cardiovascular team's suggestion and the patient's decision. Clinical follow-up will be performed 30 days after PTA and every 6 months until the end of the 1-year follow-up for the last randomly assigned participant. The primary endpoint is the composite major adverse cardiac event on long-term follow-up. Pre-specified secondary and other endpoints are also evaluated. Those assessing biomarkers and clinical endpoints are all blinded after assignment to interventions. Discussion: The results of the trial will, for the first time, support better decision-making for coronary evaluation before PTA in LEAD. If favorable, routine coronary angiography followed by revascularization will improve cardiovascular outcomes in LEAD patients undergoing PTA.
Ambulatory hemodynamics in patients with chronic heart failure: Implications for volume management in elderly patients; Invasive hemodynamic assessment of patients with chronic heart failure is helpful in managing severe congestive symptoms associated with acute volume exacerbations that lead to hospitalizations. Information useful in guiding medication changes targeting control of left ventricular filling pressures can be obtained from measurements in the tight ventricle. With the advent of implantable devices designed to treat heart failure, the logical next development is an implanted device that incorporates sophisticated monitoring systems capable of continuous acquisition of hemodynamic information over a long-term period. An implantable hemodynamic monitoring system (Chronicle; Medtronic, Inc., Minneapolis, MN) is safe to implant and has a pressure sensor with proven long-term reliability. Using transtelephonic data transmission and Internet-based information systems, ambulatory hemodynamic monitoring may reduce the need for hospitalizations and overall health care utilization in patients with symptomatic heart failure. This approach may be especially helpful for elderly patients with chronic heart failure in whom overdiuresis or, volume contraction may lead to gait instability and falls. Additionally, elderly patients with heart failure from primary diastolic dysfunction may have a very narrow therapeutic window of optimal volume that is difficult to assess by daily weights and physical examination alone. This hypothesis is currently being tested in a prospective randomized clinical trial.
Association Between 7 Days Per Week Rehabilitation and Functional Recovery of Patients With Acute Stroke: A Retrospective Cohort Study Based on the Japan Rehabilitation Database; Objective: To test the hypothesis that functional outcome of patients with stroke who receive 7d/wk of rehabilitation is generally better than that of similar patients who undergo 5 or 6d/wk of rehabilitation. Design: Retrospective cohort study. Setting: Acute hospitals. Participants: From the Japan Rehabilitation Database, which includes data on 8033 patients with acute stroke collected between January 2005 and December 2013, we included 3072 patients with stroke who were admitted to the acute hospitals and received 7d/wk of rehabilitation. Intervention: Seven days per week of rehabilitation was defined as rehabilitation therapy administrated by a physical or occupational therapist on every weekday, Saturday, and Sunday. Main Outcome Measure: Favorable functional independence in daily living, defined as a modified Rankin Scale score of 0 to 2 at the time of discharge. Results: A total of 1075 (35.0%) patients received 7d/wk of rehabilitation. Univariate analysis demonstrated a significant difference in favorable functional recovery between the 7d/wk rehabilitation group and non-7d/wk rehabilitation group (43.3% vs 37.6%, respectively; P = .002). Multivariate logistic regression analysis using the generalized estimating equations method showed that 7d/wk of rehabilitation was independently associated with favorable functional recovery. Conclusions: Our cohort analysis demonstrated that 7d/wk of rehabilitation in early rehabilitation for patients with acute stroke can lead to functional recovery. (C) 2016 by the American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine
Utility of a primary care based transient ischaemic attack electronic decision support tool: a prospective sequential comparison; Background: Stroke is a major cause of death and disability worldwide. Reducing the incidence of stroke has the potential to not only improve health outcomes, but also lead to significant cost savings for health services. Transient ischaemic attacks (TIA) can herald an imminent stroke and following a TIA early initiation of best medical therapy significantly reduces the risk of subsequent stroke. To achieve time targets rapid access stroke specialist services have been promoted; however, a number of resource related barriers can impede specialist access and cause unnecessary time delays. Cross sector collaboration led to the development of a primary care based TIA/Stroke electronic decision support (EDS) tool. This study aimed to assess the impact of this tool on improving access and reducing management delays. Methods: This is a prospective before (2009) versus after (2011) study of the effect on process of care following the implementation of EDS assisted TIA management in primary care. All patients presenting with TIA to secondary services were included. Outcomes assessed were TIA Guideline adherence and patient safety. Results: Over the study period 266 patients presented for TIA assessment (130 in 2009 and 136 in 2011). Following EDS implementation the median delay to specialist assessment fell from 10 days in 2009 to three days in 2011 (HR 1.45; 95% CI 1.13-1.86; p = 0.001), the number of patients achieving optimal medical therapy within 24 hours rose from 43% to 57% (RR 1.33; 95% CI 1.02-1.71; p = 0.04), carotid and CT imaging were achieved significantly faster (HR 1.52 (1.02-2.26) p = 0.003 and HR 1.34 (1.16-1.78 p = 0.002) respectively), and there were no adverse events associated with EDS use. Conclusion: The availability of TIA/Stroke electronic decision support in the primary care setting was associated with reductions in management delays without compromising patient safety.
The role of dietary acid load and mild metabolic acidosis in insulin resistance in humans; Type 2 diabetes is increasingly being recognised as a global health crisis (World Health Organisation). Insulin resistance is closely associated with obesity and precedes the development of type 2 diabetes. However, there is now increasing evidence to suggest that diet itself may independently be associated with type 2 diabetes risk. A diet with a high acid load (or high potential renal net acid load, PRAL) can result in a decrease in pH towards the lower end of the normal physiological range, which may in turn lead to the development of insulin resistance. Conversely, reducing dietary acid load (the so called 'alkaline diet') may be protective and prevent the onset of type 2 diabetes. Here, we explore the influence of dietary acid load on the development of mild metabolic acidosis and induction of insulin resistance. Whilst large prospective cohort studies link high dietary acid load or low serum bicarbonate with the development of type 2 diabetes, the effect of a diet with a low acid (or high alkaline) load remains unclear. Further interventional studies are required to investigate the influence of dietary composition on the body's acid/base balance, insulin resistance and incidence of type 2 diabetes. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. and Societe Francaise de Biochimie et Biologie Moleculaire (SFBBM). All rights reserved.
Effects of balanced propofol sedation on QT, corrected QT, and P-wave dispersion on upper endoscopy; Objective: Combined sedation with propofol and benzodiazepines, known as balanced propofol sedation (BPS), was developed to increase patient comfort during endoscopy. However, the effects of BPS on P-wave dispersion (Pwd), QT interval, and corrected QT (QTc) interval after endoscopy have not been investigated. Methods: The study population consisted of 40 patients with BPS and 42 without sedation who were scheduled to undergo upper endoscopy in this cross-sectional prospective study. Patients with hypertension, diabetes mellitus, renal failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, coronary artery disease, or valvular heart disease and those on medications that interfere with cardiac conduction times were excluded. Electrocardiograms (ECGs) was recorded in all patients pre-endoscopy and 10 min post-endoscopy. QT, QT dispersion (QTd), and Pwd were defined from 12-lead ECG. The QTc interval was calculated using Bazett's formula. All analyses were performed using SPSS 15.0. Results: Post-endoscopy P max duration and Pwd were prolonged compared with baseline values (86 +/- 13 ms vs. 92 +/- 10 ms and 29 +/- 12 ms vs. 33 +/- 12 ms, respectively; p<0.05). Post-endoscopy QTc and QTd were decreased compared with baseline values, but these decreases were not statistically significant (431 +/- 25 ms vs. 416 +/- 30 ms and 62 +/- 28 ms vs. 43 +/- 22 ms, respectively; p>0.05). Conclusion: The present study showed that P-wave duration and Pwd values increased after endoscopy with a combination of midazolam and propofol sedation. Physicians should be made aware of the potential effects of BPS in terms on P-wave duration and Pwd values.
Time-domain T-wave alternans measured from Holter electrocardiograms predicts cardiac mortality in patients with left ventricular dysfunction: A prospective study; BACKGROUND Time-domain T-wave alternans (TWA) is useful for identifying patients at risk for serious events after myocardial infarction. OBJECTIVE The purpose of this study was to prospectively evaluate the utility of time-domain TWA measured from Hotter ECGs in predicting cardiac mortality in patients with left ventricular (LV) dysfunction. METHODS Two hundred ninety-five consecutive patients with LV dysfunction were enrolled in the study. Patients were divided into two groups: the ischemic group (n = 195) and the nonischemic group (n = 100). Time-domain TWA was assessed using the modified moving average method from routine 24-hour Hotter ECGs recorded during daily activity. The maximal time-domain TWA voltage at heart rate <= 120 bpm in either lead V-5 or V-1 was derived and its value defined as positive when the voltage was >= 65 mu V. The primary end-point was defined as cardiac mortality. RESULTS Mean maximal time-domain TWA voltage was 54 +/- 16 mu V. During follow-up of 390 +/- 212 days, 27 patients (17 in the ischemic group and 10 in the nonischemic group) died of cardiac causes. Fifty-three patients (18%) were time-domain TWA positive and 242 (82%) were time-domain TWA negative. Univariate Cox proportional hazards analyses revealed that older age, New York Heart Association functional class III or IV, diabetes, renal dysfunction, nonsustained ventricular tachycardia, and time-domain TWA were associated with cardiac mortality. In multivariate analysis, time-domain TWA had the most significant value (hazard ratio = 17.1, P <.0001). This index also was significant in both subgroups (ischemic group: hazard ratio 19.0, P <.0001; nonischemic group: hazard ratio = 12.3, P = .002). CONCLUSION Time-domain TWA measured from 24-hour Hotter ECGs predicts cardiac mortality in patients with ischemic and nonischemic LV dysfunction.
IGF-1 and atherothrombosis: relevance to pathophysiology and therapy; IGF-1 (insulin-like growth factor-1) plays a unique role in the cell protection of multiple systems, where its fine-tuned signal transduction helps to preserve tissues from hypoxia, ischaemia and oxidative stress, thus mediating functional homoeostatic adjustments. In contrast, its deprivation results in apoptosis and dysfunction. Many prospective epidemiological surveys have associated low IGF-1 levels with late mortality, MI (myocardial infarction), HF (heart failure) and diabetes. Interventional studies suggest that IGF-1 has anti-atherogenic actions, owing to its multifaceted impact on cardiovascular risk factors and diseases. The metabolic ability of IGF-1 in coupling vasodilation with improved function plays a key role in these actions. The endothelial-protective, anti-platelet and anti-thrombotic activities of IGF-1 exert critical effects in preventing both vascular damage and mechanisms that lead to unstable coronary plaques and syndromes. The pro-survival and anti-inflammatory short-term properties of IGF-1 appear to reduce infarct size and improve LV (left ventricular) remodelling after MI. An immune-modulatory ability, which is able to suppress 'friendly fire' and autoreactivity, is a proposed important additional mechanism explaining the anti-thrombotic and anti-remodelling activities of IGF-1. The concern of cancer risk raised by long-term therapy with IGF-1, however, deserves further study. In the present review, we discuss the large body of published evidence and review data on rhIGF-1 (recombinant human IGF-1) administration in cardiovascular disease and diabetes, with a focus on dosage and safety issues. Perhaps the time has come for the regenerative properties of IGF-1 to be assessed as a new pharmacological tool in cardiovascular medicine.
AUTOANTIBODY AGAINST OXIDIZED LDL AND PROGRESSION OF CAROTID ATHEROSCLEROSIS; Oxidative modification of LDL renders it immunogenic and autoantibodies to epitopes of oxidised LDL, such as malondialdehyde (MDA) -lysine, are found in serum and recognise material in atheromatous tissue. However, there has been no prospective study to assess the importance of oxidised LDL among patients with vascular disease. We compared the titre of autoantibodies to MDA-modified LDL and native LDL in baseline serum samples of 30 eastern Finnish men with accelerated two-year progression of carotid atherosclerosis and 30 age-matched controls without progression. Neither group had specific antibody binding to native LDL. A titre was defined as a ratio of antibody binding to MDA-LDL/binding to native LDL. Cases had a significantly higher titre to MDA-LDL (2.67 vs 2.06, p = 0.003). Cases also had a greater proportion of smokers (37% vs 3%), higher LDL cholesterol (4.2 mmol/l vs 3.6 mmol/l), and higher serum copper concentration (1.14 mg/l vs 1.04 mg/l). Even after adjusting for these variables and the severity of baseline atherosclerosis, the difference in antibody titre remained significant in a multifactorial logistic model (p = 0.031). Thus, the titre of autoantibodies to MDA-LDL was an independent predictor of the progression of carotid atherosclerosis in these Finnish men. Our data provide further support for a role of oxidatively modified LDL in atherogenesis.
Early measurements of plasma matrix metalloproteinase-2 predict infarct size and ventricular dysfunction in ST-elevation myocardial infarction; Background Immediate reopening of the acutely occluded infarct-related artery via primary PCI is the preferred treatment in ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). However, the sudden reinitiation of blood flow can lead to a local acute inflammatory response with further endothelial and myocardial damage, so-called reperfusion injury. The activation of matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) is suggested to be a key event in this process. Objectives To investigate circulating MMPs, tissue inhibitors of metalloproteinases (TIMPs) and myeloperoxidase (MPO) in relation to infarct size, left ventricular dysfunction and remodelling in a STEMI population undergoing PCI. Methods 58 Patients with STEMI undergoing primary PCI were included. Blood samples were collected at baseline before PCI and at 12, 24 and 48 h for later analysis of MMPs, TIMPs and MPO by ELISA. Infarct size, left ventricular (LV) dysfunction and remodelling were assessed by cardiac MRI at 5 days and 4 month after STEMI. Results Plasma MMP-2 at 0 and 12 h showed a consistent and significant correlation with infarct size and LV dysfunction measured both at 5 days and at 4 months and correlated well with troponin I measurements. For TIMP-1 and TIMP-2 some support was found for associations with infarct size and LV dysfunction, but these were not as consistent as for MMP-2. MMP-8, MMP-9 and MPO did not overall correlate with measures of infarct size, LV dysfunction or remodelling. Conclusions In patients with STEMI, circulating levels of MMP-2, measured early and even before reperfusion therapy, are strongly associated with infarct size and LV dysfunction. This provides further evidence for the role of MMP-2 in ischaemia-reperfusion injury.
Crushed Prasugrel Tablets in Patients With STEMI Undergoing Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; BACKGROUND Platelet inhibitory effects induced by oral P2Y(12) receptor antagonists are delayed in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PPCI), which may be attributed to impaired absorption affecting drug pharmacokinetics (PK) and pharmacodynamics (PD). Crushing tablets has been suggested to lead to more favorable PK/PD profiles. To date, no studies have investigated the PK/PD effects of crushing prasugrel. OBJECTIVES This study sought to determine whether crushing prasugrel is associated with more favorable drug bioavailability and platelet inhibitory effects compared with whole tablets in STEMI patients undergoing PPCI. METHODS Our prospective, randomized, open-label study assessed STEMI patients undergoing PPCI (n = 52) who were treated with a prasugrel 60-mg loading dose (LD) either as whole or crushed tablets. PK/PD analyses were performed at 7 time points. PD effects were measured as P2Y12 reaction units and platelet reactivity index, and PK by plasma levels of prasugrel's active metabolite. RESULTS Compared with whole tablets, crushed prasugrel led to reduced P2Y(12) reaction units by 30 min post-LD, which persisted at 1, 2 (164 vs. 95; least square mean difference = 68; 95% confidence interval: 10 to 126; primary endpoint), and 4 h post-LD. Significant differences were no longer present at 6 h post-LD. Parallel findings were shown with platelet reactivity index. Accordingly, high on-treatment platelet reactivity rates were reduced with crushed prasugrel. PK analyses showed a >3-fold faster absorption with crushed compared with whole prasugrel. CONCLUSIONS In STEMI patients undergoing PPCI, crushed prasugrel leads to faster drug absorption, and consequently, more prompt and potent antiplatelet effects compared with whole tablet ingestion. (Pharmacological Effects of Crushing Prasugrel in STEMI Patients; NCT02212028) (C) 2016 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Elevation of biochemical markers for myocardial damage prior to hospital admission in patients with acute chest pain or other symptoms raising suspicion of acute coronary syndrome; Objectives. To evaluate the occurrence of elevation of serum biochemical markers for myocardial damage in the prehospital setting amongst patients who called for an ambulance due to a suspected acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Design. Prospective observational study. Subjects. All the patients who called for an ambulance due to suspected ACS. Setting. South Hospital's catchment area in Stockholm and in the Municipality of Goteborg, Sweden between January and November in the year 2000, were included. Interventions. On arrival of the ambulance crew, a blood sample was drawn for bedside analysis of serum myoglobin, creatine kinase MB and troponin I. A 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) was simultaneously recorded. Main outcome measures. Elevation of biochemical markers prior to hospital admission. Results. In all, 511 patients participated on 538 occasions. Elevation of any biochemical marker was observed in 11% of all patients. The corresponding figure for patients developing myocardial infarction was 21%; for patients with myocardial ischaemia 8%; for patients with a possible myocardial ischaemia 4% and for patients with other diagnoses 5%. Amongst those who had a final diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction (AMI), 47% had ST-elevation on initial ECG and 57% had either ST-elevation or elevation of any biochemical marker. Conclusion. Bedside analysis of biochemical markers in serum is already feasible prior to hospital admission amongst patients with a suspected ACS. About 20% of patients with AMI have elevated biochemical markers at that stage. When found this data might increase the possibility of diagnosing an AMI very early in the course. However, false positives were found and whether this strategy will improve the triage of these patients in the prehospital setting remains to be proven.
Comparison of interventional cardiology in two European countries: A nationwide internet based registry study; Background: The practice of interventional cardiology differs between countries and regions. In this study we report the results of the first nation-wide long-term comparison of interventional cardiology in two countries using a common web-based registry. Methods: The Swedish Coronary Angiography and Angioplasty Registry (SCAAR) was used to prospectively and continuously collect background-, quality-, and outcome parameters for all coronary angiographies (CA) and percutaneous coronary interventions (PCI) performed in Iceland and Sweden during one year. Results: The rate of CA per million inhabitants was higher in Iceland than in Sweden. A higher proportion of patients had CA for stable angina in Iceland than in Sweden, while the opposite was true for ST elevation myocardial infarction. Left main stem stenosis was more commonly found in Iceland than in Sweden. The PCI rate was similar in the two countries as was the general success rate of PCI, achievement of complete revascularisation and the overall stent use. Drug eluting stents were more commonly used in Iceland (23% vs. 19%). The use of fractional flow reserve (0.2% vs. 10%) and the radial approach (0.6% vs. 33%) was more frequent in Sweden than in Iceland. Serious complications and death were very rare in both countries. Conclusion: By prospectively comparing interventional cardiology in two countries, using a common web based registry online, we have discovered important differences in technique and indications. A discovery such as this can lead to a change in clinical practice and inspire prospective multinational randomised registry trials in unselected, real world populations. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
A cholesteryl ester transfer protein gene mutation and vascular disease in dialysis patients; Among patients undergoing maintenance hemodialysis, a decreased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) concentration is among the most common abnormalities of lipid metabolism and apparently is an independent risk factor for vascular disease. A common missense mutation of cholesteryl ester transfer protein gene, D442G (Asp 442 to Gly), increases HDL-C levels through the reduced activity of cholesteryl ester transfer from HDL to VLDL, but the mutation also may lead to reduced activity of reverse cholesterol transport. To investigate the effect of the D442G polymorphism on atherosclerotic complications in dialysis patients, the genotype and allele frequency of the polymorphism were determined in 414 unselected dialysis patients and 220 control subjects, and postprandial serum lipid levels were measured in the dialysis patients. A similar genotype distribution was found between hemodialysis patients and healthy control subjects, and in dialysis patients with and without vascular disease. Serum levels of total cholesterol and HDL-C did not differ between patients with and without the mutation and in patients with and without vascular disease. However, patients with sub-median HDL-C levels (<45 mg/dl) had an independent odds ratio of 1.8 for vascular disease (95% confidence interval, 1.04 to 3.2; P < 0.05). In this low-HDL-C subgroup, patients with the D442G mutation had a significantly higher prevalence of vascular disease than those with no mutation (54.5% versus 24.4%; P < 0.05), and an independent odds ratio of 4.9 (95% confidence interval, 1.05 to 22.65; P < 0.05). In conclusion, the D442G mutation is an independent risk factor for atherosclerotic complications in dialysis patients with HDL-C levels below 45 mg/dl.
Intermittent cardiac troponin-I screening is an effective means of surveillance for a perioperative myocardial infarction; Objective: Several studies suggest that cardiac troponin-I (cTn-I) is a more sensitive indicator of cardiac injury compared with other biochemical markers of injury, but the strategy with the highest diagnostic yield (true positive and true negative) for perioperative surveillance is unknown. The authors undertook a prospective evaluation of the perioperative incidence of myocardial infarction (MI) and evaluated surveillance strategies for the diagnosis of MI. Design: Prospective, cohort study. Setting: Two university hospitals. Participants: Four hundred sixty-seven high-risk patients requiring noncardiac surgery. Interventions: None. Measurements and Main Results: The diagnosis of myocardial injury was determined by cardiac protein markers combined with either postoperative changes on 12-lead electrocardiography or 1 of 3 clinical symptoms consistent with MI (chest pain, dyspnea, requirement for hemodynamic support). A receiver operating characteristic curve evaluating troponin in the diagnosis of MI revealed a value of 2.6 ng/mL as having the highest sensitivity and specificity. The sensitivity and specificity of cTn-I value >= 2.6 ng/mL, troponin >= 1.5 ng/mL, total creatine kinase (CK) >= 170 IU/L with MB >= 5%, and CK-MB >= 8 ng/mL were compared. Surveillance strategies were determined on a subset of patients (n = 257). The incidence of MI was 9.0% by cTn-I >= 2.6 ng/mL criteria, 19% by cTn-I >= 1.5 ng/mL, 13% by CK-MB mass, and 2.8% by CK-M13%. The specificity of cTn-I >= 2.6 ng/mL as an indicator of MI was 98%, and its positive predictive value (PPV) was 85%. Cardiac troponin-I >= 2.6 ng/mL had equal specificity but greater PPV than the cTn-I : 1.5 ng/mL (specificity 98% and PPV 79%). If surveillance of cTn-I >= 2.6 ng/mL was used to detect MI, then the strategy with the highest diagnostic yield was surveillance on postoperative days 1, 2, and 3. Conclusions: Perioperative cardiac injury continues to occur frequently after noncardiac surgery, as detected by cTn-I. Serial monitoring of cardiac troponin-I on postoperative days 1, 2, and 3 provides the strategy with the highest diagnostic yield for surveillance of MI. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
EARLY REPOLARIZATION - NORMALIZATION OF THE ELECTROCARDIOGRAM WITH EXERCISE AS A CLINICALLY USEFUL DIAGNOSTIC FEATURE; Background: Early repolarization is a normal ECG variant which may resemble various pathologic conditions including acute myocardial infarction/injury and pericarditis. Some electrocardiographers believe early repolarization resolves with exercise-induced increases in heart rate. The purpose of this study was to evaluate qualitatively and quantitatively this phenomenon. Methods. From among 3,000 consecutive patients referred for evaluation of ischemic heart disease by exercise treadmill testing, 25 patients with early repolarization and no risk factors for cardiovascular disease (Group I), 28 patients with early repolarization and risk factors for cardiovascular disease (Group IIA), and 28 matched control patients (Group IIB) were identified and evaluated retrospectively. Group II patients also underwent radionuclide stress imaging. All study patients had otherwise normal ECGs and a negative history of cardiovascular disease. Results: In patients with early repolarization, diagnostic ST elevation was most frequently evident in ECG lead V-4. We found that the ECG normalized progressively, beginning almost immediately with the onset of exercise, and typically returned completely to the isoelectric baseline at an average heart rate of approximately 106 beats per minute. In patients with otherwise normal ECGs and no history of cardiovascular disease, early repolarization was a strong predictor of a negative exercise treadmill test and only infrequently was associated with a positive radionuclide imaging study. Early repolarization was found in virtually all demographic groups with respect to age, race, and gender except for a disproportionate infrequency in white females. Conclusions: A progressive decrease in ST segment elevation and normalization of the ECG with mild exercise was a predictable response in patients who have early repolarization with otherwise normal ECGs and no history of cardiovascular disease. This phenomenon may be clinically useful as a bedside diagnostic tool in evaluating patients who present with early repolarization, otherwise normal ECGs, and negative cardiac history, in which the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction/injury or pericarditis is being considered. These findings warrant formal evaluation in a prospective clinical trial.
Cardiac injury markers and a failed algorithm: Can accurate assessment of acute myocardial infarction be cost effective?; Most studies assessing the use of cardiac injury markers, such as cardiac troponin I (cTnI), total creatine kinase (CK Total), and the cardiac isoenzyme of CK (CK-MB), agree that cTnI is the most specific test for diagnosing acute myocardial infarction (AMI). However, throughout the literature, there are ambiguities and contradictions on assay-ordering criteria. Inconsistent ways of viewing biochemical assessment of acute chest pain leads to cardiac injury marker assay-ordering patterns that can be nonspecific, ambiguous, and costly. Objective: This study set out to design a cost-effective strategy and to outline criteria for ordering cardiac injury marker assays. This is accomplished by comparing Madigan Army Medical Center (MAMC) testing patterns to guidelines described in recently published prospective hospital studies investigating the markers. Design: This was a retrospective study analyzing the patterns of 34,412 cardiac marker assays performed on 4,861 patients during 1999 and 2000 at MAMC. A total of 5,850 assays were run from 1,223 patients during the first 6 months of 2001. Results: The MAMC chemistry section spent more than $100,000 during 1999 for the measurement of cardiac injury markers. During 2000, an algorithm was implemented to place controls on ordering; however, the same dollar amount was spent. CK Total, CK-MB, and cTnI testing represent 3.5% of the tests performed in the chemistry section, but they consumed about 20% of the supply budget. This disproportionate expenditure is attributable to numerous, dissimilar, and voluminous ordering patterns. Conclusions: Proper use of cardiac marker assays can lead to rapid and accurate diagnosis of AMI and subsequently save lives. This study demonstrates that cTnI is the only marker needed for accurate and more cost-effective assessment of AMI.
What have the ACE inhibitor trials in postmyocardial patients with left ventricular dysfunction taught us?; A series of elegant experimental studies and careful clinical observation over a decade or more have led to the concept of 'infarct expansion' and 'remodelling' of the heart, culminating in a number of major mortality studies indicating the effectiveness of angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors in patients after myocardial infarction (MI). But has this concept been too narrow in predicting which patients might benefit from treatment with ACE inhibitors? Measurable infarct-expansion with progressive dilatation probably occurs in less than 20% of patients, whereas increase in volume and hypertrophy of the heart as responses to compromised function are likely wherever significant myocardial damage has occurred. Irrespective of infarct expansion, cumulative extensive damage can lead to an inevitable downward spiral with gross ventricular dilatation and death in heart failure. But in the majority of patients after MI a 'new equilibrium' is established in which initial dilatation and subsequently hypertrophy restore adequate function. Is it possible to distinguish patients in whom the cost and inconvenience of long-term therapy with an ACE inhibitor justify the likely benefit from treatment after an MI? The SAVE, AIRE and recent TRACE studies allow a rational approach for the clinician, indicating the effectiveness of these drugs in patients with evidence of impaired ventricular function. However, the prospect that ACE inhibitors prescribed long term might also prevent myocardial reinfarction could justify wider use. Post-MI patients are an easily identifiable high-risk group for a cost-effective programme of secondary prevention. Reinfarction in an already damaged ventricle carries a particularly poor prognosis and its prevention by ACE inhibitors could make a major contribution to the undoubted benefit from these agents. The recently completed TRACE study with its long-term follow-up may help resolve this issue, which is also being investigated in a number of long-term prospective studies in populations at high risk of cardiovascular disease.
Frequency of nocturnal hypoxia in clinically stable patients during stroke rehabilitation; Objective: Sleep disordered breathing is common in patients with cerebrovascular disease. Nocturnal hypoxia may lead to daytime tiredness and cognitive impairment, thus affecting progress. This study assessed the prevalence of nocturnal hypoxia during rehabilitation from stroke. Design: Prospective observational trial. Setting: The stroke rehabilitation wards of the North Staffordshire Hospital, UK and of Kreiskrankenhaus Grevenbroich, Germany. Subjects: Adult patients on a stroke rehabilitation ward, 10 days to 3 months (mean 32 days, SD18) after stroke onset (n = 160). Age and local environment-matched controls (n = 156) without a history of stroke were recruited from the community at both centres. Main measures: Pulse oximetry was performed overnight on the day of enrolment from 21:00 to 09:00. The baseline awake oxygen saturation, the mean nocturnal oxygen saturation, the lowest nocturnal oxygen saturation and the 4% Oxygen Desaturation Index were calculated for each participant. Results: The mean baseline awake oxygen saturation of stroke patients was at 95.3% (SD 1.7), 0.5% lower than that of controls (P = 0.005, independent t-test). The group means of the mean nocturnal oxygen saturation for stroke patients were 0.5% lower (at 93.8% SD 2.2) than controls (P = 0.03, independent t-test). The mean lowest nocturnal oxygen saturation was at 79.4% (SD 9.9), 5.9% lower than that of the controls (P < 0.001, independent t-test). Considerably more stroke patients (n = 67, 42%) than controls (n = 24, 15%) had a parts per thousand yen10 desaturations below the baseline per hour (P < 0.001 chi-square test). Conclusion: Clinically stable stroke patients enrolled in rehabilitation programmes have lower oxygen saturation and more nocturnal desaturations than non-stroke controls.
Can early onset bone loss be effectively managed in post-stroke patients? An integrative review of the evidence; Background: bone loss post-stroke can lead to an increased risk of fracture. Fractures compound the effects of a stroke, resulting in greater dependency for the individual and an increased burden for health and social care. Objectives: to identify risk factors for bone loss post-stroke and appraise bone loss or fracture risk reduction interventions. To develop a research agenda that informs the design and development of risk reduction strategies. Design: an integrative review. Methods: the search strategies used in Medline, Embase, AMED and CINAHL from 1966 to July 2006 identified 530 records. Ninety-nine papers with a focus on risk factors or interventions to prevent bone loss or fractures post-stroke were identified. Hand searching and scoping grey literature produced 59 additional papers. Data analysis, including data reduction and data display using matrices, enabled patterns and themes to be derived from differing study designs. Results: risk factors for bone loss post-stroke are reduced mobility, vitamin D deficiency, gender and time since stroke. Early mobilisation post-stroke may reduce bone loss, and so avoid fractures, but evidence is needed. Providing vitamin D supplements and Bisphosphonates in post-stroke patients tends to reduce bone loss, but larger treatment trials are required. Conclusions: the evidence base for bone loss management post-stroke is limited. Large, prospective, multi-centre, longitudinal studies are needed to clarify optimum treatments to reduce post-stroke bone loss, and test the effects on clinical outcomes. A skeletal health checklist to aid implementation of treatments within stroke rehabilitation has been suggested but not yet developed.
Speech-Language Pathology in the Long-Term Care Setting: It Isn't Your Grandmother's Nursing Home Anymore; This article considers the career of speech-language pathologists practicing in long-term care/skilled nursing facility settings. The range of conditions that lead to communication, cognition, and/or swallowing disorders that are evaluated and treated by the speech-language pathologist in the long-term care setting are examined. Various methodologies for reimbursement are discussed, including the Medicare Physicians' Fee Schedule associated with Medicare Part B and the Prospective Payment System associated with Medicare Part A. Suggestions for effective clinical service delivery are reviewed, along with best practices for interdisciplinary team communication.
A quantitative analysis of prenatal methyl mercury exposure and cognitive development; Although a rich source of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) that may confer multiple health benefits, some fish also contain methyl mercury (MeHg), which may harm the developing fetus. U.S. government recommendations for women of childbearing age are to modify consumption of high MeHg fish to reduce MeHg exposure, while recommendations encourage fish consumption among the general population because of the nutritional benefits. The Harvard Center for Risk Analysis convened an expert panel (see acknowledgments) to quantify the net impact of resulting hypothetical changes in fish consumption across the population. This paper quantifies the impact of prenatal MeHg exposure on cognitive development. Other papers quantify the beneficial impact of prenatal intake of n-3 PUFAs on cognitive function and the extent to which fish consumption protects against coronary heart disease mortality and stroke in adults. This analysis aggregates results from three major prospective epidemiology studies to quantify the association between prenatal MeHg exposure and cognitive development as measured by intelligence quotient (IQ). It finds that prenatal MeHg exposure sufficient to increase the concentration of mercury in maternal hair at parturition by 1 mu g/g decreases IQ by 0.7 points. This paper identifies important sources of uncertainty influencing this estimate, concluding that the plausible range of values for this loss is 0 to 1.5 IQ points.
Cost-effectiveness of integrated stroke services; Background: Randomized trials have shown that integrating services for acute stroke care may lead to organizational improvements, higher efficiency and better patient outcomes in the acute phase. Aim: To compare the costs and effects of stroke services in an experimental group of patients compared to a group of patients receiving conventional care. Design: Prospective non-randomized controlled trial. Methods: We compared all consecutively hospitalized stroke patients in three experimental stroke service settings (Delft, Haarlem and Nijmegen, n = 411) with concurrent patients receiving conventional stroke care (n = 187) over 6 months follow-up. Main end-points were total costs per patient and total health-adjusted days per 100 patients as measured by the EuroQol-5D score during follow-up. Results: Mean total costs per patient were e16 000 (95%CI e14 670-e16 930): e13 160 in Delft, e16 790 in Haarlem, e20 230 in Nijmegen, and e13 810 in the control regions. Early discharge in Delft saved about e2500 hospital costs per patient. General patient health in Delft was significantly better than in the control regions; Haarlem and Nijmegen showed no difference in health. Discussion: Our study confirms the potential to improve stroke outcomes in a cost-effective way in Dutch settings. This was seen in the group of patients in Delft, a complete and relatively simple stroke service, but not in two other regions with more complex stroke services. Important factors are reduction of hospital days and, most likely, adequate multidisciplinary rehabilitation.
Outcomes of percutaneous coronary interventions performed at centers without and with onsite coronary artery bypass graft surgery; Context An ongoing debate focuses on whether institutions should perform percutaneous coronary interventions (PCIs) without an onsite coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery program. Objective To compare patient outcomes following PCI at US institutions performing this procedure without and with onsite cardiac surgery. Design, Setting, and Patients Medicare hospital (part A) data were used to identify PCIs performed on fee-for-service Medicare enrollees (n=625854) aged at least 65 years at acute care facilities between January 1, 1999, and December 1, 2001. Hospitals without and with onsite cardiac surgery were identified based on the presence of claims for CABG surgery. Patients were characterized as undergoing primary/rescue PCI, defined as an emergency procedure performed on the same day of admission for an acute myocardial infarction (MI), vs all other PCIs. Main Outcome Measures Post-PCI CABG surgery and combined in-hospital and 30-day mortality. Results A total of 178 hospitals performed PCIs without onsite cardiac surgery and 943 hospitals performed PCIs with onsite cardiac surgery. Patients undergoing PCIs in hospitals without onsite cardiac surgery were similar to those with onsite cardiac surgery with respect to age, sex, race, and measurable comorbidities; however, patients undergoing PCIs in hospitals without onsite cardiac surgery were more likely to have a primary/rescue PCI (22.0% vs 5.6%, P<.001). Patients undergoing PCIs in hospitals without cardiac surgery were more likely to die (6.0% vs 3.3%; adjusted odds ratio [OR], 1.29; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.14-1.47; P<.001). After accounting for baseline differences, mortality for patients with primary/rescue PCI was similar in institutions without and with cardiac surgery (adjusted OR, 0.93; 95% Cl, 0.80-1.08; P=34). However, for the larger non-primary/rescue PCI population, mortality was higher in hospitals without onsite cardiac surgery (adjusted OR, 1.38; 95% Cl, 1.14-1.67; P=.001). This increase in mortality was primarily confined to hospitals performing 50 or less Medicare PCIs per year. Conclusions Percutaneous coronary interventions in hospitals without onsite cardiac surgery are often performed for reasons other than immediate treatment of an MI and are associated with a higher risk of adverse outcomes. Policies aimed at increasing access to primary/rescue PCI through promoting PCI in hospitals without cardiac surgery may inadvertently lead to an overall increase in mortality related to PCI.
Greater Three-Dimensional Ventricular Lead Tip Separation is Associated with Improved Outcome after Cardiac Resynchronization Therapy; Methods: A retrospective study of 86 consecutive patients age 71 +/- 10 years, male (74%), coronary disease (71%), atrial fibrillation (23%), LV ejection fraction (22 +/- 9%), QRS duration (160 +/- 27 ms), New York Heart Association (NYHA) class III (81%), NYHA class IV (19%) undergoing CRT from January 2006 to September 2008. The median follow-up was 12 months and clinical response to CRT was defined as reduction of NYHA class by one or more. The three-dimensional separation between RV and LV pacing lead tips was calculated using measurements obtained from orthogonal posteroanterior and lateral chest radiographs performed the day after implantation. Results: Fifty-nine patients (69%) responded to CRT. There was a statistically significant association between increased three-dimensional lead separation and clinical response to CRT (P = 0.005). Stronger association was obtained when lead separation was corrected for cardiac size (P = 0.001). A significantly higher response rate of 88% was achieved in patients with QRS duration of 160 ms or more, and lead separation of 100 mm or more compared with 60% when lead separation was less than 100 mm and QRS duration remained the same (P = 0.027). Conclusions: Greater three-dimensional separation of LV-to-RV leads is associated with improved response to CRT. A prospective multicenter trial is needed to assess lead separation as a predictor for response. (PACE 2010; 33:1490-1496).
Polypharmacy and excessive polypharmacy in octogenarians and older acutely hospitalized patients; The aim of this study was to assess the occurrence of polypharmacy and excessive polypharmacy in very old hospitalized patients based on their comorbidities. The documentation of patients aged 80 years or older admitted to our department in the year 2010 was analyzed. Based on the Charlson index of comorbidity, a multiple logistic regression model with stepwise backward elimination was performed. Patients were stratified by gender and four age-groups, and factors of a change in the number of medications during the hospital stay were assessed. Chronic pulmonary disease [odds ratio (OR): 2.40], diabetes mellitus with (OR: 4.65) or without (OR: 1.65) microvascular complications, congestive heart failure (OR: 2.37), connective tissue disease (OR: 3.02), and peripheral vascular disease (OR: 2.30) were statistically significantly associated with polypharmacy, while some of these diseases were also associated with excessive polypharmacy. The number of medications showed a gradual decrease with age, which was concordant with a decrease in total Charlson index score. "Admission for myocardial infarction" was associated with an increase in pharmaceuticals during hospital stay, whereas a known diagnosis of dementia or metastatic malignant disease was protective against a further increase in medications. Several medical conditions seem to predispose to polypharmacy in very old patients. To attain old age seems to be associated with few comorbidities, which reduces the need for a high number of pharmaceuticals. Physicians should pay attention to the identified predictors in very old patients, as polypharmacy may lead to adverse events and unnecessary hospitalization.
A Prospective Natural-History Study of Coronary Atherosclerosis.; Background: Atherosclerotic plaques that lead to acute coronary syndromes often occur at sites of angiographically mild coronary-artery stenosis. Lesion-related risk factors for such events are poorly understood. Methods: In a prospective study, 697 patients with acute coronary syndromes underwent three-vessel coronary angiography and gray-scale and radiofrequency intravascular ultrasonographic imaging after percutaneous coronary intervention. Subsequent major adverse cardiovascular events (death from cardiac causes, cardiac arrest, myocardial infarction, or rehospitalization due to unstable or progressive angina) were adjudicated to be related to either originally treated (culprit) lesions or untreated (nonculprit) lesions. The median follow-up period was 3.4 years. Results: The 3-year cumulative rate of major adverse cardiovascular events was 20.4%. Events were adjudicated to be related to culprit lesions in 12.9% of patients and to nonculprit lesions in 11.6%. Most nonculprit lesions responsible for follow-up events were angiographically mild at baseline (mean [+/-SD] diameter stenosis, 32.3+/-20.6%). However, on multivariate analysis, nonculprit lesions associated with recurrent events were more likely than those not associated with recurrent events to be characterized by a plaque burden of 70% or greater (hazard ratio, 5.03; 95% confidence interval [CI], 2.51 to 10.11; P<0.001) or a minimal luminal area of 4.0 mm(sup 2) or less (hazard ratio, 3.21; 95% CI, 1.61 to 6.42; P=0.001) or to be classified on the basis of radiofrequency intravascular ultrasonography as thin-cap fibroatheromas (hazard ratio, 3.35; 95% CI, 1.77 to 6.36; P<0.001). Conclusions: In patients who presented with an acute coronary syndrome and underwent percutaneous coronary intervention, major adverse cardiovascular events occurring during follow-up were equally attributable to recurrence at the site of culprit lesions and to nonculprit lesions. Although nonculprit lesions that were responsible for unanticipated events were frequently angiographically mild, most were thin-cap fibroatheromas or were characterized by a large plaque burden, a small luminal area, or some combination of these characteristics, as determined by gray-scale and radiofrequency intravascular ultrasonography. (Funded by Abbott Vascular and Volcano; ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00180466.) N Engl J Med 2011;364:226-35.
Weather-induced ischemia and arrhythmia in patients undergoing cardiac rehabilitation:: another difference between men and women; Given the accumulating evidence that people with underlying heart disease are a particularly vulnerable group for triggers like changing meteorological parameters, the objective of this longitudinal study was to analyze the influence of weather parameters on blood pressure, arrhythmia and ischemia in cardiovascular patients. A panel study with repeated measurements was conducted in a rehabilitation clinic in Timmendorfer Strand (Baltic Sea, Germany) with 872 cardiovascular patients. Heart rate, blood pressure and electrocardiography changes were measured during repeated bicycle ergometries. Generalized Estimating Equations were used for regression analyses of immediate, delayed and cumulative influences of the daily measured meteorological data. For men, a decrease in air temperature and in water vapor pressure doubled the risk of ST-segment depression during ergometry [odds ratio (OR) for 1 day delay: 1.88 (1.24; 2.83) for air temperature] with a delay of 1-2 days. For women, an increase of their heart rate before the start of the ergometry [same day: 4.36 beats/min (0.99; 7.74) for air temperature] and a 2- to 3-fold higher risk for ventricular ectopic beats [1 day delay: OR 2.43 (1.17; 5.05) for air temperature] was observed with an increase in temperature and water vapor pressure in almost all analyzed time-windows. The study indicates that meteorological parameters can induce changes in heart function which may lead to adverse cardiovascular events especially in susceptible, diseased individuals. The observed effect on ST-segment depression could be a link between the association of weather changes and cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.
CARDIOVASCULAR MORBIDITY IN RELATION TO OVARIAN-FUNCTION AFTER HYSTERECTOMY; Objective: To determine if removal of the uterus with ovarian preservation is associated with cardiovascular morbidity and risk factors. Methods: Self-reported histories of gynecologic surgery of 3895 women from 40 regions in Finland, 30-95 years old, were collected in 1977-1980, and 78% of hysterectomies were confirmed from the hospital records. Cardiovascular risk factors (total- and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, education, body mass index [BMI], blood glucose, and triglycerides), parity, and current use of hormone replacement therapy were used to adjust the risk of hypertension (less than 60 years old and diastolic blood pressure [BP] at least 95 mmHg, or 60 years older and diastolic BP at least 100 mmHg), coronary heart disease, and heart failure. The women with unconfirmed hysterectomies and missing information on cardiovascular risk factors were excluded. Thereafter, the final number of subjects included in the analysis was 3780. Results: One or no ovary was removed in 163 hysterectomies, and in 55 cases, both ovaries were removed. Women with hysterectomy and preservation of at least one ovary had significantly higher diastolic BP and higher BMI than those who had not undergone hysterectomy. Women with hysterectomy and ovarian preservation also had a significantly increased risk of hypertension (odds ratio 2.2, 95% confidence interval 1.5-3.1). The risks of other heart diseases (angina pectoris, myocardial infarction, and heart failure) were not significantly increased. Conclusion: Hysterectomy with ovarian preservation is associated with increased risk of high diastolic BP, diagnosis of hypertension, and increased BMI, but not with other heart diseases. Either hysterectomy increases the risk of hypertension or the increase of BP and the development of myomas, which often lead to hysterectomy, are explained by a common pathogenetic mechanism.
Association between insomnia and atrial fibrillation in a Chinese population: A cross-sectional study; Background: Insomnia is the most prevalent sleep disorder; however, little research has explored the link between insomnia and atrial fibrillation (AF). Hypothesis: Insomnia is associated with increased risk of AF in a Chinese population. Methods: A total of 8371 Chinese participants (4314 males; mean age, 42.4 +/- 13.1 years) were enrolled in this cross-sectional study to investigate the association between insomnia and AF. AF was assessed in a standard supine resting position with a 10-s 12-lead electrocardiograph (ECG) or by self-reported history. Insomnia was assessed using the Athens Insomnia Scale (AIS), and a score of >= 6 was regarded as having insomnia. The association between insomnia and AF was determined by logistic regression analysis. Results: Among the 8371 subjects, 1074 (12.8%) had different degrees of insomnia, and AF was observed in 50 subjects (0.60%). After adjusting for potential confounders, individuals with insomnia had moderately increased likelihood of suffering from AF compared with those without insomnia (odds ratio [OR]: 1.92, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.00-3.70, P = 0.05). After stratifying data by age, a significant positive association was found in those age < 40 years (OR: 6.52, 95% CI: 1.64-25.83, P = 0.01), and a similar trend existed in males after stratifying by sex, although this relationship was not statistically significant (OR: 2.11, 95% CI: 0.92-4.83, P = 0.08). Conclusions: Individuals with insomnia may have a higher risk of AF in the particular Chinese population assessed in this study. Age (< 40 years) is a significant factor in the association between insomnia and AF.
Inflammation, endothelial dysfunction, and the risk of high blood pressure: epidemiologic and biological evidence; In spite of its high impact on cardiovascular and renal disease, knowledge on risk factors for the development of high blood pressure (HBP) is limited. Mild chronic inflammation may play a significant role in the incidence of HBP. A persistent low-grade inflammation state could be associated with high but within the 'normal range' cytokine plasma concentration. By impairing the capacity of the endothelium to generate vasodilating factors, particularly nitric oxide (NO), elevated cytokines may lead to the development of endothelial dysfunction, chronic impaired vasodilation, and HBP. These alterations in the L-arginine: NO pathway may play a major role in the development of HBP in young subjects, with inflammation-related alterations in the production of cyclo-oxygenase-derived vasoconstrictors becoming more prominent with advanced age. Cross-sectional independent associations between HBP and plasma levels of C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, and tissue necrosis factor alpha have been reported, but no prospective evidence of these associations is currently available.
Wave recognition and use of the intraoperative unipolar esophageal electrocardiogram; Study Objectives: To evaluate the automated determination of onset and offset times and amplitudes of all the PQRST waves from simultaneously recorded surface electrocardiogram (SECG) and unipolar esophageal ECG (EsECG). The occurrence of ST segment deviation is also examined. Design: Prospective, observational study. Setting: University hospital. Patients: 30 patients undergoing coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. Interventions: SECG and two-lead unipolar EsECG were recorded after induction of anesthesia and before cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB). Measurements and Main Results: The amplitudes of the P and T waves and the ST segment deviation were measured. EsECG had more noise than SECG. Slight movement of the esophageal electrodes occasionally caused substantial changes in the wave amplitudes and ST segment deviation in the unipolar EsECG. The maximum P wave amplitude in EsECG was, on average, 97% greater than the maximum P wave amplitude in SECG. ST segment deviation in EsECG was observed in the absence of ST segment deviation in SECG and vice versa. Conclusions: The recognition and measurement of all the PQRST waves can be improved and automated by simultaneous use of EsECG and SECG. The P wave amplitude is greater in EsECG than in SECG, which may facilitate the identification of supraventricular versus ventricular arrhythmias. ST segment deviation in the unipolar EsECG may not be suitable for the routine detection of ischemia. (C) 1997 by Elsevier Science Inc.
Is there a genetic basis for pediatric stroke?; Purpose of review Childhood stroke is more common than brain tumor, but because there is a wide spectrum in terms of etiology and most centers see only a few cases every year, there have been few large studies of genetic and environmental risk factors until recently. This review focuses on the clinical and radiologic methodology required to distinguish phenotypes in patients, and it focuses on the available data on genetic predisposition. Recent findings A number of conditions with Mendelian inheritance (eg, sickle cell disease) predispose to childhood stroke, but the search for epistatic polymorphisms that explain why some but not all of these patients are affected has been hampered by our poor understanding of the pathophysiology. Emergency vascular imaging, including arteriography and venography, will almost certainly assist with the description of stroke subtypes with different genetic predisposition in these patients and in the important group of children who were completely healthy before their stroke. Environmental exposure (eg, to infection, hypoxemia, and vitamins) may play a crucial role in modifying genetic expression and must be described carefully in prospective studies. Summary Now that much of the work on classifying stroke subtypes in children has been undertaken, international collaboration is likely to lead to identification of the genetic and environmental risk factors, and thus to primary and secondary prevention.
Decreased levels of cell-division cycle 42 (Cdc42) protein in peripheral lymphocytes from ischaemic stroke patients are associated with Golgi apparatus function; <sec id="sec13-0300060513480093">Objectives To investigate levels of cell-division cycle 42 (Cdc42) protein, and their relationship with Golgi apparatus function in peripheral lymphocytes, in patients following ischaemic stroke. <sec id="sec14-0300060513480093">Methods Patients with acute cerebral ischaemic stroke (within 24-72h of the onset of focal neurological symptoms) and healthy control subjects were enrolled in this prospective case-control study. The cellular location of Cdc42 in peripheral lymphocytes was demonstrated using immunofluorescence. Protein levels of Cdc42 and trans-golgi network protein 2 (TGN46) in peripheral lymphocytes were determined by immunocytochemical staining and Western blotting. <sec id="sec15-0300060513480093">Results A total of 38 patients with stroke and 38 control subjects were studied. The mean +/- SD percentage of Cdc42-positive lymphocytes from patients with stroke was significantly lower than that in control subjects (39.53 +/- 13.55% versus 66.61 +/- 23.30%, respectively). Similar findings were demonstrated for TGN46. Cdc42 levels were positively correlated with TGN46 levels (r=0.92). <sec id="sec16-0300060513480093">Conclusions Acute ischaemic stroke was associated with reduced levels of Cdc42 protein. These findings might lead to the development of drugs that could have therapeutic benefits in patients with acute ischaemic stroke.
Bleeding and Stroke Risk in a Real-world Prospective Primary Prevention Cohort of Patients With Atrial Fibrillation; Background: All stroke risk stratification schemes categorize a history of stroke as a "truly high" risk factor. Therefore, stratifying stroke risk in atrial fibrillation (AF) should perhaps concentrate on primary prevention. However, the risk factors for stroke also lead to an increase in the risk of bleeding. Our objective was to evaluate the agreement among the currently used stroke risk stratification schemes in "real-world" patients with AF in the primary prevention setting, their correlation with adverse events recorded during warfarin treatment, and the relationship between stroke and bleeding risk. Methods: We prospectively followed up 3,302 patients with AF taking warfarin for primary prevention. Stroke risk was assessed using the CHADS(2) (congestive heart failure, hypertension, age >= 75 years, diabetes, previous stroke or transient ischemic attack), Atrial Fibrillation Investigators, American College of Chest Physicians Conference on Antithrombotic and Thrombolytic Therapy, American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association/European Society of Cardiology, and National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence schemas, and for bleeding risk, the outpatient bleeding risk index was calculated. Bleeding and thrombotic events occurring during follow-up were recorded. Results: Patients classified into various stroke risk categories differed widely for different schemes, especially for the moderate- and high-risk categories. The rates of bleeding and thrombotic events during follow-up were 1.24 and 0.76 per 100 patient-years, respectively. All stroke stratification schemes correlated closely to bleeding risk. Stroke rate increased progressively from low- to moderate- to high-risk patients. Conclusions: Stroke risk stratification models differed widely when categorizing subjects into the moderate- and high-stroke-risk categories. Bleeding and stroke risk were closely correlated and both were low among low-risk patients and were similarly high among moderate/high-risk groups. CHEST 2011; 140(4):918-924
Prognostic Factors in Early Rehabilitation after Severe Stroke; Early rehabilitation is an important factor for reducing the level of long-term disability in stroke patients. Using the early stroke rehabilitation registry data from the Asklepios Kliniken Hamburg, we analysed predictors of unfavourable outcome. Hospital-based rehabilitative treatment was organized following the criteria of the OPS 8-552 of the German version of the International Classification of Procedures in Medicine (ICPM). Descriptive statistics (median [1(st) quartile, 3(rd) quartile]) and a regression model were created for the prediction of poor outcome defined as less than 30 points in the Early Rehabilitation Barthel Index (ERBI) at the end of hospital treatment. Records from 7/2012 to 06/2015 of 818 stroke patients (median age 72 years old [61, 78], 43% female, haemorrhagic [28%] and ischaemic [72%] stroke) were analyzed. The median ERBI was - 40 [-75.0] points on admission. The median length of stay was 34 [21, 48] days. The predictors of death or a score of less than 30 points in ERBI on discharge were older age, female gender, atrial fibrillation, long-term care before stroke, neuropsychological deficits, seizures, delirium or psychosis, and pneumonia or tracheobronchitis. From these results, a prognostic score was created, which predicted the probability of death or an ERBI<30 points in individual patients at the time of discharge from the early rehabilitation unit. Optimization of modifiable predictors could lead to an improvement in treatment outcome. This must be verified in a prospective study.
Billing based on a case-based lump sum for stroke; It has been supposed that the introduction of a new inpatient reimbursement system starting in 2004 in Germany using the German diagnosis-related groups (G-DRG) may lead to false incentives with encouragement of premature hospital discharge of patients. Exploring a large database on stroke patients, we addressed the question whether length of stay (LOS) and discharge in more severe condition were associated with the introduction of the G-DRG. We further examined other factors with probable effect on LOS such as variations of patient characteristics and treatment during the observation period. All stroke patients treated in 2003-2006 in the German state of Hesse (6,100,000 inhabitants) were assessed with respect to stroke severity, symptoms on admission and discharge, LOS and stroke-related deficits on discharge. We compared LOS and outcome in 2003 (before introduction of the G-DRG) with 2004 when the G-DRG had recently been introduced and with 2006 when the G-DRG was already well established in the clinical routine. The effects of LOS and treatment year on outcome were assessed using a logistic regression model. During the observation period, we evaluated 37,396 stroke patients. The length of stay was reduced significantly from 12.2 to 10.4 days (p < 0.001). Both severity of stroke on admission and outcome on discharge decreased during the observation period. A multivariate analysis revealed a minor but significant association [odds ratio (OR): 1.020 per day of hospital treatment; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.016-1.024] of LOS on outcome. Treatment in 2006 compared to 2003 led to good outcome with an OR of 1.378 (95% CI: 1.279-1.485). Subgroup analysis limited to patients with severe stroke revealed that LOS was significantly lower in 2006 compared to 2003 also in this patient subgroup; moreover, the proportion of patients discharged with severe outcome was lower in 2006 compared to 2003. This study reveals a significant reduction of LOS during the years after introduction of the G-DRG. However, reduction of LOS was not associated with more severe outcome on discharge, possibly due to changes in stroke treatment implemented during the observational period. Our results do not support the conjecture that changes in the reimbursement system were associated with compromised patient care.
Considerations in the treatment of insulin resistance and related disorders with a new sympatholytic agent; Background Prospective studies have documented the importance of blood glucose control in diabetic patients for risks for cardiovascular diseases, At age 70 years, more than 30% of people are hypertensive and among these about one-third have diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance, It is urgent to treat hypertension in these patients with drugs that do not further impair glucose control, Drug studies Prospective, randomized studies with antihypertensive drugs have demonstrated differences between different classes of drugs regarding effects on insulin sensitivity, Thus, treatment with beta-blockers or diuretics is associated with impaired insulin sensitivity, whereas most modern calcium channel blockers and angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors are neutral, The most pronounced improvements have been obtained with alpha(1)-blockers, A new class of drugs, imidazoline I-1-imidazoline receptor agonists, may be of interest in this context, Moxonidine, a drug in this class, inhibits sympathetic outflow and causes vasodilation, This effect together with other characteristics may lead to improved insulin resistance and glucose control, Conclusions In populations at high risk for diabetes, it may be justified to select drugs that improve insulin sensitivity when treating insulin-resistant individuals for hypertension.
Geographic variations in the prevalence, awareness, treatment and control of hypertension in China; Objective To compare the prevalence, awareness, treatment and control of hypertension in north and south, and urban and rural residents of China. Design A cross-sectional survey conducted in 2000-2001. Setting and participants A multistage cluster sampling method was used to select a nationally representative sample of 15 540 men and women aged 35-74 years from the general Chinese population. Main outcome measures Three blood pressure measurements were obtained by trained observers using a standardized mercury sphygmomanometer. Information on history of hypertension and use of antihypertensive medications was obtained by use of a standard questionnaire. Hypertension was defined as a mean systolic blood pressure greater than or equal to 140 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure greater than or equal to 90 mmHg and/or use of antihypertensive medications. Results The age-standardized prevalence of hypertension was significantly higher among residents living in north than in south China (33.8 versus 23.3%, P< 0.001), but similar in those living in urban and rural areas (29.0 versus 28.1%, P = 0.3). Average systolic and diastolic blood pressure levels were consistently higher in north than in south residents. Residents in north China had higher percentages of awareness but lower percentages of control compared with their counterparts in south China. Percentages of awareness, treatment and control of hypertension were significantly higher in urban than in rural residents. Conclusions Our study documents a marked north-south gradient in the prevalence of hypertension in China. The previously reported urban-rural difference in the prevalence of hypertension was not noted, perhaps due to a rapid increase in the prevalence of hypertension in rural China.
Vertebrobasilar thrombosis in children: Report of two cases and recommendations for treatment; Two consecutive cases of children with vertebrobasilar thrombosis (VBT) were treated with high-dose intra-arterial urokinase within 4 h of presenting to the emergency room, after full evaluation by CT scan, MRI and MR angiography. Complete resolution of neurologic symptoms was achieved in both cases. Based on our limited pediatric experience, previous treatment of VBT at our institution and a review of the relevant literature, the authors suggest that VBT be specifically ruled out at initial diagnosis, and if present, full consideration be given to immediate treatment with intra-arterial thrombolytic therapy. This may lead to a significant reduction in the morbidity and mortality associated with VBT in children. A large prospective multi-institution study is needed to further evaluate the efficacy of this approach to childhood stroke. Copyright (C) 2003 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Why do neuroprotective drugs work in animals but not humans?; Many neuroprotective agents that seemed promising in animal studies of ischemic brain injury prove to have no effect when tested in clinical trials, suggesting that fundamental elements of translational research require better definition. A number of modifications have led to improvements in preclinical and human studies since the earliest controlled trials failed to confirm hypotheses suggested by animal data. Continued re-evaluation and sharing of information derived from the laboratory bench or the patient's bedside should eventually lead to effective neuroprotection in acute stroke. Experimental data should be carefully studied to improve the quality of agents coming to clinical trials and to design trial phasing that effectively determines drug safety and efficacy. This article will examine preclinical modeling and its translation to prospective studies of acute stroke therapy and will focus on some potential solutions directed at clinical trial design.
The effect of the initiation of renal replacement therapy on lipid profile and oxidative stress during the first 6 months of treatment; Background: Disturbed lipoproteins and increased oxidative stress are two of the "non-traditional" cardiovascular risk factors in chronic renal failure. There are very few prospective data of the influence of dialysis on these two factors. In the present study we investigated the effects of the initiation of both hemo- and peritoneal dialysis therapy on lipoproteins and parameters of LDL oxidation. Methods: In this prospective cohort study, we assessed lipoproteins, plasma lipid peroxides and in vitro copper-induced LDL oxidation in 46 patients with end-stage renal disease prior to the start of dialysis and after 6 months of treatment with either hemodialysis (n=33) or peritoneal dialysis (n=13). Results: After 6 months of treatment with hemodialysis there was an increase in total cholesterol (4.6 +/- 1.1 vs. 5.0 +/- 1.3 mmol/l; p<0.05) and triglycerides (2.0 +/- 0.9 vs. 2.8 +/- 1.6 mmol/l; p<0.03). In the peritoneal dialysis group the lipoproteins did not change. Regarding lipid peroxides and in vitro copper-induced LDL oxidation, also no changes were observed after 6 months of treatment in both groups. Conclusion: Dyslipidemia aggravates after 6 months of hemodialysis but not after 6 months of peritoneal dialysis. During this period, no net effects on oxidative stress were demonstrated. (c) 2005 Published by Elsevier B.V.
Cell transplantation for ischemic stroke; Cell replacement therapy has been evaluated as a regenerative strategy for patients with fixed neurologic deficits after ischemic stroke. Animal models have identified specific cell lines which lead to regeneration and improvement in behavior and motor function after implantation into areas of ischemic injury. This has led to the development of pilot studies in humans, which have mainly investigated the safety and pilot efficacy of such approaches with promising early results. As research in this area progresses, further prospective trials are necessary not only to demonstrate clinical efficacy but also to understand the mechanisms underlying the early positive experiences, to select appropriate patients for cell replacement therapy, and to elucidate the optimal timing and mode of cell delivery. Copyright (C) 2006 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Readmissions after complex aneurysm repair are frequent, costly, and primarily at nonindex hospitals; Objective: Readmissions after complex vascular surgery are not well studied. We sought to determine the rate of readmission after thoracic and thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm repair (TAA/TAAAR) at our institution and to identify risk factors for and costs of readmission. Methods: Using a prospectively collected institutional database in conjunction with a Maryland statewide database, we reviewed index admissions and early readmissions for all patients who underwent TAA/TAAAR between 2002 and 2013 at the Johns Hopkins Hospital. Only Maryland residents were included to capture readmissions to any Maryland hospital. Results: We identified 115 Maryland residents (58% men; mean age, 65 6 1.2 years) undergoing TAA/TAAAR (57% open repair). Early readmissions were frequent and occurred in 29% of patients. Of the readmitted patients, 79% (P < .001) were not readmitted to the index hospital where their operation was performed. Readmitted patients were not significantly different from nonreadmitted patients in age, gender, race, aneurysm type, and index length of stay. They were not different in preoperative comorbidities (including coronary artery disease, diabetes mellitus, smoking, renal insufficiency, and pulmonary disease), postoperative neurologic, renal, and cardiovascular complications, or 30-day or 5-year mortality. Multivariable analysis showed that significant risk factors for readmission were open repair (odds ratio, 3.12; 95% confidence interval, 1.12-9.54; P = .03) andpostoperative pneumonia (odds ratio, 4.31; 95% confidence interval, 1.28-15.4; P = .02). Readmitted patients had significantly lower average income compared with the nonreadmitted cohort (U. S. $62,000 +/- $4000 vs $73,000 +/- $3000; P = .04). Striking differences were seen between patients readmitted to the index hospital where the operation was performed, and those who were readmitted to a nonindex hospital: patients readmitted to the index hospital were readmitted mainly for aneurysm-related surgical issues, whereas patients readmitted to the nonindex hospital were readmitted formedicalmorbidities. An aneurysm-related intervention was required in 75% of patients readmitted to the index hospital vs in 9% of patients readmitted to the nonindex hospital. Readmissions to a nonindex hospital cost significantly less than to the indexhospital (U. S.$20,0006 +/- $4400 vs $42,0006 +/- $8800; P = .03) and were not associated with increased overall mortality. Conclusions: Early readmissions after TAA/TAAA repair are frequent and often occur at hospitals other than the index institution. Risk factors for readmission include open repair and postoperative pneumonia but not pre-existing patient comorbidities. Readmissions to nonindex hospitals were related to medical morbidities that were associated with fewer interventions and lower costs compared with the index hospital. Focusing on preoperative risk factors in this group of patients may not lead to reduction in readmissions. Minimizing nonsurgical complications may reduce post-TAA/TAAAR readmissions and the high costs associated with repeat care.
Association of Electrocardiographic Abnormalities With Coronary Artery Calcium and Carotid Artery Intima-Media Thickness in Individuals Without Clinical Coronary Heart Disease (from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis [MESA]); Isolated minor nonspecific ST-segment and T-wave abnormalities (NSSTAs), minor and major electrocardiographic (ECG) abnormalities are established, independent risk markers for incident cardiovascular events. Their association with subclinical atherosclerosis has been postulated but is not clearly defined. The aim of this study was to define the association between ECG abnormalities and measurements of subclinical atherosclerosis. We studied participants from MESA, a multiethnic sample of men and women 45 to 84 years of age and free of clinical cardiovascular disease at enrollment. Baseline examination included measurement of traditional risk factors, 12-lead electrocardiograms at rest, coronary artery calcium (CAC) measurement, and common carotid intima-media thickness (CC-IMT). Electrocardiograms were coded using Novacode criteria and were defined as having minor abnormalities (e.g., minor NSSTTAs, first-degree atrioventricular block, and QRS-axis deviations) or major abnormalities (e.g., pathologic Q waves, major STTAs, significant dysrhythmias, and conduction system delays). Multivariable logistic and linear regressions were used to determine cross-sectional associations of ECG abnormalities with CAC and CC-IMT. Of 6,710 participants, 52.7% were women, with a mean age of 62 years. After multivariable adjustment, isolated minor STTAs and minor and major ECG abnormalities were not associated with presence of CAC (>0) in men (odds ratio 1.04, 95% confidence interval 0.81 to 1.33; 1.10, 0.91 to 1.32; and 1.03, 0.81 to 1.31, respectively) or women (1.01, 0.82 to 1.24; 1.04, 0.87 to 1.23; and 0.94, 0.73 to 1.22, respectively). Lack of association remained consistent when using log CAC and CC-IMT as continuous variables. In conclusion, ECG abnormalities are not associated with markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in a large multiethnic cohort. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2009;104:1086-1091)
Experience with intravenous ferric carboxymaltose in patients with iron deficiency anemia; Erythropoiesis may be limited by absolute or functional iron deficiency or when chronic inflammatory conditions lead to iron sequestration. Intravenous iron may be indicated when oral iron cannot address the deficiency. Ferric carboxymaltose (FCM) is a nondextran iron preparation recently approved in the United States for intravenous treatment of iron deficiency anemia (IDA) in adult patients with intolerance or unsatisfactory response to oral iron or with nondialysis-dependent chronic kidney disease. The full dose is two administrations of up to 750 mg separated by at least 7 days (up to 1500 mg total). FCM can be injected in 7-8 min or diluted in saline for slower infusion. The efficacy and safety of this dose was established in two prospective trials that randomized over 3500 subjects, 1775 of whom received FCM. One trial showed similar efficacy of FCM to an approved intravenous iron regimen (1000 mg of iron sucrose) in 2500 subjects with chronic kidney disease and additional cardiovascular risk factors. The other trial showed superior efficacy of FCM to oral iron in subjects with IDA due to various etiologies (e.g. gastrointestinal or uterine bleeding). In these trials, there was no significant difference between FCM and comparator with respect to an independently adjudicated composite safety endpoint, including death, myocardial infarction, or stroke. A database of 5799 subjects exposed to FCM provided a safety profile acceptable for regulatory approval. Mechanistic studies demonstrated that the transient, asymptomatic reduction in serum phosphate observed following FCM administration results from induction of fibroblast growth factor 23, which in turn induces renal phosphate excretion. An elevated hepcidin level may identify patients with IDA who will not respond to oral iron but will respond to FCM. The ability to administer FCM in two rapid injections or infusions will likely be viewed favorably by patients and healthcare providers.
Noninvasive determination of coronary blood flow velocity with magnetic resonance imaging: Comparison of breath-hold and navigator techniques with intravascular ultrasound; The aim of this study was to evaluate two different magnetic resonance (MR) techniques for the noninvasive assessment of intracoronary blood flow. Coronary blood flow velocities were measured invasively in 26 angiographically normal segments of 12 patients. Noninvasive measurements were performed in identical segments with two MR techniques using a 1.5 T MR tomograph (ACS NT, Philips). A single breath-hold technique (temporal resolution: 140 msec) and a similar non-breath-hold technique with prospective navigator correction and improved temporal resolution (45 msec) were used. Maximal coronary flow velocities determined by MR correlated closely with invasive measurements (breath-hold: r = 0.70; navigator: r = 0.86); however, a significant underestimation of the MR measurements was found (slope = 0.33 and 0.37). The relative difference from the invasive method was lower for the navigator technique compared with the breath-hold technique (P < 0.02). Both MR techniques allow the determination of coronary blood flow velocities. The higher temporal resolution and shorter acquisition window of navigator-corrected non-breath-hold techniques lead to increased accuracy. This approach is a further step toward the diagnostic use of MR flow measurements in coronary artery disease. Magn Reson Med 41:544-549, 1999. (C) 1999 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Role of MTHFR <i>C677T</i> polymorphism in ischemic stroke; Background: Homozygosity for MTHFR C677T polymorphism can lead to significantly high homocysteine levels and hyperhomocysteinemia is an important risk factor for thrombotic events. Aims: The aim was to determine role of MTHFR C677T polymorphism in North Indians with ischemic stroke. Settings and Design: In a prospective study, the subjects of stroke were recruited from the neurology clinic of the hospital. Controls were healthy individuals from the Hematology clinic without any history of stroke. Materials and Methods: Plasma homocysteine levels were measured by enzyme immuno assay method after 3 months of acute episode. Serum folate and Vitamin B12 levels were estimated by competitive inhibition radioassay. MTHFR polymorphism was detected by PCR-RFLP using Hinf1 enzyme. Statistical analysis: The analysis of significance of results was done using SPSS software package. A pvalue < 0.05 was taken as significant. Results: Thirty-two acute ischemic stroke patients (aged 1-44 years) were studied. Fourteen (43.8%) had recurrent stroke. Nine (28%) had multiple infarcts. Four of 32 patients (12.5%) had high homocysteine levels. Three out of these 4 hyperhomocysteinemia patients were homozygous (TT) for MTHFR polymorphism (2 with recurrent stroke). Two of three homozygous cases with TT genotype had low serum folate. Five of 32 stroke cases (18.8%) were heterozygous (CT) genotype. Conclusions: Primary hyper-homocysteinemia appears to be an important risk factor for ischemic stroke in North Indians, most due to MTHFR C677T homozygosity. Folate levels may modify the presentation of the MTHFR TT genotype.
Psoriasis: is the impairment to a patient's life cumulative?; Psoriasis is associated with significant physical and psychological burden affecting all facets of a patient's life - relationships, social activities, work and emotional wellbeing. The cumulative effect of this disability may be self-perpetuating social disconnection and failure to achieve a 'full life potential' in some patients. Health-related quality of life studies have quantified the burden of psoriasis providing predominantly cross-sectional data and point-in-time images of patients' lives rather than assessing the possible cumulative disability over a patient's lifetime. However, social and economic outcomes indicate there are likely negative impacts that accumulate over time. To capture the cumulative effect of psoriasis and its associated co-morbidities and stigma over a patient's life course, we propose the concept of 'Cumulative Life Course Impairment' (CLCI). CLCI results from an interaction between (A) the burden of stigmatization, and physical and psychological co-morbidities and (B) coping strategies and external factors. Several key aspects of the CLCI concept are supported by data similar to that used in health-related quality of life assessments. Future research should focus on (i) establishing key components of CLCI and determining the mechanisms of impairment through longitudinal or retrospective case-control studies, and (ii) assessing factors that put patients at increased risk of developing CLCI. In the future, this concept may lead to a better understanding of the overall impact of psoriasis, help identify more vulnerable patients, and facilitate more appropriate treatment decisions or earlier referrals. To our knowledge, this is a first attempt to apply and develop concepts from 'Life Course Epidemiology' to psoriasis research.
Compressed sensing real-time cine cardiovascular magnetic resonance: accurate assessment of left ventricular function in a single-breath-hold; Backround: Cardiovascular cine magnetic resonance (CMR) accelerated by compressed sensing (CS) is used to assess left ventricular (LV) function. However, it is difficult for prospective CS cine CMR to capture the complete end-diastolic phase, which can lead to underestimation of the end-diastolic volume (EDV), stroke volume (SV), and ejection fraction (EF), compared to retrospective standard cine CMR. This prospective study aimed to evaluate the diagnostic quality and accuracy of single-breath-hold full cardiac cycle CS cine CMR, acquired over two heart beats, to quantify LV volume in comparison to multi-breath-hold standard cine CMR. Methods: Eighty-one participants underwent standard segmented breath-hold cine and CS real-time cine CMR examinations to obtain a stack of eight contiguous short-axis images with same high spatial (1.7 x 1. 7 mm(2)) and temporal resolution (41 ms). Two radiologists independently performed qualitative analysis of image quality (score, 1 [i.e., "nondiagnostic"] to 5 [i.e., "excellent"]) and quantitative analysis of the LV volume measurements. Results: The total examination time was 113 +/- 7 s for standard cine CMR and 24 +/- 4 s for CS cine CMR (p < 0.0001). The CS cine image quality was slightly lower than standard cine (4.8 +/- 0.5 for standard vs. 4.4 +/- 0.5 for CS; p < 0.0001). However, all image quality scores for CS cine were above 4 (i.e., good). No significant differences existed between standard and CS cine MR for all quantitative LV measurements. The mean differences with 95 % confidence interval (CI), based on Bland-Altman analysis, were 1.3 mL (95 % CI, -14.6 - 17.2) for LV end-diastolic volume, 0.2 mL (95 % CI, -9.8 to10.3) for LV end-systolic volume, 1.1 mL (95 % CI,-10.5 to 12.7) for LV stroke volume, 1.0 g (95 % CI, -11.2 to 13.3) for LV mass, and 0.4 % (95 % CI, -4.8 - 5.6) for LV ejection fraction. The interobserver and intraobserver variability for CS cine MR ranged from -4.8 - 1.6 % and from -7.3 - 9.3 %, respectively, with slopes of the regressions ranging 0.88-1.0 and 0.86-1.03, respectively. Conclusions: Single-breath-hold full cardiac cycle CS real-time cine CMR could evaluate LV volume with excellent accuracy. It may replace multi-breath-hold standard cine CMR.
Is higher serum cholesterol associated with altered tendon structure or tendon pain? A systematic review; Background Tendon pain occurs in individuals with extreme cholesterol levels (familial hypercholesterolaemia). It is unclear whether the association with tendon pain is strong with less extreme elevations of cholesterol. Objective To determine whether lipid levels are associated with abnormal tendon structure or the presence of tendon pain. Methods We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis. Relevant articles were found through an electronic search of 6 medical databases-MEDLINE, Cochrane, AMED, EMBASE, Web of Science and Scopus. We included all case-control or cross-sectional studies with data describing (1) lipid levels or use of lipid-lowering drugs and (2) tendon structure or tendon pain. Results 17 studies (2612 participants) were eligible for inclusion in the review. People with altered tendon structure or tendon pain had significantly higher total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides, as well as lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol; with mean difference values of 0.66, 1.00, 0.33, and -0.19 mmol/L, respectively. Conclusions The results of this review indicate that a relationship exists between an individual's lipid profile and tendon health. However, further longitudinal studies are required to determine whether a cause and effect relationship exists between tendon structure and lipid levels. This could lead to advancement in the understanding of the pathoaetiology and thus treatment of tendinopathy.
Effects of antihypertensive drugs on endothelial dysfunction - Clinical implications; Essential hypertension is associated with endothelial dysfunction, which is caused mainly by the production of oxygen-free radicals that can destroy nitric oxide (NO), and impair its beneficial and protective effects on the vessel wall. In prospective studies, endothelial dysfunction is associated with increased incidence of cardiovascular events. Antihypertensive drugs show contrasting effects in terms of improvement or restoration of endothelial function. Little evidence is available with beta-blockers. Whereas treatment with atenolol has a negative effect in peripheral subcutaneous and muscle microcirculation, insufficient evidence is available to establish whether new compounds such as nebivolol, which activates the L-Arginine-NO pathway, and carvedilol, which has strong antioxidant activity, can improve endothelial function in patients with hypertension. Calcium channel antagonists, particularly the dihydropyridines, can reverse impaired endothelium-dependent vasodilation in different vascular districts, including the subcutaneous, epicardial, renal and forearm circulation. However, conflicting results are found in the brachial artery. In the forearm circulation, nifedipine and lacidipine can improve endothelial dysfunction by restoring NO availability through a mechanism probably related to an antioxidant effect. ACE inhibitors, on the other hand, seem to improve endothelial function in subcutaneous, epicardial, brachial and renal circulation, whereas they are ineffective in potentiating the blunted response to acetylcholine in the forearm of patients with essential hypertension. They can also selectively improve endothelium-dependent vasodilation to bradykinin, an effect not mediated by restoring NO availability but probably related to hyperpolarisation. Recent evidence suggests angiotensin II AT(1)-receptor antagonists can restore endothelium-dependent vasodilation to acetylcholine in subcutaneous microcirculation but not in that of the forearm muscle. Evidence concerning the effect of these drugs on the brachial artery in patients with atherosclerosis is positive. However, treatment with an AT(1)-receptor antagonist can improve basal NO release and decrease the vasoconstrictor effect of endogenous endothelin-1. In conclusion, despite the considerable evidence that impaired endothelium-dependent vasodilation can be improved by appropriate antihypertensive treatment, no clinical data exist demonstrating that the reversal of endothelial dysfunction is associated with a reduction in cardiovascular events. In the near future, large scale clinical trials are required to demonstrate that treatment of endothelial dysfunction can lead to better prognosis in patients with essential hypertension.
Long-Term Mortality After First-Ever and Recurrent Stroke in Young Adults; Background and Purpose-Mortality after first-ever stroke, and particularly after recurrent stroke, and predictors of long-term mortality among young and middle-aged stroke patients are not well-known. We assessed 17-year risk of mortality with focus on the effect of recurrence on the risk of death of young and middle-aged patients with stroke. Methods-Mortality and recurrent stroke rate of 970 consecutive 30-day survivors of first-ever ischemic stroke aged 15 to 49 years (1994-2007) were studied. Prospective follow-up data came from the Finnish Care Register for Health Care and Statistics Finland. Mean follow-up was 10.2 +/- 4.3 years. We compared survival between clinical subgroups and identified factors associated with mortality. Standardized mortality ratio was calculated for demographic and pathogenetic subgroups using mortality data of the general population matched with age, sex, calendar year, and geographical area. Results-At the end of follow-up, 152 (15.7%) patients had died (cumulative risk, 23.0%; 95% confidence interval, 19.1%-26.9%) and 132 (13.6%) had experienced a recurrent stroke. After adjusting for baseline characteristics, recurrent stroke was statistically the most important risk factor for mortality after first-ever ischemic stroke (hazard ratio, 16.68; 95% confidence interval, 2.33-119.56; P=0.005). Observed mortality was 7-fold higher than the expected mortality (standardized mortality ratio, 6.94; 95% confidence interval, 5.84-8.04) and particularly high among patients who experienced a recurrent stroke (standardized mortality ratio, 14.43; 95% confidence interval, 10.11-18.74). Conclusions-The high mortality rates and the striking impact of recurrent stroke on the risk of death should lead to development of more robust primary and secondary prevention strategies for young patients with stroke.
Cardiovascular and renal protection in type 2 diabetes mellitus: The role of calcium channel blockers; The most important factor that prevents the progression of renal damage in diabetes mellitus, beside the improvement of blood glucose control, is tight BP control. The tenet of tight BP control may be defined as the lowest BP level one can accomplish using antihypertensive therapy that is at the same time compatible with the absence of untoward side effects. In fact, both the Framingham Heart Study in nondiabetic normal subjects and the United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study in type 2 diabetic patients showed that systolic values as low as 108 to 111 mmHg and diastolic values as low as 70 to 71 mmHg are significantly associated with decreased cardiovascular mortality and morbidity. However, 45 to 50% of the patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypertension have systolic BP levels above 140 mmHg during antihypertensive therapy, particularly when using monotherapy. Thus the issue regarding the choice of which drugs one should use to treat hypertension became critical from a clinical point of view. Pharmaceutical compounds, which inhibit the renin-angiotensin system, have become the first-choice treatment in patients with diabetes mellitus and incipient and advanced renal complications. The present brief review analyzes the effects of calcium channel blockers (CCB) on cardiovascular and renal complications in diabetes mellitus. The review discussed those studies that directly and blindly compared CCB with angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors and with angiotensin 11 AT, receptor blockers (ARB). Furthermore, size of the population recruited in each trial was used as a criterion of priority in the selection of the reports from the available literature. From the point of view of cardiovascular complications, the results of these studies showed a slightly better benefit of CCB on stroke, whereas ACE inhibitors better prevented the occurrence of myocardial infarction and congestive heart failure. On the other hand, recent observations demonstrated that also ACE inhibitors and ARB are effective in the primary and secondary prevention of stroke, although these studies did not directly compare these compounds with CCB. With regard to the outcome of renal complications, both ARB and ACE inhibitors more effectively prevented the progression of renal damage among the patients with overt nephropathy than CCB. On the contrary, both CCB and ACE inhibitors were equally effective on blunting the decay of GFR in diabetic patients who do not have overt protemuria. However, ACE inhibitors and ARB more markedly decreased the rate of albumin excretion rate in the range of both microalbuminuria and macroalbuminuria. Recent advances in the understanding of the pathogenesis of abnormalities of albumin excretion rate and of atherosclerosis are also discussed. Both mechanical stress, mainly secondary to systolic hypertension, and elevated circulating and tissue levels of angiotensin 11, partially independent from each other, cause excessive generation of superoxide compounds. This chain reaction of events in turn leads to disorders of structural components of glomerular filter and to damage of the vascular wall. Systolic BP control (< 130 mmHg) is not adequately accomplished in the majority of the patients treated only with ACE inhibitors and ARB, even in association with diuretics. Poor BP control may lead to excessive systemic mechanical stress at the vascular level despite satisfactory inhibition of angiotensin 11 effects. In conclusion, one can suggest that CCB are useful and often indispensable pharmaceutical compounds, beside ACE inhibitors and ARB, to accomplish tight BP control (< 130/85 mmHg), a target that is unlikely to be successfully maintained in the overall population of type 2 diabetic patients only by ACE inhibitors or ARB, as monotherapy. However, ACE inhibitors and ARB might be considered first-choice drugs in the treatment of hypertension in diabetes mellitus, mainly because of a better renoprotection.
Prescription of anti-oedema agents and short-term mortality in older patients with acute ischaemic stroke; Background and objective: In Western countries, stroke is the third most common cause of death and one of the main causes of disability in individuals aged over 65 years. Mortality at I month after stroke is still high, at around 25-30%. Despite the widespread use of anti-oedema agents in clinical practice, there are only a few studies that have investigated the effect of these drugs on stroke outcome. In this study we evaluated the effect of intravenously administered glycerol or mannitol individually and in combination with corticosteroids, on short-term mortality (30 days). The sample included patients aged over 65 years who were admitted to hospital for acute ischaemic stroke. Study Design: This was a retrospective cohort study. The odds ratio, estimated by means of multivariate logistic regression method, was used to compare short-term mortality risk across treatment groups after adjusting for possible confounders. Methods: This study included 442 consecutive patients aged over 65 years with severe ischaemic stroke who were admitted to either the University School of Internal Medicine (Ferrara) or the Geriatric Department (Perugia), Italy, over a 4-year period (1996-2000). All patients underwent a computed tomography (CT) scan of the brain within 72 hours of admission. Stroke type was classified according to the system used by the Oxfordshire Community Stroke Project. The data recorded included: (i) clinical features of stroke; (ii) detailed medical history, including vascular risk factors (arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus, atrial fibrillation, coronary heart disease, congestive heart failure, alcohol abuse, smoking, previous transient ischaemic attacks or stroke); (iii) 12-lead ECG; and (iv) routine blood analysis and urine tests. Results: No reduction in short-term mortality risk was observed in patients treated with intravenous (IV) glycerol. However, an increase in short-term mortality risk was observed in the patients who were concurrently treated with IV corticosteroids. Similarly, treatment with mannitol did not reduce the risk of short-term mortality; however, concurrent treatment with IV corticosteroids did not show a significant rise in short-term mortality risk. When treatment with IV glycerol and mannitol was considered together, the treatment did not decrease short-term mortality risk, while concurrent therapy with corticosteroids was associated with an increase in short-term mortality risk. Conclusion: This study does not support the use of IV osmotic agents such as glycerol or mannitol in the prevention of short-term mortality in older patients with acute ischaemic stroke. Furthermore, our data suggest a possible harmful effect of IV corticosteroids on short-term mortality risk.
Thrombolytic therapy within 3 to 6 hours after onset of ischemic stroke - Useful or harmful?; Background-The use of recombinant tissue plasminogen activator (rtPA) within 3 hours after onset of an ischemic stroke is an established therapy. Because the use of intravenous rtPA beyond a time window of 3 hours after stroke onset is still a matter of debate, we sought to review, the evidence for the use of thrombolytic therapy in a time window up to 6 hours after onset of symptoms of ischemic stroke. Summary of Review-The meta-analyses of the major trials (National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke rtPA Stroke Study, European Cooperative Acute Stroke Study [ECASS] I, ECASS II) showed a benefit of thrombolytic therapy with intravenous rtPA even within 6 hours after onset of symptoms of ischemic stroke. The rate of intracerebral hemorrhage was slightly increased in the 6-hour time window compared with the 3-hour time window, (odds ratio, 3.23 versus 2.68), but this was without statistical significance because of wide confidence intervals. A positive effect of 37% relative odds reduction with the use of a dichotomization of less than or equal to2 versus greater than or equal to3 on the modified Rankin Scale remains for rtPA treatment within 6 hours. However, the Alteplase Thrombolysis for Acute Noninterventional Therapy in Ischemic Stroke (ATLANTIS) Study, in which a 3- to 5-hour time window was used, failed to show a benefit of rtPA. Still, when the results of ATLANTIS are included into meta-analyses such as the Cochrane Library, the positive effect of rtPA treatment in the 6-hour time window remains, with a "number needed to treat" value of 11. Treating patients only within a 3- to 6-hour time window would lead to a number needed to treat value of 25. Conclusions-Consequently, from our point of view it appears unjustified to limit thrombolytic therapy to 3 hours. Because of lack of approvals for 3 to 6 hours, thrombolytic therapy within this time window should be done only as part of an institutional protocol after extensive information is obtained from the patient and the patient's relatives. Better methods for patient selection are required in particular, newer MRI techniques, such as diffusion- and perfusion-weighted imaging, can play a key role. The aim is to qualify and individualize the time window according to the findings in each patient's imaging results rather than to use a strictly time-defined therapeutic window.
Non-invasive prediction of reperfusion and coronary artery patency by continuous ST segment monitoring in the GUSTO-I trial; In the GUSTO-I ECG ischaemia monitoring substudy, 1067 patients underwent continuous ST segment monitoring, using vector-derived 12-lead (406 patients), 12-lead (373 patients) and 3-lead Holter (288 patients) ECG recording systems. Simultaneous angiograms at 90 or 180 min following thrombolytic therapy were performed as a part of the prospective study in 302 patients. Infarct vessel patency was established as TIMI perfusion grades 2 or 3 and occlusion as TIMI perfusion grades 0 or 1. Coronary artery patency was predicted from ST trends up to the time of angiography. Predictive values at 90 and 180 min after the start of thrombolysis were 70% and 82% for patency and 58% and 64% for occlusion, respectively. In retrospect, accuracy appeared greatest (79-100%) in patients with extensive ST segment elevation (greater than or equal to 400 mu V), if both speed of ST recovery and extent of ST segment elevation were taken into account. Although the three recording systems differed considerably in signal processing, no significant difference in accuracy was demonstrated among these systems. We conclude that continuous ECG monitoring may help select high risk patients without apparent reperfusion who ;may benefit from additional reperfusion therapy. As ST recovery may occur early after the start of thrombolytics and accuracy of the test is related to peak ST levels, the use of on-line ECG monitoring devices on emergency wards and cardiac care units is recommended.
Prior antiplatelet agent use and outcomes after intravenous thrombolysis with recombinant tissue plasminogen activator in acute ischemic stroke: a meta-analysis of cohort studies and randomized controlled trials; BackgroundThere is uncertainty surrounding the influence of prior antiplatelet agent use on outcomes after intravenous thrombolysis with recombinant tissue plasminogen activator in acute ischemic stroke. AimWe performed a systematic review with a final meta-analysis to evaluate the efficacy and safety of prior antiplatelet use before intravenous recombinant tissue plasminogen activator for acute ischemic stroke. Summary of reviewWe searched PubMed and Embase databases from 1997 to 2014. Primary outcome was functional outcome at the end of follow-up; secondary outcomes were symptomatic intracranial hemorrhage and recanalization rate. The meta-analysis was performed with Review Manager 52 (Copenhagen: The Nordic Cochrane Centre, The Cochrane Collaboration, 2012). Eleven studies with a total of 19453 patients were included. A total of 6517 (335%) patients who had received intravenous recombinant tissue plasminogen activator were taking antiplatelet agent before stroke onset. Pooled analysis demonstrated a clear trend that previous antiplatelet users had a reduced probability of good outcome, although it was not conventionally statistically significant (OR 086; 95% CI 073-101; P=006). There was no difference in recanalization rate between two groups (OR 123; 95% CI 030-499; P=077). The risk of symptomatic intracranial hemorrhage was significantly increased in the antiplatelet group (OR 165; 95% CI 144-190; P<001). ConclusionsIn acute ischemic stroke patients receiving intravenous recombinant tissue plasminogen activator therapy, prior antiplatelet agent use did not lead to a significant difference in functional outcome, although it significantly increased the risk of symptomatic intracranial hemorrhage. Recanalization rate was not different between two groups. In the subgroup analysis, prior clopidogrel mono therapy may not increase the risk of symptomatic intracranial hemorrhage, which will need further studies to confirm.
Off-pump versus on-pump coronary artery bypass surgery in patients with triple-vessel disease and enlarged ventricles; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting (OPCAB) is a popular treatment for patients with ischemic heart disease, especially for high-risk patients. However, whether OPCAB can lead to better clinical outcomes than on-pump coronary artery bypass grafting (ONCAB) in patients with enlarged ventricles remains controversial. This prospective randomized study was designed to characterize comparison of early clinical outcome and mid-term follow-up following ONCAB versus OPCAB in patients with triple-vessel disease and enlarged ventricles. DESIGN AND SETINGS: Prospective randomized trial of patients treated at The First Affiliated Hospital, China Medical University, over a 3-year period (2007-2010). METHODS: A total of 102 patients with triple-vessel disease and enlarged ventricles (end-diastolic dimension >= 6.0 cm) were randomized to OPCAB or ONCAB between July 2007 and December 2010. The in-hospital outcomes were analyzed. The study included a mid-term follow-up, with a mean follow-up time of 49.40 (12.88 months). RESULTS: No significant differences were recorded in the baseline clinical characteristics of ONCAB and OPCAB groups. A statistical difference was found between the two groups at the time of extubation, intensive care unit stay, hospital stay, blood requirements, incidence of intra-aortic balloon pump support, pulmonary complications, stroke, reoperation for bleeding, and inotropic requirements >24 hours (P<.05). The number of anastomoses performed per patient, the incidence of postoperative ventricular arrhythmia, myocardial infarction, new-onset atrial fibrillation, hemodialysis, infective complications, recurrent angina, and percutaneous reintervention were similar between the 2 groups (P>.05). The left ventricular end-diastolic dimension was significantly smaller at 6 months' follow-up in the 2 groups than it was before operation (<.05). No differences in hospital mortality and mid-term mortality between OPCAB and ONCAB groups were found. During the follow-up, no patient in either group had undergone repeat coronary artery bypass grafting. CONCLUSION: No differences in early and mid-term mortality were found between OPCAB and ONCAB in patients with triple-vessel disease and enlarged ventricles. However, OPCAB seems to have a beneficial effect on postoperative complications.
THE ECONOMIC-IMPACT OF STROKE; Estimates of the total cost of stroke in the United States vary widely, ranging from annual health care expenses of $15 billion to $30 billion when the patients' lost wages are included. As a result of increasingly shorter acute hospitalizations under the DRG-based Prospective Payment System, medical costs paid by Medicare have stabilized. Data from Medicare show that people over age 64 years account for 87% of all deaths and 74% of all hospitalizations for cerebrovascular disease. Data through 1986 indicate that cost-containment measures did not appear to affect outcomes negatively or lead to more complications that would likely add to the cost of hospital care. Shorter inpatient rehabilitation stays are also a product of Medicare reimbursements and of capitated care. The mean cost across regions of the United States for inpatient rehabilitation is three to four times that of an acute hospital stay; however, only a minority of stroke survivors receive this level of care. The greater availability of nursing homes and a decline in age-adjusted death rates that might leave more patients disabled could raise some costs, whereas more widespread management of risk factors might decrease stroke rates and the severity of disability.
Predictors of low cardiac output syndrome after isolated aortic valve surgery; Background-Low cardiac output syndrome (LCOS), defined as the need for postoperative intraaortic balloon pump or inotropic support for >30 minutes in the intensive care unit, remains a relatively common complication of aortic valve (AV) surgery. The aim of this study is to identify the preoperative predictors of LCOS in patients undergoing isolated AV surgery. Methods and Results-We conducted a retrospective review of data prospectively entered into an institutional database. Between 1990 and 2003, 2255 patients underwent isolated AV surgery with no other concomitant cardiac surgery. The independent predictors of LCOS and operative mortality (OM) were determined by stepwise logistic regression analysis. The overall prevalence of LCOS was 3.9%. The independent predictors of LCOS were (odds ratio in parentheses) renal failure (5.0), earlier year of operation (4.4), left ventricular ejection fraction <40% (3.6), shock (3.2), female gender (2.8), and increasing age (1.02). Overall OM was 2.9%. The OM was higher in patients who experienced LCOS (38% versus 1.5%; P<0.001). The independent predictors of mortality were (odds ratio in parentheses) preoperative renal failure (8.3), urgency of surgery (3.4), previous stroke (2.9), congestive heart failure (2.6), previous cardiac surgery (2.3), hypertension (1.7), and small AV size (1.3). Conclusions-Low-output syndrome is associated with significantly increased morbidity and mortality. Novel strategies to preserve renal function, optimization of preexisting heart failure symptoms, and avoidance of prosthesis-patient mismatch may reduce the incidence of LCOS and lead to improved results after AV surgery.
Testing devices for the prevention and treatment of stroke and its complications; We are entering a challenging but exciting period when many new interventions may appear for stroke based on the use of devices. Hopefully these will lead to improved outcomes at a cost that can be afforded in most parts of the world. Nevertheless, it is vital that lessons are learnt from failures in the development of pharmacological interventions (and from some early device studies), including inadequate preclinical testing, suboptimal trial design and analysis, and underpowered studies. The device industry is far more disparate than that seen for pharmaceuticals; companies are very variable in size and experience in stroke, and are developing interventions across a wide range of stroke treatment and prevention. It is vital that companies work together where sales and marketing are not involved, including in understanding basic stroke mechanisms, prospective systematic reviews, and education of physicians. Where possible, industry and academics should also work closely together to ensure trials are designed to be relevant to patient care and outcomes. Additionally, regulation of the device industry lags behind that for pharmaceuticals, and it is critical that new interventions are shown to be safe and effective rather than just feasible. Phase IV post-marketing surveillance studies will also be needed to ensure that devices are safe when used in the 'real-world' and to pick up uncommon adverse events.
Overweight and cognition; There is a growing concern among health authorities that an increasing number of people in the Western world become overweight and even obese. It is well known that obesity is related to several diseases (e.g., diabetes, stroke, and high blood pressure) and that such diseases related to obesity lead to early death. It has also been discussed whether overweight and obesity in themselves or in relation to such diseases lead to cognitive decline. On the basis of data from a large, population-based, prospective study we examined three cognitive domains: episodic memory, semantic memory, and spatial ability. Two body measures were used to define normal weight and overweight, body-mass index and waist/hip ratio. Although these two body measures reveal quite different prevalence data of overweight, the associations between overweight and cognition are similar. For episodic memory, overweight interacts with age, but when controlling for hypertension, stroke and diabetes, this interaction disappears. For semantic memory, normal weight participants outperform overweight participants even after controlling for these diseases. For spatial ability, the well-established advantage for men holds for young-old and old-old normal-weight participants. For overweight participants, this advantage holds for middle-age participants only. We conclude that there is a weight-cognition relationship even after controlling for obesity-related diseases. The results are discussed in terms of possible biological mechanisms.
Long-term outcome of cardiac function in a population-based cohort of breast cancer survivors: A cross-sectional study; Background: Chemotherapy and radiotherapy for breast cancer may lead to cardiac dysfunction, but the prevalence of long-term echocardiographic evidence of cardiac dysfunction is unknown among survivors. Methods: In a cross-sectional study in primary care, we included 350 women who survived breast cancer for at least 5 years after diagnosis (treated with chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy) and 350 matched women (age and primary care physician). The primary outcome was cardiac dysfunction, defined as a left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) < 54% and an age-corrected decreased left ventricular (LV) diastolic function. Secondary outcomes included serum N-terminal pro B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) levels, newly diagnosed cardiovascular diseases and cardiovascular medication. Results: The median age at diagnosis was 63 (interquartile range (IQR) 57-68) years for the breast cancer survivors. Median follow-up after diagnosis was 10 (IQR 7-14) years. LVEF < 54% was present in 52 (15.3%) survivors and 24 (7%) controls (OR 2.4, 95% CI 1.4-4.0), but there was no significant increased prevalence of either LVEF < 50% or LV diastolic dysfunction. Serum NT-proBNP levels were increased, cardiovascular disease was more frequently diagnosed and cardiovascular medication use was more frequent among survivors compared with controls. These associations remained after adjustment for relevant covariates at diagnosis and at follow-up. Conclusions: In the long term, breast cancer survivors are at increased risk of mild LV systolic dysfunction, increased NT-proBNP levels, and cardiovascular disease compared with matched controls, even after adjustment for cardiovascular risk factors. Previous breast cancer treatment with chemotherapy, radiotherapy or both should be considered when assessing a patient's cardiovascular risk profile. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Myocardial ischemia and cytokine response are associated with subsequent onset of infections after noncardiac surgery; Postoperative myocardial ischemia (POMI) is prevalent among patients after major noncardiac surgery. Surgery, as well as POMI, may modulate the immune system, potentially worsening patient outcome. We sought to investigate the modulation of soluble interleukin(IL)-6 and IL-10 by POMI and its association with increased postoperative infection rates. Two-hundred-three patients undergoing elective major abdominal, vascular, and orthopedic surgery participated in this prospective observational study. Perioperative management was standardized. Hemodynamic variables were kept within 20% of baseline. POMI was assessed by Holter electrocardiography starting at least 8 h before the induction of anesthesia and continued until 96 h after surgery. Twelve-lead electrocardiograms, cardiac enzymes, and immune variables were obtained at the time of admission to the hospital, before surgery, before the induction of anesthesia, after surgery, at the time of admission to the intensive care unit, and 6, 12, 18, 24, 36, 48, 72, 96, 120, 144, and 168 h after surgery. Infections were diagnosed according to the Centers for Disease Control criteria. The incidence of PONE was 27%, and the majority of cases (76%) occurred within the first 24 h after surgery. IL-6 and IL-10 levels significantly increased during surgery but did not differ between the POMI and Non-POMI groups. However, in the subset of patients who developed severe infections or sepsis (n = 47) a median of 3 days (range, 1-8 days) after surgery, the intraoperative increases of IL-6 and IL-10 in the POMI group were, respectively, 3 and 10 times higher compared with the increase in the Non-POMI group. By using a multifactorial analysis in these patients with severe infections, the type of surgical trauma was associated with an increased IL-6 response, whereas the increase in IL-10 was attributed to POMI. These findings suggest that immediate cytokine responses due to POMI and type of surgery might be relevant for the later onset of severe infections and sepsis.
Chemotherapy and cerebrovascular disease; Cerebrovascular disease is common in cancer patients. Some tumors are at high risk for cerebrovascular complications. The development of cerebrovascular disease may be provoked by cancer treatment. No well-planned prospective studies about other causes of thrombosis are available, although various case reports about thrombosis related to chemotherapy have been published. L-asparaginase, cisplatin, 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and methotrexate are anticancer agents which are reported to relate to stroke. The mechanisms by which antineoplastic agents may lead to stroke include endothelium toxicity and abnormalities of coagulation factors. Also, brain hemorrhages that could result from chemotherapy effects on the hemostatic system were reported. Besides, it is difficult to determine whether stroke is caused by chemotherapy or cancer itself Clinicians deal not only with problems originating from cancer itself but also with the complications resulting from its treatment. Treatment-induced cerebrovascular disorders affect quality of life and survival in cancer patients. For this reason, cancer treatment should be planned by taking into consideration the possibility of cerebrovascular complications.
Prevalence and Risk Factors of Embolic Cerebrovascular Events Associated With Chagas Heart Disease; Background: Patients with Chagas disease are at increased risk for stroke that may result in major clinical disability and death. Identification of risk factors involved in the genesis of thromboembolic events related to this disease may lead to improved therapeutic decision making and outcomes. Objectives: This study sought to assess the prevalence of ischemic cerebrovascular events (ICE) among patients with Chagas heart disease and to identify the risk factors associated with cardioembolism in this population. Methods: This study involved 330 patients, 193 were men (58%), with a mean age of 49 +/- 12 years with Chagas disease classified in the chronic cardiac form of the disease. Comprehensive echocardiography was performed to search a substrate for cardioembolic events, especially apical aneurysm and intracavitary thrombus. Results: Most of the patients were classified as New York Heart Association classes I or II (75%) with mean left ventricular (LV) ejection fraction of 39 +/- 14%. Sixty-seven patients had a previous ICE with the overall prevalence of 20%. Apical aneurysms were detected in 128 patients (39%), whereas LV mural thrombi were found in 48 patients (15%). In multivariate analysis including the potential predictors of ICE, apical aneurysm (adjusted odds ratio [OR]: 2.19, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.11 to 4.34; p = 0.024) and LV thrombus (adjusted OR: 2.43, 95% CI: 1.09 to 5.42; p = 0.030) emerged as important determinants of ICE, after adjusting for anticoagulation therapy. Conclusions: In a selected population referred to a tertiary center for Chagas disease that included patients with different severities of cardiac involvement, the prevalence of ICE was 20%. The presence of apical aneurysm and intracavitary thrombus were independently associated with ICE, after adjustment for other risk factors for stroke.
The association of serum long-chain <i>n</i>-3 PUFA and hair mercury with exercise cardiac power in men; Long-chain n-3 PUFA from fish and exercise capacity are associated with CVD risk. Fish, especially large and old predatory fish, may contain Hg, which may attenuate the inverse association of long-chain n-3 PUFA with CVD. However, the associations of long-chain n-3 PUFA or Hg exposure with exercise capacity are not well known. We aimed to evaluate the associations of serum long-chain n-3 PUFA EPA, docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) and DHA and hair Hg with exercise cardiac power (ECP, a ratio of VO2max:maximal systolic blood pressure (SBP) during an exercise test), a measure for exercise capacity. For this, data from the population-based Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study were analysed cross-sectionally in order to determine the associations between serum long-chain n-3 PUFA, hair Hg and ECP in 1672 men without CVD, aged 42-60 years. After multivariate adjustments, serum total long-chain n-3 PUFA concentration was associated with higher ECP and VO2max (P-trend across quartiles = 0.04 and P-trend = 0.02, respectively), but not with maximal SBP (P-trend = 0.69). Associations were generally similar when EPA, DPA and DHA were evaluated individually. Hair Hg was not associated with ECP, VO2max or maximal SBP. However, the associations of total long-chain n-3 PUFA (P-interaction = 0.03) and EPA (P-interaction = 0.02) with higher VO2max were stronger among men with lower hair Hg. Higher serum long-chain n-3 PUFA concentration, mainly a marker for fish consumption in this study population, was associated with higher ECP and VO2max in middle-aged men from eastern Finland.
Age at Natural Menopause and Risk of Ischemic Stroke The Framingham Heart Study; Background and Purpose-Women have increased lifetime stroke risk and more disabling strokes compared with men. Insights into the association between menopause and stroke could lead to new prevention strategies for women. The objective of this study was to examine the association of age at natural menopause with ischemic stroke risk in the Framingham Heart Study. Methods-Participants, included women who survived stroke-free until age 60, experienced natural menopause, did not use estrogen before menopause, and who had complete data (n=1430). Participants were followed until first ischemic stroke, death, or end of follow-up (2006). Age at natural menopause was self-reported. Cox proportional hazards models were used to examine the association between age at natural menopause (<42, 42 to 54, >= 55) and ischemic stroke risk adjusted for age, systolic blood pressure, atrial fibrillation, diabetes, current smoking, cardiovascular disease and estrogen use. Results-There were 234 ischemic strokes identified. Average age at menopause was 49 years (SD=4). Women with menopause at ages 42 to 54 (hazard ratio=0.50; 95% CI: 0.29 to 0.89) and at ages >= 55 (hazard ratio=0.31; 95% CI: 0.13 to 0.76) had lower stroke risk compared with those with menopause <42 years adjusted for covariates. Women with menopause before age 42 had twice the stroke risk compared to all other women (hazard ratio=2.03; 95% CI: 1.16 to 3.56). Conclusion-In this prospective study, age at natural menopause before age 42 was associated with increased ischemic stroke risk. Future stroke studies with measures of endogenous hormones are needed to inform the underlying mechanisms so that novel prevention strategies for midlife women can be considered. (Stroke. 2009;40:1044-1049.)
Influence of periodic leg movements in sleep on stroke outcome; Destructive lesions, as cerebrovascular diseases, have been shown to lead to the development of periodic leg movements in sleep (PLMS), secondary to the loss of cortical or subcortical inhibition exerting on the brainstem generators. We designed a prospective study to investigate the association of PLMS with a clinical outcome in 24 patients with acute ischemic cerebrovascular diseases. The medical history of patients and risk factors of ischemic stroke were questioned. A whole-night polysomnographic (PSG) recording was performed; detailed PSG data including PLM index and PLM-arousal index were analyzed. Stroke outcome was assessed at 3 weeks and 3 months by the National Institute of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) and Barthel Scale (BS). The results of NIHSS and BS were correlated with demographic parameters and PSG parameters including PLMS data. However, none of them showed a significant correlation with clinical parameters. The delta change in outcome measures was correlated with the PLMS index, which was also not significantly different at the subacute or chronic phase. On the other hand, the correlation between delta changes in mean NIHSS and BS with mean arousal-associated PLMS index showed a borderline significance at the subacute stage, and significant correlation was observed at the chronic phase. Increased sympathetic activation secondary to RLS or arousal reactions following PLMS have been suggested as the underlying pathophysiology of cardiovascular complications. PLMS, particularly with accompanying autonomic arousal, may therefore be a risk factor for stroke, and display a negative influence on stroke outcome.
Prediction of coronary artery plaque progression and potential rupture from 320-detector row prospectively ECG-gated single heart beat CT angiography: Lattice Boltzmann evaluation of endothelial shear stress; Advances in MDCT will extend coronary CTA beyond the morphology data provided by systems that use 64 or fewer detector rows. Newer coronary CTA technology such as prospective ECG-gating will also enable lower dose examinations. Since the current standard of care for coronary diagnoses is catheterization, CT will continue to be benchmarked against catheterization reference points, in particular temporal resolution, spatial resolution, radiation dose, and volume coverage. This article focuses on single heart beat cardiac acquisitions enabled by 320-detector row CT. Imaging with this system can now be performed with patient radiation doses comparable to catheterization. The high image quality, excellent contrast opacification, and absence of stair-step artifact provide the potential to evaluate endothelial shear stress (ESS) noninvasively with CT. Low ESS is known to lead to the development and progression of atherosclerotic plaque culminating in high-risk vulnerable plaque likely to rupture and cause an acute coronary event. The magnitude of local low ESS, in combination with the local remodeling response and the severity of systemic risk factors, determines the natural history of each plaque. This paper describes the steps required to derive an ESS map from 320-detector row CT data using the Lattice Boltzmann method to include the complex geometry of the coronary arterial tree. This approach diminishes the limitations of other computational fluid dynamics methods to properly evaluate multiple coronary arteries, including the complex geometry of coronary bifurcations where lesions tend to develop.
EMS ACTIVATION OF THE CARDIAC CATHETERIZATION LABORATORY IS ASSOCIATED WITH PROCESS IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CARE OF MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION PATIENTS; Introduction. Prior data from our institution suggested that our paramedics can accurately interpret ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) on prehospital 12-lead electrocardiograms (ECGs), and that activation of the cardiac catheterization laboratory by paramedics immediately upon diagnosing STEMI at the scene could potentially decrease door-to-balloon (D2B) times. A "field activation" protocol was thus initiated in May 2010. This study examined D2B times and compliance with the national 90-minute D2B performance benchmark in the first 14 months. Hypothesis. We hypothesized that D2B times would be shorter, and 90-minute compliance better, when the catheterization laboratory was activated by emergency medical services (EMS), compared with when either EMS failed to activate the catheterization laboratory or when the STEMI patient arrived by means other than EMS. Methods. For this prospective, observational study, EMS and hospital data were reviewed for consecutive STEMI patients at a single hospital between May 2010 and July 2011. Patients were cate-gorized as: 1) EMS field activations, 2) patients transported by EMS without EMS catheterization laboratory activation (e. g., ambulance from outside our area, paramedic missed STEMI/protocol violation), or 3) walk-in STEMI patient. Data were manipulated in Excel, means with standard deviations (SDs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were determined, and analysis of variance (ANOVA) with Dunnett's correction was used to compare groups. Results. There were 38 EMS field activations, 47 nonactivation EMS STEMI arrivals, and 28 walk-in STEMI patients. The mean (+/- SD) D2B times were 37 (+/- 17), 87 (+/- 40), and 80 (+/- 23) minutes, respectively. D2B time was better for the EMS field activations than for either nonactivation EMS transports (difference of means 35.3 min, 95% CI 22.3-48.3 min, p < 0.001) or walk-in patients (difference of means 37.0 min, 95% CI 21.8-52.2 min, p < 0.001). Compliance with the 90-minute D2B benchmark was 100%, 72%, and 68%, respectively, and was better for the EMS field activations than for either of the other groups (p < 0.001). Conclusions. In the system studied, EMS field activation of the catheterization laboratory for patients with STEMI is associated with shorter D2B times and better compliance with 90-minute benchmarks than ED activation for either walk-in STEMI patients or STEMI patients arriving by EMS without field activation. Improvements are needed in compliance with the field activation protocol to maximize these benefits.
Resting heart rate and cause-specific death in a 16.5-year cohort study of the Japanese general population; Background Several prospective studies have reported resting heart rate (HR) to be a risk factor for certain cause-specific death, together with sex- or age-specific differences in the effects of HR on death. However, there have been few prospective data from non-Western populations. Methods Cohort study, over 16.5 years to date of death or end of follow-up (November 15, 1998) involving 8800 men and women greater than or equal to30 years of age randomly selected throughout Japan, who participated in the National Survey on Circulatory Disorders in 1980. Resting HR was determined from 3 consecutive intervals between R waves on the 12-lead electrocardiogram. Results For middle-aged men (30 to 59 years of age), in the highest quartile of HR, there was a significant positive association with cardiovascular (RR, 2.55; 95% CI, 1.22 to 5.31) and all-cause death (RR, 1.45; 95% CI, 1.06 to 2.00). For middle-aged women, in the highest quartile, there was a significant positive association with noncancer, noncardiovascular (RR, 2.41; 95% CI, 1.04 to 5.59), and all-cause death (RR, 1.94; 95% CI, 1.26 to 3.01). Resting HR also showed a significant positive association with cardiac events but not to stroke. These relations were not evident for elderly subjects (greater than or equal to60 years of age). Results were not affected when deaths within the first 5 years of follow-up were excluded, except for noncancer, noncardiovascular death. Conclusions High resting HR is an independent predictor of long-term death in the Japanese general population.
Virtual reality-based prospective memory training program for people with acquired brain injury; Acquired brain injuries (ABI) may display cognitive impairments and lead to long-term disabilities including prospective memory (PM) failure. Prospective memory serves to remember to execute an intended action in the future. PM problems would be a challenge to an ABI patient's successful community reintegration. While retrospective memory (RM) has been extensively studied, treatment programs for prospective memory are rarely reported. The development of a treatment program for PM, which is considered timely, can be cost-effective and appropriate to the patient's environment. A 12-session virtual reality (VR)-based cognitive rehabilitation program was developed using everyday PM activities as training content. 37 subjects were recruited to participate in a pretest-posttest control experimental study to evaluate its treatment effectiveness. Results suggest that significantly better changes were seen in both VR-based and real-life PM outcome measures, related cognitive attributes such as frontal lobe functions and semantic fluency. VR-based training may be well accepted by ABI patients as encouraging improvement has been shown. Large-scale studies of a virtual reality-based prospective memory (VRPM) training program are indicated.
A resident boot camp for reducing door-to-needle times at academic medical centers; Background: We sought to determine if a structured educational program for neurology residents can lower door-to-needle (DTN) times at an academic institution. Methods: A neurology resident educational stroke boot camp was developed and implemented in April 2013. Using a prospective database of 170 consecutive acute ischemic stroke (AIS) patients treated with IV tissue plasminogen activator (tPA) in our emergency department (ED), we evaluated the effect of the intervention on DTN times. We compared DTN times and other process measures preintervention and postintervention. p Values, 0.05 were considered significant. Results: The proportion of AIS patients treated with tPA within 60 minutes of arrival to our ED tripled from 18.1% preintervention to 61.2% postintervention (p, 0.001) with concomitant reduction in DTN time (median 79 minutes vs 58 minutes, p, 0.001). The resident-delegated task (stroke code to tPA) was reduced (75 minutes vs 44 minutes, p < 0.001), while there was no difference in ED-delegated tasks (door to stroke code [7 minutes vs 6 minutes, p = 0.631], door to CT [18 minutes in both groups, p 5 0.547]). There was an increase in stroke mimics treated (6.9% vs 18.4%, p = 0.031), which did not lead to an increase in adverse outcomes. Conclusions: DTN times were reduced after the implementation of a stroke boot camp and were driven primarily by efficient resident stroke code management. Educational programs should be developed for health care providers involved in acute stroke patient care to improve rapid access to IV tPA at academic institutions.
Are predictors of coronary heart disease and lower-extremity arterial disease in type I diabetes the same? A prospective study; In the Type 1 diabetes population, coronary heart disease (CHD) and lower-extremity arterial disease (LEAD) are the two common macrovascular complications leading to early mortality and morbidity. However, it is not clear if these two complications share the same risk factors. The Pittsburgh Epidemiology of Diabetes Complications (EDC) Study prospectively examined and compared the risk factors for LEAD and CHD (including CHD morbidity and mortality). EDC subjects (332 men and 325 women), all diagnosed at Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh between 1950 and 1980, were first examined at baseline (1986-1988), and then biennially, for diabetes complications and their risk factors. Data used in the current analysis were from the first 6 years of follow-up, 98% provided at least some follow-up data for these analyses. CHD was defined as the presence of angina (diagnosed by the EDC examining physician) or a history of confirmed myocardial infarction or CHD death. An ankle-to-arm ratio of less than 0.9 at rest was considered to be evidence of LEAD. Among 635 subjects without CHD at baseline, 57 developed CHD (1.69/100 person-years), and among 579 without LEAD at baseline, 70 developed LEAD (2.31/100 person-years). CHD incidence rate was slightly higher in males, while LEAD incidence rate was slightly higher in females. Compared to non-incident cases, subjects who developed either complication were older, had a longer diabetes duration, higher LDL and total cholesterol, and were more likely to be hypertensive. In multivariate analyses, hypertension, low HDL cholesterol level, high white cell count, depression, and nephropathy were the independent risk factors for CHD (including morbidity and mortality). For LEAD, higher HbAl level, higher LDL cholesterol lever and smoking were the important contributing factors. In conclusion, the risk factor patterns differ between the two vascular complications. Glycemic control does not predict CHD overall but does predict LEAD, while hypertension and inflammatory markers are more closely related to CHD than to LEAD. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dosage Calculation for Intravenous Thrombolysis of Ischemic Stroke: To Weigh or to Estimate?; Background: Estimation is a widely used method of assessing the weight of patients with acute stroke. Because the dosage of tissue plasminogen activator (tPA) is weight-dependent, errors in estimation lead to incorrect dosing. Methods: We installed a ground-level scale in the computed tomography (CT) suite of our hospital and also integrated a scale into the CT table of our Mobile Stroke Unit in order to prospectively assess the differences between reported, estimated, and measured weights of acute stroke patients. An independent rater asked patients to report their weight. The patients' weights were also estimated by the treating physician and measured with a scale. Differences between reported, estimated, and measured weights were analyzed statistically. Results: For 100 consecutive patients, weighing was possible without treatment delays. Weights estimated by the physician diverged from measured weights by 10% or more for 27 patients and by 20% or more for 6 patients. Weights reported by the patient diverged from measured weights by 10% or more for 12 patients. Weights reported by the patients differed significantly less from measured weights (mean, 4.1 +/- 3.1 kg) than did weights estimated by the physician (5.7 +/- 4.4 kg; p = 0.003). Conclusion: This first prospective study of weight assessment in acute stroke shows that the use of an easily accessible scale makes it feasible to weigh patients with acute stroke without the treatment delay associated with additional patient transfers. Physicians' estimates of patients' weights demonstrated substantial aberrations from measured weights. Avoiding these deviations would improve the accuracy of tPA dosage. (C) 2017 The Author(s) Published by S. Karger AG, Basel
High diastolic blood pressure is a risk factor for in-hospital mortality in complete MCA stroke patients; Complete middle cerebral artery (MCA) stroke is a life-threatening condition, which can lead to death in the form of "malignant MCA syndrome"; characterized by massive brain edema and cerebral herniation. Moreover, patients with complete MCA infarct have high mortality due to complications. The aim of this study was to evaluate the clinical predictors of in-hospital mortality in patients with complete MCA stroke. Consecutive patients with complete MCA stroke were enrolled in a prospective single center in-hospital outcome study having mortality as its end point. Among 780 ischemic stroke patients, 125 had complete MCA strokes (16%) and 44 (35.2%) of these died in hospital. A high NIHSS-score (OR 1.17 95%CI 1.03-1.34, P = 0.013) and high diastolic blood pressure on admission (OR 1.05 95%CI 1.01-1.09) resulted being independent predictors of in-hospital mortality in patients with complete MCA stroke. The median value of diastolic blood pressure at admission was 90 mmHg in patients who died and 80 mmHg in survivors (P = 0.01). The risk of death increased by 5% for each mmHg increase in diastolic blood pressure on admission after adjusting for other risk factors. The rate of mortality was 22% in patients with diastolic blood pressure lower than 90 mmHg, 56% for those with diastolic blood pressure between 90 and 109 mmHg and 67% for those with diastolic blood pressure higher than 110 mmHg. This study suggests that high diastolic blood pressure on admission in acute MCA stroke patients is linearly correlated with in-hospital mortality.
Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and hypertension treatment intensification: a population-based cohort study; Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are known to antagonize the effects of antihypertensive drugs, and these associations can lead to an increase in arterial blood pressure. However, the impact of NSAIDs on hypertension treatment management in large-scale populations remains poorly evaluated. We examined whether the introduction of NSAID into the treatment regimen would induce an intensification of hypertension treatment (defined as the introduction of a new antihypertensive drug). We conducted a cohort study involving 5,710 hypertensive subjects included in the French health insurance system database who had been treated and stabilized with their antihypertensive therapy and not exposed to any NSAID between 1 April 2005 and 1 April 2006. The maximum follow-up duration was 4 years. Adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for hypertension treatment intensification were 1.34 [95 % confidence interval (CI) 1.05-1.71] for NSAIDs in general, 1.79 (95 % CI 1.15-2.78) for diclofenac and 2.02 (95 % CI:1.09-3.77) for piroxicam. There were significant interactions between NSAIDs and angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEIs; HR 4.09, 95 % CI 2.02-8.27) or angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs; HR 3.62, 95 % CI 1.80-7.31), but not with other antihypertensive drugs. Exposure to NSAIDs leads to an intensification of hypertension treatment, especially in patients treated with ACEIs or ARBs. Renin-angiotensin system blockers should be avoided whenever NSAIDs are prescribed.
Study of polypharmacy and associated problems among elderly patients; The study aims at the assessment of prescribing pattern for elderly patients, since they are more prone to prescription of multiple medications. The prescription of multiple medications leads to polypharmacy, more adverse drug reactions and non-adherence to treatment. The study was conducted on OPD basis in a rural health centre for a period of six months. Information pertaining to the age, sex, religion, monthly income, education level, any previous illnesses, or any chronic diseases, any drug treatment, adherence to the treatment, and self medication or non-allopathic treatment was collected. The study included 310 elderly patients, among which 51.9% were males and 48.1% were females. The prevalence of polypharmacy was 25.20%, more among elderly men (26.10%) than women (24.20%), the odds ratio (OR) was 1.11. The major fraction 35.81% of the patients was in the age group of 60-64 years. Only 59.3% were literate. 64.41% belonged to lower socioeconomic status. The cardiovascular diseases 139 (44.83 %) followed by arthritis 121 (39.03%), and diabetes 58 (18.71%) were the most common ailments. Antihypertensive drugs were prescribed in 26.13%, analgesics/antipyretics in 19.68%, and antidiabetic drugs in 18.71%. Non-adherence to therapy was seen in 49.68%. Self medication habits were seen in 23.90% patients, who most commonly used analgesics/antipyretics and antacids/anti-ulcer drugs. Polypharmacy is very common among elderly and interventions to improve the optimal use of medication in elderly could lead to reduction in the problems associated with polypharmacy.
Signal-averaged isoharmonic body surface maps of patients with ischemic cardiomyopathy; Signal-Averaged Body Surface Maps. Introduction: Prevention of sudden arrhythmic cardiac death depends on accurate identification of individuals at high risk. Previous studies of signals recorded directly from arrhythmogenic tissue suggested that the predictive value of the signal-averaged ECG could be enhanced by expanded temporal, spectral, and spatial analysis. Accordingly, we performed a prospective study of 192-lead signal-averaged body surface maps from 43 patients with ischemic cardiomyopathy referred for electrophysiologic study. Three groups were included: 15 patients with clinical ventricular tachycardia (VT), 12 patients with inducible VT, and 16 patients with non-VT. Methods and Results: The patients were well matched with regard to age, gender, infarct location, ejection fraction (28% +/- 9%), QRS duration, and incidence of nonsustained VT (96%). Isoharmonic maps of the entire cardiac cycle were constructed for each patient. The peaks of the 1-7 Hz isoharmonic maps distinguished patients with clinical VT from non-VT and inducible VT patients (1,152 +/- 273, 852 +/- 283, and 808 +/- 272, respectively; P = 0.003). After prospective observation for 22 +/- 16 months, the combined endpoint of spontaneous sustained VT, ventricular fibrillation, appropriate defibrillator therapy, and death was predicted by inducibility of VT (relative risk 3.8, P = 0.008) and by the signal-averaged isoharmonic body surface map (relative risk 3.1, P = 0.02), Conclusion: These results confirm the diagnostic utility of signal-averaged isoharmonic body surface maps in a rigorously defined patient population.
Low Incidence of Atrial Fibrillation in Patients with Transient Ischemic Attack; Background: Atrial fibrillation (AF) is a major cause of stroke. Therefore, all patients with ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA) should be examined with 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) and continuous monitoring to detect AF. Current guidelines recommend at least 24 h continuous ECG monitoring, which is primarily based on studies investigating patients with ischemic stroke. The aim of our study was to investigate the diagnostic yield of 12-lead ECG and Holter monitoring in patients with TIA. Methods: We retrospectively investigated all patients diagnosed with TIA at Odense University Hospital, Denmark, from January 1, 2014 to December 31, 2014. TIA was a clinical diagnosis according to the WHO definition. Patients received admission ECG and 72-hour Holter monitoring after discharge. Results: 171 patients without known AF were diagnosed with TIA. Four (2.3%) were diagnosed with AF on admission ECG. Another 2 (1.2%) were diagnosed with AF on Holter monitoring. In total, 6 patients (3.5%) were diagnosed with AF. Patients with AF were significantly older (mean age 79.4 [95% CI 65.1-93.6] years) than patients without AF (mean age 67.6 [95% CI 65.6-69.5] years) but otherwise showed no difference in baseline characteristics. Conclusion: In this retrospective study, patients with TIA had a low incidence of AF detected with ECG and 72-hour Holter monitoring. Prospective studies are needed to confirm these findings. (C) 2016 The Author(s) Published by S. Karger AG, Basel
Prevalence of the Musculoskeletal Pain Syndrome and Its Associated Factors in People Between 15 and 80 Years in Kerman: A Population-based Study on 1700 Individuals; Background: Musculoskeletal pain syndromes (MSPSs) are of the most common disorders in modern societies. Lack of early diagnosis and treatment of this syndrome may lead to significant disabilities later in life. Objectives: Due to shortage of information regarding the prevalence and related factors of MSPS in the south-east of Iran, this study aimed at determining MSPS and its relation to demographic variables and underlying diseases such as diabetes and hypertension in this area. Methods: This across sectional population-based study was conducted on 1700 individuals (15 - 80 years), who participated in the second phase of Kerman coronary artery disease risk factor study (KERCADRs), in Kerman, Iran, in 2016. A questionnaire containing demographic information, opium use, smoking and MSPS was completed. Blood pressure, fasting blood glucose and lipid levels were also measured. Results: From a total of 1700 participants, 41.6% were males and 58.4% were females. Themeanage of the participants was 47.8 years. The overall prevalence of MSPS was 65.5% that was more prevalent in women and increased with advancing age approaching the highest prevalence in the group above 75 years (78.4%) (adjusted odds ratio, AOR > 1.6). The prevalence increased with diabetes (AOR 1.5), overweight and obesity (OR 1.6, 2.2), and depression and anxiety (AOR 1.5, 2.3). In multivariate analysis, MSPS had no relationship with smoking, opium consumption, hypertension, level of education and dyslipidemia. Conclusions: Overall, more than 65% of the population over 15 years in Kerman suffer from MSPSs. If the rate of such complications is not reduced, this can exert heavy health-care costs on the Iranian health system given the existing trend of increase in the age and age-related diseases in the population.
Bioactive Compounds: Historical Perspectives, Opportunities, and Challenges; Mom's conventional wisdom of eating fruits and vegetables to lead a healthy life has evolved with scientific, fact-finding research during the past four decades clue to advances in science of "Foods for Health". Epidemiological and prospective studies have demonstrated the vital role of fruits, vegetables, and nuts in reducing the risk of cancer and cardiovascular diseases. In recent years, several meta-analyses strongly suggested that by adding one serving of fruits and vegetables to daily diet, the risk of cardiovascular diseases will be decreased up to 7%. The multidisciplinary and partnership efforts of agriculture and medical scientists across the globe stimulated interest in establishing certain interdisciplinary centers and institutes focusing on "Foods for Health". While the consumption of various healthy foods continues, several questions about toxicity, bioavailability, and food-drug interactions of bioactive compounds are yet to be fully understood on the basis of scientific evidence. Recent research on elucidation of the molecular mechanisms to understand the "proof of the concept" will provide the perfect answer when consumers are ready for a "consumer-to-farm" rather than the current "farm-to-consumer" approach. The multidisciplinary research and educational efforts will address the role of healthy foods to improve eye, brain, and heart health while reducing the risk of cancer. Through this connection, this review is an attempt to provide insight and historical perspectives on some of the bioactive compounds from the day of discovery to their current status. The bioactive compounds discussed in this review are flavonoids, carotenoids, curcumin, ascorbic acid, and citrus limonoids.
Polygenic risk score predicts prevalence of cardiovascular disease in patients with familial hypercholesterolemia; BACKGROUND: Although familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) is a severe monogenic disease, it has been shown that clinical risk factors and common genetic variants can modify cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to evaluate the polygenic contribution to lipid traits and CVD in FH using genetic risk scores (GRSs). METHODS: Among the 20,434 subjects attending the lipid clinic, we identified and included 725 individuals who carried an FH causing mutation in this retrospective cohort study. We evaluated the association of GRSs for several traits including coronary artery disease (CAD; GRS(CAD)) as well as plasma concentrations of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C; GRS(LDL-C)), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (GRS(HDL-C)) and triglycerides (GRS(TG)). RESULTS: A total of 32% (n = 231) of FH subjects presented a CVD event before their first visit. Patients in the highest GRS(LDL-C) tertile presented an LDL-C 0.4 mmol/L (15.5 mg/dL) higher than the subjects in the lowest tertile (P =.01). The GRS(CAD) was strongly associated with CVD events (odds ratio 1.80; 95% confidence interval 1.14-2.85; P =.01) even after adjustment for cardiovascular risk factors. Compared with subjects in the first tertile, those in the third GRScAD tertile had a significantly higher prevalence of events (40.9% vs 24.7%, P <.0001) and a significantly higher number of events (average 0.97 vs 0.57 [P =.0001] events per individual). CONCLUSION: These results indicate that even in the context of a severe monogenic disease such as FH, common genetic variants can significantly modify the disease phenotype. The use of the 192-SNPs GRS(CAD) may refine CVD risk prediction in FH patients and this could lead to a more personalized approach to therapy. (C) 2017 National Lipid Association. All rights reserved.
Postmenopausal osteoporosis and atheroma; Epidemiological studies have established a significant association between two major health problems, osteoporosis and atheroma, which is independent from age, gender, and other cardiovascular risk factors. Bone loss and the development of calcitic deposits within vessel walls occur concomitantly. Proteins formerly thought to be specific of bone have been identified in atheroma lesions; and associations linking vertebral and proximal femoral fractures to aortic calcifications have been reported. Bone loss may be a marker for the risk of stroke and cardiovascular death. Bone loss may occur as a consequence of ischemia related to vascular disease. Despite numerous published studies, the mechanism underlying the osteoporosis-atheroma association remains controversial. Factors that perpetuate the debate include the often retrospective design of the studies, small sample sizes, and known limitations of absorptiometry as a tool for measuring osteoporosis severity. We reviewed the available clinical, epidemiological, and animal data on the mechanisms underlying the association between osteoporosis and atheroma. The possible effect of osteoporosis medications on the blood vessel wall is discussed. These issues remain a matter of debate, indicating a need for vast prospective studies to look for a causal link between osteoporosis and atheroma. The results of these studies may lead to new treatment strategies. (C) 2006 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Optimal management of combined dyslipidemia: What have we behind statins monotherapy?; Evidence of the effectiveness of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors (statins) within continuum of atherothrombotic conditions and particularly in the treatment and prevention of coronary heart disease (CHD) is well established. Large-scale, randomized, prospective trials involving patients with CHD have shown that statins reduce the clinical consequences of atherosclerosis, including cardiovascular deaths, nonfatal myocardial infarction and stroke, hospitalization for acute coronary syndrome and heart failure, as well as the need for coronary revascularization. Direct testing of varying degrees of low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol lowering has now been carried out in 4 large outcomes trials: PROVE IT-TIMI 22, A to Z, TNT and IDEAL. However, the question whether more aggressive LDL-cholesterol lowering by high-dose statins monotherapy is an appropriate strategy is still open: higher doses of statins are more effective mainly for the prevention of the nonfatal cardiovascular events but such doses are associated with an increase in hepatotoxicity, myopathy and concerns regarding noncardiovascular death. Moreover, despite the increasing use of statins, a significant number of coronary events still occur and many such events take place in patients presenting with type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome. More and more attention is now being paid to combined atherogenic dyslipidemia which typically presented in patients with type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome. This mixed dyslipidemia (or 'lipid quartet') - hypertriglyceridemia, low high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol levels, a preponderance of small, dense LDL particles and an accumulation of cholesterol-rich remnant particles - emerged as the greatest 'competitor' of LDL-cholesterol among lipid risk factors for cardiovascular disease. Most recent extensions of the fibrates trials (BIP, HHS, VAHIT and FIELD) give further support to the hypothesis that patients with insulin-resistant syndromes such as diabetes and/or metabolic syndrome might be the ones to derive the most benefit from therapy with fibrates. However, different fibrates may have a somewhat different spectrum of effects. Other lipid-modifying strategies included using of niacin, ezetimibe, bile acid sequestrants, CETP inhibitors and omega-3 fatty acids. Particularly, ezetimibe/statins combinations provide superior lipid-modifying benefits compared with any statins monotherapy in patients with atherogenic dyslipidemia. Atherogenic dyslipidemia is associated with increased levels of chylomicrons and their remnants containing 3 main components: apolipoprotein B-48, triglycerides and cholesterol ester of intestinal origin. Reduction in accessibility for one of them (specifically cholesteryl ester lessening due to ezetimibe administration) could lead to a decrease of the entire production of chylomicrons and result in a decrease of the hepatic body triglycerides pool as confirmed in number of clinical studies. However, the ENHANCE study showed no difference in the progression of carotid atherosclerosis between ezetimibe/simvastatin vs. simvastatin alone over a 2-year period. Conclusions regarding ezetimibe/statins combinations should not be made until the three large clinical outcome trials will be completed within the next 2-3 years. In addition, bezafibrate as a pan-PPAR activator has clearly demonstrated beneficial pleiotropic effects related to glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity and pancreatic beta cell protection. Because fibrates, niacin, ezetimibe, omega-3 fatty acids and statins ach regulate serum lipids by different mechanisms, combination therapy - selected on the basis of their safety and effectiveness, could be more helpful in achieving a comprehensive lipid control as compared with statins monotherapy. Copyright (C) 2008 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Use of routine data in rehabilitation calculating a scoring scheme for the risk of acute coronary events; Purpose: The purpose of this retrospective pilot-study was to examine whether risk of acute coronary events within the next 10 years may be assessed by means of retrospective retrieval of clinical routine data. Material and method: Discharge reports of 100 anonymous male patients of an orthopaedic-rheumatological rehabilitation centre were randomly selected from a pool of 1060 reports. For each patient the risk score according to the Prospective Cardiovascular Munster (PROCAM) Study was computed. Missing information on risk factors was replaced by "ideal" scores, i.e. no pathological findings and 0 risk points. Results: Risk factors were not always fully retrievable. Assuming no pathological findings for missing information and thus underestimating the risk, 13% high-risk patients were found. Conclusions: The approach chosen makes sense, as replacing missing information by "ideal" scores may only lead to underestimation of the true risk at the worst. In spite of possible underestimation of the coronary risk, the proportion of high-risk patients in our pilot-study is remarkably high. These preliminary results show that it may be worth while paying special attention to coronary risk also in non-cardiological rehabilitation and that the above scoring scheme may provide useful information in this respect.
Psychological Impact of Surveillance in Patients with a Defibrillator Lead under Advisory: A Prospective Evaluation; Background Implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD) leads are subject to technical failures and the impact of the resulting public advisories on patient welfare is unclear. The psychological status of patients who received an advisory for their Medtronic Fidelis ICD lead (Medtronic Inc., Minneapolis, MN, USA) and followed either by self-surveillance for alarm or home monitoring with CareLink was evaluated prospectively and compared to patients with ICDs not under advisory. Methods One hundred sixty consecutive consenting patients (90 alarms, 24 Carelinks, 46 controls) were recruited within 1.5 years of advisory notification. Advisory patients were seen immediately before being told that the automatic lead surveillance utilized since the advisory had been inadequate in warning of impending fracture, as well as 1 and 6 months after programming was optimized. Depression, anxiety, quality of life (QoL), and ICD-related concerns were assessed. Results Symptoms of depression and state anxiety were experienced by 31% and 48% of patients, respectively. QoL was impaired on all subscales. No significant group differences in distress and ICD-related concerns emerged at baseline or at follow-up. At baseline, alarm patients reported greater limitations because of body pain compared to controls (P < 0.05). All patients showed a significant reduction in body pain-related QoL at the final versus first two evaluations (P < 0.001). Advisory patients were significantly less satisfied with surveillance at follow-up than at baseline (P < 0.05). Conclusions There was limited evidence for worse psychosocial functioning in those at risk for ICD lead fracture, irrespective of surveillance method. However, many control and advisory patients experienced chronic distress for which counseling may prove beneficial.
Antiphospholipid syndrome; The antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) was reported in the early 1980s as the association of thrombosis, recurrent pregnancy loss in the presence of anticardiolipin antibodies (aCL) and/or lupus anticoagulant (LA). Since then, many other clinical manifestations have been associated with aPL. Almost any organ and tissue may be involved in the disease, including the brain, the heart, the kidneys, the placenta and many more. aPL are a heterogeneous group of autoantibodies that are detected by immunoassays and functional coagulation tests. The antigenic targets are negatively charged phospholipids and serum phospholipid-binding proteins. Despite the strong association between aPL and thrombosis, the pathogenic role of aPL in the development of thrombosis has not been fully elucidated. Proposed mechanisms include antibody-mediated interference with coagulation homeostasis, activation of platelets and endothelial cells and a T-cell immune response to serum phospholipid-binding proteins. The mainstay of therapy is anticoagulation, whereas immunosuppression seems to be ineffective. Recommendations for the management of thrombosis in the antiphospholipid antibody syndrome have been based largely on retrospective case series. Several prospective clinical trials are currently underway and their results will probably lead to a more precise therapeutic approach of this problem.
Does varicocele correction lead to normalization of preoperatively elevated mean platelet volume levels?; Introduction: There are several studies on the relationship between increased mean platelet volume (MPV) and varicocele. We investigated the relationship between preoperative and 6-month postoperative MPV values in patients whose varicocele was corrected with surgery. Methods: A total of 282 patients underwent surgery at our urology clinic between December 2011 and December 2013 for primary varicocele. We retrospectively examined the records of 61 patients who came to the 6-month postoperative follow-up. The preoperative varicocele diagnosis was made with physical examination findings and supported with colour Doppler ultrasonography. Results: The varicocele was grade I in 12 patients, grade II in 34 patients and grade III in 11 patients. When the preoperative and 6-month postoperative haemoglobin (Hb), MPV, mean corpuscular volume, platelet, and platelet distribution width (PDW) values were compared, there was a significant decrease in MPV (p = 0.019), and a significant increase in Hb (p < 0.001). A noticeable increase was also present in PDW, but it was not statistically significant (p = 0.058). Conclusion: We found that MPV increased in patients with varicocele and tended to decrease again after the varicocele was surgically corrected. However, we feel larger prospective series are needed.
Meta-analyses or megatrials: same level of proof?; Results of meta-analyses may differ from those of megatrials only because of the bins that could be introduced by a unadequate methodology of some meta-analyses. A meta-analysis must be based on an exhaustive review of the literature - of all studies, those with negative as well as positive results. The quality of a meta-analysis depends on the methodological quality of the studies it analyzes; accordingly they most be selected according to strict methodological inclusion and exclusion criteria, defined a priori. The value of a meta-analysis is that allows a treatment strategy to be assessed in populations more heterogeneous than those in clinical trials. Nonetheless the heterogeneity of protocols of dosing, and of outcome measures con lead to bios of the treatment effect estimation. Different analytic techniques must be used to assess possible publication or selection bios (the so-called "funnel plot" method) and potential sources of heterogeneity (heterogeneity test, meta-regression, etc.). Meta-analyses of individual data make it possible to assess the treatment effect according to patient characteristics. Prospective meta-analyses or those planned before clinical trials can help to limit data heterogeneity by making study protocols less varied (treatment, follow-up, evaluation, etc.).
Abdominal aortic calcification on dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry: Methods of assessment and clinical significance; Abdominal aortic calcification (AAC) can be accurately recognized on lateral spine images intended for vertebral fracture assessment, that are obtained with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). Greater amounts of AAC are common in the older population for whom DXA is routinely done, and have been consistently associated with incident atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) events. AAC has also been associated with incident fractures in some prospective studies, but not in others. However, further research is needed to quantify the extent to which measurement of AAC improves prediction of ASCVD events and its impact on physician and patient ASCVD risk management. Additionally, research to develop better, more precise, automated, quantitative methods of AAC assessment on lateral spine densitometric images will hopefully lead to better prediction of clinical outcomes. In conclusion, although the prime indication for densitometric lateral spine imaging remains vertebral fracture assessment, AAC that is found incidentally on lateral spine images should be reported, so that patients and their health care providers are aware of its presence. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Is exercise testing useful to improve the prediction of coronary events in asymptomatic subjects?; Objective The value of exercise testing (ET) in asymptomatic subjects remains controversial and is unknown in countries with a low coronary heart disease (CHD) incidence. The aim of this study was to investigate the ability of ET to improve the prediction of a first coronary event in such a population. Methods Using a prospective cohort study, 1051 consecutive healthy asymptomatic adults were enrolled in a cardiovascular screening program including ET. The pre-test risk of CHD was evaluated by the 10-year Framingham risk function. Positive ET was defined as a horizontal or downsloping ST-segment depression >= 1.0 mm. The primary outcome was total coronary events (CE) occurrence, including cardiac deaths, acute myocardial infarction and stable or unstable angina. The mean follow-up period was 6 years. Results Subjects were aged 18-79 years and 36% were women. A total of 89 subjects (8.5%) had a positive ET. Positive exercise testing was associated with CE occurrence in a univariate analysis only in subjects with higher pre-test risk, defined by a 10-year Framingham risk > 10.4% [hazards ratio (HR) = 2.61; 95% confidence interval (CI) (1.07-6.40)]. In this risk category, ET was able to provide incremental information over the major risk factors in both men and women [risk factor-adjusted H R for positive ET = 2.86; 95% Cl (1.1 4-7.20)]. This risk excess in subjects with positive ET persisted even when a coronary revascularization was performed. Subjects with intermediate pre-test probability (10-15%) and positive ET had a post-test probability of CE largely equivalent to the probability in subjects with known CHD. Conclusion Additional information provided by ET in subjects with a pre-test risk at 10-years > 10% should lead to a more efficient Use of risk-reducing therapies than it would be the case in this risk category with the analysis of traditional risk factors only.
Chemical Feature-Based Molecular Modeling of Urotensin-II Receptor Antagonists: Generation of Predictive Pharmacophore Model for Early Drug Discovery; For a series of 35 piperazino-phthalimide and piperazino-isoindolinone based urotensin-II receptor (UT) antagonists, a thoroughly validated 3D pharmacophore model has been developed, consisting of four chemical features: one hydrogen bond acceptor lipid (HBA L), one hydrophobe (HY), and two ring aromatic (RA). Multiple validation techniques like CatScramble, test set prediction, and mapping analysis of advanced known antagonists have been employed to check the predictive power and robustness of the developed model. The results demonstrate that the best model, Hypo 1, shows a correlation (r) of 0.902, a root mean square deviation (RMSD) of 0.886, and the cost difference of 39.69 bits. The model obtained is highly predictive with good correlation values for both internal (r(2) = 0.707) as well as external (r(2) = 0.614) test set compounds. Moreover, the pharmacophore model has been used as a 3D query for virtual screening which served to detect prospective new lead compounds which can be further optimized as UT antagonists with potential for treatment of cardiovascular diseases.
Oral flora in acute stroke patients: A prospective exploratory observational study; Objective: To describe the bacterial profile of the oral flora during the first 2 weeks following a stroke, examining changes in the condition of the oral cavity and infections. Background: Dysphagia is common after a stroke and can lead to aspiration pneumonia. Oral flora changes associated with stroke have been implicated as a possible source of bacteria that can cause systemic infections. Materials and methods: Seventy-seven participants were recruited over a period of 9 months. Fifty participants had a complete set of swabs from four different oral sites and a saliva sample taken at three time points over a 14-day period. Molecular identification of bacteria was performed on the pooled DNA extracted. Results: A total of 103 bacterial phylotypes were identified, 29 of which were not in the Human Oral Microbiome Database (HOMD). Fourteen of the twenty most common bacterial phylotypes found in the oral cavity were Streptococcal species with Streptococcus salivarius being the most common. The condition of the oral cavity worsened during the study period. Fifteen (30%) patients had at least one infection. Conclusions: There appears to be huge diversity of bacterial organisms in the oral cavity of stroke patients, and as most phylotypes identified were only found in one or two participants, no particular patterns linked to infection or the condition of the oral cavity could be discerned.
Combination of Copeptin and Troponin Assays to Rapidly Rule Out Non-ST Elevation Myocardial Infarction in the Emergency Department; Objectives: The aim of this study was to analyze the diagnostic accuracy and the clinical usefulness of the combination of troponin I (cTnI) and copeptin measured at presentation with an automated assay to rapidly rule out non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) in patients with suspected cardiac chest pain presenting to an emergency department (ED). Methods: This study was an ancillary analysis of a prospective observational study. Copeptin and cTnI levels were sampled at presentation in 641 consecutive patients admitted to the ED for chest pain with onset within the last 12 hours and without ST elevation on a 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG). Copeptin was measured with an automated assay and troponin with conventional assay. The performance of a combination of cTnI and copeptin for NSTEMI diagnosis was studied, the clinical utility was assessed by multivariate analysis, and an area under the curve (AUC) calculation was used to determine accuracy. Results: NSTEMI was diagnosed in 95 patients (15%). The sensitivity and negative predictive value (NPV) of the combination of copeptin and cTnI measures were 90.4% (95% confidence interval [CI] = 88.2% to 92.7%) and 97.6% (95% CI = 96.4% to 98.7%) versus 55.3% (95% CI = 51.5% to 59.2%) and 92.8% (95% CI = 90.8% to 94.8%) with cTnI alone. The AUC of the combination of copeptin and cTnI was 0.89 (95% CI = 0.85% to 0.92%) and was significantly higher than the AUC of cTnI alone (0.77, 95% CI = 0.72% to 0.82%, p < 0.05). The patient classification was slightly improved when copeptin was added to the usual diagnostic tools used for NSTEMI management. Conclusions: In this study, determination of copeptin, in addition to cTnI, improves early diagnostic accuracy of NSTEMI. However, the sensitivity of this combination even using a conventional troponin assay remains insufficient to safely rule out NSTEMI at the time of presentation. ACADEMIC EMERGENCY MEDICINE 2012; 19: 517-524 (C) 2012 by the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine
Adherence to Hospital Discharge Medication in Patients With Ischemic Stroke A Prospective, Interventional 2-Phase Study; Background and Purpose-Communication between hospitals and primary care physicians is essential for the continuity of care for patients being transferred from hospital to ambulatory care. Patients are often discharged from hospital on medication regimes different from those used before hospital admission. The aim of the study was to evaluate the adherence to hospital discharge medication in patients with ischemic stroke before and after implementing a systematic approach provided by a clinical pharmacist. Methods-Patients with transient ischemic attack/ischemic stroke taking >= 2 drugs during hospital stay and at discharge were prospectively recruited. In the control group, the neurologist included the medication list in the discharge letter as before. In the intervention group, the clinical pharmacist listed the medication on admission and at discharge next to each other and gave detailed information for all medication changes during hospital stay. Results-Overall, 312 patients were enrolled in the study with 156 patients in each group. Significant differences between the control group and intervention group were ascertained with regard to adherence to both antithrombotic drugs (83.8% control group versus 91.9% intervention group [P=0.033]) and to statin therapy (69.8% control group versus 87.7% intervention group [P < 0.001]). Conclusions-Providing detailed information on medication changes can lead to substantially improved adherence to discharge medication, probably resulting in better secondary stroke prevention. (Stroke. 2013;44:522-524.)
Initiation of β-blocker therapy and depression after acute myocardial infarction; Introduction Although beta-blockers reduce mortality after acute myocardial infarction (AMI), early reports linking beta-blocker use with subsequent depression have potentially limited their use in vulnerable patients. We sought to provide empirical evidence to support or refute this concern by examining the association between beta-blocker initiation and change in depressive symptoms in AMI patients. Methods Using data from 2 US multicenter, prospective registries of AMI patients, we examined 1-, 6-, and 12-month changes in depressive symptoms after the index hospitalization among patients who were beta-blocker-naive on admission. Depressive symptoms were assessed using the validated 8-item Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-8), which rates depressive symptoms from 0 to 24, with higher scores indicating more depressive symptoms. A propensity-matched repeated-measures linear regression model was used to compare change in depressive symptoms among patients who were and were not initiated on a beta-blocker after AMI. Results Of 3,470 AMI patients who were beta-blocker-naive on admission, 3,190 (91.9%) were initiated on a beta-blocker and 280 (8.1%) were not. Baseline PHQ-8 scores were higher in patients not initiated on a beta-blocker (mean 5.78 +/- 5.45 vs 4.88 +/- 5.11, P = .005). PHQ-8 scores were progressively lower at 1, 6, and 12 months in both the beta-blocker (mean decrease at 12 months 1.16, P < .0001) and no-beta-blocker groups (mean decrease 1.71, P < .0001). After propensity matching 201 untreated patients with 567 treated patients, initiation of beta-blocker therapy was not associated with a difference in mean change in PHQ-8 scores at 1, 6, or 12 months after AMI (absolute mean difference with beta-blocker initiation at 12 months of 0.08, 95% CI -0.81 to 0.96, P = .86). Conclusions Initiation of beta-blocker therapy after AMI was not associated with an increase in depressive symptoms. Restricting beta-blocker use because of concerns about depression appears unwarranted and may lead to undertreatment of AMI patients.
Dietary recommendations in the light of prehistoric diets; In view of the results of comprehensive prospective epidemiological studies obtained recently, the preventive effects of a high carbohydrate intake (> 50% of total daily energy) and a dietary fat restriction (less than or equal to30% of total daily energy) on cardiovascular diseases have been questioned. These new results are discussed in the light of paleolithic food intake and nutrient relations. At prehistoric times, fruit, vegetables and lean meat were consumed frequently, while cereals were a rare component of daily diets. Consequently, paleolithic diets were rich in protein and relatively poor in carbohydrates. Recent studies have shown that fruit and vegetables significantly lower the cardiovascular mortality rate. Moreover, a diet containing much (lean) meat has been found to increase HDL cholesterol and to reduce LDL cholesterol, triglyceride and homocysteine levels. The data suggest that a paleolithic, relatively low carbohydrate diet could have anti-atherogenic effect. This may lead to a physiological re-evaluation of different food categories (such as cereals and lean meat) and to modified recommendations of nutrient relations.
Moderate alcohol consumption and risk of heart failure among older persons; Context Heavy consumption of alcohol can lead to heart failure, but the relationship between moderate alcohol consumption and risk of heart failure is largely unknown. Objective To determine whether moderate alcohol consumption predicts heart failure risk among older persons, independent of the association of moderate alcohol consumption with lower risk of myocardial infarction (MI). Design Prospective cohort study conducted from 1982 through 1996, with a maximum follow-up of 14 years. Setting and Participants Population-based sample of 2235 noninstitutionalized elderly persons (mean age, 73.7 years; 41.2% male; 21.3% nonwhite) residing in New Haven, Conn, who were free of heart failure at baseline. Persons who reported alcohol consumption of more than 70 oz in the month prior to baseline were excluded. Main Outcome Measure Time to first fatal or nonfatal heart failure event, according to the amount of alcohol consumed in the month prior to baseline. Results Increasing alcohol consumption in the moderate range was associated with decreasing heart failure rates. For persons consuming no alcohol (50.0%), 1 to 20 oz (40.2%), and 21 to 70 oz (9.8%) in the month prior to baseline, crude heart failure rates per 1000 years of follow-up were 16.1, 12.2, and 9.2, respectively. After adjustment for age, sex, race, education, angina, history of MI and diabetes, MI during follow-up, hypertension, pulse pressure, body mass index, and current smoking, the relative risks of heart failure for those consuming no alcohol, 1 to 20 oz, and 21 to 70 oz in the month prior to baseline were 1.00 (referent), 0.79 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.60-1.02), and 0.53 (95% CI, 0.32-0.88) (P for trend =.02). Conclusions Increasing levels of moderate alcohol consumption are associated with a decreasing risk of heart failure among older persons. This association is independent of a number of confounding factors and does not appear to be entirely mediated by a reduction in MI risk.
Effects of Habitual <i>T</i>'<i>ai</i> <i>Chi</i> Exercise on Adiponectin, Glucose Homeostasis, Lipid Profile, and Atherosclerotic Burden in Individuals with Cardiovascular Risk Factors; Objectives: A single bout of t'ai chi (TC) exercise was previously found to be associated with a significant increase in post-exercise adiponectin levels in individuals with cardiovascular risk factors. The objective of this study was to examine the long-term effects of 24-month habitual TC exercise on adiponectin levels, glucose homeostasis, lipid profile, and atherosclerotic burden in individuals with cardiovascular risk factors. Design: This was a prospective observational study. Settings/location: The study was conducted at a regional hospital in south Taiwan. Subjects: Participants of a TC exercise program held by the clinics of cardiology and cardiovascular surgery for individuals with cardiovascular diseases were recruited to the TC group. Individuals who did not join the program were recruited as controls. All study subjects had at least one cardiovascular risk factor. Interventions: Ninety-minute session of Yang's style TC at least once a week. Outcome measures: Measurements on adiponectin, glucose homeostasis, lipid profile, and atherosclerotic burden were made at three time points-baseline, 12 months, and 24 months. Two-way repeated-measures general linear model was used to assess the changes over the study period between the TC and control groups. Results: Thirty-seven patients in both the TC and control groups completed the study. The TC group showed a greater increase in natural logarithmic transformed (Ln) adiponectin values than the control group over the study period (interaction effect p = 0.009). Glucose homeostasis, lipid profile, risk of atherosclerosis, and atherosclerotic burden did not showed significant changes with TC compared with the controls over the 24-month period. Conclusions: The results of the present study indicate that for individuals with at least one cardiovascular risk factor, engaging in habitual TC exercise could lead to favorable changes in levels of adiponectin. The association between habitual TC and cardiovascular events and diabetic complications will require further investigations.
Remnant Lipoprotein Cholesterol and Mortality After Acute Myocardial Infarction: Further Evidence for a Hypercholesterolemia Paradox From the TRIUMPH Registry; Background: Remnants are partially hydrolyzed, triglyceride-rich lipoproteins that, like other apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins, are atherogenic. Prior observational studies suggest paradoxically better outcomes in hypercholesterolemic patients who sustain an acute myocardial infarction (AMI), one of several known recurrent risk paradoxes. To date, the association of directly measured remnant lipoprotein cholesterol (RLP-C) with survival after an AMI has not been examined. Hypothesis: Higher RLP-C levels may be paradoxically associated with lower mortality. Methods: Weexamined 2465AMIsurvivors in a prospective, 24-centerUSstudy ofAMIoutcomes. Lipoprotein cholesterol subfractions were directly measured by ultracentrifugation. RLP-C was defined as intermediate-density lipoprotein cholesterol (IDL-C)+ very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol subfraction 3 (VLDL3-C). Given a linear relationship between RLP-C and mortality, we examined RLP-C by tertiles and continuously. Cox regression hazard ratios (HRs) were adjusted for the Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events (GRACE) score and 23 other covariates. Results: Participants were age 58 +/- 12 years (mean +/- SD), and 68% were men. After 2 years of follow-up, 226 (9%) participants died. The mortality proportion was 12.4% in the lowest tertile of RLP-C (0-15mg/dL), 8.5% in the middle tertile (16-23mg/dL), and 6.8% in the highest tertile (24-120 mg/dL; P< 0.001). A 1-SD increase in RLP-C (11 mg/dL) predicted a 24% lower adjusted risk of 2-year mortality (HR: 0.76, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.64-0.91). Similar results were found for a 1-SD increase in IDL-C (HR per 8 mg/dL: 0.80, 95% CI: 0.67-0.96), VLDL3-C (HR per 4mg/dL: 0.74, 95% CI: 0.61-0.89), and very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C; HR per 8 mg/dL: 0.69, 95% CI: 0.55-0.85). Conclusions: Higher RLP-C levels were associated with lower mortality 2 years after AMI despite rigorous adjustment for known confounders. Unknown protective factors or a lead-time bias likely explains the paradox.
Sleep apnea-hypopnea syndrome and stroke; For many years attention has been drawn to the frequent association between sleep apnea-hypopnea syndrome and stroke. Numerous and very different epidemiological studies are available that point to a possible causal relation. In a parallel way, there has been an increase over these years in the knowledge of the different intermediate physiopathological mechanisms by which apnea could theoretically favour the appearance of cerebral ischemia. An increase in arterial pressure, the appearance of arrhythmias, hemodynamic changes in cerebral circulation and a prothrombotic state are outstanding amongst these. Likewise, it was also proved that treatment with CPAP was beneficial for normalising some of these alterations. Nonetheless, it is only recently that, thanks to the appearance of different prospective studies, it has been irrefutably proved that SAHS is a risk factor that increases the possibility of suffering an stroke, independently of the presence of other classical risk factors. While awaiting new intervention studies that confirm whether treatment with CPAP reduces this risk, it is important to include in the anamnesis of patients who have suffered an stroke or a transitory ischemic accident the search for data that would lead us to think of SAHS and to send these patients for evaluation by the respiratory unit when necessary.
The Emerging Role of Exercise Testing and Stress Echocardiography in Valvular Heart Disease; Exercise testing has an established role in the evaluation of patients with valvular heart disease and can aid clinical decision making. Because symptoms may develop slowly and indolently in chronic valve diseases and are often not recognized by patients and their physicians, the symptomatic, blood pressure, and electrocardiographic responses to exercise can help identify patients who would benefit from early valve repair or replacement. In addition, stress echocardiography has emerged as an important component of stress testing in patients with valvular heart disease, with relevant established and potential applications. Stress echocardiography has the advantages of its wide availability, low cost, and versatility for the assessment of disease severity. The versatile applications of stress echocardiography can be tailored to the individual patient with aortic or mitral valve disease, both before and after valve replacement or repair. Hence, exercise-induced changes in valve hemodynamics, ventricular function, and pulmonary artery pressure, together with exercise capacity and symptomatic responses to exercise, provide the clinician with diagnostic and prognostic information that can contribute to subsequent clinical decisions. Nevertheless, there is a lack of convincing evidence that the results of stress echocardiography lead to clinical decisions that result in better outcomes, and therefore large-scale prospective randomized studies focusing on patient outcomes are needed in the future. (J Am Coll Cardiol 2009;54:2251-60) (C) 2009 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation
Systematic hypothesis for post-stroke depression caused inflammation and neurotransmission and resultant on possible treatments; Post-stroke depression (PSD) is a prevalent complex psychiatric disorder that causes delay to functional recovery from rehabilitation and also increases cognitive impairment. The etiology of PSD remains controversial and appears to be physical and psycho-social in origin, alone or in combination. The causes of PSD as well as the mechanisms conferring beneficial antidepressant effects in the context of ischemic brain injury are still unknown. In addition, appropriate treatment strategies for therapy to prevent stroke-induced depression-like behavior remain to be developed. This paper, therefore, proposes two hypotheses for post-stroke depression: The inflammatory hypothesis, which is the increased production of proinflammatory cytokines resulting from brain ischemia in cerebral areas causing the pathogenesis of post-stroke depression and the glutamate hypothesis, where the excess glucocorticoids released from stress-induced over-activation of hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) lead to dysfunction of glutamatergic transmission. Neurotrophins, especially brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) both play various roles in the central nervous system (CNS), attenuate apoptosis in cultured neurons, stimulate neurogenesis and increase survival and protect neuronal tissues from cell death induced by ischemia or depression. We also touch upon recent treatment strategies including inhibition of pro-inflammatory cytokines, SSRI, neurotrophins and cell-based therapies. In the present review, we provide an overview of recent evidence concerning the mechanisms of post-stroke depression and propose four prospective treatment strategies so as to provide references for clinical evidence-based medications.
An audit of the value of pre-operative electrocardiograms before surgery (general anaesthetic) in a day surgery unit; Background As the population presenting for day-case surgery and anaesthesia increases, so does the challenge of adequate pre-operative assessment. The resting 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) is relatively insensitive and frequently normal even in the presence of severe coronary artery disease but it is quick, easy to perform and frequently requested, thus its value in day-case surgery remains unproven. Aims To assess whether patients at Day Surgery Unit, Gartnavel General Hospital who fit the EGG criteria get an immediate EGG and also to review whether abnormal EGG results leads to any change in the patient's management. Methods A prospective audit was performed on all patients coming in for non-cardiac day-case surgery over a 3-week period between February 2006 and March 2006. Patient notes were reviewed before their surgery. Results 60 patients presenting for day-case surgery over this period should have had an EGG done but only 24 were referred. A significant abnormality was noted in 12.5% of ECGs. None of these patients had their surgery postponed or management changed. No adverse events occurred in patients proceeding to surgery and there were no cases of peri-operative cardiovascular complications or admissions to hospital. Conclusion The finding of EGG abnormalities did not prevent the patient proceeding directly to anaesthesia and surgery. Furthermore, they did not predict intra-operative, postoperative complications or hospital admission following the procedure. The EGG is of limited value in the risk stratification of patients selected for day-case surgery.
Thrombolysis in stroke mimics. Experience in 10 cases; Background: The effectiveness of intravenous thrombolysis (IVT) in cerebral ischemia is time dependent. Stroke mimics (SM) are frequent in emergency rooms. The effort to reduce door to needle time, can lead to administer thrombolytics to SM. Aim: To describe the frequency and prognosis of SM treated with IVT. Material and Methods: Prospective analysis of all patients evaluated in a Chilean private clinic between December 2004 and July 2015 with a suspected acute ischemic stroke (AIS). We calculated the number of SM that were treated with IVT. In these patients, we analyzed the presence of symptomatic cerebral hemorrhage defined as the presence of a neurological deterioration of four points or more on the National Institute of Health Stroke Scale, the presence of extracranial bleeding according to Global Utilization of Streptokinase and t-PA for Occluded Coronary Arteries criteria and the patient's functional status at three months by modified Rankin scale (MRS). Results: We evaluated 1,417 patients with suspected AIS, of which 240 (16.9%) were finally diagnosed as SM. A total of 197 patients were treated with IVT, of these 10 (5%) corresponded to SM. All SM patients treated with thrombolytic drugs were functionally independent at 3 months and showed no bleeding complications. Conclusions: Occasionally SM patients were treated with IVT. This treatment was not associated with bleeding complications and the prognosis of these patients at three months was favorable.
ROLE OF CLOTTING FACTOR-VIII IN EFFECT OF VON-WILLEBRAND-FACTOR ON OCCURRENCE OF DEEP-VEIN THROMBOSIS; To elucidate the roles of the ABO blood group, von Willebrand factor (vWF), and clotting factor VIII in the process of deep-vein thrombosis we undertook a population-based patient-control study in which 301 consecutive patients younger than 70 with a first, objectively diagnosed episode of venous thrombosis and without an underlying malignant disorder were compared with 301 healthy controls matched for age and sex. In univariate analysis, blood group, vWF concentration, and factor VIII concentrations were all related to deep-vein thrombosis. The risk of thrombosis increased with increasing vWF or factor VIII concentration and was higher in subjects of non-O blood groups than in those of group O. In multivariate analysis only factor VIII remained as a risk factor, and the dose-response relation between factor VIII concentration and risk of thrombosis persisted (subjects with factor VIII concentrations above 1500 IU/L had an adjusted odds ratio of 4.8 [95% CI 2.3-10.0]). By contrast, the adjusted odds ratio for each vWF stratum did not differ from 1, and that for blood group was 1.5 (1.0-2.2). Our findings point to an effect on thrombosis risk of vWF and blood group, the former fully and the latter at least partly mediated through factor VIII. The 25% prevalence of factor VIII concentrations above 1500 IU/L among unselected consecutive thrombosis patients and the high adjusted relative risk for thrombosis lead to the conclusion that high factor VIII concentrations are common and represent a clear increase in risk of thrombosis, similar to the risks conferred by deficiencies of the coagulation-inhibiting proteins and activated protein C resistance.
Electrocardiographic abnormalities and risk of developing cardiac events in extracardiac sarcoidosis; Background: Cardiac involvement is a leading cause of death from sarcoidosis. Because the efficacy of corticosteroid treatment is limited in patients with cardiac manifestation, early diagnosis is important. However, cardiac involvement is difficult to identify at early stages and is often underdiagnosed. Therefore, this study aimed to identify electrocardiographic risk factors for cardiac events in patients with extracardiac sarcoidosis. Methods: This prospective observational cohort study included 227 patients with extracardiac sarcoidosis who did not have any cardiac manifestation (age, 49 +/- 17 years; women, 63%). We studied the association of electrocardiographic abnormalities with developing cardiac manifestations. Results: During a follow-up of 6.3 +/- 3.7 years, 11 patients developed cardiac events, including advanced atrioventricular block (4 patients), ventricular tachycardia (4 patients), and systolic dysfunction (3 patients). All patients had electrocardiographic abnormalities prior to the development of cardiac events. In multivariate analyses, the baseline heart rate and PR interval were associated with increased risk of developing cardiac events. The QRS duration and corrected QT interval were not associated with cardiac manifestations. The multivariate analyses also revealed that baseline conduction disorder, ST segment/T wave abnormalities, and fragmented QRS complexes were associated with cardiac events. Conclusions: Electrocardiographic abnormalities occurred prior to cardiac events in extracardiac sarcoidosis. Patients with electrocardiographic abnormalities may require further evaluation for cardiac involvement and careful follow-up. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Relation of Elevated Serum Uric Acid Levels to Incidence of Atrial Fibrillation in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; The association between serum uric acid (SUA) levels and atrial fibrillation (AF) is currently poorly known. We examined the association between SUA levels and risk of incident AF in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. We followed for 10 years a random sample of 400 type 2 diabetic outpatients, who were free from AF at baseline. A standard 12-lead electrocardiography was undertaken annually and a diagnosis of incident AF was confirmed in affected participants by a single cardiologist. Over 10 years, there were 42 incident AF cases (cumulative incidence of 10.5%). Elevated SUA level was associated with an increased risk of incident AF (odds ratio 2.43, 95% confidence interval 1.8 to 3.4, p <0.0001 for each 1-SD increase in SUA level). Adjustments for age, gender, body mass index, hypertension, chronic kidney disease, electrocardiographic features (left ventricular hypertrophy and PR interval), and use of diuretics and allopurinol did not attenuate the association between SUA and incident AF (adjusted odds ratio 2.44, 95% confidence interval 1.6 to 3.9, p <0.0001). Further adjustment for variables that were included in the 10-year Framingham Heart Study derived AF risk score did not appreciably weaken this association. Results remained unchanged even when SUA was modeled as a categorical variable (stratifying by either SUA median or hyperuricemia), and when patients with previous coronary heart disease or heart failure were excluded from analysis. In conclusion, our findings suggest that elevated SUA levels are strongly associated with an increased incidence of AF in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus even after adjustment for multiple clinical risk factors for AF. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2013;112:499-504)
Comparison of P-wave duration and dispersion in patients aged ≥65 years with those aged ≥45 years; P-wave dispersion (PWD) is a Dew electrocardiographic marker that reflects discontinuous and inhomogeneous propagation of sinus impulses, which has been studied in some cardiac conditions as a useful predictor of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation (AF). The aim of the peresent study was to compare P-wave duration and PWD in patients less than or equal to45 versus greater than or equal to65 years of age. The study consisted of 2 groups. Group I included 118 patients aged greater than or equal to65 years (86 men, 32 women, mean age = 69 +/- 4 years). Group II included 72 patients aged less than or equal to45 years (53 men, 19 women, mean age = 41 +/- 4 years). All patients were selected from those who were undertaken coronary angiography in our hospital with a suspicion of coronary artery disease and detected as having angiographically normal coronary arteries. All patients were undertaken transthoracic echocardiography to evaluate the presence of any structural and functional cardiac abnormality. Maximum and minimum P-wave durations and PWD were calculated from 12-lead surface electrocardiogram. Maximum P-wave duration and PWD were significantly higher in group I patients than in group II patients (P <.00 1). However, there was no statistically significant difference between group I patients and group H patients regarding minimum P-wave duration (p =0.9). Left atrial diameter, left ventricular wall thicknesses, mitral A velocity, deceleration time and isovolumic relaxation time were significantly higher in group I patients than in group 11 patients. However, mitral E velocity were significantly lower in group I patients than in group II patients. A significant positive correlation was detected between PWD and age, left atrial diameter, mitral A velocity, deceleration time and isovolumic relaxation time. in addition, we found a significant negative correlation between PWD and mitral E velocity. PWD, indicating increased risk for paroxysmal AF, was found to be significantly higher in patients greater than or equal to65 years of age than in those less than or equal to45 years of age. Further prospective studies that include larger series and long term follow-up are needed to clarify the clinical utility of PWD as a predictor of increased risk for paroxysmal AF in old patients.
Hyperbaric Oxygen Induces Late Neuroplasticity in Post Stroke Patients - Randomized, Prospective Trial; Background: Recovery after stroke correlates with non-active (stunned) brain regions, which may persist for years. The current study aimed to evaluate whether increasing the level of dissolved oxygen by Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy (HBOT) could activate neuroplasticity in patients with chronic neurologic deficiencies due to stroke. Methods and Findings: A prospective, randomized, controlled trial including 74 patients (15 were excluded). All participants suffered a stroke 6-36 months prior to inclusion and had at least one motor dysfunction. After inclusion, patients were randomly assigned to "treated" or "cross" groups. Brain activity was assessed by SPECT imaging; neurologic functions were evaluated by NIHSS, ADL, and life quality. Patients in the treated group were evaluated twice: at baseline and after 40 HBOT sessions. Patients in the cross group were evaluated three times: at baseline, after a 2-month control period of no treatment, and after subsequent 2-months of 40 HBOT sessions. HBOT protocol: Two months of 40 sessions (5 days/week), 90 minutes each, 100% oxygen at 2 ATA. We found that the neurological functions and life quality of all patients in both groups were significantly improved following the HBOT sessions while no improvement was found during the control period of the patients in the cross group. Results of SPECT imaging were well correlated with clinical improvement. Elevated brain activity was detected mostly in regions of live cells (as confirmed by CT) with low activity (based on SPECT) - regions of noticeable discrepancy between anatomy and physiology. Conclusions: The results indicate that HBOT can lead to significant neurological improvements in post stroke patients even at chronic late stages. The observed clinical improvements imply that neuroplasticity can still be activated long after damage onset in regions where there is a brain SPECT/CT (anatomy/physiology) mismatch.
Telephone-based health coaching for chronically ill patients: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background: The rising prevalence of chronic conditions constitutes a major burden for patients and healthcare systems and is predicted to increase in the upcoming decades. Improving the self-management skills of patients is a strategy to steer against this burden. This could lead to better outcomes and lower healthcare costs. Health coaching is one method for enhancing the self-management of patients and can be delivered by phone. The effects of telephone-based health coaching are promising, but still inconclusive. Economic evaluations and studies examining the transferability of effects to different healthcare systems are still rare. Aim of this study is to evaluate telephone-based health coaching for chronically ill patients in Germany. Methods/Design: The study is a prospective randomized controlled trial comparing the effects of telephone-based health coaching with usual care during a 4-year time period. Data are collected at baseline and after 12, 24 and 36 months. Patients are selected based on one of the following chronic conditions: diabetes, coronary artery disease, asthma, hypertension, heart failure, COPD, chronic depression or schizophrenia. The health coaching intervention is carried out by trained nurses employed by a German statutory health insurance. The frequency and the topics of the health coaching are manual-based but tailored to the patients' needs and medical condition, following the concepts of motivational interviewing, shared decision-making and evidence-based-medicine. Approximately 12,000 insurants will be enrolled and randomized into intervention and control groups. Primary outcome is the time until hospital readmission within two years after enrolling in the health coaching, assessed by routine data. Secondary outcomes are patient-reported outcomes like changes in quality of life, depression and anxiety and clinical values assessed with questionnaires. Additional secondary outcomes are further economic evaluations like health service use as well as costs and hospital readmission rates. The statistical analyses includes intention-to-treat and as-treated principles. The recruitment will be completed in September 2014. Discussion: This study will provide evidence regarding economic and clinical effects of telephone-delivered health coaching. Additionally, this study will show whether health coaching is an adequate option for the German healthcare system to address the growing burden of chronic diseases.
QRS Fragmentation and Sudden Cardiac Death in the Obese and Overweight; Background-Obesity has been associated with significantly greater risk of sudden cardiac death (SCD); however, identifying the obese patient at highest risk remains a challenge. We evaluated the association between QRS fragmentation on the 12-lead electrocardiogram and SCD, in obese/overweight subjects. Methods and Results-In the ongoing prospective, community-based Oregon Sudden Unexpected Death Study (population approximately 1 million), we performed a case-control analysis, comparing obese/overweight SCD victims with obese/overweight controls from the same geographic region. Archived ECGs prior and unrelated to the SCD event were used for cases and all ECG measurements were assessed in blinded fashion. Fragmentation was defined as the presence of RSR' patterns and/or notching of the R/S wave in at least 2 contiguous leads. Analysis was limited to ECGs with QRS duration <120 ms. Overall prevalence of fragmentation was higher in cases (n=185; 64.9 +/- 13.8 years; 67.0% male) compared with controls (n=405; 64.9 +/- 11.0 years; 64.7% male) (34.6% versus 26.9%, P=0.06). Lateral fragmentation was significantly more frequent in cases (8.1% versus 2.5%; P<0.01), with non-significant differences in anterior and inferior territories. Fragmentation in multiple territories (>= 2) was also more likely to be observed in cases (9.7% versus 4.9%, P=0.02). In multivariable analysis with consideration of established SCD risk factors, lateral fragmentation was significantly associated with SCD (OR 2.84; 95% CI 1.01 to 8.02; P=0.05). Conclusion-QRS fragmentation, especially in the lateral territory is a potential risk marker for SCD independent of the ejection fraction, among obese/overweight subjects in the general population.
Negative T wave in chest lead V1: relation to sex and future cardiovascular risk factors; Objectives: The significance of T-wave negativity in lead V1 in adults and its relationship with cardiovascular risk factors have not been clarified. This study was designed to determine the prevalence of negative T waves in chest lead V1 in an adult cohort. Study design: The study included 508 adults (278 males, mean age 51.5 +/- 9.7 years; 230 females, mean age 51.2 +/- 10.0 years) enrolled in the longitudinal Turkish Adult Risk Factor survey from all geographical regions of Turkey, whose prospective data on the prevalence of coronary heart disease and its risk factors were available for comparative assessment of T-wave groups. Associations of negative T waves were sought in relation to age, sex, cardiovascular risk factors, and coronary heart disease. Results: The prevalence of T-wave negativity in women was significantly higher than that of men (38.3% vs 7.2%; p<0.001). No age-related differences were found between the two sexes with respect to the presence or absence of negative T waves (p>0.05). Cardiovascular risk factors and cardiometabolic conditions did not differ among men with respect to the T-wave pattern. However, women presenting negative T waves in lead V1 had significantly lower systolic blood pressure (p=0.007) and HDL-cholesterol (p=0.034) values, and a higher incidence of type 2 diabetes (p=0.048) than women with positive T waves. Conclusion: No convincing explanation could be offered for the significantly higher female predilection for the presence of negative T-waves in lead V1. Negative T waves in lead V1 were not associated with adverse cardiometabolic risks.
Markers of endothelial dysfunction in lacunar infarction and ischaemic leukoaraiosis; Patients with cerebral small vessel disease (SVD) can present as isolated lacunar infarction or with diffuse white matter changes, with the imaging appearance of leukoaraiosis. Endothelial dysfunction, which can lead to breakdown of the blood-brain barrier, impaired cerebral autoregulation and prothrombotic changes, is believed to be important in mediating disease. Circulating levels of intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM1), thrombomodulin (TM), tissue factor (TF) and tissue factor pathway inhibitor (TFPI) are markers of endothelial activation and damage, and may provide insights into disease pathogenesis or differences between phenotypes. We therefore measured these markers in a prospective series of patients with lacunar stroke. One hundred and ten white Caucasian patients with previous lacunar stroke and 50 community control subjects were studied. Markers of endothelial function were measured on venous blood samples. Patients were classified on brain imaging into two groups: isolated lacunar infarction (n = 47) and ischaemic leukoaraiosis, defined as a clinical lacunar stroke and leukoaraiosis on brain imaging (n = 63). The number of lacunes and severity of leukoaraiosis were also scored on MRI. ICAM1, TM and TFPI were elevated in cerebral SVD subjects compared with controls (P less than or equal to 0.006). The ischaemic leukoaraiosis group had a different endothelial marker profile, with lower levels of TFPI (P = 0.01) and a higher TF/TFPI ratio (P = 0.01) compared with the isolated lacunar infarction group. TM levels were associated with the number of lactunes (P = 0.008) and the leukoaraiosis score (P = 0.03), but TF levels and the TF/TFPI ratio were associated only with the extent of leukoaraiosis (P less than or equal to 0.02). These results suggest that there is evidence of chronic endothelial dysfunction in cerebral SVD, and endothelial prothrombotic changes may be important in mediating the ischaemic leukoaraiosis phenotype. Therapies which help to stabilize the endothelium may, have a role in this group of patients.
Association of Long-term Air Pollution With Ventricular Conduction and Repolarization Abnormalities; Background: Short-term exposure to air pollution may affect ventricular repolarization, but there is limited information on how long-term exposures might affect the surface ventricular electrocardiographic (ECG) abnormalities associated with cardiovascular events. We carried out a study to determine whether long-term air pollution exposure is associated with abnormalities of ventricular repolarization and conduction in adults without known cardiovascular disease. Methods: A total of 4783 participants free of clinical cardiovascular disease in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis underwent 12-lead ECG examinations, cardiac-computed tomography, and calcium scoring, as well as estimation of air pollution exposure using a finely resolved spatiotemporal model to determine long-term average individual exposure to fine particulate matter (PM(2.5)) and proximity to major roadways. We assessed ventricular electrical abnormalities including presence of QT prolongation (Rautaharju QTrr criteria) and intraventricular conduction delay (QRS duration >120 milliseconds). We used logistic regression to determine the adjusted relationship between air pollution exposures and ECG abnormalities. Results: A 10-mu g/m(3) increase in estimated residential PM(2.5) was associated with an increased odds of prevalent QT prolongation (adjusted odds ratio [OR] = 1.6 [95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.2-2.2]) and intraventricular conduction delay (1.7 [1.0-2.6]), independent of coronary-artery calcium score. Living near major roadways was not associated with ventricular electrical abnormalities. No evidence of effect modification by traditional risk factors or study site was observed. Conclusions: This study demonstrates an association between long-term exposure to air pollution and ventricular repolarization and conduction abnormalities in adults without clinical cardiovascular disease, independent of subclinical coronary arterial calcification.
A Prospective Study of Tobacco Smoking and Mortality in Bangladesh; Background: Limited data are available on smoking-related mortality in low-income countries, where both chronic disease burden and prevalence of smoking are increasing. Methods: Using data on 20, 033 individuals in the Health Effects of Arsenic Longitudinal Study (HEALS) in Bangladesh, we prospectively evaluated the association between tobacco smoking and all-cause, cancer, and cardiovascular disease mortality during similar to 7.6 years of follow-up. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for deaths from all-cause, cancer, CVD, ischemic heart disease (IHD), and stroke, in relation to status, duration, and intensity of cigarette/bidi and hookah smoking. Results: Among men, cigarette/bidi smoking was positively associated with all-cause (HR 1.40, 95% CI 1.06 1.86) and cancer mortality (HR 2.91, 1.24 6.80), and there was a dose-response relationship between increasing intensity of cigarette/bidi consumption and increasing mortality. An elevated risk of death from ischemic heart disease (HR 1.87, 1.08 3.24) was associated with current cigarette/bidi smoking. Among women, the corresponding HRs were 1.65 (95% CI 1.16 2.36) for all-cause mortality and 2.69 (95% CI 1.20 6.01) for ischemic heart disease mortality. Similar associations were observed for hookah smoking. There was a trend towards reduced risk for the mortality outcomes with older age at onset of cigarette/bidi smoking and increasing years since quitting cigarette/bibi smoking among men. We estimated that cigarette/bidi smoking accounted for about 25.0% of deaths in men and 7.6% in women. Conclusions: Tobacco smoking was responsible for substantial proportion of premature deaths in the Bangladeshi population, especially among men. Stringent measures of tobacco control and cessation are needed to reduce tobacco-related deaths in Bangladesh.
CHADS<sub>2</sub> and CHA<sub>2</sub>DS<sub>2</sub>-VASc score to assess risk of stroke and death in patients paced for sick sinus syndrome; Objective The risk of stroke in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) can be assessed by use of the CHADS(2) and the CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc score system. We hypothesised that these risk scores and their individual components could also be applied to patients paced for sick sinus syndrome (SSS) to evaluate risk of stroke and death. Design Prospective cohort study. Settings All Danish pacemaker centres and selected centres in the UK and Canada. Patients Risk factors were recorded prior to pacemaker implantation in 1415 patients with SSS participating in the Danish Multicenter Randomized Trial on Single Lead Atrial Pacing versus Dual Chamber Pacing in Sick Sinus Syndrome (Danpace) trial. Development of stroke was assessed at follow-up visits and by evaluation of patient charts. Mortality was assessed from the civil registration system. Interventions Patients were randomised to AAIR (N=707) or DDDR pacing (N=708). Main outcome measures Stroke and death during follow-up. Results Mean follow-up was 4.3 +/- 2.5 years. In the AAIR group 6.9% patients developed stroke versus 6.1% in the DDDR group (NS). There was a significant association between CHADS(2) score and the development of stroke (HR 1.41; 95% CI 1.22 to 1.64, p<0.001). CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc score was also significantly associated with stroke (HR 1.25; CI 1.12 to 1.40, p<0.001). CHADS(2) score (HR 1.46; CI 1.36 to 1.56, p<0.001) and CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc score (HR 1.39; CI 1.31 to 1.46, p<0.001) were associated with mortality. Results were still significant after adjusting for AF and anticoagulation therapy. Conclusions CHADS(2) and CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc score are associated with increased risk of stroke and death in patients paced for SSS irrespective of the presence of AF.
Estimating the Quantitative Demand of NOAC Antidote Doses on Stroke Units; Background: The first specific antidote for non-vitamin K antagonist oral anticoagulants (NOAC) has recently been approved. NOAC antidotes will allow specific treatment for 2 hitherto problematic patient groups: patients with oral anticoagulant therapy (OAT)-associated intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) and maybe also thrombolysis candidates presenting on oral anticoagulation (OAT). We aimed to estimate the frequency of these events and hence the quantitative demand of antidote doses on a stroke unit. Methods: We extracted data of patients with acute ischemic stroke and ICH (< 24 h after symptom onset) in the years 2012-2015 from a state-wide prospective stroke inpatient registry. We selected 8 stroke units and determined the mode of OAT upon admission in 2012-2013. In 2015, the mode of OAT became a mandatory item of the inpatient registry. From the number of anticoagulated patients and the NOAC share, we estimated the current and future demand for NOAC antidote doses on stroke units. Results: Eighteen percent of ICH patients within 6 h of symptom onset or an unknown symptom onset were on OAT. Given a NOAC share at admission of 40%, about 7% of all ICH patients may qualify for NOAC reversal therapy. Thirteen percent of ischemic stroke patients admitted within 4 h presented on anticoagulation. Given the availability of an appropriate antidote, a NOAC share of 50% could lead to a 6.1% increase in thrombolysis rate. Conclusions: Stroke units serving populations with a comparable demographic structure should prepare to treat up to 1% of all acute ischemic stroke patients and 7% of all acute ICH patients with NOAC antidotes. These numbers may increase with the mounting prevalence of atrial fibrillation and an increasing use of NOAC. (C) 2016 S. Karger AG, Basel
The Norwegian tenecteplase stroke trial (NOR-TEST): randomised controlled trial of tenecteplase vs. alteplase in acute ischaemic stroke; Background: Alteplase is the only approved thrombolytic agent for acute ischaemic stroke. The overall benefit from alteplase is substantial, but some evidence indicates that alteplase also has negative effects on the ischaemic brain. Tenecteplase may be more effective and less harmfull than alteplase, but large randomised controlled phase 3 trials are lacking. The Norwegian Tenecteplase Stroke Trial (NOR-TEST) aims to compare efficacy and safety of tenecteplase vs. alteplase. Methods/Design: NOR-TEST is a multi-centre PROBE (prospective randomised, open-label, blinded endpoint) trial designed to establish superiority of tenecteplase 0.4 mg/kg (single bolus) as compared with alteplase 0.9 mg/kg (10% bolus + 90% infusion/60 minutes) for consecutively admitted patients with acute ischaemic stroke eligible for thrombolytic therapy, i.e. patients a) admitted <41/2 hours after symptoms onset; b) admitted <41/2 hours after awakening with stroke symptoms c) receiving bridging therapy before embolectomy. Randomisation tenecteplase: alteplase is 1:1. The primary study endpoint is favourable functional outcome defined as modified Rankin Scale 0-1 at 90 days. Secondary study endpoints are: 1) haemorrhagic transformation (haemorrhagic infarct/haematoma); 2) symptomatic cerebral haemorrhage on CT 24-48 hours; 3) major neurological improvement at 24 hours; 4) recanalisation at 24-36 hours; 5) death. Discussion: NOR-TEST may establish a novel approach to acute ischaemic stroke treatment. A positive result will lead to a more effective, safer and easier treatment for all acute ischaemic stroke pasients. NOR-TEST is reviewed and approved by the Regional Committee for Medical and Health Research Ethics (2011/2435), and The Norwegian Medicines Agency (12/01402). NOR-TEST is registered with EudraCT No 2011-005793-33 and in ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT01949948).
Selective dual nuclear scanning in low-risk patients with chest pain to reliably identify and exclude acute coronary syndromes; Study objective: We sought to determine the use in routine clinical practice of selective dual nuclear cardiac scanning (rest and stress) in low-risk patients with chest pain for identifying and excluding acute coronary syndromes (ACSs) during the initial emergency department evaluation. Methods: A prospective observational study was conducted over 13 months in 1,775 low-risk patients with chest pain who had intermediate- and high-risk ACSs ruled out by means of our 2-hour protocol, which consists of automated serial 12-lead ECG monitoring in conjunction with baseline and 2-hour creatine kinase (CK) MB and troponin I (cTnI) measurements. At the completion of the 2-hour evaluation period, low-risk patients were stratified by means of physician judgment into 1 of 2 categories: category III, possible ACS; and category IV, probable non-ACS chest pain. Level III patients underwent immediate dual nuclear scanning (rest thallium and stress sestamibi scanning), and level IV patients were discharged directly from the ED unless another serious non-ACS medical condition was thought to exist. Rest and stress scans were interpreted by a board-certified radiologist contemporaneous with patient evaluation. All patients were followed up for 30-day ACS, which was defined as acute myocardial infarction, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty/coronary artery bypass grafting, coronary arteriography revealing stenosis of the major coronary artery of 70% or greater not amenable to percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty/coronary artery bypass grafting, life-threatening complication, or cardiac death within 30 days of ED presentation. Results: A total of 2,206 ED patients with chest pain were evaluated for ACS during the study period. Four hundred thirty-one patients were excluded for having 1 or more of the following findings: initial ECG diagnostic of injury; baseline CK-MB level, cTnI level, or both diagnostic of acute myocardial infarction; 2-hour Delta CK-MB level of +1.5 ng/mL or greater; 2-hour Delta cTnI level of +0.2 ng/mL or greater; injury or new or evolving ischemia on serial 12-lead ECG monitoring; or clinical diagnosis of ACS. Of the 1,775 study patients, 805 (45.4%) underwent immediate dual nuclear scanning. A positive stress nuclear scan result was more sensitive (97.3% versus 71.2%, P<.0001) and specific (87.7% versus 72.6%, P<.0001) for 30-day ACS than a positive resting nuclear scan result. The protocol of selective dual nuclear scanning (ie, patients who did not undergo dual nuclear scanning were counted as having a negative test result) had a sensitivity and specificity for 30-day ACS of 93.4% and 94.7%, respectively (positive likelihood ratio 17.6; negative likelihood ratio 0.07). Conclusion: Stress nuclear scanning is more sensitive and specific than resting nuclear scanning for identification of ACS in low-risk patients with chest pain. A strategy of using selective dual nuclear scanning once high- and intermediate-risk ACS has been ruled out with our 2-hour evaluation both reliably identifies and reliably excludes 30-day ACS.
Drug treatment of prehypertension: Not now, not ever?; People with prehypertension undoubtedly have an increased risk of cardiovascular and other complications. The vast majority have low absolute risk and whether drug treatment would be beneficial is uncertain. While pharmacotherapy has attractions from a public health prospective, clinicians and crucially those with prehypertension require robust evidence that drug treatment will lead to short-term as well as long-term gains. Any changes in recommendations should await adequately powered outcome studies, which provide solid evidence of the magnitude of absolute risk reduction in treating prehypertension and assessment of the cost-effectiveness.
The Erlanger Chest Pain Evaluation Protocol: A one-year experience with serial 12-lead ECG monitoring, two-hour delta serum marker measurements, and selective nuclear stress testing to identify and exclude acute coronary syndromes; Study objective: We determine the overall use of a 6-step accelerated chest pain protocol to identify and exclude acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and to confirm previous findings of the use of serial 12-lead ECG monitoring (SECG) in conjunction with 2-hour delta serum marker measurements to identify and exclude acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Methods: A prospective observational study was conducted over a 1 -year period from January 1, 1999, through December 31, 1999, in 2,074 consecutive patients with chest pain who underwent our accelerated evaluation protocol, which includes 2-hour delta serum marker determinations in conjunction with automated SECG for the early identification and exclusion of AMI and selective nuclear stress testing for identification and exclusion of ACS. In patients not undergoing emergency reperfusion therapy, physician judgment was used to determine patient disposition at the completion of the 2-hour evaluation period: admit for ACS, discharge or admit for non-ACS condition, or immediate emergency department nuclear stress scan for possible ACS. A positive protocol was defined as a positive result in 1 or more of the 6 incremental steps in our chest pain evaluation protocol: (1) initial ECG diagnostic of acute injury or reciprocal injury; (2) baseline creatine kinase (CK)-MB level of 10 ng/mL or greater and index of 5% or greater or cardiac troponin I level of 2 ng/mL or greater; (3) new/evolving injury or new/evolving ischemia on SECG; (4) increase in CK-MB level of +1.5 ng/mL or greater or cardiac troponin I level of +0.2 ng/mL or greater in 2 hours; (5) clinical diagnosis of ACS despite a negative 2-hour evaluation; and (6) reversible perfusion defect on stress scan compared with on resting scan. All patients were followed up for 30-day ACS, which was defined as myocardial infarction (MI), percutaneous coronary intervention/coronary artery bypass grafting, coronary arteriography revealing stenosis of major coronary artery of 70% or greater not amenable to percutaneous coronary intervention/coronary artery bypass grafting, life-threatening complication, or cardiac death within 30 days of ED presentation. Results: Discharge diagnosis in the 2,074 study patients consisted of 179 (8.6%) patients with AMI, 26 (1.3%) patients with recent AMI (decreasing curve of CK-MB), and 327 (15.8%) patients with 30-day ACS. At 2 hours, sensitivity and specificity for MI (AMI or recent AMI) of SECG plus delta serum marker measurements was 93.2% and 93.9%, respectively (positive likelihood ratio 15.3; negative likelihood ratio 0.07). At the completion of the full ED evaluation protocol (positive result in greater than or equal tol of the 6 incremental steps), sensitivity and specificity for 30-day ACS was 99.1% and 87.4%, respectively (positive likelihood ratio 7.9; negative likelihood ratio 0.01). Conclusion: An accelerated chest pain evaluation strategy consisting of SECG, 2-hour delta serum marker measurements, and selective nuclear stress testing in conjunction with physician judgment identifies and excludes MI and 30-day ACS during the initial evaluation of patients with chest pain.
The "Mevalonate hypothesis": a cholesterol-independent alternative for the etiology of atherosclerosis; The "cholesterol hypothesis" is the leading theory to explain the cause of atherosclerosis. The "cholesterol hypothesis" assumes that plasma (LDL) cholesterol is an important causal factor for atherosclerosis. However, data of at least seven placebo controlled randomized prospective trials with various cholesterol lowering drugs show that plasma cholesterol lowering does not necessarily lead to protection against cardiovascular disease. Therefore an alternative hypothesis for the etiology of cardiovascular disease is formulated. This alternative hypothesis, the "mevalonate hypothesis", assumes that after stimulation of the mevalonate pathway in endothelial cells by inflammatory factors, these cells start producing cholesterol and free radicals. In this hypothesis, only the latter play a role in the etiology of atherosclerosis by contributing to the formation of oxidized cholesterol which is a widely accepted causal factor for atherosclerosis. Regardless of how the mevalonate pathway is activated (by withdrawal of statin drugs, by inflammatory factors or indirectly by reduced intracellular cholesterol levels) in all these cases free radical production is observed as well as cardiovascular disease. Since in the "mevalonate hypothesis" cholesterol is produced at the same time as the free radicals causing atherosclerosis, this hypothesis provides an explanation for the correlation which exists between cardiovascular disease and plasma cholesterol levels. From an evolutionary perspective, concomitant cholesterol production and free radical production in response to inflammatory factors makes sense if one realizes that both activities potentially protect cells and organisms from infection by gram-negative bacteria. In conclusion, data have been collected which suggest that activation of the mevalonate pathway in endothelial cells is likely to be a causal factor for atherosclerosis. This "mevalonate hypothesis" provides a better explanation for results obtained from recent clinical studies with cholesterol lowering drugs than the "cholesterol hypothesis". Furthermore, this hypothesis explains how cholesterol can be correlated with cardiovascular disease without being a causal factor for it. Finally it provides a logical explanation for the etiology of this disease.
Association of blood lead concentrations with mortality in older women: a prospective cohort study; Background: Blood lead concentrations have been associated with increased risk of cardiovascular, cancer, and all-cause mortality in adults in general population and occupational cohorts. We aimed to determine the association between blood lead, all cause and cause specific mortality in elderly, community residing women. Methods: Prospective cohort study of 533 women aged 65-87 years enrolled in the Study of Osteoporotic Fractures at 2 US research centers (Baltimore, MD; Monongahela Valley, PA) from 1986-1988. Blood lead concentrations were determined by atomic absorption spectrometry. Using blood lead concentration categorized as < 8 mu g/dL (0.384 mu mol/L), and >= 8 mu g/dL (0.384 mu mol/L), we determined the relative risk of mortality from all cause, and cause-specific mortality, through Cox proportional hazards regression analysis. Results: Mean blood lead concentration was 5.3 +/- 2.3 mu g/dL (range 1-21) [0.25 +/- 0.11 mu mol/L (range 0.05-1.008)]. After 12.0 +/- 3 years of > 95% complete follow-up, 123 (23%) women who died had slightly higher mean (+/- SD) blood lead 5.56 (+/- 3) mu g/dL [0.27(+/- 0.14) mu mol/L] than survivors: 5.17(+/- 2.0) [0.25(+/- 0.1) mu mol/L] (p = 0.09). Women with blood lead concentrations = 8 mu g/dL (0.384 mu mol/L), had 59% increased risk of multivariate adjusted all cause mortality (Hazard Ratio [HR], 1.59; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.02-2.49) (p = 0.041) especially coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality (HR = 3.08 [CI], (1.23-7.70)(p = 0.016), compared to women with blood lead concentrations < 8 mu g/dL(< 0.384 mu mol/L). There was no association of blood lead with stroke, cancer, or non cardiovascular deaths. Conclusion: Women with blood lead concentrations of = 8 mu g/dL (0.384 mu mol/L), experienced increased mortality, in particular from CHD as compared to those with lower blood lead concentrations.
Socio-Economic Status: A Barrier to Access to Mandibular Advancement Device Therapy for Patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea Syndrome in France; Background Obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS) is a major public health problem which affects between 5 to 10% of the general population. OSAS is known to be associated with high rates of morbidity and mortality mainly due to cardiovascular diseases and traffic accidents. The burden of illness is high for the individual and society. There are 2 treatment options for OSAS, Continuous Positive Airway Pressure (CPAP) and Mandibular Advancement Device therapy (MAD). CPAP is known to be an effective but very constraining treatment. Patients are usually poorly adherent. MAD is a more recent treatment easier to use and consequently better tolerated, but MAD can only be prescribed to patients with satisfactory oral hygiene. Oral health constitutes a real issue particularly among underprivileged groups in France. Through this link, the question of whether low socio-economic status constitutes a barrier to access to care for patients with OSAS is raised. Methods and Principal Findings In a multicenter prospective cohort of 2822 consecutive OSAS patients in whom MAD has been proposed as an alternative to CPAP between May 15, 2007 and December 1st, 2014, we identified the factors that lead to a patient diagnosed with OSAS to be treated by MAD instead of CPAP. A logistic regression was performed using a stepwise forward procedure. The main outcome of the study was that treatment by MAD was significantly associated with both educational attainment, as determined by the age at which the patient left full-time education, >= 18 years compared with <18 (adjusted odds ratio (aOR): 1.64, 95% CI 1.23 to 2.20), and the patient's occupational category. Executives and higher intellectual professions, intermediate professions, technicians, foremen and employees were significantly more likely to be treated by MAD than workers (aOR: 2.21, 95% CI 1.88 to 2.58; aOR: 1.74, 95% CI 1.15 to 2.63; aOR: 1.96, 95% CI 1.11 to 3.47, respectively). Conclusions Overall, these results suggest that low socio-economic status constitutes a barrier to access to MAD for patients with OSAS in France. MAD use in patients with OSAS highlights inequalities in health care access.
Electrocardiographic score as a predictor of mortality after subarachnoid hemorrhage; Electrocardiographic (ECG) changes are often associated with subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH), but it is not well known whether these have prognostic value. The present study retrospectively investigated 122 consecutive patients with SAH caused by ruptured aneurysms. The patients were classified based on the in-hospital outcome into 80 survivors and 42 nonsurvivors. In nonsurvivors, abnormalities often observed on the 12-lead ECG on arrival at hospital were abnormal Q wave, ST depression, and T wave inversion. The ECG score was defined as the total number of leads that had any of these 3 ECG abnormalities. Univariate analysis revealed a strong correlation of in-hospital death with the ECG score, the neurological status estimated by the grading of Hunt and Kosnik, age, and QTc interval. In age- and sex-adjusted multiple logistic regression analysis, the ECG score was the most powerful risk stratifier (ECG score greater than or equal to6 vs ECG score <6; p=0.0026, odds ratio 14.39, 95% confidence interval 2.54-81.71). The ECG score, a new and simple method of semi-quantification, was a powerful risk predictor in the present patients with SAH.
Factors Associated with Unanticipated Day of Surgery Deaths in Department of Veterans Affairs Hospitals; BACKGROUND: Patients of ASA physical status 1, 2, and 3 undergoing elective surgery do not have underlying conditions that are a constant threat to life, and hence should not be expected to be at significant risk for death on the day of surgery. METHODS: We analyzed 815,077 ASA physical status 1, 2, and 3 elective surgery patients in the Department of Veterans Affairs National Surgical Quality Improvement Program database to identify patients who died on the day of surgery. We then attempted to identify factors predictive of unexpected death and to identify potential areas for improvement in care. A subset of the cases underwent individual chart review as well to identify areas for improvement in anesthesia care. RESULTS: Of the total patients, 0.08% died on the day of surgery. The strongest predictive factor by multiple variable regression was the type of surgery, with aortic Surgery resulting in an odds ratio of 13.67, (95% CI 9.76-19.17). Other factors predictive of death were identified by multiple variable regressions and included low albumin, existence of dyspnea, and elevated bilirubin or creatinine. Chart reviews of 88 of the deaths found that opportunities for improved anesthesia care were present in 13 of the 88. We estimated that a death that might have been prevented by improved anesthesia care occurred in approximately 1/13,900 cases. Myocardial infarction and hemorrhage were frequently identified factors. An unexpected factor was that the period between the conclusion of surgery and the final transfer of care in recovery was a time when many of the deaths occurred. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that, although patient and Surgical factors lead to the vast majority of deaths on the day of Surgery, there are identifiable areas for reducing the incidence of such deaths by improvements in anesthesia care.
Endothelial Dysfunction and Hyperhomocysteinemia in Parkinson's Disease: Flow-Mediated Dilation Study; BackgroundLevodopa (l-dopa) therapy in Parkinson's disease (PD) increases serum homocysteine levels because of its metabolism via catechol O-methyltransferase, which may lead to endothelial dysfunction. MethodWe enrolled 40 PD patients treated with l-dopa, 33 PD patients treated with l-dopa/entacapone, 22 untreated PD and 30 controls, and compared the flow-mediated dilation in these subjects. ResultsThe flow-mediated dilation was significantly lower in PD patients with l-dopa (6.01.8%) than in those with l-dopa/entacapone (7.2 +/- 1.1%, P=0.03), untreated PD patients (7.8 +/- 1.2%, P<0.05), and controls (8.5 +/- 2.9%, P<0.05). The homocysteine level was significantly higher in PD patients with l-dopa than in other groups. In a multivariate logistic regression model, the uppermost homocysteine quartile was an independent predictor of the lowest tertile of flow-mediated dilation (odds ratio, 6.33; 95% confidence interval, 1.61-26.65; P=0.012). ConclusionsOur findings indicate that endothelial dysfunction may be associated with chronic l-dopa treatment in patients with PD. (c) 2014 International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society
Effect of biventricular pacing on ventricular repolarization and functional indices in patients with heart failure: lack of association with arrhythmic events; We prospectively assessed the effects of biventricular (BiV) pacing on electrocardiographic (ECG) and vectorcardiographic (VCG) descriptors of ventricular depolarization and repolarization and their association with appropriate implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD) activation. We studied 70 consecutive heart failure (HF) (37 ischaemic) patients (64 males, age 66.3 years) with a history of syncope or sustained ventricular tachycardia (VT) who underwent implantation of a BiV-ICD. An invasive electrophysiological study (EPS) was performed before the implantation and 12-lead digital ECGs before and 30 days after implantation. Serial echocardiographic studies were performed. Follow-up duration was 1 year. Maximum (P < 0.001) and minimum (P = 0.004) QT intervals were significantly decreased, whereas QT dispersion was not altered (P = 0.086). QRS duration was shortened (P < 0.001), whereas QRS dispersion was significantly decreased (P = 0.034). Spatial T and QRS vector amplitudes decreased (P < 0.001, for both), whereas the spatial QRS-T angle was not affected (P = 0.671). Twenty-seven (38.6%) patients, experienced appropriate ICD therapies during follow-up. None of the ECG or VCG parameters (pre- or post-implant) were able to identify patients with appropriate ICD therapies during follow-up. Only the presence of a previous episode of sustained VT (spontaneous or inducible on EPS) was strongly associated with appropriate ICD therapies (multivariate P = 0.00 014; odds ratio 24.5). Improvement or no alteration of ECG and VCG descriptors of ventricular depolarization and repolarization was demonstrated after implantation of a BiV-ICD in HF patients. None of these parameters were associated with appropriate ICD therapies, whereas a previous episode of VT or induction of sustained VT on EPS predicted appropriate ICD treatments.
Beat-to-beat repolarization lability identifies patients at risk for sudden cardiac death; Introduction: Recent studies have implicated repolarization lability in the genesis of malignant ventricular arrhythmias. However, few data exist on assessment of temporal QT interval variability and its relation to arrhythmogenesis, We tested the ability of the QT variability index (QTVI), a measure of beat-to-beat QT interval fluctuations measured on a single ECG lead, to identify patients presenting with malignant ventricular arrhythmias and predict their subsequent occurrences. Methods and Results: We measured the QTVI in 95 patients presenting for electrophysiologic study (EPS). The ability of the QTVI to identify patients with sudden cardiac death (SCD) or sustained monomorphic ventricular tachycardia (MVT) on presentation and during follow-up of 23.7 +/- 14.3 months was compared with spatial QT dispersion, T wave alternans ratio during atrial pacing, MVT inducibility at FPS, signal-averaged EGG, heart rate variability, and ejection fraction. The QTVI was higher in patients with heart disease than in controls (-0.7 +/- 0.7 vs -1.1 +/- 0.5, P < 0.05), and higher in patients presenting with SCD than in other patients with heart disease (0.0 +/- 0.6 vs -0.8 +/- 0.5, P < 0.05). The QTVI was the only clinical variable that identified patients who presented with SCD (P = 0.004, odds ratio = 12.5) on stepwise, logistic multiple regression. Fourteen patients had arrhythmic events during follow-up. In a Kaplan-Meier analysis of arrhythmic events, QTVI greater than or equal to 0.1 was a discriminator for higher risk of arrhythmic events (P < 0.05). Conclusions: (1) This noninvasive measure of temporal repolarization lability identified patients with SCD and predicted arrhythmia-free survival. (2) Further studies are needed to determine the mechanisms that mediate beat-to-beat QT interval variability.
Performance of electrocardiographic criteria for left ventricular hypertrophy as compared with cardiac computed tomography: from the Rule Out Myocardial Infarction Using Computer Assisted Tomography trial; Objective Cardiac computed tomography (CT) is a state-of-the- art technology that provides an accurate noninvasive method to quantify left ventricular mass for analysis of left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH). We aimed to examine seven ECG-based LVH criteria against two CT indexation criteria for LVH: a CT-specific body surface area cutoff and the obesity-independent height(2.7) criteria. Methods In 333 patients (mean age 53 +/- 12 years, 61% men), 64-slice contrast-enhanced CT was performed and 12-lead surface ECG within 24 h. Left ventricular mass was measured at end-diastole. Using both CT indexation criteria, the cohort was subdivided into patients with LVH and without LVH. The seven ECG criteria for LVH were the Cornell voltage index, Cornell voltage duration product, Cornell/strain index, Sokolow-Lyon index, Romhilt-Estes scores at least 4 and at least 5, and Gubner-Ungerleider. Results The ECG parameters had high specificities (85-97%) and variable low sensitivities (4-43%) when compared to either CT criteria of LVH. The three Cornell-based methods performed the best (test-positive likelihood ratio: 4.5-6.7), followed by the Sokolow-Lyon and Romhilt-Estes scores (test-positive likelihood ratio: 2.3-4.0). With the exception of the Gubner-Ungerleider criterion, the other six ECG criteria were associated with at least one of the CT-based LVH (adjusted odds ratio 2.4-9.5) and had incremental predictive value beyond that of hypertension history. Conclusion Using cardiac CT as a gold standard for LVH assessment, ECG criteria for LVH have high specificities with the three Cornell-based criteria providing the best test performance for identifying patients with LVH. J Hypertens 28:1959-1967 (C) 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health vertical bar Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Patients With Multiple Myeloma Have More Complications After Surgical Treatment of Hip Fracture; Objectives: Bone lesions from multiple myeloma may lead to pathological fracture of the proximal femur, requiring either fixation or arthroplasty. Little is known about the impact of multiple myeloma on hip fracture care. We investigated whether the patients with multiple myeloma undergoing surgical treatment of hip fractures would be at increased risk for adverse outcomes versus patients who sustain a hip fracture without multiple myeloma. Methods: Using discharge records from the Nationwide Inpatient Sample (2002-2011), we identified 2 440 513 patients older than 50 years of age with surgically treated hip fractures. Of which, 4011 (0.2%) were found to have multiple myeloma. We compared perioperative outcomes between the patients with multiple myeloma and the nonmultiple myeloma patients using multivariable logistic regression modeling. Results: Patients with multiple myeloma were more likely to have several postoperative complications, such as in-hospital pneumonia (odds ratio [ OR]: 1.31, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.14-1.51), sepsis (OR: 1.72, 95% CI: 1.32-2.25), surgical site infection (OR: 1.66, 95% CI: 1.38-2.00), and acute renal failure (OR: 1.28, 95% CI: 1.14-1.43). We found that myeloma was not associated with increased inpatient mortality, myocardial infarction, respiratory failure, thromboembolic events, or pulmonary embolism. Conclusion: Patients with multiple myeloma are at increased risk for immediate postoperative complications following surgical treatment of hip fractures including in-hospital pneumonia, surgical site infection, and acute renal failure but not hospital mortality, when compared to hip fracture patients without multiple myeloma. Perioperative management of hip fractures in patients with myeloma may be optimized by increased awareness of these risks in this subset of patients.
Efficacy of a smoking cessation program for hospital patients; Background: Hospitalization may be an opportune time to change smoking behavior because it requires smokers to abstain from tobacco at the same time that illness can motivate them to quit. A hospital-based intervention may promote smoking cessation after discharge. Methods: We tested the efficacy of a brief bedside smoking counseling program in a randomized controlled trial at Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston. The 650 adult smokers admitted to the medical and surgical services were randomly assigned to receive usual care or a hospital-based smoking intervention consisting of (1) a 15-minute bedside counseling session, (2) written self-help material, (3) a chart prompt reminding physicians to advise smoking cessation, and (4) up to 3 weekly counseling telephone calls after discharge. Smoking status was assessed 1 and 6 months after hospital discharge by self-report and validated at 6 months by measurement of saliva cotinine levels. Results: One month after discharge, more intervention than control patients were not smoking (28.9% vs 18.9%; P=.003). The effect persisted after multiple logistic regression analyses adjusted for baseline group differences, length of stay, postdischarge Smoking treatment, and hospital readmission (adjusted odds ratio, 2.19; 95% confidence interval, 1.34-3.57). At 6 months, the intervention and control groups did not differ in smoking cessation rate by self-report (17.3% vs 14.0%; P=.26) or biochemical validation (8.1% vs 8.7%; P=.72), although the program appeared to be effective among the 167 patients who had not previously tried to quit smoking (15.3% vs 3.7%; P=.01). Conclusions: A low-intensity, hospital-based smoking cessation program increased smoking cessation rates for 1 month after discharge but did not lead to longterm tobacco abstinence. A longer period of telephone contact after discharge might build on this initial success to produce permanent smoking cessation among hospitalized smokers.
Prolonged QTc interval and elevated heart rate identify the type 2 diabetic patient at high risk for cardiovascular death. The Bremen diabetes study; Aim: The Bremen Diabetes Study is an observation study to characterise type 2 diabetic patients at high risk for death and cardiovascular complications by routine metabolic and cardiovascular tests. The aim of the present analysis was to evaluate the prediction of QTc interval prolongation and/or heart rate for cardiovascular mortality in comparison to traditional cardiovascular risk factors. Methods: We followed 475 type 2 diabetic patients (age 55 - 75 years; 304 women, 171 men) from a defined residential area, seen in our clinic primarily for metabolic control. Patients with coexisting micro- or macroangiopathic complications were not excluded. Outcome data were obtained for 423 subjects. QT intervals were measured in a 12 lead ECG and corrected for heart rate with Fridericia's equation [QTc = QT/RR1/3]. Results: During the 5 year observation period 57 patients (13.5%) died due to cardiovascular causes. In multivariate analysis we found that QTc interval prolongation (p = 0.0008), elevated heart rate (p = 0.0001), serum creatinine (p=0.0260), smoking (p = 0.0056) and peripheral arterial disease (p = 0.0127) at baseline were independent predictors for cardiovascular death. The odds ratio was 2.7 (95 % CI 1.07 - 4.11) for QTc interval prolongation (> 421 ms) and 3.3 (95 % CI 1.33 - 8.19) for elevated heart rate (> 75/min). Conclusion: Easily established ECG criteria such as prolonged QTc time and elevated heart rate obviously are powerful predictors of cardiovascular death in type 2 diabetic patients and are possibly superior to the traditional cardiovascular risk factors. As heart rate itself is an independent risk indicator, QTc time should be calculated by a formula (e.g. Fridericia's equation) that more accurately corrects QT for heart rate than the widely used Bazett's formula.
Physician variability in history taking when evaluating patients presenting with chest pain in the emergency department; Objectives: The goal of this study was to examine how physicians in the emergency department ask questions of patients presenting with chest pain and whether this varies by patient demographics. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study with convenience sampling. A survey was administered to adult emergency department patients presenting with chest pain after emergency physicians obtained the history and performed the physical examination. No identifying data were collected from the patients. In addition to demographics, patients were asked whether or not their physician asked them about factors related to coronary syndrome and myocardial infarction etiology. Results: A total of 308 of 332 patients (93%) participated. Patients had a mean age of 52 years, 54% were male, and 85% spoke English; classification by race was 31% African American, 28% white, 19% Hispanic, and 13% other. History taking did not differ by gender. Patients who reported being asked about the following were statistically significantly younger than those who reported not being asked: family history, other medical problems, smoking, cocaine use, and alcohol use. Nonwhite patients reported being asked about the following more frequently than white patients: smoking (94% vs. 84%), alcohol use (81% vs. 70%), and cocaine use (64% vs. 42%). In multivariate logistic regression controlling for age, nonwhite patients were more likely than white patients to be asked about smoking (odds ratio [OR], 2.79; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.26 to 6.19), cocaine use (OR, 2.49; 95% Cl = 1.50 to 4.12), and alcohol use (OR, 1.77; 95% Cl = 1.0 to 3.09). Conclusions: The variability in questions about behavioral factors associated with chest pain etiology as reported by patients may indicate a possible cultural bias by physicians. Differences in risk identification mav lead to differences in treatment decisions.
Biochemical markers of myocardial ischemic after off- and on-pump coronary artery bypass surgery; Background Recently, coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) on the beating heart with avoidance of extracorporeal circulation (off-pump CABG technique) has been gaining increasing importance in modern cardiac surgery. The object of this prospective study was to compare postoperative kinetic and patterns of cardiac troponin I (cTnI), T (cTnT), and creatine kinase MB (CKMB) activities after off-pump CABG versus conventional on-pump CABG. Methods We studied 106 patients who underwent first-time elective on-pump (group 1, n = 69, 56 male, 13 female, mean age: 64.3 +/- 9.9 years, mean ejection fraction: 56 +/- 15%) or off-pump (group 11, n = 3 7, 24 male, 13 female, mean age: 68.4 +/- 9.1 years, mean ejection fraction: 57 +/- 13%) CABG surgery via median sternotomy. CTn I and cTnT levels, total creatine kinase (CK) and CK-MB activities in the serum were measured before operation, up on arrival at the ICU and 6, 12, 24, 48 and 120 hours later. Serial 12-lead ECGs were recorded preoperatively and on days 1, 2 and 5. Results Serum concentrations of cardiac troponins in all patients were preoperatively either not detectable or in the normal range and significantly increased after surgery. In group 1, one patient developed a Q wave myocardial infarction, one patient a non-Q wave infarction and two patients a new left bundle branch block on the ECG. One patient of group 11 developed a new Q-wave myocardial. infarction and another patient permanent atrial fibrillation associated with a continuous arrhythmia. All patients with a myocardial infarction in the ECG showed significant elevation of concentrations or activities of these biochemical markers. The median postoperative peak values for cTnI were measured at 24 h in both groups (2.7 mug/l, 95%-CI: [2.2,3.2] in group I and 1.1 mug/l, 95%-CI:[0.5,1.3] in group 11). CTnT postoperatively presented an earlier median peak of 0.128 mug/l at 12 h in group II (95%-CI:[0.041,0.146]) than in group I at 48 h (0.298 mug/l, 95%-CI: [0.254,0.335]). Conclusions All patients undergoing CABG surgery with or without extracorporeal circulation postoperatively showed an increase of cardiac troponin levels. After uncomplicated coronary revascularization, patients with the off-pump CABG technique continuously presented lower serum cardiac troponin concentrations than those with the on-pump CABG technique. CTnI showed the same patterns of release in both groups with different median postoperative peak values at 24 h. The patterns off cTnT release following CABC surgery with or without extracorporal circulation were different: CTnT reaches its postoperative peak value in patients with the off-pump CABG technique earlier than those with the on-pump CABG technique (12 h postoperatively versus 48 h).
Hospital-level associations with 30-day patient mortality after cardiac surgery: a tutorial on the application and interpretation of marginal and multilevel logistic regression; Background: Marginal and multilevel logistic regression methods can estimate associations between hospital-level factors and patient-level 30-day mortality outcomes after cardiac surgery. However, it is not widely understood how the interpretation of hospital-level effects differs between these methods. Methods: The Australasian Society of Cardiac and Thoracic Surgeons (ASCTS) registry provided data on 32,354 patients undergoing cardiac surgery in 18 hospitals from 2001 to 2009. The logistic regression methods related 30-day mortality after surgery to hospital characteristics with concurrent adjustment for patient characteristics. Results: Hospital-level mortality rates varied from 1.0% to 4.1% of patients. Ordinary, marginal and multilevel regression methods differed with regard to point estimates and conclusions on statistical significance for hospital-level risk factors; ordinary logistic regression giving inappropriately narrow confidence intervals. The median odds ratio, MOR, from the multilevel model was 1.2 whereas ORs for most patient-level characteristics were of greater magnitude suggesting that unexplained between-hospital variation was not as relevant as patient-level characteristics for understanding mortality rates. For hospital-level characteristics in the multilevel model, 80% interval ORs, IOR-80%, supplemented the usual ORs from the logistic regression. The IOR-80% was (0.8 to 1.8) for academic affiliation and (0.6 to 1.3) for the median annual number of cardiac surgery procedures. The width of these intervals reflected the unexplained variation between hospitals in mortality rates; the inclusion of one in each interval suggested an inability to add meaningfully to explaining variation in mortality rates. Conclusions: Marginal and multilevel models take different approaches to account for correlation between patients within hospitals and they lead to different interpretations for hospital-level odds ratios.
Long-term use benefits of personal frequency-modulated systems for speech in noise perception in patients with stroke with auditory processing deficits: a non-randomised controlled trial study; Objectives: Approximately one in five stroke survivors suffer from difficulties with speech reception in noise, despite normal audiometry. These deficits are treatable with personal frequency-modulated systems (FMs). This study aimed to evaluate long-term benefits in speech reception in noise, after daily 10-week use of personal FMs, in non-aphasic patients with stroke with auditory processing deficits. Design: This was a prospective non-randomised controlled trial study. Patients were allocated to an intervention care group or standard care subjects group according to their willingness to use the intervention or not. Setting: Tertiary care setting. Participants: Nine non-aphasic subjects with ischaemic stroke, normal/near-normal audiometry and auditory processing deficits and with reported difficulties understanding speech in background noise were recruited in the subacute stroke stage (3-12 months after stroke). Interventions: Four patients (intervention care subjects) used the FMs in their daily life over 10 weeks. Five patients (standard care subjects) received standard care. Primary outcome measures: All subjects were tested at baseline (visit 1) and 10 weeks later (visit 2) on a sentences in noise test with the FMs (aided) and without the FMs (unaided). Results: Speech reception thresholds showed clinically and statistically significant improvements in intervention but not in standard care subjects at 10 weeks in aided and unaided conditions. Conclusions: 10-week use of FMs by adult patients with stroke may lead to benefits in unaided speech in noise perception. Our findings may indicate auditory plasticity type changes and require further investigation.
Low-Dose Aspirin-Induced Gastroduodenal Mucosal Injury in Japanese Patients with Arteriosclerotic Disease; Background We aimed to elucidate the risk factors and preventive factors associated with chronic low-dose aspirin (L-ASA)-induced gastroduodenal mucosal injury in Japanese patients with arteriosclerotic disease. Methods This retrospective observational study included 400 L-ASA users who underwent upper gastrointestinal endoscopy. We investigated patients' clinical characteristics, including age, peptic ulcer history, concomitant drugs [i.e. gastric agents, antiplatelet drugs, anticoagulants, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), corticosteroids], abdominal symptoms, endoscopic findings, and interruption of L-ASA before endoscopy. The severity of gastroduodenal mucosal lesions was evaluated using the modified LANZA score (MLS). Results Of 400 patients, 249 (62%) and 41 (10%) had gastroduodenal mucosal lesions (MLS >= 1) and gastroduodenal ulcers, respectively. Peptic ulcer history, abdominal symptoms, proton pump inhibitor (PPI), histamine type 2-receptor antagonists (H2RA), and the cessation of L-ASA before endoscopy were significantly associated with L-ASA-induced gastroduodenal ulcers; the odds ratio (OR) (confidence interval (CI)) was 5.49 (1.82-16.55), 4.56 (1.93-10.75), 0.12 (0.03-0.42), 0.13 (0.04-0.40) and 0.11 (0.04-0.29), respectively. Moreover, patients having two or more of five factors [i.e. advanced age (>= 75), anticoagulants, antiplatelet drugs, NSAIDs and corticosteroids] had a significantly higher prevalence of L-ASA-induced gastroduodenal ulcers [OR (CI): 2.39 (1.002-5.69)]. Conclusion Peptic ulcer history, abdominal symptoms and the summation of risk factors increased the risk for L-ASA-induced gastroduodenal ulcers. H2RAs and PPIs were effective for the prevention of L-ASA-induced gastroduodenal ulcers. The cessation of L-ASA before endoscopy might lead to the underestimation of L-ASA-induced gastroduodenal injury.
Atrial fibrillation prevalence, incidence and risk of stroke and all-cause death among Chinese; Background: We investigated atrial fibrillation (AF) prevalence, incidence and the risk of stroke and all-cause death because little is known about AF risk among ethnic Chinese. Methods: We conducted a community-based prospective cohort study among 3560 participants. Prevalent and incident AF was documented by using the 12-lead ECG in baseline and serial follow-ups, and the stroke and all-cause death events were ascertained. Results: Overall prevalence rates of AF in the cohort were 1.4% in men and 0.7% in women. Incidence rates of AF were 1.68 per 1000 person-years for men and 0.76 per 1000 person-years for women. During a median 13.8 years' follow-up, we documented 208 cases of stroke and 776 deaths. As compared with those without AF, participants with AF had nearly 4 times the age, gender-adjusted risk of stroke (relative risk [RR], 3.87, 95% confidence interval [CI], 2.12-7.15), and twice the risk of death associated with all causes (RR, 2.23, 95% CI, 1.52-3.27). Further adjustment for body mass index, lifestyle factors, socioeconomic status and clinical diseases slightly attenuated these risks. In addition, after adjusting for echocardiographic measures, the following risks remained significant: the multivariate RRs were 2.90 (95% CI, 1.28-6.59) for risk of stroke and 2.05 (95% CI, 1.27-3.32) for risk of all-cause death among participants with AF. Conclusion: Our data demonstrate that AF is a significant risk factor for stroke and all-cause death for the Chinese. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Immediate/Early vs. Delayed Invasive Strategy for Patients with Non-ST-Segment Elevation Acute Coronary Syndromes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Invasive coronary revascularization has been shown to improve prognoses in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes (NSTE-ACS), but the optimal timing of intervention remains unclear. This meta-analysis is to evaluate the outcomes in immediate (< 2h), early (< 24 h), and delayed invasive group and find out which is the optimal timing of intervention in NSTE-ACS patients. Studies were identified through electronic literature search of Medline, PubMed Central, Embase, the Cochrane Library, and CNKI. Data were extracted for populations, interventions, outcomes, and risk of bias. All-cause mortality was the pre-specified primary end point. The longest follow-up available in each study was chosen. The odds ratio (OR) with 95% CI was the effect measure. The fixed or random effect pooled measure was selected based on the heterogeneity test among studies. In the comparison between early and delayed intervention, we found that early intervention led to a statistical significant decrease in mortality rate (n = 6,624; OR 0.78, 95% CI: 0.61-0.99) and refractory ischemia (n = 6,127; OR 0.50, 95% CI: 0.40-0.62) and a non-significant decrease in myocardial infarction (MI), major bleeding and revascularization. In the analysis comparing immediate and delayed invasive approach, we found that immediate intervention significantly reduced major bleeding (n = 1,217; OR 0.46, 95% CI: 0.23-0.93) but led to a non-significant decrease in mortality rate, refractory ischemia and revascularization and a non-significant increase in MI. In conclusion, early invasive strategy may lead to a lower mortality rate and reduce the risk of refractory ischemia, while immediate invasive therapy shows a benefit in reducing the risk of major bleeding.
Prevalence and prognostic significance of long QT interval among patients with chest pain: selecting an optimum QT rate correction formula; Background: Little is known about the prevalence and prognostic significance of long QT interval among patients with chest pain during the acute phase of suspected cardiovascular injury. Objectives: Our aim was to investigate the prevalence and prognostic significance of long QT interval among patients presenting to the emergency department (ED) with chest pain using an optimum QT rate correction formula. Methods: We performed secondary analysis on data obtained from the IMMEDIATE AIM trial (N, 145). Data included 24-hour 12-lead Holter electrocardiographic recordings that were stored for offline computer analysis. The QT interval was measured automatically and rate corrected using seven QTc formulas including subject specific correction. The formula with the closer to zero absolute mean QTc/RR correlation was considered the most accurate. Results: Linear and logarithmic subject specific QT rate correction outperformed other QTc formulas and resulted in the closest to zero absolute mean QTc/RR correlations (mean +/- SD: 0.003 +/- 0.002 and 0.017 +/- 0.016, respectively). These two formulas produced adequate correction in 100% of study participants. Other formulas (Bazett's, Fridericia's, Framingham's, and study specific) resulted in inadequate correction in 47.6 to 95.2% of study participants. Using the optimum QTc formula, linear subject specific, the prevalence of long QTc interval was 14.5%. The QTc interval did not predict mortality or hospital admission at short and long term follow-up. Only the QT/RR slope predicted mortality at 7 year follow-up (odds ratio, 2.01; 95% CI, 1.02-3.96; p < 0.05). Conclusions: Adequate QT rate correction can only be performed using subject specific correction. Long QT interval is not uncommon among patients presenting to the ED with chest pain. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Toenail trace element status and risk of Barrett's oesophagus and oesophageal adenocarcinoma: Results from the FINBAR study; Trace elements have been cited as both inhibitory and causative agents of cancer but importantly exposure to them is potentially modifiable. Our study aimed to examine toenail trace element status and risk of Barrett's oesophagus (BO) and oesophageal adenocarcinoma (OAC). Toenail clippings from each hallux were obtained from 638 participants of the FINBAR (Factors Influencing the Barrett's Adenocarcinoma Relationship) study comprising 221 healthy controls, 98 reflux oesophagitis, 182 BO and 137 OAC cases. The concentrations of eight toenail trace elements were determined using instrumental neutron activation analysis. Using multivariable adjusted logistic regression analysis, odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated within tertiles of trace element concentrations. A twofold increased risk of BO was observed, but not OAC, among individuals in the highest tertile of toenail zinc status OR 2.21 (95% CI, 1.114.40). A higher toenail selenium status was not associated with risk of OAC OR 0.94 (95% CI, 0.442.04) or BO OR 0.89 (95% CI, 0.372.12). A borderline significant increased risk of BO was detected with a higher toenail cobalt concentration, OR 1.97 (95% CI, 1.013.85). No association was found between toenail levels of chromium, cerium, mercury and OAC or BO risk. This is the first casecontrol study to investigate a variety of trace elements in relation to OAC and BO risk. Despite antioxidant and proapoptotic properties, no associations were found with selenium. Higher concentrations of toenail zinc and cobalt were associated with an increased BO risk, but not OAC. These findings need confirmation in prospective analysis.
Validation of patient-reported warfarin dose in a prospective incident cohort study; PurposeInconsistencies in the definition and the collection of warfarin dosing data could lead to bias in observational, clinical, and pharmacogenetic studies. The present study aims to assess the concordance between patient-reported and prescribed warfarin doses among new warfarin users in the Quebec Warfarin Cohort (QWC) study. MethodsDemographic, clinical, and lifestyle data were collected at cohort entry and each three months during a 1-year follow-up period among a subgroup of 219 patients from the prospective QWC study. We evaluated the differences between reported and prescribed warfarin doses overall and at each follow-up period. Concordance was tested in a multivariate generalized linear mixed model and allowed to vary from 95% to 105% of the prescribed dose. ResultsOverall, there was no significant difference between reported and prescribed warfarin doses (p>0.05, Pearson coefficient=0.969, power=100%). There was also no significant difference across each of four timepoints tested (p>0.05). We found that 84.0% of the reported warfarin doses were concordant with the prescribed doses. Having a history of myocardial infarction was significantly associated with a low concordance (OR=0.494; CI 95%: 0.286-0.852). ConclusionIn our population, we found that patient-reported warfarin dose and prescribed warfarin dose were comparable for the conduct of observational and clinical studies as well as for the validation and implementation of warfarin dosing algorithms. Moreover, the effect was similar whether measured in new-onset users of warfarin and after up to 12months of use. Copyright (c) 2014 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Cryptogenic ischemic stroke and prevalence of asymptomatic atrial fibrillation: a prospective study; BackgroundAtrial fibrillation is responsible for up to one-third of ischemic strokes, and is also associated with silent cerebral infarctions and transient ischemic attacks (TIAs). The self-terminating and often asymptomatic nature of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation (PAF) may lead to its underdiagnosis. A continuous and long-term heart rhythm monitoring can be useful in unmasking PAF episodes.ObjectivePrevalence of asymptomatic PAF in patients suffering a cryptogenic stroke, at risk for atrial fibrillation but without any history of arrhythmia or palpitations, using a continuous electrocardiographic monitoring.MethodsOne hundred and forty-two consecutive patients were admitted to the Stroke Unit of Citta della Salute e della Scienza' Hospital of Turin between June 2010 and March 2013 and discharged with the diagnosis of ischemic cryptogenic stroke. Sixty fulfilled predefined inclusion criteria. Follow-up was carried on and completed for the 54 patients who consented to implantable loop recorder (ILR) implantation. After ILR implantation, trans-telephonic data were collected monthly.ResultsAtrial fibrillation episodes lasting more than 5min were recorded in 25 patients (46%), median detection time was 5.4 months (range 1-18) and median duration of atrial fibrillation episodes was 20h (range 7min-8 days) with 19 patients (76%) remaining asymptomatic and the others experiencing weakness and dyspnoea but not palpitations.ConclusionLong-term heart rhythm monitoring is successful in unmasking silent atrial fibrillation in 46% of patients suffering a cryptogenic stroke with concomitant atrial fibrillation risk factors, but without history of arrhythmia or palpitations.
Consequences of iron depletion on health in menstruating women; Objective: To examine the consequences of single iron depletion on health in menstruating women, a common but rarely investigated situation in industrialized countries. Design: We studied data issued from the SU.VI.MAX. cohort via a transversal and a longitudinal (2-y follow-up) approach. Subjects and methods: Iron-depleted menstruating women (ferritin <15 mu g/l, n = 472) were compared with iron-sufficient (ferritin 30-80 mu g/l, n = 393) menstruating women (aged 35-51 y) in terms of health variables and quality of life (DUKE score) using logistic regression and analysis of variance. Results: The risk of any infection or of specific types of infections was not increased by iron deficiency. Regarding the DUKE health profile, no specific score was significantly different between the two groups: only the scores reflecting 'physical health' (P = 0.09) and 'perceived health' (P = 0.12) showed a trend toward a lower level, while the best score for 'mental health' (P = 0.11) was found in the group of iron-depleted women. The only significant difference between iron-depleted and iron-sufficient women concerned memory disorders, which were significantly less common in iron-depleted women, Odds ratio = 0.7 (0.6-0.9; P = 0.03). Conclusion: There is no conclusive evidence that an absence of iron stores has negative consequences; however, we must consider that in the case of a worsening of the iron balance, it may lead to a rapid decrease in the level of functional compounds.
Endovascular therapy for ischemic stroke Save a minute-save a week; Objective: To quantify the patient lifetime benefits gained from reduced delays in endovascular therapy for acute ischemic stroke. Methods: We used observational prospective data of consecutive stroke patients treated with IV thrombolysis in Helsinki (1998-2014; n = 2,474) to describe distributions of age, sex, stroke severity, onset-to-treatment times, and 3-month modified Rankin Scale (mRS) in routine clinical practice. We used treatment effects by time of endovascular therapy in large vessel occlusion over and above thrombolysis as reported by the Multicenter Randomized Clinical Trial of Endovascular Treatment for Acute Ischemic Stroke in the Netherlands (MR CLEAN) study to model the shift in 3-month mRS distributions with reducing treatment delays. From the 3-month outcomes we derived patient-expected lifetimes and cumulative long-term disability with incremental treatment delay reductions. Results: Each minute saved in onset-to-treatment time granted on average 4.2 days of extra healthy life, with a 95% prediction interval 2.3-5.4. Women gained slightly more than men due to their longer life expectancies. Patients younger than 55 years with severe strokes of NIH Stroke Scale score above 10 gained more than a week per each minute saved. In the whole cohort, every 20 minutes decrease in treatment delays led to a gain of average equivalent of 3 months of disability-free life. Conclusions: Small reductions in endovascular delays lead to marked health benefits over patients' lifetimes. Services need to be optimized to reduce delays to endovascular therapy.
The Dx-AF study: a prospective, multicenter, randomized controlled trial comparing VDD-ICD to VVI-ICD in detecting sub-clinical atrial fibrillation in defibrillator patients; Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common cardiac dysrhythmia. Appropriate detection of AF and early initiation of oral anticoagulation therapy are critical to reduce the risk of stroke. Patients with implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICD) are at high risk of developing AF. The purpose of the Dx-AF study is to demonstrate that a novel single-lead VDD-ICD system (Linox smart S DX) will facilitate adequate recognition of sub-clinical AF and ultimately stroke prevention with a comparable safety profile in comparison to VVI-ICD. Dx-AF is a prospective, randomized controlled, open-label trial. Patients who are indicated to receive a single-chamber ICD will be randomized to a VDD-ICD (experimental group) or single-chamber ICD (control group). We have used a sample size of 355, which after generous allowance for loss-to-follow-up, yields a sample size of 378 patients at up to 13 Canadian sites. The trial will enroll patients with ischemic or non-ischemic cardiomyopathy, age > 50 years, LVEF < 50%, scheduled for primary or secondary prevention single-chamber ICD, with no ECG-documented history of AF or flutter. The primary (efficacy) outcome of this study will be the time to the first detected and confirmed episode of AF or atrial flutter lasting at least 6 min. The secondary (safety) outcome will be a composite outcome of serious device-related complications. The proposed follow-up period in this trial will be 36 months after randomization. The Dx-AF Study should provide significant scientific evidence and guidance to an adequate ICD system choice and early AF detection/management hence improve clinical outcomes in a large patient population.
Sudden Cardiac Arrest Risk Assessment Population Science and the Individual Risk Mandate; IMPORTANCE High-resolution stratification of risk of sudden cardiac arrest (SCA) in individual patients is a tool that is necessary for achieving effective and efficient application of data generated by population-based research. This concept is at the core of initiatives for merging cost effectiveness with maximized clinical efficiency and individual patient treatment. OBSERVATIONS For this review, we analyzed data on sudden cardiac death and SCA available from population studies that included large longitudinal and cross-sectional databases, observational cohort studies, and randomized clinical trials. In the context of population science, we treated clinical trials as small, scientifically rigid population studies that generate outcomes focused on defined segments of the population. Application of probabilistic outcomes from these available sources to individual patients generally and patients at risk for SCA and sudden cardiac death in particular is limited by the diversity of the study population based on inclusion criteria and/or the absence of uniformly large effect sizes. Limited information is available on the requirements for defining small high-risk density subgroups that would lead to identification of individuals at a sufficiently high probability of SCA to have a significant effect on clinical decision making. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Synthesis of available population and clinical science data demonstrates the limitations for prediction and prevention of SCA and sudden cardiac death and provides justification for a research mandate for improving risk prediction at the level of individual patients. This leads to suggested approaches to new data generation and required research funding to address this large public health burden.
DETERMINANTS OF EARLY RECURRENCE OF CEREBRAL INFARCTION - THE STROKE DATA-BANK; We studied 1,273 patients with ischemic cerebral infarction who were entered into the Stroke Data Bank, a prospective, observational study involving four university hospitals and the Biometry and Field Studies Branch of the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke. Forty patients had noniatrogenic recurrent stroke within 30 days after the index cerebral infarction. Using life tables, the 30-day cumulative .+-. SE risk of early recurrence for all infarctions was 3.3 .+-. 0.4%. The risk of early recurrence was greatest for atherothrombotic infarction (7.9 .+-. 2.2%, eight of 113 patients) and least for lacunar infarction (2.2 .+-. 1.2%, eight of 337 patients). Both cardioembolic infarction (4.3 .+-. 0.9%, 10 of 246 patients) and infarction of undetermined cause (3.0 .+-. 0.5%, 14 of 508 patients) had intermediate risks. History of hypertension and diabetes mellitus, as well as diastolic hypertension and elevated blood sugar concentration at admission, were associated with early recurrence. Logistic regression analysis estimated the risk of early recurrence to be 8.56% in those with coexisting hypertension and a glucose concentration of 300 mg/dl versus 0.77% in the absence of these two abnormalities. Early recurrence was associated with longer median duration of initial hospital stay (27 vs. 14 days) and a higher 30-day case-fatality rate (20% vs. 7.4%). Increased weakness scores were associated with early recurrent stroke. Identification of the determinants of early  recurrent stroke may lead to better secondary prevention and may help select high-risk patients for further study.
Gender Imbalances Induced by Age Limits in Stroke Trials; Background: Gender differences in life expectancy result in a higher proportion of women in the older population. This causes a female preponderance among elderly patients with ischaemic stroke. On the other hand, upper age limits are frequently used in clinical trials, in part due to safety reasons and logistical concerns. In this study, we model how applying upper age limits will lead to a gender disparity in stroke trials, favouring the inclusion of men rather than women. Methods: We analyzed a prospective hospital-based stroke registry covering the entire Federal State of Hesse, Germany. All cases with admission between 2003 and 2005 and a final diagnosis of ischaemic stroke (ICD10:I63) were selected. For various upper age limits (70, 75, 80, 85 and 90 years), we calculated the proportion of men and women excluded based on their age when applying the respective age span to the study population. Results: A total of 34,754 patients were analyzed, and 17,748 (51%) hereof were women. Their mean age was 73.6 +/- 12.1 years. The women were older than the men (76.8 +/- 11.7 years vs. 70.2 +/- 11.7 years; p < 0.001). All upper age limits provoked a significant gender disparity by leaving a higher proportion of female than male patients outside the admissible range. In particular, selecting 80 years as the upper age cut-off excluded 19% of all male patients but 44% of all female patients (p < 0.001). Conclusions: Setting an upper age limit for ischaemic stroke trials is likely not to be gender neutral but withholds a higher proportion of female than male patients from study participation. Investigators should be aware of such gender imbalances, which may involuntarily be transferred into routine clinical practice. Copyright (C) 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel
A randomised controlled trial evaluating family mediated exercise (FAME) therapy following stroke; Background: Stroke is a leading cause of disability among adults worldwide. Evidence suggests that increased duration of exercise therapy following stroke has a positive impact on functional outcome following stroke. The main objective of this randomised controlled trial is to evaluate the impact of additional family assisted exercise therapy in people with acute stroke. Methods/Design: A prospective multi-centre single blind randomised controlled trial will be conducted. Forty patients with acute stroke will be randomised into either an experimental or control group. The experimental group will receive routine therapy and additional lower limb exercise therapy in the form of family assisted exercises. The control group will receive routine therapy with no additional formal input from their family members. Participants will be assessed at baseline, post intervention and followed up at three months using a series of standardised outcome measures. A secondary aim of the project is to evaluate the impact of the family mediated exercise programme on the person with stroke and the individual(s) assisting in the delivery of exercises using a qualitative methodology. The study has gained ethical approval from the Research Ethics Committees of each of the clinical sites involved in the study. Discussion: This study will evaluate a structured programme of exercises that can be delivered to people with stroke by their 'family members/friends'. Given that the progressive increase in the population of older people is likely to lead to an increased prevalence of stroke in the future, it is important to reduce the burden of this illness on the individual, the family and society. Family mediated exercises can maximise the carry over outside formal physiotherapy sessions, giving patients the opportunity for informal practice. Trial Registration: The protocol for this study is registered with the US NIH Clinical trials registry (NCT00666744).
A prospective, randomized, blinded assessment of multitarget thalamic and pallidal deep brain stimulation in a case of hemidystonia; Objective: Dystonia is increasingly being interpreted as a multi-nodal "network" disorder. We aimed to investigate multitarget DBS (pallidal and thalamic) versus each target alone in a prospective, randomized, blinded trial in a case of hemidystonia secondary to putaminal stroke. Methods: DBS leads were implanted in the GPi and Vim/Vop and each stimulation combination (GPi, Vim/Vop, and both) was tested for three months in a single patient. Burke-Fahn-Marsden Dystonia Rating Scale (BFMDRS) and Short-Form 36 (SF-36) were completed at the end of each trial period. Results: Multitarget (GPi+Vim/Vop) stimulation was clinically the most effective treatment and resulted in the most improvement in function and quality of life. The patient's hemidystonia improved by 25% as measured by the BFMDRS during the multitarget stimulation trial period and at the 6-month follow-up. The patient's quality of life improved by 86% and 59% during the multitarget stimulation trial period and at the 6 month follow-up respectively. Conclusion: Multitarget thalamic and pallidal DBS proved to be the most effective therapy for this patient with secondary hemidystonia due to a putaminal stroke. A single-lead approach may not be sufficient in neuromodulating a highly disorganized motor network seen in hemidystonia. Multitarget DBS should be further explored in post-stroke dystonia and may offer improved outcome in other forms of secondary dystonia with limited response to GPi DBS. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Potential and effectiveness of a telemedical rescue assistance system. Prospective observational study on implementation in emergency medicine; The demographic change and an increasing multimorbidity of patients represent increasing challenges for the adequate prehospital treatment of emergency patients. The incorporation of supplementary telemedical concepts and systems can lead to an improved guideline-conform treatment. Beneficial evidence of telemedical procedures is only known for isolated disease patterns; however, no mobile telemedical concept exists which is suitable for use in the wide variety of different clinical situations. This article presents a newly developed and evaluated total telemedical concept (TemRas) that encompasses organizational, medical and technical components. The use of intelligent and robust communication technology and the implementation of this add-on system allows the telemedical support of the rescue service for all emergencies. After development of the telemedical rescue assistance system, which includes organizational, medical and technical components, a telemedical centre and six ambulances in five different districts in North-Rhine Westphalia were equipped with this new tool. During the evaluation phase of 1 year in the routine emergency medical service the rate of complications as well as differences between urban and rural areas were analyzed with respect to different target parameters. Between August 2012 and July 2013 a total of 401 teleconsultations were performed during emergency missions and 24 during secondary interhospital transfers. No complications due to teleconsultation were observed. The mean duration (+/- SD) of teleconsultations was longer in rural areas than in urban areas with 28.6 +/- 12.0 min vs. 25.5 +/- 11.1 min (p < 0.0001). In 63.2 % of these missions administration of medications was delegated to the ambulance personnel (52.0 % urban vs. 73.6 % rural, p < 0.0001). The severity of ailments corresponded to scores of III and VI in the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA) classification. Emergency medical care of patients with support by a telemedical system is technically feasible, safe for the patient and allows medical treatment independent of spatial availability of a physician in different emergency situations.
Association Between QT-Interval Components and Sudden Cardiac Death The ARIC Study (Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities); BACKGROUND: Several reports have demonstrated that prolongation of the QT interval is associated with sudden cardiac death (SCD). However, it is unknown whether any of the components within the QT interval are responsible for its association with SCD. METHODS AND RESULTS: We examined the association of the individual QT-interval components (R-wave onset to R-peak, R-peak to R-wave end, ST-segment, T-wave onset to T-peak, and T-peak to T-wave end) with SCD in 12 241 participants (54 +/- 5.7 years; 26% black; 55% women) from the ARIC study (Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities). The QT interval and its components were measured at baseline (1987-1989) from 12-lead ECGs. SCD cases were adjudicated by a group of physicians through December 31, 2012. During a median follow-up of 23.6 years, a total of 346 cases of SCD were identified. Although prolongation of the QT interval was associated with a 49% increased risk of SCD (hazard ratio, 1.49; 95% confidence interval, 1.01-2.18), only the T-wave onset to T-peak component (per 1-SD increase: hazard ratio, 1.19; 95% confidence interval, 1.06-1.34) was associated with SCD and not any of the other components in separate models. When all of the QT-interval components were included in the same model, T-wave onset to T-peak remained the strongest predictor of SCD (per 1-SD increase: hazard ratio, 1.21; 95% confidence interval, 1.06-1.37). CONCLUSIONS: The risk of SCD with the QT interval is driven by prolongation of the T-wave onset to T-peak component. This suggests that shifting the focus from the overall QT interval to its individual components will refine SCD prediction in the community.
Cardiac diseases as a risk factor for stroke in Saudi children; Objective: To ascertain the role of cardiac diseases as a risk factor for stroke in a cohort of Saudi children who were evaluated in a retrospective and prospective study. Methods: Children with cardiac diseases were identified from within a cohort of 104 Saudi children who presented with stroke. They were seen as inpatients in the Pediatric Wards or evaluated at the Outpatient Clinics of the Division of Pediatric Neurology (DPN), and the Division of Pediatric Cardiology at King Khalid University Hospital, Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia during the periods July 1992 to February 2001 (retrospective study) and February 2001 to March 2003 (prospective study). A comprehensive form for clinical, neuroimaging, neurophysiological and laboratory data retrieval was designed and completed for each patient. Cardiac evaluation included 12-lead ECG and serial echocardiograms. Cardiac catheterization and 24-hour ambulatory ECG (Holter) were conducted on clinical discretion. Results: Cardiac diseases were the underlying risk factor for stroke in 6 (5.8%) of the 104 children (aged one month to 12 years). The patients (4 males and 2 females) were evaluated at the DPN at a mean age of 5.3 years (range = 1 - 8 years; median 6.5 years). Onset of stroke was at a mean age of 34 months (range = 4 months - 8 years; median = 30 months). Five patients had stroke in association with congenital heart disease (CHD), whereas the sixth had restrictive cardiomyopathy. The identified CHD consisted of membranous ventricular septal defect in a 5-year-old boy who had moyamoya syndrome and sickle cell beta(o)-thalassemia, asymptomatic patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) in a 17-month-old girl, atrioventricular canal defect and PDA in an 8-year-old boy who also had Down syndrome, partial anomalous pulmonary venous drainage in a one-year-old boy, and Tetralogy of Fallot in an 8-year-old boy. The latter patient developed hemiparesis secondary to a septic embolus, which evolved into brain abscess involving the right fronto-parietal region. This was successfully managed surgically. The sixth patient was an 8 1/2-year-old girl who had hemiparesis and complex partial seizure in association with restrictive cardiomyopathy. Serial echocardiograms depicted resolution of the cardiac abnormalities within 5 years and subsequent normal findings. Conclusions: Cardiac diseases, as a group, constitute a significant risk factor for stroke in Saudi children. Early diagnosis of these diseases is important to prevent further recurrences of stroke, and because some of them are potentially curable.
Health Status, Neighborhood Socioeconomic Context, and Premature Mortality in the United States: The National Institutes of Health-AARP Diet and Health Study; Objectives. We examined whether the risk of premature mortality associated with living in socioeconomically deprived neighborhoods varies according to the health status of individuals. Methods. Community-dwelling adults (n=566402; age=50-71 years) in 6 US states and 2 metropolitan areas participated in the ongoing prospective National Institutes of Health-AARP Diet and Health Study, which began in 1995. We used baseline data for 565679 participants on health behaviors, self-rated health status, and medical history, collected by mailed questionnaires. Participants were linked to 2000 census data for an index of census tract socioeconomic deprivation. The main outcome was all-cause mortality ascertained through 2006. Results. In adjusted survival analyses of persons in good-to-excellent health at baseline, risk of mortality increased with increasing levels of census tract socioeconomic deprivation. Neighborhood socioeconomic mortality disparities among persons in fair-to-poor health were not statistically significant after adjustment for demographic characteristics, educational achievement, lifestyle, and medical conditions. Conclusions. Neighborhood socioeconomic inequalities lead to large disparities in risk of premature mortality among healthy US adults but not among those in poor health. (Am J Public Health. 2012;102:680-688. doi:10.2105/AJPH.2011.300158)
Prospective evaluation of the systemic inflammatory marker C-reactive protein in patients with end-stage periodontitis getting teeth replaced with dental implants: a pilot investigation; Objectives: Serum C-reactive protein (CRP) has been shown to be a risk predictor for cardiovascular disease. Periodontal treatment reduces elevated CRP levels. The aim of this pilot investigation was to evaluate if dental implants placed after extractions in patients with end-stage periodontitis affect the serum CRP levels. Material and methods: Serum CRP levels in 10 subjects with end-stage periodontitis were measured prior to tooth extraction and placement of dental implants, and at 3-month intervals for a year post-operatively. Univariate repeated measures analysis of variance was used to estimate and test the changes in CRP levels over time. Results: Mean CRP levels decreased significantly following tooth extraction and replacement with dental implants from 3.45 to 1.55 mg/dl after 12 months (P<0.01). Six-, 9-, and 12-month post-implant placement mean CRP values were statistically significantly different from the mean pre-operative CRP value (P<0.01). Conclusions: The pilot data suggest that extraction of advanced periodontally involved teeth and their replacement with dental implants lead to a decrease in CRP levels, and dental implant placement does not change the lowered CRP levels over a 12-month period.
Role of angiotensin system and effects of its inhibition in atrial fibrillation: clinical and experimental evidence; Atrial fibrillation (AF) is a common arrhythmia that is difficult to treat. Anti-arrhythmic drug therapy, to maintain sinus-rhythm, is limited by inadequate efficacy and potentially serious adverse effects. There is increasing interest in novel therapeutic approaches that target AF-substrate development. Recent trials suggest that angiotensin converting-enzyme (ACE)-inhibitors and angiotensin-receptor blockers (ARBs) may be useful, particularly in patients with left ventricular hypertrophy or failure. The clinical potential and mechanisms of this approach are under active investigation. Angiotensin-II is involved in remodelling and may have direct electrophysiological actions. Experimental studies show protection from atrial structural and possibly electrical remodelling with ACE-inhibitors and ARBs, as well as potential effects on cardiac ion-channels. This article reviews information pertaining to the clinical use and mechanism of action of ACE-inhibitors and ARBs in AF. A lack of prospective randomized double-blind trials data limits their application in AF patients without another indication for their use, but studies under way may alter this in the near future. This exciting field of investigation may lead to significant improvements in therapeutic options for AF patients.
Cost-utility analysis of bariatric surgery compared with conventional medical management in Germany: a decision analytic modeling; Background: The objective was to evaluate cost-utility of bariatric surgery in Germany for a lifetime and 10-year horizon from a health care payer perspective. Methods: State-transition Markov model provided absolute and incremental clinical and monetary results. In the model, obese patients could undergo surgery, develop post-surgery complications, experience diabetes type II, cardiovascular diseases or die. German Quality Assurance in Bariatric Surgery Registry and literature sources provided data on clinical effectiveness and safety. The model considered three types of surgeries: gastric bypass, sleeve gastrectomy, and adjustable gastric banding. The model was extensively validated, and deterministic and probabilistic sensitivity analyses were performed to evaluate uncertainty. Cost data were obtained from German sources and presented in 2012 euros (sic). Results: Over 10 years, bariatric surgery led to the incremental cost of (sic)2909, generated additional 0.03 years of life and 1.2 quality-adjusted life years (QALYs). Bariatric surgery was cost-effective at 10 years with an incremental cost-effectiveness ratio of (sic)2457 per QALY. Over a lifetime, surgery led to savings of (sic)8522 and generated an increment of 0.7 years of life or 3.2 QALYs. The analysis also depicted an association between surgery and a reduction of obesity-related adverse events (diabetes, cardiovascular disorders). Delaying surgery for up to 3 years, resulted in a reduction of life years and QALYs gained, in addition to a moderate reduction in associated healthcare costs. Conclusions: Bariatric surgery is cost-effective at 10 years post-surgery and may result in a substantial reduction in the financial burden on the healthcare system over the lifetime of the treated individuals. It is also observed that delays in the provision of surgery may lead to a significant loss of clinical benefits.
SHOCK IN THE FIRST 24 H OF INTENSIVE CARE UNIT STAY: OBSERVATIONAL STUDY OF PROTOCOL-BASED FLUID MANAGEMENT; Precision in fluid management for shock could lead to better clinical outcomes. We evaluated the association of protocol-based fluid management with intensive care unit (ICU) and hospital mortality. We performed an observational study of mechanically ventilated patients admitted directly from our emergency department to the ICU from August 2011 to December 2013, who had circulatory shock in the first 24 h of ICU stay (systolic blood pressure <90 mmHg at ICU admission or lactate 94 mmol/L). Patients with onset of shock beyond 24 h of ICU stay were excluded. Protocol-based fluid management required close physician-nurse cooperation and computerized documentation, checking for fluid response (>= 10% arterial pulse pressure or stroke volume increase after two consecutive 250-mL crystalloid boluses), and fluid loading with repeated 500-mL boluses until fluid response became negative. Six hundred twelve mechanically ventilated patients with shock (mean [+/- SD] age, 63.0 years [16.5]; 252 or 41.2% females; mean Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation II score, 30.2 [8.8]) were studied. The fluid management protocol was used 455 times for 242 patients (39.5% of 612 patients) within the first 24 h of ICU stay, with 244 (53.6% of 455) positive responses. Adjusted for age, sex, Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation II score, comorbidity, and admission year, protocol use was associated with reduced ICU mortality (odds ratio, 0.60; 95% confidence interval, 0.39-0.94; P = 0.025) but not hospital mortality (odds ratio, 0.82; 95% confidence interval, 0.54-1.23; P = 0.369). Among mechanically ventilated patients with shock within the first 24 h of ICU stay, about half had positive fluid responses. Adherence to protocol-based fluid management was associated with improved ICU survival.
ECG Identification of Scar-Related Ventricular Tachycardia With a Left Bundle-Branch Block Configuration; Background-A left bundle-branch block (LBBB)-like pattern with a dominant S-wave in V(1) is common in idiopathic ventricular arrhythmias (VA). Discrimination between idiopathic and scar-related LBBB pattern VA has important clinical implications. We hypothesized that the VA QRS morphology is influenced by the presence of ventricular scar, allowing ECG discrimination of VA arising from structurally normal versus scarred myocardium. Methods and Results-Twelve-lead ECGs of 297 LBBB pattern monomorphic VA were recorded during catheter ablation procedures. QRS morphology characteristics associated with scar-related VA were identified in retrospective analysis of 118 LBBB pattern VA (95 scar-related, 23 idiopathic) to develop a stepwise algorithm that was prospectively tested in 179 LBBB pattern VA (120 scar-related, 59 idiopathic). The diagnosis of scar was based on sinus rhythm surface ECG, cardiovascular imaging, and electroanatomic catheter mapping. A precordial transition beyond V(4), notching of the S-wave downstroke in lead V(1) or V(2), and a duration from the onset of QRS to the S-nadir in V(1) > 90 ms were independent predictors for scar-related VA. The proposed algorithm classified a VA as scar-related if any of these criteria was met. If none of the criteria was present, a VA was classified as idiopathic. In prospective validation, the algorithm was highly sensitive (96%) and specific (83%) for the identification of scar-related LBBB pattern VA. Conclusions-The QRS morphology of VA is different between scar-related and idiopathic VA. A simple ECG algorithm is sensitive for identifying scar-related LBBB VA, which could be helpful in guiding further evaluation of these patients. (Circ Arrhythm Electrophysiol. 2011; 4:486-493.)
QT dispersion and late potentials during doxorubicin therapy for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma - Introduction; Objectives. To investigate effects of doxorubicin therapy on cardiac electrophysiology, with special emphasis on QT dispersion and late potentials, in lymphoma patients, Design, Prospective study. Setting. University hospital. Subjects. Twenty-eight adult non-Hodgkin's lymphoma patients who received doxorubicin to a cumulative dose of 400-500 mg m(-2). Main outcome measures. Standard 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) and signal-averaged ECG (SAECG) recordings were performed at baseline and after cumulative doxorubicin doses of 200, 400 and 500 mg m(-2). Results. Heart rate-corrected QT interval (QTc) increased from 402 +/- 4 to 416 +/- 5 ms: (P = 0.002) during the study period, QT dispersion (variability in QT interval duration amongst the different leads of the standard 12-lead ECG) increased from 24.1 +/- 2.5 to 35.0 +/- 2.8 ms (P = 0.041) and QTc dispersion increased from 26.5 +/- 2.5 to 39.0 +/- 3.5 ms (P = 0.039), Five patients (18%) developed QT dispersion exceeding 50 ms, In addition, two patients (7%) developed late potentials during doxorubicin therapy. The changes in QTc duration, QT dispersion and late potentials occurred independently of the impairment of left, ventricular function, Conclusions, Prolongation of QTc, increased QT dispersion and development of late potentials are indicative of doxorubicin-induced abnormal ventricular depolarization and repolarization, QT dispersion and late potentials are both known to be associated with increased risk of serious ventricular dysrhythmias and sudden death in various cardiac diseases, Thus, follow-up of these parameters might also be useful in assessing the risk of late cardiovascular events in cancer patients treated with anthracyclines.
Cardiogoniometry as a diagnostic tool in patients with acute coronary syndromes: results of the CGM@ACS trial; Cardiogoniometry (CGM) is a novel electrocardiac method utilising computer-assisted three-dimensional information on cardiac potentials. To investigate the potential of CGM in discriminating non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome (NSTE-ACS) and relevant coronary stenosis upon hospital admission by prospectively comparing its sensitivity, specificity and accuracy against those of a single troponin test and a 12-lead ECG performed on admission A multicenter prospective observational trial. Eight interventional cardiac centres in Germany. A cohort of 216 patients (mean age 67 years, 34.7 % female) who presented with acute chest pain or dyspnoea without ST-segment elevation and were scheduled for coronary angiography within 72 h of admission. Pre-angiography screening by CGM, troponin test, 12-lead ECG ECG, troponin and CGM on admission compared with final diagnosis of NSTE-ACS or relevant diameter stenosis a parts per thousand yen70 % verified by an independent review board and an angiographic core laboratory. NSTE-ACS was finally confirmed in 162 cases, whereas the remaining 54 cases without proof of NSTE-ACS served as controls. Diagnostic sensitivity for NSTE-ACS was 28, 50 and 69 % and specificity 78, 96 and 54 % for first ECG, serial troponin and first CGM, respectively. Accuracy was 40, 62 and 65 %. The sensitivity of the tests to detect relevant coronary stenosis (n = 126) was 32, 53 and 74 %, respectively. The sensitivity of CGM to detect NSTE-ACS (65 %) or relevant stenosis (71 %) was high even in patients with normal troponin and ECG. CGM can detect NSTE-ACS at first medical contact. CGM in conjunction with traditional markers, 12-lead ECG and troponin may effectively aid early decision making in patients presenting with acute chest pain.
Filtered signal-averaged P-wave duration during pneumoperitoneum in patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy: A reflection of pathophysiological cardiac changes; Background Induction of pneumoperitoneum (PP) may lead to adverse cardiac functions secondary to changes such as decreased venous return and hypercarbia. The assessment of cardiac electrical activity by signal averaging may reflect various hemodynamic derangements and serve as a prognostic marker for arrhythmias. The aim of the study is to examine characteristic electrocardiographic changes that may occur during PP, by using signal-averaged P-wave analysis. Methods Twenty healthy (ASA I and II) patients were enrolled in a prospective paired control study, and underwent elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. A standard ECG together with computerized filtered signal-averaged P-wave duration measurement (leads X, Y, Z) were carried out during awareness, under anesthesia before and during PP, and after CO2 evacuation. Depth of anesthesia was controlled by bi-spectral index (BIS). Results An increased duration of P-wave was observed during PP in comparison to the anesthesia phase before PP (111 versus 115 ms, t-test and Wilcoxon signed rank test). A significant increase was also detected in the maximal value of P-wave duration between these phases of the operation. The difference in the number of patients in whom the duration increased by at least 5 ms was also found to be significant. Conclusions Primarily, a decreased P-wave duration was expected, due to cardiac autonomic sympathetic predominance during PP. Its prolongation during PP may reflect some cardiac pathophysiological (structural and functional) changes, including influence on cardiac ion channels during depolarization. Usually, clinical consequences related to laparoscopic cholecystectomy are absent, but clinical awareness should be maintained for cardiac diseased patients undergoing prolonged laparoscopic procedures.
ACST: How a trial can become a dilemma; Carotid thromboendarterectomy (CEA) is one of the most frequent operations in vascular surgery today. Large prospective randomised trials such as the Asymptomatic Carotid Surgery Trial (ACST) have shown that CEA in patients with asymptomatic carotid stenosis is significantly superior to best medical treatment alone. ACST therefore represents the highest evidence level (level I) and clinical recommendation (A). So, how can these favourable results lead to problems in daily surgical practice? The main reason is that the prophylactic value of CEA is directly correlated with the surgeon's perioperative complication rate. If the individual stroke rate is low, absolute risk reduction rises, and the numbers needed to treat will be reduced. The perioperative complication rate depends considerably on individual case load and centre volume. This implies that CEA should be done only in specialised high-volume centres; on the other hand, this might impair surgical training. Another problem is lack of transparency of treatment results for patients and admitting general practitioners.
An insight into the Interaction between Clopidogrel and Proton Pump Inhibitors; Platelet activation and aggregation have been established as pivotal elements in the pathogenesis of atherosclerotic and ischemic diseases, including acute coronary syndromes. The difficulty of achieving optimal platelet inhibition remains a major constraint following dual-antiplatelet therapy, which can lead to a diminished response following initiation of clopidogrel therapy. Though the absolute mechanisms underlying clopidogrel resistance are controversial, a variety of responsible factors are recognized. Clopidogrel, being a prodrug, requires conversion to an active metabolite for its activity. This metabolism involves various cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes at different steps, and it is hypothesized that competitive inhibition of CYPs may contribute to clopidogrel resistance. Proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) are competitive inhibitors of CYPs that can attenuate the antiplatelet activity of clopidogrel, and this can lead to clopidogrel resistance. Available data from different clinical studies have postulated the possibility of a drug-drug interaction between clopidogrel and PPIs. PPIs differ somewhat in their pharmacokinetic properties like bioavaibility and affinity for CYP2C19. However it is not clear whether the proposed drug interaction of PPI with clopidogrel is same with all PPIs (i.e., a class effect) or it is limited to a subset of PPIs (i.e., a drug effect). This interaction needs further assessment with well designed prospective clinical trials, before any change in clinical practice should be considered. In this review, we attempt to evaluate the available evidence exploring drug interactions with PPIs as the underlying mechanism for the reduced antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel.
Long-term follow-up of cardioverter-defibrillator implanted under conscious sedation in prepectoral subfascial position; Background Implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (ICDs) with intravenous electrode systems and downsized generators can be implanted by use of operative techniques similar to those employed for the insertion of permanent pacemakers. However, the safety, efficacy, and long-term follow-up of simplified implantation procedures remain to be evaluated. This report is a prospective long-term evaluation of nonselected patients receiving ICDs in the prepectoral subfascial position under conscious sedation. Methods and Results Clinical characteristics of the 231 consecutive patients included a mean age of 63 years, a male-to-female ratio of 6.4, a left ventricular ejection fraction of 0.34, a mild-to-moderate heart failure in 91%, coronary artery disease in 84%, and a history of aborted sudden cardiac death or refractory ventricular tachyarrhythmias. insertion of transvenous leads and prepectoral subfascial ICD implantation were performed in electrophysiology laboratories under local anesthesia and conscious sedation with intravenous midazolam and propofol. Successful implantation in all patients (operation time, 80+/-32 minutes, mean +/-SD) irrespective of body size and skin thickness was free of major complications, including need for emergency intubation. After surgery, 1 pocket hematoma, 1 seroma, and 1 pneumothorax required treatment There was no operative or first-month mortality. During long-term follow-up averaging 453 +/- 296 days, six leads required repositioning, but pocket erosions or infections did not occur. First-year total survival was 97%. Conclusions Implantation under conscious sedation of ICDs in the prepectoral subfascial position is a safe and effective procedure with low operative and postoperative morbidity and favorable long-term outcome.
STROKE IN A FRENCH PROSPECTIVE POPULATION STUDY; Since 1985 there has been a Stroke Registry in Dijon to record every stroke occurring in the population of a city of 140,000 inhabitants. The survey has been exhaustive and included the numerous sources of information as well as CT scanning. The annual incidence is 145/100,000 with an annual specific incidence of 170/100,000 in men, 126/100,000 in women. The annual specific incidence shows a female preponderance until 30 years of age, after which the males lead from the age of 30 to 80, when the rates become equal. Sixty-eight percent of strokes produced by infarct, 12% by lacunae, 5% by subarachnoid hemorrhage and 15% by cerebral hemorrhage. Differences exist in this distribution, with the preponderance of young people in subarachnoid hemorrhage, and cerebral hemorrhage is commoner in the 5th decade while infarct increases with age in both sexes. Infarct appears commoner during winter, transient ischemic attacks during summer, while cerebral hemorrhage has a constant incidence  during the year. Mortality is high mainly during the 1st month with 12.5% during the 1st week, 21.5% the 1st month and 30% the 1st year. Our results area in the mean similar to white occidental countries, but opposite to those observed in Japan; they emphasize the importance of the lacunar syndrome, and the seasonal variations in different types of stroke.
A Novel Risk Score to Predict Dysphagia After Cardiac Surgery Procedures; Background. Although the exact cause of dysphagia after cardiac operations is unknown, timely diagnosis is critical to avoid a devastating aspiration event. Accordingly, we sought to generate the risk of dysphagia in cardiac surgery (RODICS) score to identify patients at risk for its development after heart surgery. Methods. All adult heart surgery patients at our institution between January 2011 and March 2012 were analyzed. A videofluoroscopic swallow study stratified patients into two groups based on the presence or absence of dysphagia. Covariates (p < 0.20) were included in a multivariable model to determine the strongest independent predictors of postoperative dysphagia. Based on the relative odds ratios of significant variables, the RODICS score was generated. Risk cohorts were then created based on easily applicable, whole-integer score cutoffs. Results. During the study period, 115 of 1,314 patients (8.8%) undergoing heart surgery were diagnosed with clinically significant dysphagia. The 38-point RODICS score comprises seven patient-specific characteristics and perioperative factors. The low risk (less than 4), intermediate risk (5 to 9), and high risk (more than 9) cohorts had postoperative dysphagia rates of 3.0%, 6.8%, and 21.6%, respectively (p < 0.001). The intermediate-risk cohort (odds ratio 2.3, 95% confidence interval: 1.33 to 4.27, p = 0.01) and high-risk cohort (odds ratio 8.9, 95% confidence interval: 5.22 to 15.32, p < 0.001) were at significantly higher risk of dysphagia developing. The RODICS score demonstrated excellent discriminatory ability (area under the curve 0.75). Conclusions. The incidence and impact of dysphagia after open cardiac operations is significant. This novel scoring system could lead to prompt identification of patients at high risk for postoperative dysphagia and potentially minimize the complications of aspiration. (C) 2015 by The Society of Thoracic Surgeons
Clinical trials in the out-of-hospital setting: Rationale and strategies for successful implementation; Cardiopulmonary arrest and trauma are two of the major epidemics of our time. In most cases, the final outcome is altered, for better or for worse, by how interventions are provided in the prehospital setting, making that venue critical for lifesaving community research efforts. In certain venues, out-of-hospital emergency medical services personnel are highly skilled at managing resuscitations and routinely operate under strict, highly scrutinized protocols, resulting in extraordinary study compliance. Larger patient enrollment derived from population-based investigations can lead to faster study completion, less selection bias, higher-powered data, and enhanced subgroup analysis. Most importantly, the concomitant training, expert protocol development, and rigid scrutiny all lead to improved patient outcomes, regardless of study intervention. For successful implementation, emergency medical services personnel should be involved in study design, and utilize routine, automated data collection. Technologies should be provided that simplify tasks and diminish confounding variables. Considering that exception to informed consent is a critical component, prospective education and involvement of the medical community, community leaders, employee groups and the media, long before protocol implementation, is essential. Such efforts should be led by respected, academically authoritative, grassroots emergency medical services medical directors and trauma chiefs, preferably those based at the main trauma centers or public receiving facilities. (Crit Care Med 2009; 37[Suppl:S91-S101)
Analysis of up-to-date studies investigating effects of physical rehabilitation on traditional and novel biochemical parameters in PAD patients with intermittent claudication: a review; Peripheral arterial disease severity ranges from asymptomatic (Fontaine stage I) through intermittent claudication (Fontaine stage II) to critical ischaemia (stage III and IV). Supervised exercise training is the main therapy used for PAD in the intermittent claudication stage. The aim of this article is to review the current literature in order to highlight known factors of PAD pathophysiology that change significantly after long-term exercise training and to determine future predictors for the effectiveness of PAD claudicants rehabilitation treatment. PubMed were searched for articles published during the last 23 years. The focus was on prospective randomized studies with control group, with long-term exercise training models that have met the EBM criteria. Except for the combination of traditional, nonspecific atherosclerosis factors only: 1) nitric oxide metabolite plasma concentrations as a marker of endothelial cell function, 2) plasma fibrinolysis activity and 3) obtained from gastrocnemius muscle biopsy markers of angiogenesis and myosin heavy chain (MHC) protein change significantly before and after physical rehabilitation in PAD patients with intermittent claudication. There is limited data on the associations between atherosclerosis markers as predictors of exercise training effectiveness in peripheral atherosclerosis. The current review contributes to a better understanding of the mechanisms that lead to the improvement of the clinical status of patients with intermittent claudication in the course of long-term physical training. Clearly, there is a need for further studies to understand the biochemical mechanisms involved in vascular changes due to physical rehabilitation.
Association of Public Reporting for Percutaneous Coronary Intervention With Utilization and Outcomes Among Medicare Beneficiaries With Acute Myocardial Infarction; Context Public reporting of patient outcomes is an important tool to improve quality of care, but some observers worry that such efforts will lead clinicians to avoid high-risk patients. Objective To determine whether public reporting for percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) is associated with lower rates of PCI for patients with acute myocardial infarction (MI) or with higher mortality rates in this population. Design, Setting, and Patients Retrospective observational study conducted using data from fee-for-service Medicare patients (49 660 from reporting states and 48 142 from nonreporting states) admitted with acute MI to US acute care hospitals between 2002 and 2010. Logistic regression was used to compare PCI and mortality rates between reporting states (New York, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania) and regional nonreporting states (Maine, Vermont, New Hampshire, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Maryland, and Delaware). Changes in PCI rates over time in Massachusetts compared with nonreporting states were also examined. Main Outcome Measures Risk-adjusted PCI and mortality rates. Results In 2010, patients with acute MI were less likely to receive PCI in public reporting states than in nonreporting states (unadjusted rates, 37.7% vs 42.7%, respectively; risk-adjusted odds ratio [OR], 0.82 [95% CI, 0.71-0.93]; P=.003). Differences were greatest among the 6708 patients with ST-segment elevation MI (61.8% vs 68.0%; OR, 0.73 [95% CI, 0.59-0.89]; P=.002) and the 2194 patients with cardiogenic shock or cardiac arrest (41.5% vs 46.7%; OR, 0.79 [95% CI, 0.64-0.98]; P=.03). There were no differences in overall mortality among patients with acute MI in reporting vs nonreporting states. In Massachusetts, odds of PCI for acute MI were comparable with odds in nonreporting states prior to public reporting (40.6% vs 41.8%; OR, 1.00 [95% CI, 0.71-1.41]). However, after implementation of public reporting, odds of undergoing PCI in Massachusetts decreased compared with nonreporting states (41.1% vs 45.6%; OR, 0.81 [95% CI, 0.47-1.38]; P=.03 for difference in differences). Differences were most pronounced for the 6081 patients with cardiogenic shock or cardiac arrest (prereporting: 44.2% vs 36.6%; OR, 1.40 [95% CI, 0.85-2.32]; postreporting: 43.9% vs 44.8%; OR, 0.92 [95% CI, 0.38-2.22]; P=.03 for difference in differences). Conclusions Among Medicare beneficiaries with acute MI, the use of PCI was lower for patients treated in 3 states with public reporting of PCI outcomes compared with patients treated in 7 regional control states without public reporting. However, there was no difference in overall acute MI mortality between states with and without public reporting. JAMA. 2012;308(14):1460-1468 www.jama.com
In-Hospital Mortality and Complication Rates in Surgically and Conservatively Treated Patients with Spontaneous Intracerebral Hemorrhage in Central Europe: A Population-Based Study; OBJECTIVE: Secondary complications (SC) after intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) can worsen outcome and are associated with early death. The purpose of the present study was to determine in-hospital mortality rates and SC after spontaneous ICH during acute care stay in a population-based cohort in central Europe. METHODS: A prospective database of the State of Hesse, Germany, was screened for all patients with the primary diagnosis of spontaneous ICH (International statistical classification-10: I61.0-I61.9) between January 2007 and December 2012. RESULTS: In the examined time period 10,029 patients with spontaneous ICH were identified. The cumulative rate of SC was 39.9% (1, 2, or >= 3 SC were documented in 25.0%, 10.1%, and 4.7%, respectively). The most common SC were pneumonia (15.1%), brain edema (6.5%), cardiac decompensation (5.9%), urogenital infection (5.5%), hydrocephalus (4.6%), epilepsy (3.4%), and rebleeding (3.4%). One, 2, or >= 3 SC were found in 2512 patients (25.0%), 1012 (10.1%), 473 (4.7%) patients, respectively. One SC was only a predictor of in-hospital mortality in conservatively treated patients (odds ratio [OR], 1.3; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.2-1.5, P<0.001). With an accumulation of SC to >= 3 the chance of in-hospital death increases for surgically (OR, 3.7, 95% CI 2.3-5.9; P<0.001) and conservatively (OR, 3.0, 95% CI 2.3-3.9; P<0.001) treated patients. CONCLUSIONS: Surgical treatment of hematomas is associated with an increased rate of SC, but not with higher mortality rates compared with conservatively treated patients. The prevention of an accumulation of SC could lead to a decrease of in-hospital mortality after spontaneous ICH.
High-rise buildings and neurologically favorable outcome after out-of-hospital cardiac arrest; Background: The number of people living in high-rise buildings has recently been increasing in Japan, and delayed transport time by emergency-medical-service (EMS) personnel from higher floors could lead to lower survival after out-of-hospital cardiac arrest (OHCA). However, there are no clinical studies assessing the association between the floor where patients reside and neurologically favorable outcome after OHCA. Methods: This was a prospective, population-based study conducted in Osaka City, Japan that enrolled adults aged >=18 years suffering an OHCA of cardiac origin before EMS arrival between 2013 and 2014. The primary outcome measure was one-month survival with neurologically favorable outcome. We divided OHCA patients into the following groups: those residing on >=3 floors (the high floor group) and <3 floors (the low floor group). Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to assess factors associated with neurologically favorable outcome. Results: A total of 2979 patients were eligible for analysis. Of them, 1885 (62.3%) occurred below the third floor and 1094 (37.4%) occurred at or above the third floor. The proportion of neurologically favorable outcome after OHCA was significantly lower in the high floor group than in the low floor group (2.7% [30/1094] versus 4.8% [91/1885], P=0.005). In a multivariate analysis, neurologically favorable outcome after OHCA was significantly lower in the high floor group than in the low floor group (adjusted odds ratio, 0.59 [95% confidence interval, 0.37-0.96]). Conclusions: In this population, one-month survival with neurologically favorable outcome from OHCA was lower in the high floor group than in the low floor group. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Weight Approximation in Stroke Before Thrombolysis The WAIST-Study: A Prospective Observational "Dose-Finding" Study; Background and Purpose-Because of the narrow therapeutic range for thrombolysis in stroke, accurate weight-based dosing is essential for efficacy and safety. Stroke patients are frequently incapable to communicate their correct body weight (BW). Thus, dosing is often based on BW estimation, which may lead to dosing errors. The aim of our study was to evaluate availability of BW information, accuracy of estimations, and final dosing of Alteplase (tissue plasminogen activator [tPA]) in a routine clinical setting. Methods-A total of 109 consecutive intravenous thrombolysis patients were prospectively included in the study. Recruitment concluded with 100 complete data sets. Before therapy, BW was estimated independently by 2 physicians, 2 emergency nurses, and a neuroradiological technical assistant. Patients were weighed, and anthropometric measurements for BW approximation were taken. Dosing errors were assessed. Clinical outcome was evaluated at 90 days. Results-Of 109 patients, 55 (50.5%) were unable to provide information on their BW. Of those, 11 (20%) were accompanied by relatives able to give BW information. For all patients, estimation errors rates ranged from 20.8% (patient's own estimation) up to 38.2% (treating physician) and 42.2% (emergency nurse). Finally, 29 patients received an Alteplase dosage diverging >10% from the optimal dose. Twelve were under-and 17 overdosed. Underdosage was an independent predictor for worse outcome in multivariate analysis. Conclusions-Our study shows that reliable BW data are missing for a majority of intravenous thrombolysis patients. Measuring BW before administering Alteplase remains challenging. Given dosing errors in one-third of patients and the observed impact on outcome, standardized weighing before thrombolysis should be considered.
Incidence and case-fatality rates of stroke in Burgundy (France). Comparison between a rural (Avallon) and an urban (Dijon) population, between 1989 and 1993; The decline of mortality from stroke observed in some countries may result from a fall in incidence or a decrease in case-fatality rates from stroke. The present study was conducted to evaluate the role of geographical parameters, comparing an urban and a rural population in Burgundy, France to look for differences in risk factor distribution. The study was a prospective, and complete case-ascertainment in a population-based survey. It was conducted on a well-defined population-based survey in a rural town (Avallon 8900 subjects) and an urban town (Dijon 140,000 subjects) in the area of Burgundy (France), from 1989 through 1993. All first-ever stroke events occurring in these two populations, whatever the age, were registered by a special six-level case-registration system. 1118 strokes cases were identified, 986 in Dijon and 132 in Avallon. In the rural area (Avallon), the incidence and case-fatality rates at 28 days were higher than those of Dijon. The higher incidence rate in Avallon may be explained by the fact that there was a higher rate of non-treated hypertension. The higher case-fatality rate in Avallon may be explained by a higher rate of hemorrhagic strokes and of comatous patients. Rural and urban populations perhaps have not the same risk factors for stroke. The differences observed in incidence and case-fatality rates should lead to a survey on the risk factors and their diagnosis and treatment between rural and urban populations.
Prophylactic, Endovascularly Based, Long-Term Normothermia in ICU Patients With Severe Cerebrovascular Disease Bicenter Prospective, Randomized Trial; Background and Purpose-We sought to study the effectiveness and safety of endovascular cooling to maintain prophylactic normothermia in comparison with standardized, stepwise, escalating fever management to reduce fever burden in patients with severe cerebrovascular disease. Methods-This study was a prospective, randomized, controlled trial with a blinded neurologic outcome evaluation comparison between prophylactic, catheter-based normothermia (CoolGard; ie, body core temperature 36.5 degrees C) and conventional, stepwise fever management with anti-inflammatory drugs and surface cooling. Patients admitted to 1 of the 2 neurointensive care units were eligible for study inclusion when they had a (1) spontaneous subarachnoid hemorrhage with Hunt & Hess grade between 3 and 5, (2) spontaneous intracerebral hemorrhage with a Glasgow Coma Scale score <= 10, or (3) complicated cerebral infarction requiring intensive care unit treatment with a National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score >= 15. Results-A total of 102 patients (56 female) were enrolled during a 3.5-year period. Fifty percent had a spontaneous subarachnoid hemorrhage, 40% had a spontaneous intracerebral hemorrhage, and 10% had a complicated cerebral infarction. Overall median total fever burden during the course of treatment was 0.0 degrees C hour and 4.3 degrees C hours in the catheter and conventional groups, respectively (P<0.0001). Prophylactic normothermia did not lead to an increase in the number of patients who experienced a major adverse event. No significant difference was found in mortality and neurologic long-term follow-up. Conclusions-Long-term, catheter-based, prophylactic normothermia significantly reduces fever burden in neurointensive care unit patients with severe cerebrovascular disease and is not associated with increased major adverse events. (Stroke. 2009;40:e657-e665.)
WORKING CAPACITY AFTER A SUBARACHNOID HAEMORRHAGE: A SIX-YEAR FOLLOW-UP; Objective: Subarachnoid haemorrhage can lead to long-term disabilities. It is a major health issue for the patient and can affect work capacity. The aim of this study was to investigate working capacity after subarachnoid haemorrhage from a long-term perspective, using data from national sick leave records. In addition, factors associated with working capacity were analysed. Design: A retrospective cohort study. Subjects/patients: A consecutive total sample of 38 working-age participants with first-ever subarachnoid haemorrhage was included. Working capacity of the 30 participants not on early retirement prior to the subarachnoid haemorrhage was analysed. Methods: Working capacity was defined as no longer being registered on sick leave or early retirement in the Social Insurance Agency and not being age retired or deceased. Results: Regain of working capacity continued until 2.5 years post-subarachnoid haemorrhage and 73% of the participants were deemed to have working capacity. Functional independence at discharge from hospital, and higher responsiveness at admittance were the main factors associated with an earlier regain of working capacity. Conclusion: Nearly three-quarters of subjects were deemed to have working capacity within 2.5 years post-subarachnoid haemorrhage with a non-self-reported outcome. This information will help to individualize rehabilitation for affected persons.
Rapid Access Carotid Endarterectomy can be Performed in the Hyperacute Period without a Significant Increase in Procedural Risks; Objectives: The highest risk of recurrent stroke after suffering a transient ischaemic attack (TIA) or minor stroke is during the first 7-14 days. Contemporary guidelines recommend that carotid endarterectomy (CEA) should be performed within this time period, but there are concerns regarding (1) how this can be achieved logistically and (2) whether this policy is associated with a significant increase in procedural risks. Design: This is a prospective, consecutive study of delays to surgery and 30-day outcomes in recently symptomatic patients who underwent CEA between 1 October 2008 and 15 June 2010 after the creation of a rapid access TIA service. Results: A total of 109 symptomatic patients underwent CEA, 78% within 14 days of the index event and 90% within 14 days of referral. The median delay to surgery was 9 days from the index event and 4 days from referral. There were no perioperative deaths. Two strokes occurred (one intra-operative and one post-operative) to give a 30-day death/stroke rate of 1.83%. Patients undergoing CEA within 14 days of the index event incurred a death/stroke rate of 2.4% (2/84), increasing to 4.3% in patients undergoing surgery within 7 days (2/47). Conclusion: Service reconfigurations can lead to significant reductions in delays to treatment in patients with symptomatic carotid disease. CEA can be performed in the hyperacute period without significantly increasing the operative risk. (C) 2010 European Society for Vascular Surgery. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Highly active antiretroviral therapy and dyslipidemia in people living with HIV/AIDS in Fako Division, South West Region of Cameroon; Background: The advent of HAART has been associated with a profound reduction in morbidity and mortality from HIV/AIDS. However, side effects and toxicities associated with HAART may lead to an increased risk for cardiovascular diseases. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of dyslipidemia and determining factors of derangements in lipid profile associated with the use of HAART regimens in people living with HIV/AIDS in Fako Division of the South West Region of Cameroon. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted between March and August 2014. Lipid profile was determined after overnight fast and dyslipidemia diagnosed according to the US National Cholesterol Education Program III criteria. Socio-demographic characteristics were also collected using a questionnaire. Data was analyzed using STATA; chi-square test, student's t-test, ANOVA and logistic regressions were computed. Results: Two hundred and nine participants were recruited including 157 (75.1 %) on HAART and 52 (24.9 %) HAART-naive. Antiretrovirals were drugs containing two nucleoside backbones (zidovudine//lamivudine/tenofovir) with either a non-nucleoside (nevirapine/efavirenz) or a protease inhibitor (lopinavir). No patient was treated with statins. Their mean age was 43.4 (+/- 11.0) years. The mean CD4(+) T cell count was 425 (+/- 281) cells/mu l after mean duration of HIV infection of 54.8 (+/- 43.9) months and mean duration on ART of 63.7 (+/- 41.4) months. The prevalence of total cholesterol (>= 200 mg/dL) was 51.0 % in patients on HAART and 9.6 % pre-HAART patients (p < 0.0001), whereas LDL-cholesterol >= 130 mg/dL occurred in 36.9 % and in 7.7 % respectively, (p = 0.0001). Receiving HAART (adjusted odds ratio =6.24, 95 % CI: 2.33-17.45, p < 0.0001) and HIV duration of 42 months and more (aOR = 2.26, 95 % CI: 1.16-4.42, p = 0.017) were independently associated with total cholesterol = 200 mg/dL. Receiving HAART (aOR = 5.28, 95 % CI: 1.17-16.32, p = 0.004) was independently associated with raised LDL-cholesterol values. The adjusted odds ratio (95 % CI) of BMI >= 25.0 kg/m(2) versus BMI < 25.0 kg/m(2) was 3.25 (1.44-7.34) for triglycerides >= 150 mg/dL. Conclusion: HAART regimens were significantly associated with atherogenic lipid profile. Lipid profile should be monitored in HIV/AIDS patients on therapy so that any negative effects of HAART are optimally managed.
National study of obliterative arterial disease of the lower limbs involving general practitioners in France: Artemio study; A national survey was performed in France from May to June, 1993. The aim of this study was to evaluate general practitioners' attitudes and behaviors when diagnosing and managing patients with lower extremity arterial disease (LEAD). One thousand general practitioners, randomly drawn from an exhaustive list, were contacted to participate in a telephone interview concerning the last patient with intermittent claudication seen in their practice. Four hundred seventy-six general practitioners participated. Risk factors noted for these 476 patients with intermittent claudication were in agreement with the literature: 86% were men aged 64 +/- 10 years (mean +/- SD) and 14% were women aged 73 +/- 8 years. Sixty-two percent had a pain-free walking distance of between 100 and 500 meters at diagnosis. Forty-five percent were former smokers and 37% currently smoked; 55% had hypertension, 14% diabetes, and 56% disturbances of lipid metabolism. A majority of them were hypercholesterolemic. The diagnosis of the disease was based primarily on a clinical assessment, confirmed for 33% by Doppler or echo Doppler. The mean duration of diagnosis was 4.4 +/- 4.1 years. Management of the disease was mainly by prescription of vasodilators (91%), antiplatelet agents (59%), and anticoagulants (8%), Use of Doppler or echo Doppler was recommended once a year. Infection was observed in 27% of patients. Thirty-eight percent had had a cardiac incident (angina pectoris or myocardial infarction) and 10% a cerebrovascular accident. They differed significantly from those with LEAD alone for the following parameters: age (68.5 +/- 9.2 vs, 63.2 +/- 10.3 years; p < 0.001); duration of LEAD (5.6 +/- 4.6 vs, 3.6 +/- 3.5 years; p < 0.001); hypertension (65% vs, 50%; p < 0.01); and current smoking (29% vs. 43%; p < 0.01). This survey confirmed the feasibility of telephone interviewing, on a large sample of general practitioners in France. The high level of association with other cardiac incidents was, for these patients, a much higher risk of mortality and morbidity than LEAD alone. It would be interesting to validate the associations observed with a prospective study of comorbidity.
HDL function as a target of lipid-modifying therapy; High-density lipoprotein (HDL) is conventionally believed to possess many features that protect against atherosclerosis. However, these lipoproteins may be modified in certain individuals and/or circumstances to become pro-inflammatory. The ability of HDL to inhibit or paradoxically to enhance vascular inflammation, lipid oxidation, plaque growth, and thrombosis reflects changes in specific enzyme and protein components. The anti-inflammatory and pro-inflammatory functional properties of HDL can now be assessed using cell-based and cell-free assays. Acute or chronic systemic inflammation and the metabolic syndrome appear to render HDL pro-inflammatory. In contrast, statins and experimental agents such as apolipoprotein A-1 mimetics render HDL more anti-inflammatory. The 2 main classes of existing drugs for HDL modification are fibric acid derivatives, also known as "flbrates," and niacin-containing compounds. In several controlled and prospective intervention studies, patients with low HDL-C and additional risk factors benefited from treatment with fibrates or niacin. However, an increase in HDL-C did not lead to a decrease in cardiovascular events in all trials.
Nicardipine and adenosine "flush cocktail" to prevent no-reflow during rotational atherectomy; Background: Rotational atherectomy (RA) has a unique mechanism of action-it utilizes plaque abrasion with microparticle embolization in order to achieve luminal enlargement. This microscopic atheroembolic debris can lead to platelet activation, with vasoconstriction and/or mechanical obstruction of distal coronary resistance vessels, leading to no-reflow and myocardial necrosis. Objective: We developed a prospective registry to evaluate the efficacy of the prophylactic administration of intracoronary nicardipine and adenosine within the RA "flush cocktail" as a method of preventing no-reflow and non-Q-wave myocardial infarction (MI) in patients treated with RA in their native coronary arteries. Methods: One hundred seventy-six consecutive patients (204 lesions; mean age, 66 +/- 12 years) were treated with a flush cocktail containing nicardipine (10 mu g/ml), adenosine (5 mu g/ml), nitroglycerin (10 mu g/ml), and unfractionated heparin (1 IU/ml) during RA. The primary study end points were postprocedural Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) flow score and non-Q-wave MI, as determined by creatine phosphokinase (CPK) and creatine phosphokinase-MB (CPK-MB) levels. Secondary end points included baseline and acute final minimum lumen diameters, and percent diameter stenosis. Results: TIMI flow scores were analyzable in 155 of 176 patients (88%), and in 181 of 204 treated vessels/lesions (88.7%). As compared to baseline, the final TIMI score worsened in 4 patients (2%), was unchanged in 121 patients (78%), and improved in 30 patients (19%). One hundred fifty of 155 patients (96.7%), and 175 of 181 treated vessels (96.6%) had TIMI 3 flow at the completion of the procedure. Excluding those patients with elevated baseline CPK values of N190 IU/l (n= 7), only 5 of 176 (2.8%) patients had CPK-MB values more than three times the upper limit of normal at 12-18 h postprocedure. There were no in-hospital Q-wave MIs or deaths. Conclusions: An intracoronary flush cocktail containing a combination of two potent arteriolar vasodilators, nicardipine and adenosine, appears to be a safe and effective regimen for minimizing no-reflow events and periprocedural myonecrosis during RA. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Benefit of Revascularization in Nonagenarians with Lower Limb Ischemia is Limited by High Mortality; Objective/Background: Owing to the increased life expectancy of the population the number of very old patients referred to vascular surgical units has increased. Advanced age is a well known risk factor in patients undergoing surgical interventions for lower limb ischemia. However, amputation performed on an elderly person living independently will lead to permanent institutional care. The aim of this study was to evaluate the outcome of patients aged 90 years and older with lower limb. ischemia undergoing surgical or endovascular revascularization. Methods: Two hundred and thirty-three nonagenarians with either chronic critical limb ischemia (CLI) or acute limb ischemia (ALI) who underwent revascularization at the authors' institution between 2002 and 2013 were included in this retrospective study. Risk factors were evaluated and survival, limb salvage, and amputation free survival (AFS) assessed. Results: The median age of the study population was 92 years (range 90-100 years). The majority (81.1%) of the patients were female. One in four (24.5%) patients had diabetes, and the incidence of coronary artery disease was 79.8%. Seventy-three percent of the patients had CLI and 27% of had ALI. Seventy percent of the patients underwent surgical revascularization and 30% were treated endovascularly. The majority (72.5%) of the patients maintained their independent living status; 27.5% ended up in institutional care post-operatively. Similarly, the majority (82.0%) of the patients maintained their walking ability, while 18% were not able to ambulate independently after revascularization. One year survival, limb salvage, and AFS rates were 50.9% versus 48.6% (p=.505), 85.1% versus 87.0% (p=.259), and 45.7% versus 44.4% (p=.309) in the surgical versus endovascular group, respectively. Dementia was an independent risk factor of poor AFS (odds ratio: 1.56; 95% confidence interval: 1.077-2.272; p=.019). Conclusion: Good limb salvage can be achieved by both surgical and endovascular revascularization, and independent living can be maintained in the majority of the patients. However, the benefit of revascularization is limited owing to high mortality, especially in patients with dementia. (C) 2015 European Society for Vascular Surgery. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Presence of notched QRS on paced electrocardiographs as a predictor of poor response to cardiac resynchronization therapy; Background Cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT) on patients with advanced and refractory heart failure has made remarkable progress. Clinically, notched QRS (nQRS) is commonly seen on electrocardiographs (ECGs) with bundle branch block morphology and on paced ECGs after implantation of a CRT device, which may reflect the heterogeneity of ventricular myocardial depolarization and electrical activity. The aim of this study was to determine whether patients with more nQRS myocardial segments on paced ECGs had a worse response to CRT than patients with fewer nQRS myocardial segments. Methods We prospectively enrolled 56 patients of CRT with chronic heart failure from People's Hospital affiliated to Peking University from January 2007 to October 2013. Based on nQRS segments on ECGs before CRT, we allocated them to two groups: fewer nQRS (<2) myocardial segments (lateral, inferior, anterior segments) group (F-nQRS,G(1), n=23) and more nQRS (2) myocardial segments group (M-nQRS, G(2), n=33). Then according to nQRS segments on ECGs after CRT, we divided them into two groups similarly: fewer nQRS (<2) myocardial segments group (G(3), n=24) and more nQRS (.2) myocardial segments group (G(4), n=32). This study was approved by the ethics committee of People's Hospital. Results At 6 months in the baseline-ECG group, there was a greater absolute increase in left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) in G(2) than in G1 ((11.5 8.9)% vs. (5.5 10.4)%, P=0.023), with the incidence of nonresponse lower in G(2) than in G(1) (9.1% vs. 39.1%, P=0.018). In the paced-ECG group, the absolute increase in LVEF was less in G(4) than in G(3) ((6.4 8.8)% vs. (12.5 10.4)%, P=0.024) and the incidence of nonresponse was higher in G4 than in G3 (31.3% vs. 8.3%, P=0.039). Multivariate analysis showed that fewer nQRS (<2) myocardial segments on paced ECGs (odds ratio 13.920) was a predictor of positive response to CRT. Conclusion nQRS >= 2 myocardial segments (lateral, inferior, anterior) on paced ECGs may predict a poor response to CRT.
Local versus general anaesthesia for carotid endarterectomy - Improving the gold standard?; Objective: Carotid endarterectomy (CEA) reduces stroke risk among selected patients. To achieve this, low operative risk is crucial. Outcome may depend on whether local (LA) or general. (GA) anaesthesia is used. The aim of our study was to assess the risks of CEA under LA compared with that under GA. Primary endpoint was neurological outcome. Design: Retrospective study, prospective data bank. Patients and methods: Analysis was performed of hospital charts from 1341 consecutive patients undergoing carotid endarterectomy between January 1995 and December 2004. The patients were divided into two groups according to intraoperative anaesthesia (LA 465 patients or GA 876 patients). Results: Cerebral complications (transient ischemic attacks and stroke combined) were more common in the GA group (6.9% vs. 3.4%, p < 0.009, relative risk 0.48, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.272-0.839). Mortality was 0.5% (LA) vs. 0.8% (GA). Combined death and stroke rate were not different between groups (4.1% vs. 3.2%). Postoperative hypertension episodes were more common in the LA group (47.7%, vs. GA 20.4%, p < 0.001). Haematomas requiring surgery were more common in the CA group (6.4% vs. 3.0%, p < 0.02). Conclusion: CEA can be performed safety under LA. It may improve the results and lead to better neurological outcome as compared to GA. Risk factor analysis did not reveal specific risk groups. (C) 2008 European Society for Vascular Surgery. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Genome-wide association test of multiple continuous traits using imputed SNPs; More and more large cohort studies have conducted or are conducting genome-wide association studies (GWAS) to reveal the genetic components of many complex human diseases. These large cohort studies often collected a broad array of correlated phenotypes that reflect common physiological processes. By jointly analyzing these correlated traits, we can gain more power by aggregating multiple weak effects and shed light on the mechanisms underlying complex human diseases. The majority of existing multi-trait association test methods are based on jointly modeling the multivariate traits conditional on the genotype as covariate, and can readily accommodate the imputed SNPs by using their imputed dosage as a covariate. An alternative class of multi-trait association tests is based on the inverted regression, which models the distribution of genotypes conditional on the covariate and multivariate traits, and has been shown to have competitive performance. To our knowledge, all existing inverted regression approaches have implicitly used the "best-guess" genotypes, which is not efficient and known to lead to dramatic power loss, and there have not been any proposed methods of incorporating imputation uncertainty into inverted regressions. In this work, we propose a general and efficient framework that can account for the imputation uncertainty to further improve the association test power of inverted regression models for imputed SNPs. We demonstrate through extensive numerical studies that the proposed method has competitive performance. We further illustrate its usefulness by application to association test of diabetes-related glycemic traits in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study.
Early outcomes of intra-aortic balloon pump in cardiac surgery; Aim. As the proportion of high-risk patients for cardiac surgery increases, use of intraaortic balloon pump (IABP) has increased, especially for acute heart failure following cardiac surgery. The aim of this prospective study was to determine risk factors of early mortality and IABP complications in patient who underwent cardiac surgery. Methods. From March 2008 through February 2011, 106 (2.36%) patients received preoperative (N.=19) and postoperative IABP (N.=87). They included 68 (64.2%) men and 38 (35.8%) women, with a mean age 59 +/- 9.6 years. Most of patients only had coronary disease. (N.=73) Prospective data collection obtained. Results. Fifty nine patients (59.7%) were successfully weaned from IABP support and survived to hospital discharge. Hospital mortality was 44.3%. Risk factors for hospital death were age, urgent procedure, cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) time, and incomplete revascularization. The overall mortality between patients with preoperative IABP insertion and patients with postoperative IABP did not significantly differ (6/19 vs. 41/87, P=0.163). Early vascular complications occurred in 4 patients (3.8%) that were not significant. Conclusions. The use of IABP is a safe option to support heart failure in cardiac surgery. Improved IABP technology and better surveillance have lead to increased use with lower complication rates.
Racial Differences in Parkinson's Disease Medication Use in the Reasons for Geographic and Racial Differences in Stroke Cohort: A Cross-Sectional Study; Background: Previous studies have suggested that African-American populations have a lower prevalence of Parkinson's disease (PD); however, because African-Americans are underrepresented in many cohorts, this relationship is poorly understood. We evaluated data from the Reasons for Geographic and Racial Differences in Stroke (REGARDS) study to describe potential racial differences in PD prevalence. Methods: We identified subjects using PD medications from the REGARDS study, a national longitudinal cohort study of 30,000 persons over age 45 with approximately equal representation of African-Americans and Whites. Results: The prevalence of PD medication use across the cohort was 0.78% and was less among African-Americans (0.51%) than among Whites (0.97%; OR 1.90; 95% CI 1.31-2.74). There was an association of gender and PD medication use, with a prevalence of 0.61% in females and 0.97% in males (OR 1.57; 95% CI 1.13-2.18). There was no association with income, education level or geographic region of residence. Conclusions: The lower rate of PD medication use among African-Americans supports the suspected lower prevalence of PD among African-Americans suggested by other studies. While racial differences in PD diagnosis and treatment may contribute to the differences we observed, comparable disparities have not been observed in the REGARDS cohort for other diagnoses. Further studies of the REGARDS cohort may lead to important insights into potential biological differences in PD mong African-Americans and Whites. Copyright (C) 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel
Lead exposure and cardiovascular disease - A systematic review; OBJECTIVE: This systematic review evaluates the evidence on the association between lead exposure and cardiovascular end points in human populations. METHODS: We reviewed all observational studies from database searches and citations regarding lead and cardiovascular end points. RESULTS: A positive association of lead exposure with blood pressure has been identified in numerous studies in different settings, including prospective studies and in relatively homogeneous socioeconomic status groups. Several studies have identified a dose-response relationship. Although the magnitude of this association is modest, it may be underestimated by measurement error. The hypertensive effects of lead have been confirmed in experimental models. Beyond hypertension, studies in general populations have identified a positive association of lead exposure with clinical cardiovascular outcomes (cardiovascular, coronary heart disease, and stroke mortality; and peripheral arterial disease), but the number of studies is small. In some studies these associations were observed at blood lead levels < 5 mu g/dL. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that the evidence is sufficient to infer a causal relationship of lead exposure with hypertension. We conclude that the evidence is suggestive but not sufficient to infer a causal relationship of lead exposure with clinical cardiovascular outcomes. There is also suggestive but insufficient evidence to infer a causal relationship of lead exposure with heart rate variability. PUBLIC HEALTH IMPLICATIONS: These findings have immediate public health implications. Current occupational safety standards for blood lead must be lowered and a criterion for screening elevated lead exposure needs to be established in adults. Risk assessment and economic analyses of lead exposure impact must include the cardiovascular effects of lead. Finally, regulatory and public health interventions must be developed and implemented to further prevent and reduce lead exposure.
Genomics in sudden cardiac death; Sudden cardiac death (SCD) remains a public health problem of major magnitude. Contrary to earlier expectations, and despite decreased overall cardiac mortality, SCD rates appear to be rising in concert with escalating global prevalence of coronary disease and heart failure, the two major conditions predisposing to SCD. With the exception of the implantable defibrillator, there are few effective approaches to SCD prevention and even fewer clues concerning patient phenotypes predisposed to life-threatening arrhythmias. Clinical variables such as ejection fraction predict mortality but are not sensitive enough to identify many high SCD risk patients. The predictive power of autonomic dysregulation and markers such as lipid levels, hypertension, diabetes, and smoking is quite low in subclinical heart disease, the population in which the majority of SCDs occur. This review addresses advances in genomic science applicable to the SCD public health problem in both rare and common forms of heart disease. These include novel bioinformatic approaches to both identify candidate genes/pathways and identify previously unknown functional genetic elements, as well as methods to comprehensively screen these elements. We also discuss the possibility of applying high-density genome-wide SNP analyses to examine genetic contributions to arrhythmia susceptibility in community-based, case-control studies of common forms of SCD. The development of novel strategies to identify contributors to susceptibility in common cardiac phenotypes is most likely to lead to new and relevant therapeutic targets for SCD.
Potential role of poly(adenosine 5′-diphosphate-ribose) polymerase activation in the pathogenesis of myocardial contractile dysfunction associated with human septic shock; Objective. Sepsis is associated with increased production of superoxide and nitric oxide, with consequent peroxynitrite generation. Cardiodepression is induced in the heart during oxidative stress associated with septic shock. Oxidative and nitrosative stress can lead to activation of the nuclear enzyme poly(adenosine 5'-diphosphate [ADP]-ribose) polymerase (PARP), with subsequent loss of myocardial contractile function. The aim of the study was to investigate whether cardiodepression found in septic patients is associated with plasma markers of myocardial necrosis and with myocardial PARP activation. Design: Prospective and observational study. Setting. University hospital intensive care unit for clinical and surgical patients. Patients: Twenty-five patients older than 18 yrs presenting with severe sepsis or septic shock. Patients with history of chronic heart failure, cancer, coronary artery disease, diabetes, or acquired immune deficiency syndrome were excluded. Interventions. Patients were followed for 28 days, and biochemical and hemodynamic data were collected on days 1, 3, and 6 of sepsis. The groups were survivors and nonsurvivors, defined only after the end of clinical patient evolution. Heart sections from patients who died were analyzed with hematoxylin-eosin and Picro Sirius-Red immunostaining and with electron microscopy. Measurements and Main Results. The study population included 25 individuals, of whom 12 (48%) died during the 6 days of follow-up. The initial data of the inflammation marker C-reactive protein and Acute Physiologic and Chronic Health. Evaluation severity were similar in both groups (nonsurvivors, 26 +/- 2; survivors, 24 +/- 5). Overall, an increase in plasma troponin level was related to increased mortality risk. In patients who died, significant myocardial damage was detected, and histologic analysis of heart sections showed inflammatory infiltration, increased collagen deposition, and derangement of mitochondrial cristae. Immunohistochemical staining for poly(ADP-ribose) (PAR), the product of activated PARP, was demonstrated in septic hearts. There was a positive correlation between PAR staining densitometry and troponin I (r(2) = 0.73; p < .05), and the correlation of PAR staining densitometry and left ventricular systolic stroke work index was r(2) = 0.33 (p = .0509). Conclusion: There is significant PARP activation in the hearts of septic patients with impaired cardiac function. We hypothesize that PARP activation may be partly responsible for the cardiac depression seen in humans with severe sepsis.
Low prevalence of large intraventricular haemorrhage in very low birthweight infants carrying the factor V Leiden or prothrombin G20210A mutation; The influence of genetic factors that increase coagulation on the extension of intraventricular haemorrhage (IVH) in very low birthweight infants has not been studied previously. This study investigated the frequency and effect of the factor V Leiden and prothrombin G20210A mutations in a population-based cohort of 305 preterm infants with a birthweight below 1500 g. The overall prevalence of IVH was similar in infants with (n = 43) and without (n = 262) prothrombotic mutations (18.6% vs 16.4%, respectively). However, infants with prothrombotic mutations had a significantly reduced risk of developing extension to IVH grade II or more [p = 0.023, odds ratio (OR) 0.11,95% confidence interval (CI) 0.02-0.5]. The carrier state of a factor V Leiden or prothrombin G20210A mutation was still predictive for a low rate of IVH grade II-IV if possible confounding variables were included in a multivariate regression model (OR 0.12; 95%CI: 0.017-0.86). Conclusion: The data suggest that the factor V Leiden and prothrombin G20210A mutations lead to improved control of intraventricular bleeding in very low birthweight infants.
Impact of Continuous Evaluation of Technology and Therapy: 30 Years of Research Reduces Stroke and Mortality from Blunt Cerebrovascular Injury; BACKGROUND: Blunt cerebrovascular injury (BCVI) was underdiagnosed until the 1990s when blunt carotid injuries were found to be more common than historically described. Technological advancements and regionalization of trauma care have resulted in increased screening and improved diagnosis of BCVI. The aim of this study was to demonstrate that systematic evaluation of the screening and diagnosis of BCVI, combined with early and aggressive treatment, have led to reductions in BCVI-related stroke and mortality. STUDY DESIGN: Patients with BCVI from 1985 to 2015 were identified and stratified by age, sex, and Injury Severity Score. BCVI-related stroke and mortality rates were then calculated and compared. Patients were divided into 5 eras based on changes in technology, screening, or treatment algorithms at our institution. RESULTS: Five hundred and sixty-four patients were diagnosed with BCVI: 508 carotid artery and 267 vertebral artery injuries. Sixty-five percent of patients were male, mean age was 41 years, and mean Injury Severity Score was 27. Incidence of BCVI diagnosis increased from 0.33% to approximately 2% of all blunt trauma (p < 0.001) during the study period. Ninety (14%) patients suffered BCVI-related stroke, with the incidence of stroke significantly decreasing over time from 37% to 5% (p < 0.001). Twenty-eight (5%) patients died as a direct result of BCVI, and BCVIrelated mortality also decreased significantly over time from 24% to 0% (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Although increased screening has resulted in a higher incidence of injuries over time, BCVIrelated stroke and mortality have decreased significantly. Continuous critical evaluation of evolving technology and diagnostic and treatment algorithms has contributed substantially to those improved outcomes. Appraisals of technological advances, preferably through prospective multi-institutional studies, should advance our understanding of these injuries and lead to even lower stroke rates. (C) 2016 by the American College of Surgeons. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Unexpected low prevalence of atrial fibrillation in cryptogenic ischemic stroke: a prospective study; Ischemic stroke is a frequent pathology with high rate of recurrence and significant morbidity and mortality. There are several causes of stroke, affecting prognosis, outcomes, and management, but in many cases, the etiology remains undetermined. We hypothesized that atrial fibrillation was involved in this pathology but underdiagnosed by standard methods. The aim of the study was to determine the incidence of atrial fibrillation in cryptogenic ischemic stroke by using continuous monitoring of the heart rate over several months. The secondary objective was to test the value of atrial vulnerability assessment in predicting spontaneous atrial fibrillation. We prospectively enrolled 24 patients under 75 years of age, 15 men and 9 women of mean age 49 years, who within the last 4 months had experienced cryptogenic stroke diagnosed by clinical presentation and brain imaging and presumed to be of cardioembolic mechanism. All causes of stroke were excluded by normal 12-lead ECG, 24-h Holter monitoring, echocardiography, cervical Doppler, hematological, and inflammatory tests. All patients underwent electrophysiological study. Of the patients, 37.5% had latent atrial vulnerability, and 33.3% had inducible sustained arrhythmia. Patients were secondarily implanted with an implantable loop recorder to look for spontaneous atrial fibrillation over a mean follow-up interval of 14.5 months. No sustained arrhythmia was found. Only one patient had non-significant episodes of atrial fibrillation. In this study, symptomatic atrial fibrillation or AF with fast ventricular rate has not been demonstrated by the implantable loop recorder in patients under 75 years with unexplained cerebral ischemia. The use of this device should not be generalized in the systematic evaluation of these patients. In addition, this study attests that the assessment of atrial vulnerability is poor at predicting spontaneous arrhythmia in such patients.
Early Hyperglycemia Is Associated With Poor Gross Motor Outcome in Asphyxiated Term Newborns; BACKGROUND: Hyperglycemia after ischemic stroke in adults and after near-drowning in children is associated with a poor neurological outcome. Anaerobic metabolism of glucose leads to buildup of lactic acid, free radical production, mitochondrial failure, and ultimately an increase in neurological injury. In asphyxiated infants, high lactate peaks are seen in the basal ganglia with magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Because motor disability in asphyxiated full-term newborns often relates to injury in the basal ganglia, we hypothesized that hyperglycemia and associated buildup of lactic acid may lead to worse gross motor outcome. METHODS: Glucose, blood gas values, and demographic data were abstracted from the medical records of 41 term infants with asphyxia and without confounding diagnoses. Their Gross Motor Function Classification System scores were determined from the medical record or by structured telephone interviews. RESULTS: The outcomes of 14 infants were considered poor on the basis of death within the first 6 months or moderate-to-severe cerebral palsy (Gross Motor Function Classification System score 1-5). The other 27 infants had no gross motor disability (Gross Motor Function Classification System score 0). The highest recorded blood glucose correlated with poor outcome (P = 0.046 by logistic regression). Infants with hyperglycemia (blood glucose > 150 mg/dL) were more likely to have poor outcome (P = 0.017; odds ratio: 5.9; 95% confidence interval: 1.4-24.7). CONCLUSIONS: High blood glucose in the first 12 hours is associated with poor gross motor outcome in this cohort of asphyxiated term infants. Clinicians should avoid hyperglycemia in managing term infants with asphyxia.
Predictors of severe right ventricular failure after Implantable left ventricular assist device insertion: Analysis of 245 patients; Background-Insertion of an implantable left ventricular assist device (LVAD) complicated by early right ventricular (RV) failure has a poor prognosis and is largely unpredictable. Prediction of RV failure after LVAD placement would lead to more precise patient selection and optimal device selection. Methods and Results-We reviewed data from 245 patients (mean age, 54+/-11 years; 85% male) with 189 HeartMate (77%) and 56 Novacor (23%) LVADs. Ischemic cardiomyopathy predominated (65%), and 29% had dilated cardiomyopathy. Overall, RV assist device (RVAD) support was required after LVAD insertion for 23 patients (9%). We compared clinical and hemodynamic parameters before LVAD insertion between RVAD (n=23) and No-RVAD patients (n=222) to determine preoperative risk factors for severe RV failure. By univariate analysis, female gender, small body surface area, nonischemic etiology, preoperative mechanical ventilation, circulatory support before LVAD insertion, low mean and diastolic pulmonary artery pressures (PAPs), low RV stroke work (RVSW), and low RVSW index (RVSWI) were significantly associated with RVAD use. Elevated PAP and pulmonary vascular resistance were not risk factors. Risk factors by multivariable logistic regression were preoperative circulatory support (odds ratio [OR], 5.3), female gender (OR, 4.5), and nonischemic etiology (OR, 3.3). Conclusions-The need for circulatory support, female gender, and nonischemic etiology were the most significant predictors for RVAD use after LVAD insertion. Regarding hemodynamics, low PAP and low RVSWI, reflecting low RV contractility, were important parameters. This information tray lead to better patient selection for isolated LVAD implantation.
Metabolic domino: New concept in lifestyle medicine; A new concept has been proposed to capture the flow of events and chain reactions associated with cardiovascular risk: the metabolic domino. The metabolic domino differs for each individual based on their genetic predisposition. Lifestyle changes are the first dominoes to fall, which lead to obesity and insulin resistance, followed by postprandial hyperglycemia, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia. Atherosclerosis then begins, and diabetes occurs once the domino for impairment of insulin secretion has toppled. Progression of the atherosclerotic process can lead to cardiovascular events such as ischemic heart diseases or cerebrovascular disorders. Preclinical and clinical data indicate that treatments which inhibit the renin angiotensin system, such as angiotensin receptor blockers, can suppress the onset of diabetes and, when administered even earlier in the metabolic domino, reduce the development of hypertension in at-risk individuals. The inhibition of inflammation with thiazolidinedione can also block the sequence of events leading to cardiovascular outcomes, as was shown with pioglitazone in the Prospective Pioglitazone Clinical Trial in Macrovascular Events (PROactive). (c) 2006 Prous Science, All rights reserved.
Comparison of midazolam with or without fentanyl for conscious sedation and hemodynamics in coronary angiography; OBJECTIVE: To compare the hemodynamic and sedative effects of midazolam - with or without fentanyl combination - with placebo in coronary angiography, DESIGN: Prospective, double-blind, randomized study. SETTING: University medical centre. PATIENTS: All patients undergoing coronary angiography. INTERVENTIONS: Demographic data, hemodynamic variables, sedation and anxiety scores, amnesia, patient and cardiologist satisfaction, and adverse effects were evaluated and compared among coronary angiography patients taking midazolam, midazolam and fentanyl, or placebo before the procedure. MAIN RESULTS: Ninety patients scheduled for coronary angiography were randomly assigned into three groups: a midazolam-placebo group (group MP), a midazolam-fentanyl group (group MF) and a placebo group (group P). Hemodynamic stability was better in each sedation group (groups MP and MF) than in group P. Sedation scores, anxiolysis, and patient and cardiologist satisfaction were not different between the sedation groups. CONCLUSIONS: Both techniques of conscious sedation - midazolam and midazolam with fentanyl - are satisfactory for coronary angiography where hemodynamic stability and patient cooperation are required. In such procedures, local anesthesia without sedation may lead to hypertension and increase overall morbidity.
Does touch massage facilitate recovery after stroke? A study protocol of a randomized controlled trial; Background: Despite high quality stroke care, decreased sensorimotor function, anxiety and pain often remain one year after stroke which can lead to impaired health and dependence, as well as higher healthcare costs. Touch massage (TM) has been proven to decrease anxiety and pain, and improve quality of health in other conditions of reduced health, where reduced anxiety seems to be the most pronounced benefit. Thus there are reasons to believe that TM may also reduce anxiety and pain, and improve quality of life after stroke. Further, several studies indicate that somatosensory stimulation can increase sensorimotor function, and it seems feasible to believe that TM could increase independence after stroke. In this study we will evaluate effects of TM after stroke compared to sham treatment. Methods: This is a prospective randomized open-labelled control trial with blinded evaluation (PROBE-design). Fifty patients with stroke admitted to stroke units will be randomized (1: 1) to either a TM intervention or a non-active transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (non-TENS) control group. Ten sessions of 30 min treatments (TM or control) will be administered during two weeks. Assessment of status according to the International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health (ICF), including body function, activity, and participation. Assessment of body function will include anxiety, pain, and stress response (heart rate variability and salivary cortisol), where anxiety is the primary outcome. Activity will be assessed by means of sensorimotor function and disability, and participation by means of health-related quality of life. Assessments will be made at baseline, after one week of treatment, after two weeks of treatment, and finally a follow-up after two months. The trial has been approved by the Regional Ethical Review Board. Discussion: TM seems to decrease anxiety and pain, increase health-related quality of life, and improve sensorimotor functions after stroke, but the field is largely unexplored. Considering the documented pleasant effects of massage in general, absence of reported adverse effects, and potential effects in relation to stroke, it is essential to evaluate effects of TM during the sub-acute phase after stroke. The results of this project will hopefully provide important knowledge for evidence-based care.
Ischemic stroke, secondary to fibromuscular dysplasia:: A case report; Introduction. Fibromuscular dysplasia is an infrequent angiopathy that occurs more often in young women. It consists in a series of heterogeneous histological changes that finally lead to the narrowing of arteries. Clinical manifestations depend on the vessel involved, but high blood pressure (renal artery involvement) and stroke (carotid artery involvement) are the most common. Little has been published about this process in recent years. Case report. A 30-year-old female with extensive infarction of the right middle cerebral artery caused by obstruction of the internal carotid artery. Arteriographical examination revealed the dissection of the four supra-aortic trunks together with alterations to the renal artery. The patient's age and the involvement of the four cerebral arteries with irregular stenoses led us to consider a fibromuscular dysplasia (FMD) as the first diagnostic option. A conservative attitude was adopted towards the vascular lesions and therapy was carried out with a view to rehabilitating the neurological deficits. Discussion. Brain FMD can be asymptomatic and is often diagnosed by chance. The usual clinical presentation is a stenosis-related ischemic stroke, arterial obstruction or arterio-arterial thromboembolism. Arteriography or magnetic resonance angiography are useful for diagnosis; the involvement of different supra-aortic vessels is characteristic. Despite the good results shown by percutaneous transluminal angioplasty, there is still a need for prospective studies that determine the optimal treatment for this pathology.
Training by EMG-triggered electrical muscle stimulation in hemiparesis; Purpose: This study addresses the question of whether EMG-triggered electrical muscle stimulation can improve the outcome of conventional rehabilitation following a stroke in outpatients and for how long this treatment is necessary. Materials and method: In a prospective A-B-A-study design sixteen patients (47-67 years old, more than one year after stroke) with lower limb paralysis received three months exercise treatment according to the Bobath concept, followed by three (group I) or six (group II) months additional EMG-triggered electrical stimulation of the m. tibialis anterior. Follow-up was at three months after exercise treatment. The main outcome parameters were range of motion of dorsiflexion of foot, Motricity Index of the paretic leg and functional independence (FIM). Results: During the initial exercise treatment no changes in any of the outcome parametres were seen. With the additional use of EMG-induced electrical stimulation active dorsiflexion improved by 19,4 degrees (group I) and 24,4 degrees (group II) and the Motricity Index by 9,3 and 17,7. The FIM scales for dressing, transfer and walking increased significantly. Conclusion: These results support the concept that three months EMG-triggered electrical stimulation is an appropriate intervention to improve the quality of physical function in stroke survivors. An increase to six months does not lead to any further improvement in outcome.
Cerebrovascular disease associated with sickle cell pulmonary hypertension; In patients with sickle cell disease, anemia is a recognized risk factor for stroke, death, and the development of pulmonary hypertension. We have proposed that hemolytic anemia results in endothelial dysfunction and vascular Instability and can ultimately lead to a proliferative vasculopathy leading to pulmonary hypertension. Consistent with this mechanism of disease, we now report a case series of six patients with obliterative central nervous system vasculopathy who also have pulmonary hypertension and high hemolytic rate. These patients, identified in the course of a prospective screening study for pulmonary hypertension, presented with neurological symptoms prompting neuroimaging studies. Compared to 164 other patients of similar age in the screened population, those with newly diagnosed or clinically active cerebrovascular disease have significantly lower hemoglobin levels and higher levels of lactate dehydrogenase. A review of the literature suggests that many clinical, epidemiological, and physiological features of the arteriopathy of pulmonary hypertension closely overlap with those of stroke in sickle cell disease, both known to involve proliferative vascular intimal and smooth muscle hypertrophy and thrombosis. These cases suggest that cerebrovascular disease and pulmonary hypertension in sickle cell disease share common mechanisms, in particular, reduced nitric oxide bioactivity associated with particularly high-grade hemolysis. Clinicians should suspect occult cerebrovascular disease in sickle cell patients with pulmonary hypertension. Am. J. Hematol. 81:503-510, 2006. Published 2006 Wiley-Liss, Inc.dagger
Intracerebral hemorrhage: natural history and rationale of ultra-early hemostatic therapy; Stroke is a major health problem worldwide, causing high morbidity and mortality. Intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) accounts for 15% of stroke cases in the US and Europe and up to 30% in Asian populations. It is less treatable than other forms of stroke and causes higher morbidity and disability. Data suggest that early hematoma growth is the principal cause of early neurological deterioration after ICH. Prospective and retrospective studies indicate that early hematoma growth occurs in 18-38% of patients scanned within 3 h of ICH onset, and that hematoma volume is an important predictor of 30-day mortality. As hematoma growth in acute ICH is a dynamic process, intervention with ultra-early hemostatic therapy could lead to minimization and even prevention of early hematoma growth. Recombinant activated factor VII (rFVIIa, 'NovoSeven'), a powerful initiator of hemostasis, is approved for the treatment of bleeding in patients with hemophilia and inhibitors and may also promote hemostasis in patients with normal coagulation. rFVIIa acts locally at the bleeding site without activating systemic coagulation and may be a valuable therapy during the hyperacute stage of ICH. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging trial is currently in progress to investigate the potential of rFVIIa as an ultra-early hemostatic therapy to prevent or minimize hematoma growth in ICH patients without coagulopathy.
Heart rate variability and target organ damage in hypertensive patients; Background: We evaluated the association between linear standard Heart Rate Variability (HRV) measures and vascular, renal and cardiac target organ damage (TOD). Methods: A retrospective analysis was performed including 200 patients registered in the Regione Campania network (aged 62.4 +/- 12, male 64%). HRV analysis was performed by 24-h holter ECG. Renal damage was assessed by estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), vascular damage by carotid intima-media thickness (IMT), and cardiac damage by left ventricular mass index. Results: Significantly lower values of the ratio of low to high frequency power (LF/HF) were found in the patients with moderate or severe eGFR (p-value < 0.001). Similarly, depressed values of indexes of the overall autonomic modulation on heart were found in patients with plaque compared to those with a normal IMT (p-value < 0.05). These associations remained significant after adjustment for other factors known to contribute to the development of target organ damage, such as age. Moreover, depressed LF/HF was found also in patients with left ventricular hypertrophy but this association was not significant after adjustment for other factors. Conclusions: Depressed HRV appeared to be associated with vascular and renal TOD, suggesting the involvement of autonomic imbalance in the TOD. However, as the mechanisms by which abnormal autonomic balance may lead to TOD, and, particularly, to renal organ damage are not clearly known, further prospective studies with longitudinal design are needed to determine the association between HRV and the development of TOD.
Prediction of major arrhythmic events and sudden cardiac death in dilated cardiomyopathy -: The Marburg Cardiomyopathy Study design and description of baseline clinical characteristics; The Marburg Cardiomyopathy Study (MACAS) is a prospective observational study designed to determine the value of the following potential non-invasive arrhythmia risk predictors in more than 200 patients with idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy (IDC) over a 5-year follow-up period: New York Heart Association functional class, left ventricular end-diastolic diameter and ejection fraction, left bundle branch block and atrial fibrillation on EGG, QTc and JTc-dispersion on 12-lead EGG, abnormal time-domain analysis and spectral turbulence analysis of the signal-averaged EGG, ventricular arrhythmias and heart-rate variability on 24-hour Holter ECC, baroreflex sensitivity, and microvolt T wave alternans during exercise. This report describes the rationale of MACAS as well as the clinical characteristics of the first 236 patients enrolled between March 1996 and October 1999. The prognostic significance of the potential arrhythmia risk predictors in MACAS will be determined by multivariate Cox analysis at the end of 5-year follow-up. Primary endpoints are total mortality and major arrhythmic events defined as sustained ventricular tachycardia, ventricular fibrillation or sudden cardiac death. The results of MACAS will have important implications for the design of future studies evaluating the role of prophylactic defibrillator therapy in idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy.
A prospective study of arm circumference and risk of death in Bangladesh; Background: Epidemiological studies have observed protective effects of mid-upper arm circumference (MUAC) against all-cause mortality mostly in Western populations. However, evidence on cause-specific mortality is limited. Methods: The sample included 19 575 adults from a population-based cohort study in rural Bangladesh, who were followed up for an average of 7.9 years for mortality. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to evaluate the effect of MUAC, as well as the joint effect of body mass index (BMI) and MUAC, on the risk of death from any cause, cancer and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Results: During 154 664 person-years of follow-up, 744 deaths including 312 deaths due to CVD and 125 deaths due to cancer were observed. There was a linear inverse relationship of MUAC with total and CVD mortality. Each 1-cm increase in MUAC was associated a reduced risk of death from any cause [hazard ratio (HR) = 0.85; 95% confidence interval (C), 0.81-0.89) and CVD (HR = 0.87; 95% CI, 0.80-0.94), after controlling for potential con-founders. No apparent relationship between MUAC and the risk of death from cancer was observed. Among individuals with a low BMI (<18.5 kg/m(2)), a MUAC less than 24 cm was associated with increased risk for all-cause (HR = 1.81; 95% CI, 1.52-2.17) and CVD mortality (HR = 1.45; 95% CI, 1.11-1.91). Conclusions: MUAC may play a critical role on all-cause and CVD mortality in lean Asians.
A randomised comparison of 4F and 6F catheters for diagnostic coronary angiographies via the femoral approach; The use of 6F catheters has been validated for coronary angiography. The use of small-calibre catheters is a more recent development. The aim of this study was to assess the feasibility, the cost and complications of coronary angiography using the femoral approach with 4F catheters. The authors undertook a randomised prospective study of 4F Care Infiniti catheters (N = 100) and 6F Spertorque Plus catheters (N = 100) in hospitalised patients. Criteria of non-inclusion were valvular pathology, acute myocardial infarction, aorto-coronary bypass or aorto-femoral bypass procedures. No statistical difference was observed between the two groups with respect to feasibility, to duration of the procedure, or of irradiation or to cost. The quality of the angiogrammes was good except in one patient in the 4F group; 4 patients in the 6F group required a 4F catheter to complete their examination. Left ventricular catheterisation was more difficult with 4F catheters (p = 0.016). Use of 4F catheters was associated with injection of significantly less contrast (p = 0.00007), reduced the duration of compression (p < 10(-6)) and its complications (p = 0.004). The authors conclude that 4F catheters are safe and well tolerated. They are associated with less patient morbidity, without any loss in quality of the angiogrammes. Other studies in valvular heart disease and after coronary bypass surgery should lead to the generalisation of their use in all coronary patients.
Psychosocial and biobehavioral factors and their interplay in coronary heart disease; Recent epidemiological research has confirmed that psychosocial factors are associated with increased risk of developing coronary heart disease (CHD), a major cause of death and disability worldwide. This association is probably mediated by changes in health risk behaviors and neuroendocrine and autonomic functions that affect metabolic, hemostatic, inflammatory, and cardiovascular functions that are the proximal agents in CHD pathogenesis over time as well as the precipitation of acute disease events. Recent developments in genomics have now made it possible to begin the process of identifying specific genetic variants that act either independently or via moderation of the impact of exposures to stressful environmental situations to increase the expression of these health-damaging psychosocial factors and the accompanying behavioral and physiological changes that lead to disease. It will be possible ultimately to use the knowledge emerging from research on gene x environment interactions that affect expression of psychosocial risk factors, health risk behaviors, and biological changes inside the body to speed the development of a new field of prospective medicine-a field where instead of spending the majority of health care resources on the treatment of chronic diseases at the end of life, it will be possible to allocate more resources to develop, test, and implement earlier in the disease process cost-effective, proactive interventions that target persons at high risk.
Comparison of clinical-based and ECG-based triage of acute chest pain in the Emergency Department; In the Emergency Department, chest pain triage systems are based on either clinical features or ECG recording. In this prospective, single-center, observational study, we aimed to compare the diagnostic performance of these triage systems in distinguishing acute coronary syndromes (ACS) from diseases of mild severity. Patients were sorted into the triage systems based on collected data at admission and on a systematic 12-lead ECG performed at triage. The final diagnosis was determined after a 30-day follow-up. For ACS, we determined a high-acuity triage score (Level 1 or 2) as being adequate, and for mild severity diseases a low-acuity triage score (Level 3, 4 or 5) as being adequate. The diagnostic performance of all studied systems was moderate (AUC from 0.644 to 0.694), with no statistically significant difference found between them. However, characteristics of the systems differed because the clinical-based systems had a higher sensitivity (87-91%) but lower specificity (32-39%) compared with the ECG-based system (sensitivity 62% and specificity 64%). A higher sensitivity limits the risk of a patient with acute coronary syndrome staying unsafely in the waiting room, while a higher specificity prevents overcrowding. ECG at triage also ensures that no STEMIs or high-risk NSTEMIs are missed. Based on these findings, each Emergency Depatment could more accurately select the triage system that fits their local particularities.
Relationship between electrocardiographic abnormalities and periodontal disease: The Hisayama study; Background: Recent studies have suggested a relationship between periodontitis and cardiovascular disease (CVD). This study investigated the relationship between periodontitis and electrocardiographic (ECG) abnormalities, which are known predictors of CVD. Methods: We examined the periodontal status of 1,111 residents of Hisayama Town, Fukuoka, Japan. Nine hundred fifty-seven (957) subjects (374 males, 583 females) with greater than or equal to10 teeth and without a medical history of CVD were included in the analysis. Probing depth (PD) and clinical attachment level (CAL) were measured on two randomly selected quadrants, one maxillary and one mandibular. A 12-lead ECG was recorded using a standard electrocardiograph. ECG abnormalities included left ventricular hypertrophy (Minnesota code 3-1) and ST depression (4-1, 2, 3). The relation of periodontal condition and ECG abnormalities was assessed with logistic regression analysis. Results: Univariate analysis revealed that mean probing depth, mean attachment loss, number of teeth, and plaque index were significantly associated with ECG abnormalities, as well as with known risk factors of CVD. In multivariate analysis, the subjects with deep pockets (mean probing depth greater than or equal to2 mm) had an increased risk for ECG abnormalities (odds ratio [OR] = 1.6; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.01 to 2.50) compared to the subjects with mean PD <2 mm. Subjects with severe attachment loss (mean CAL greater than or equal to2.5 mm) had also significant risk for ECG abnormalities (OR = 1.7; 95% CI = 1.07 to 2.67) compared to those whose mean CAL was <2.5 mm. Conclusion: This study clearly shows the relationship between periodontitis and ECG abnormalities, which are important predictors of CVD.
Prospective evaluation of malignant middle cerebral artery infarction with blood-brain barrier imaging using Tc-99m DTPA SPECT; Background: Malignant middle cerebral artery (MMCA) infarction is associated with severe brain edema which may lead to a rapid deterioration of consciousness, increase of intracranial pressure, brain midline shift and finally, herniation. We examined the correlation between the degree of the blood-brain barrier (BBB) permeability and MMCA. Methods: Twenty-five consecutive patients (17 men and 8 women, mean age 62.1 +/- 10.1) were included in the study. Each patient had a daily clinical examination, and the neurological deficits were scored using NIHSS score. A CT without contrast material was performed in all patients. Tc-99m-DTPA SPECT was performed at 36 h after the stroke. A quantitative index of BBB breakdown (disruption index) was calculated. Results: The mean volume of stroke was 138 +/- 87 cm(3). The mean DTPA disruption index was 6.6 +/- 4.6 (range 1.0 - 21.0). The mean NIHSS score was 14 +/- 4 (p=0.2). Five of 25 patients had brain herniation as evidenced on brain CT. The volume of stroke was only marginally elevated in patients with herniation (p=0.062). All patients showed significant, inverse correlation between NIHSS score and DTPA uptake (r=-0.43, p=0.033). There was a significant correlation between the extent of DTPA distribution (more than one vascular territory) and the occurrence of herniation (p < 0.001). Conclusions: DTPA-SPECT imaging is a reliable complementary predictive tool in patients with an MCA stroke. The specific pattern found on DTPA SPECT, compatible with diffuse BBB disruption, may be of value in predicting "malignant MCA." (c) 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Higher volume endovascular stroke centers have faster times to treatment, higher reperfusion rates and higher rates of good clinical outcomes; Background and purpose Technological advances have helped to improve the efficiency of treating patients with large vessel occlusion in acute ischemic stroke. Unfortunately, the sequence of events prior to reperfusion may lead to significant treatment delays. This study sought to determine if high-volume (HV) centers were efficient at delivery of endovascular treatment approaches. Methods A retrospective review was performed of nine centers to assess a series of time points from obtaining a CT scan to the end of the endovascular procedure. Demographic, radiographic and angiographic variables were assessed by multivariate analysis to determine if HV centers were more efficient at delivery of care. Results A total of 442 consecutive patients of mean age 66 14 years and median NIH Stroke Scale score of 18 were studied. HV centers were more likely to treat patients after intravenous administration of tissue plasminogen activator and those transferred from outside hospitals. After adjusting for appropriate variables, HV centers had significantly lower times from CT acquisition to groin puncture (OR 0.991, 95% CI 0.989 to 0.997, p=0.001) and total procedure times (OR 0.991, 95% CI 0.986 to 0.996, p=0.001). Additionally, patients treated at HV centers were more likely to have a good clinical outcome (OR 1.86, 95% CI 1.11 to 3.10, p<0.018) and successful reperfusion (OR 1.82, 95% CI 1.16 to 2.86, p<0.008). Conclusions Significant delays occur in treating patients with endovascular therapy in acute ischemic stroke, offering opportunities for improvements in systems of care. Ongoing prospective clinical trials can help to assess if HV centers are achieving better clinical outcomes and higher reperfusion rates.
Atrial time and voltage dispersion are both needed to predict new-onset atrial fibrillation in ischemic stroke patients; Background: Atrial fibrillation (AF) is a known risk factor for ischemic stroke. Electrocardiographic predictors of AF in population studies such as the Framingham Heart Study, as well as in hypertensive patients have demonstrated a predictive value of the P-wave duration for development of AF. QRS vector magnitude has had a predictive value in ventricular arrhythmia development. We aimed to assess the value of the three-dimensional P-wave vector magnitude and its relationship to P-wave duration for prediction of new-onset AF after ischemic stroke. Methods: First-ever ischemic stroke patients without AF at inclusion in the Lund Stroke Register were included. Measurements of Pwave duration (Pd), QRS duration, corrected QT interval, and PQ interval were performed automatically using the University of Glasgow 12-lead ECG analysis algorithm. The P-wave vector magnitude (Pvm) was calculated automatically as the square root of the sum of the squared P-wave magnitudes in leads V6, II and one half of the P-wave amplitude in V2(root PV6(2) + PII2 + (0.5*PV2)(2)), based on the P-wave magnitude (Pvm) as defined by the visually transformed Kors' Quasi-orthogonal method. Results: The median age was 73 (IQR 63-80) years at stroke onset (135 males, 92 females). Multivariate predictors of new-onset atrial fibrillation included age > 65 years, hypertension, and Pd/Pvm. A cut-off value of 870 ms/mV gave sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative predictive values of 51, 79, 30 and 87%, respectively. The Pd/Pvm was the only ECG predictor of AF with a significant multivariate hazard ratio of 2.02 (95% CI 1.18 to 3.46, p = 0.010). Conclusion: P-wave dispersion as measured by the Pd/Pvm was the only ECG parameter measured which independently predicted subsequent AF identification in a cohort of stroke patients. Further prospective studies in larger cohorts are needed to validate its clinical usefulness.
Differences in lipid profiles in two Hispanic ischemic stroke populations; Background and Purpose The study aims to compare lipid profiles among ischemic stroke patients in a predominantly Caribbean-Hispanic population in Miami and a Mestizo Hispanic population in Mexico City. Methods We analyzed ischemic stroke Hispanic patients with complete baseline fasting lipid profile enrolled contemporaneously in the prospective registries of two tertiary care teaching hospitals in Mexico City and Miami. Demographic characteristics, risk factors, medications, ischemic stroke subtype, and first fasting lipid profile were compared. Vascular risk factor definitions were standardized. Multiple linear regression analysis was performed to compare lipid fractions. Results A total of 324 patients from Mexico and 236 from Miami were analyzed. Mexicans were significantly younger (58 center dot 1 vs. 67 center dot 4 years), had a lower frequency of hypertension (53 center dot 4% vs. 79 center dot 7%), and lower body mass index (27 vs. 28 center dot 5). There was a trend toward greater prevalence of diabetes in Mexicans (31 center dot 5 vs. 24 center dot 6%, P = 0 center dot 07). Statin use at the time of ischemic stroke was more common in Miami Hispanics (18 center dot 6 vs. 9 center dot 4%). Mexicans had lower total cholesterol levels (169 center dot 9 +/- 46 center dot 1 vs. 179 center dot 9 +/- 48 center dot 4 mg/dl), lower low-density lipoprotein (92 center dot 3 +/- 37 center dot 1 vs. 108 center dot 2 +/- 40 center dot 8 mg/dl), and higher triglyceride levels (166 center dot 9 +/- 123 center dot 9 vs. 149 center dot 2 +/- 115 center dot 2 mg/dl). These differences remained significant after adjusting for age, gender, hypertension, diabetes, body mass index, smoking, ischemic stroke subtype, and statin use. Conclusion We found significant differences in lipid fractions in Hispanic ischemic stroke patients, with lower total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein, and higher triglyceride levels in Mexicans. These findings highlight the heterogeneity of dyslipidemia among the Hispanic race-ethnic group and may lead to different secondary prevention strategies.
Cardiac troponin I as an early marker of myocardial damage after coronary bypass surgery; Study objective: To evaluate the performance of cardiac specific markers, cardiac troponin I (cTnI) and CK-MB by mass assay (CK-MB mass), for the early diagnosis of myocardial ischemia and/or infarction after coronary bypass surgery. Methods: Prospective clinical, electrocardiograpic and biologic follow-up of 117 patients undergoing isolated corollary surgery with the use of intermittent anterograde normothermic blued cardioplegia. Blood samples for biochemical analysis were drawn before surgery (T-0) and at 2 (T-1), 6 (T-2), 10 (T-3) and 20 h (T-4) after aortic cross-clamp release. Without knowledge of the biochemical data, patients were classified according to the electrocardiographic evolution into two groups: group I, uneventful recovery and group 2. evidence of ischemia/infarction based on continuous ST-T segment monitoring and 12-lead EGG. Results: No patients had abnormal markers at T-0. At T-1, although both markers were elevated, no difference was noted between the two groups. At T-2 h after surgery, cTnl and CK-MB mass levels were significantly higher in group 2 than in group 1 (median = 17 mu g/l Interquartile Range (IR): 14.7-27.3 vs. 3.1 mu g/l, IR 1.9-5.3 for cTnI and median 42.5 mu g/l, IR: 27.1-95.7 vs. 13.6 mu g/l, IR: 9.5-18.5 for CK-MB mass). A receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis shows that a cTnI value of. 13.1 mu g/l has 100% specificity and 90% sensitivity to separate both groups, Whereas a value of 33.2 mu g/l for CEC-MB mass has a specificity of 100% and a sensitivity of 73%. At T-3 and T-4, the same difference was noted between the groups. cTnl values in all six patients with a Q-wave infarction were greater than or equal to 20 ng/l, whereas only one of five patients with prolonged ischemia bad cTnI level > 20 ng/ml. Conclusion: As soon as 6 h postoperatively, cTnI and CK-MB by mass assay were able to separate those patients with an uneventful recovery from those with significant ischemia. This is particularly useful in frequent cases when the ECG is difficult to interpret. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of thrombolysis with alteplase within 6 h of acute ischaemic stroke on long-term outcomes (the third International Stroke Trial [IST-3]): 18-month follow-up of a randomised controlled trial; Background Few data are available from randomised trials about the effect of thrombolysis with alteplase on long-term functional outcome in patients who have had acute ischaemic stroke and no trial has reported effects on health-related quality of life. A secondary objective of the third International Stroke Trial (IST-3) was to assess the effect of thrombolysis on such outcomes at 18 months. Methods In this open-label, international, multicentre, randomised, controlled trial, 3035 patients with ischaemic stroke from 12 countries were randomly allocated within 6 h of onset via a secure central system to either intravenous alteplase (0.9 mg/kg; n=1515) plus standard care or standard care alone (control; n=1520). 2348 patients were scheduled for 18-month follow-up. For our main analysis, survivors were assessed at 18 months with the Oxford handicap scale (OHS; the primary outcome was the adjusted odds of OHS score 0-2). We also used the EuroQoL (EQ) instrument and asked questions about overall functioning and living circumstances. We analysed the OHS and the five EQ domains by ordinal logistic regression and calculated the mean difference between treatment groups in EQ utility index and visual analogue scale score. Analyses were adjusted for key baseline prognostic factors. This study is registered with controlled-trials.com, number ISRCTN25765518. Findings At 18 months, 408 (34.9%) of 1169 patients in the alteplase group versus 414 (35.1%) of 1179 in the control group had died (p=0.85). 391 (35.0%) of 1117 patients versus 352 (31.4%) of 1122 had an OHS score of 0-2 (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.28, 95% CI 1.03-1.57; p=0.024). Treatment was associated with a favourable shift in the distribution of OHS grades (adjusted common OR 1.30, 95% CI 1.10-1.55; p=0.002). Alteplase treatment was associated with significantly higher overall self-reported health (adjusted mean difference in EQ utility index 0.060; p=0.019). The differences between the groups in visual analogue scale score and the proportion living at home were not significant. Interpretation IST-3 provides evidence that thrombolysis with intravenous alteplase for acute ischaemic stroke does not affect survival, but does lead to statistically significant, clinically relevant improvements in functional outcome and health-related quality of life that are sustained for at least 18 months.
Importance of heart failure with preserved systolic function in patients ≥65 years at age; Although congestive heart failure (CHF) is a common syndrome among the elderly, there is a relative paucity of population-based data, particularly regarding CHF with normal systolic left ventricular function. A total of 4,842 independent living, community-dwelling subjects aged 66 to 103 years received questionnaires on medical history, family history, personal habits, physical activity, and socioeconomic status, confirmation of preexisting cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease, anthropometric measurements, casual seated random-zero blood pressure, forced vital capacity and expiratory volume in 1 second, 12-lead supine electrocardiogram, fasting glucose, creatinine, plasma lipids, carotid artery wall thickness by ultrasonagraphy, and echocardiography-Doppler examinations. participants with at least 1 confirmed episode of CHF by Cardiovascular Health Study criteria were considered prevalent for CHF. The prevalence of CHF was 8.8% and was associated with increased age, particularly for women, in whom it increased more than twofold from age 65 to 69 years (6.6%) to age greater than or equal to 85 years (14%). In multivariate analysis, subjects with CHF were more likely to be older (odds ratio [OR] 1.2 for 5-year difference, men OR 1.1), and more often had a history of myocardial infarction (OR 7.3), atrial fibrillation (OR 3.0), diabetes mellitus (OR 2.1), renal dysfunction (OR 2.0 for creatinine greater than or equal to1.5 mg/dl), and chronic pulmonary disease (OR 1.8; women only). The echocardiographic correlates of CHF were increased left atrial and ventricular dimensions. Importantly, 55% of subjects with CHF had normal left ventricular systolic function and 80% had either normal or only mildly reduced systolic function. Among subjects with CHF, women held normal systolic function more frequently than men (67% vs 42%; p < 0.001). Thus, CHF is common among community-dwelling elderly. It increases with age and is usually associated with normal systolic LV function, particularly among women. The finding that a large proportion of elderly with CHF have preserved LV systolic function is important because there is a paucity of data to guide management in this dominant subset. (C) 2001 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
Early repolarization patterns associated with increased arrhythmic risk are common in young non-Caucasian Australian males and not influenced by athletic status; BACKGROUND Early repolarization (ER) with a horizontal ST segment (ST-h) and high-amplitude J waves in the inferior Leads is associated with an increased risk of cardiac arrhythmic death. The effect of ethnicity and athletic status on this increased-risk ER pattern has not been established. Aboriginal Australian/Torres Strait Islander and Pacific Islander/Maori (non-Caucasian [non-C]) subjects are well represented in Australian sport; however, the patterns and prevalence of ER in these populations are unknown. OBJECTIVE The purpose of this study was to assess the prevalence and effect of athletic activity on ER patterns in young non-C and Caucasian (C) subjects. METHODS Twelve-Lead ECGs of 726 male athletes (23.8% non-C) and 170 male controls (45.9% non-C) aged 16-40 years were analyzed for the presence of ER, defined as J-point elevation (3 wave, QRS slur, or discrete ST elevation) >= 0.1 mV in >= 2 inferior (II, III, aVF) or lateral (I, aVL,V-4-V-6) leads. ST morphology was coded as horizontal (ST-h) or ascending (ST-a). "Increased-risk ER" was defined as inferior ER with ST-h and 3 waves >2 mV. RESULTS Regardless of athletic status, ER and increased-risk ER were more prevalent in non-C than in C subjects (53.8% vs 32% and 7.6% vs 1.2%, respectively, P < .0001). Whereas lower heart rate, Larger QRS voltage, and shorter QRS duration were predictors of ER, non-C ethnicity was the only independent predictor of increased-risk ER (odds ratio 17.621, 95% confidence interval 4.98-62.346, P < .0001). CONCLUSION ER patterns associated with increased arrhythmic risk are more common in young non-C than C subjects and were not influenced by athletic status. The Long-term clinical significance of ER in these populations is yet to be determined.
Pharmacodynamic Impacts of Proton Pump Inhibitors on the Efficacy of Clopidogrel In Vivo - A Systematic Review; Background There is considerable debate about whether concomitant use of proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) should be recommended for patients who are prescribed clopidogrel after acute coronary syndrome. Most pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic studies in vivo were conducted using small sample sizes and were single centered, resulting in conflicting data. Hypothesis PPIs may attenuate the antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel in vivo and lead to an increased risk of cardiovascular events. Methods PubMed, the Cochrane Library, Embase, Web of Science, and China Biology Medicine Disc were searched. Randomized controlled trials that compared pharmacodynamic impacts of a PPI on the efficacy of clopidogrel in vivo were included. Two independent reviewers evaluated study quality and extracted data for meta-analysis. Results We identified 8 eligible studies. Compared to clopidogrel treatment alone, patients who received both a PPI and clopidogrel had less of a decrease in the platelet reactivity index (weighted mean difference [WMD]: 8.18; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 6.819.56; P < 0.00001), less adenosine 5-diphosphateinduced platelet aggregation inhibition (WMD: 7.28; 95% CI: 2.4412.11; P = 0.003), higher P2Y12 reaction units (WMD: 40.58; 95% CI: 19.3161.86; P = 0.0002), and higher risks of clopidogrel resistance (odds ratio [OR]: 2.49; 95% CI: 1.494.14; P = 0.0005). There were no significant differences, however, for the incidences of major adverse cardiovascular events between the 2 groups (OR: 1.07; 95% CI: 0.442.59; P = 0.88), and treatment with a PPI and clopidogrel significantly reduced the risk of adverse gastrointestinal events (OR: 0.16; 95% CI: 0.040.62; P = 0.008). Conclusions Concomitant use of a PPI with clopidogrel attenuated the antiplatelet effect of clopidogrel, but may be clinically unimportant because there were no clinical differences in the risk for major adverse cardiovascular events. Additional Supporting Information may be found in the online version of this article. The authors have no funding, financial relationships, or conflicts of interest to disclose.
Polymorphisms in <i>TGF</i>-<i>β1</i> gene and the risk of lung cancer; Background: Transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-beta 1) functions as a suppressor of tumor initiation by inhibiting cellular proliferation or by promoting cellular differentiation or apoptosis in the early phase of cancer development. Variations in the DNA sequence in the TGF-beta 1 gene may lead to altered TGF-beta 1 production and/or activity, and so this can modulate an individual's susceptibitity to lung cancer. To test this hypothesis, we investigated the association of the TGF beta 1 -509C > T and 869T > C (L10P) polymorphisms and their haplotypes with the risk of lung cancer in a Korean population. Methods: The TGF-beta 1 genotypes were determined in 432 lung cancer patients and in 432 healthy control subjects who were frequency-matched for age and gender. The TGF-beta 1 haplotypes were predicted using a Bayesian algorithm in the Phase program. Results: Individuals with at least one -509T allele were at a significantly decreased risk of adenocarcinoma (AC) and small cell carcinoma (SM), as compared with carriers with the -509CC genotype [adjusted odds ratio (OR), 0.63; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.42-0.96; P=0.04; and adjusted OR, 0.45; 95% CI, 0.27-0.76; P=0.002; respectively]. For the 869T > C polymorphism, the combined TC+CC genotype was associated with a significantly decreased risk of SM compared with the TT genotype (adjusted OR, 0.52; 95% CI, 0.31-0.88; P=0.01). Consistent with the results of the genotyping analyses, the -509T/869C haplotype was associated with a significantly decreased risk of AC and SM as compared with the -509C/869T haplotype (adjusted OR, 0.75; 95% CI, 0.57-0.98; P=0.04; and adjusted OR, 0.67; 95% CI, 0.47-0.96; P=0.02; respectively). Conclusion: The TGF-beta 1 -509C > T and 869T > C polymorphisms and their haplotypes may contribute to genetic susceptibility to AC and SM of the lung. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
INTERMITTENT WARM BLOOD CARDIOPLEGIA; Background Warm heart surgery implies continuous perfusion with normothermic blood cardioplegia. Interruption of cardioplegia, however, facilitates construction of distal coronary anastomoses and is the method practiced by many surgeons. To determine whether intermittency is harmful, we present results from 720 coronary bypass patients, protected with intermittent antegrade warm blood cardioplegia, that were derived from a previous study of normothermic versus hypothermic cardioplegia. Methods and Results Mean+/-SD age was 60.8+/-9.0 years; 27% of cases were urgent; 16% of patients had >50% left main stenosis, and 19% had grade III or IV ventricles. A mean of 3.2+/-0.9 grafts was constructed. The average aortic cross-clamp time was 61.8+/-22.2 minutes. The longest single time off cardioplegia (LTOC) averaged 11.4+/-4.0 minutes per patient. The cumulative time off cardioplegia as a percentage of the cross-clamp time (PTOC) was 48.2+/-18.6% per patient. LTOC and PTOC were divided into quartiles (LTOC, <10, 10 to 11, 12 to 13, and >13 minutes; PTOC, <36%, 36% to 39%, 50% to 62%, and >62%) and related to the prespecified composite outcome of mortality, myocardial infarction according to serial CK-MB sampling, and low-output syndrome (LOS). Longer LTOC was harmful (event rates per quartile, 13.5%, 10.3%, 10.9%, and 19.0%; P=.046), whereas longer PTOC was protective (16.1%, 17.2%, 9.4%, and 10.6%; P=.07). Stepwise logistic regression was performed, controlling for demographic and angiographic predictors. In the multivariate models, LTOC remained detrimental (P=.07) and PTOC remained beneficial (P=.053). Additional modeling after entering surgeon identity (P<.001) into the risk equation eliminated the PTOC effect, whereas LTOC remained predictive of adverse outcomes (P=.053; odds ratio, 1.06; 95% CI, 1.00, 1.13). Conclusions The data indicate that a reasonable margin of safety exists with intermittent, antegrade warm blood cardioplegia. Repeated interruptions of warm blood cardioplegia are unlikely to lead to adverse clinical results if single interruptions are less than or equal to 13 minutes.
ECG Quantification of Myocardial Scar in Cardiomyopathy Patients With or Without Conduction Defects Correlation With Cardiac Magnetic Resonance and Arrhythmogenesis; Background-Myocardial scarring from infarction or nonischemic fibrosis forms arrhythmogenic substrate. The Selvester QRS score has been extensively validated for estimating myocardial infarction scar size in the absence of ECG confounders. but has not been tested to quantify scar in patients with hypertrophy, bundle branch/fascicular blocks, or nonischemic cardiomyopathy. We assessed the hypotheses that (1) QRS scores (modified for each ECG coil founder) correctly identify and quantify scar in ischemic and nonischemic patients when compared with the reference standard of cardiac magnetic resonance using, late-gadolinium enhancement, and (2) QRS-estimated scar size predicts inducible sustained monomorphic ventricular tachycardia during electrophysiological testing. Methods and Results-One hundred sixty-two patients with left ventricular ejection fraction <= 35% (95 ischemic, 67 nonischemic) received 12-lead ECG and cardiac magnetic resonance using late-gadolinium enhancement before implantable cardioverter defibrillator placement for primary prevention of sudden cardiac death. QRS scores correctly diagnosed cardiovascular magnetic resonance scar presence with receiver operating characteristics area under the curve of 0.91 and correlation for scar quantification of r=0.74 (P<0.0001) for all patients. Performance within hypertrophy. conduction defect. and nonischemic sub-groups ranged from area Under the curve of 0.81 to 0.94 and r=0.60 to 0.80 (P<0.001 for all). Among the 137 patients undergoing electrophysiological or device testing, each 3-point QRS-score increase (9% left ventricular scarring) was associated with an odds ratio for inducing monomorphic ventricular tachycardia of 2.2 (95% CI 1.5 to 3.2; P<0.001) for all patients, 1.7 (1.0 to 2.7. P=0.04) for ischemics, and 2.2 ( 1.0 to 5.0, P=0.05) for nonischemics. Conclusions-QRS scores identify and quantify scar in ischemic and nonischemic cardiomyopathy patients despite ECG confounders. Higher QRS-estimated scar size is associated with increased arrhythmogenesis and warrants further study as a risk-stratifying tool. (Circ Arrhythmia Electrophysiol. 2008;1:327-336.)
Diagnostic performance of standard electrocardiogram for prediction of infarct related artery and site of coronary occlusion in unselected STEMI patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention; Aims: To evaluate the relationship between ECG patterns and infarct related artery (IRA) in an all-comer population with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) and validate current criteria for identifying IRA (right coronary artery (RCA) versus left circumflex artery (LCA)) in inferior STEMI and for diagnosing left main (LM) or left anterior descendent artery occlusion (LAD) in anterior STEMI. Methods and results: We retrospectively analysed ECGs at presentation and coronary angiogram in 885 consecutive patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention. Six ECG patterns were identified: anterior-STEMI (n = 433; 49.0%), inferior-STEMI (i = 365; 43.0%), lateral-STEMI (n = 43; 5.0%), left bundle branch block (n = 26; 3.0%), posterior-STEMI (n = 7; 1.0%) and de Winter sign (n = 7; 1.0%). The last two ECG patterns were univocally associated with LCA and proximal LAD occlusion respectively. In patients with inferior STEMI, predefined ECG algorithms showed high sensitivity(> 90%) for RCA occlusion and high specificity(> 90%) for LCA. The diagnostic performance was mainly determined by RCA dominance. In anterior STEMI the vectorial analysis of ST deviation in both frontal and horizontal planes could identify patients with LM/proximal LAD occlusion (adjusted-odds ratio for in-hospital mortality = 2.45, 95% confidence interval: 1.31-4.56, p = 0.005) with low sensitivity (maximum 60%; using ST-depression in lead II, III, aVF + Sigma STE aVR + VI-ST depression V6 >= 0) and high specificity (maximum 95%; using ST-depression in inferior leads + ST-depression in V6). Conclusion: In STEMI undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention, six ECG patterns can be identified with a non-univocal relationship to the IRA. In inferior STEMI, vectorial analysis of ST deviation identifies IRA with a high appropriateness only when RCA is the dominant artery. In anterior STEMI, criteria derived from both frontal and horizontal planes identify LM/proximal LAD occlusion with high specificity but low sensitivity.
Unfractionated heparin dosing and risk of major bleeding in non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes; Background Unfractionated heparin (UFH) is a mainstay of treatment for patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes (NSTE ACS), but the practice of weight-adjusted bolus and infusion dosing has not been carefully evaluated. Methods Using data from 31,445 high-risk patients with NSTE ACS enrolled at 420 hospitals in the CRUSADE initiative, we evaluated initial UFH dosing relative to guideline recommendations and determined factors associated with excess weight-adjusted dosing and major bleeding, overall and among subgroups. Excess dose was defined as > 70 U/kg for bolus or > 15 U/kg per hour for infusion. Results The most frequent bolus dose was 5,000 U (42.7%) and infusion dose was 1,000 U/h (46%). An excess weight-adjusted UFH bolus or infusion dose was administered 35% of the time. Factors strongly associated with excess weight-adjusted dosing were age (per 10-year increase) (odds ratio [OR] 1.11, 95% CI 1.08-1.15) and female sex (OR 1.45, 95% CI 1.33-1.59). Rate of major bleeding increased proportionally in relation to dose of UFH for both bolus and infusion, specifically when dose was above the recommended weight-adjusted range (> 70 U/kg for bolus or > 15 U/kg per hour for infusion). Both excess bolus (OR 1.03, 95% CI 1.00-1.06) and infusion (OR 1. 16, 95% CI 1.05-1.28) were individually associated with increased bleeding. The relationship between weight-adjusted UFH dose and major bleeding did not vary independently by sex or age. Conclusions In high-risk patients with NSTE ACS, initial UFH bolus and infusion dosing were frequently higher than recommended weight-adjusted ranges, particularly in patients with lower body weight. Excess bolus and infusion rate dosing was associated with more bleeding and was common among elderly and females. Attention to dosing by weight rather than standard bolus and infusion dosing should lead to improved safety in the use of UFH.
Eligibility for PCSK9 Inhibitors According to American College of Cardiology (ACC) and European Society of Cardiology/European Atherosclerosis Society (ESC/EAS) Guidelines After Acute Coronary Syndromes; Background-The American College of Cardiology (ACC) and European Society of Cardiology/European Atherosclerosis Society (ESC/EAS) have recently published recommendations for the use of proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin-9 (PCSK9) inhibitors in situations of very high risk. We aim to assess in the real world the suitability of PCSK9 inhibitors for acute coronary syndromes. Methods and Results-We analyzed a prospective Swiss cohort of 2023 patients hospitalized for acute coronary syndromes between 2009 and 2014 with available data for low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and lipid-lowering therapy at 1 year. Clinical familial hypercholesterolemia was defined using the Dutch Lipid Clinic Network algorithm as unlikely, possible, probable, or definite. We simulated a fixed relative reduction of 24% in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels at 1 year in all patients not treated with ezetimibe, irrespective of the low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and statin regimen. At 1 year, 94.3% of patients were treated with statin, 5.8% with ezetimibe, and 35.8% of patients had on-target low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (< 1.8 mmol/L); 25.6% met criteria for possible or probable/definite familial hypercholesterolemia. After a simulation of the lipid-lowering effect of ezetimibe, the proportion of patients who would be eligible for PCSK9 inhibitors at 1 year was 13.4% using American College of Cardiology criteria and 2.7% using European Society of Cardiology/European Atherosclerosis Society criteria. Patients with possible or probable/definite familial hypercholesterolemia were more eligible for PCSK9 inhibitors compared with their non-familial hypercholesterolemia counterparts: 27.6% versus 8.8% according to American College of Cardiology criteria and 6.6% versus 1.8% according to European Society of Cardiology/European Atherosclerosis Society criteria (P<0.001). Conclusions-Recommendations made by the American College of Cardiology guidelines would lead to 5-fold higher eligibility rates for PCSK9 inhibitors compared to the European Society of Cardiology/European Atherosclerosis Society consensus statement in acute coronary syndrome patients.
Risk factors for ischaemic heart disease mortality among men with different occupational physical demands. A 30-year prospective cohort study; Objectives: Men with high physical work demands have elevated cardiovascular strain, which may lead to enhanced atherosclerosis. Theoretically, the impact of risk factors for ischaemic heart disease (IHD) may thus depend on physical work demands. The authors investigated this hypothesis. Design: Prospective 30-year follow-up. Setting: The Copenhagen Male Study. Participants: 5249 gainfully employed men aged 40e59 years; 311 men with cardiovascular disease/diabetes were excluded. Primary and secondary outcome measures: IHD and all-cause mortality. Results: 579 men (11.8%) died due to IHD and 2628 (53.7%) from all-cause mortality. Similarities and differences in risk predictors were found between men with low (n=1219), medium (n=2636) and high (n=846) physical work demands. After control for potential confounders, high physical fitness conferred a reduced risk of IHD mortality only among men with high physical work demands (HR: 0.48, 95% CI 0.24 to 0.96), a moderate/high level of leisure-time physical activity was associated with reduced risk of IHD mortality only among men with moderate and high physical work demands. High systolic blood pressure and smoking were risk factors in all groups. Similar, but less pronounced differences in risk factors for all-cause mortality between groups were found. Conclusions: The risk factors for IHD and all-cause mortality, low physical fitness and low leisure-time physical activity are not identical for men with different physical work demands. Preventive initiatives for IHD should be tailored to the physical work demands.
Perceived Sexual Difficulties and Sexual Counseling in Men and Women Across Heart Diagnoses: A Nationwide Cross-Sectional Study; Background: Ischemic heart disease and heart failure often lead to sexual difficulties in men, but little is known about the sexual difficulties in women and patients with other heart diagnoses or the level of information patients receive about the risk of sexual difficulties. Aim: To investigate perceived sexual difficulties and associated factors in a mixed population of men and women newly diagnosed with heart disease and provide insight into sexual counseling and information given by health care professionals. Methods: This article reports on a cross-sectional, questionnaire study sent to a randomly selected sample of men and women newly diagnosed with heart failure, ischemic heart disease, atrial fibrillation, or heart valve surgery. Eligible patients were identified by diagnosis using the Danish National Patient Register, which contains all diagnoses. Outcomes: Sexual difficulties were self-reported using single-item questions, and factors associated with sexual difficulties were collected from the survey and national registers. Results: The study population consisted of 1,549 men and 807 women (35-98 years old) with heart failure (n = 243), ischemic heart disease (n = 1,036), heart valve surgery (n = 375), and atrial fibrillation (n = 702). Sexual difficulties were reported by 55% of men and 29% of women. In a multiple regression analysis, difficulties in men were associated with being older (>= 75 years old; odds ratio [OR] = 1.97, 95% CI = 1.13-3.43), having heart failure (OR = 2.07, 95% CI = 1.16-3.71), diabetes (OR = 1.80, 95% CI = 1.15-2.82), hypertension (OR = 1.43, 95% CI = 1.06-1.93), receiving beta-blockers (OR = 1.37, 95% CI = 1.02-1.86), or having anxiety (OR = 2.25, 95% CI = 1.34-3.80) or depression (OR = 2.74, 95% CI = 1.38-5.43). In women, difficulties were significantly associated with anxiety (OR = 3.00, 95% CI = 1.51-5.95). A total of 48.6% of men and 58.8% of women did not feel informed about sexuality, and 18.1% of men and 10.3% of women were offered sexual counseling. Clinical Implications: Heart disease increases the risk of sexual difficulties and there is a need for improved information and counseling about sex and relationships for patients. Strengths and Limitations: This large nationwide survey of men and women combined a survey with administrative data from national registries. However, this study used non-validated single-item questions to assess sexual difficulties without addressing sexual distress. Conclusion: More than half the men and one fourth the women across common heart diagnoses had sexual difficulties. No difference was found among diagnoses, except heart failure in men. Despite guidelines recommending sexual counseling, sexual difficulties were not met by sufficient information and counseling. Copyright (C) 2017, International Society for Sexual Medicine. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine as cardiovascular risk factor; The amino acid L-arginine is the substrate for endothelial nitric oxide synthesis. The endothelium is capable of producing asymmetric dimethylargine (ADMA) (L-arginine methylated). ADMA is able to compete with L-arginine in nitric oxide (NO) production and inhibits oxide nitric synthase activity. Elevated blood levels of ADMA can block the synthesis of NO, and induce endothelial dysfunction, which may lead to the initiation and progression of atherosclerosic vascular disease. Prospective clinical studies in different patients populations suggest that ADMA is a new marker in cardiovascular disease and is to able to predict new cardiovascular events. Recently, intraindividual variations of ADMA in healthy subjects have been described. This fact induces to continue studying the diagnosis and prognosis value of this potential and novel marker of cardiovascular risk.
Penumbra and re-canalization acute computed tomography in ischemic stroke evaluation: PRACTISE study protocol; Rationale: Multimodal imaging, including computed tomography angiography and computed tomography perfusion imaging, yields additional information on intracranial vessels and brain perfusion and can differentiate between ischemic core and penumbra which may affect patient selection for intravenous thrombolysis. Hypothesis: The use of multimodal imaging will increase the number of patients receiving intravenous thrombolysis and lead to better treatment outcomes. Sample size: 400 patients. Methods and design: PRACTISE is a prospective, multicenter, randomized, controlled trial in which patients presenting within 4.5 h of symptom onset are randomized to either the current evidence-based imaging (NCCT alone) or additional multimodal computed tomography imaging (NCCT + computed tomography angiography + computed tomography perfusion). Clinical decisions on intravenous recombinant tissue plasminogen activator are documented. Total imaging time in both arms and time to initiation of treatment delivery in those treated with intravenous recombinant tissue plasminogen activator, is recorded. Follow-up will include brain imaging at 24 h to document infarct size, the presence of edema and the presence of intra-cerebral hemorrhage. Clinical evaluations include NIHSS score at baseline, 24 h and day 7 +/- 2, and mRS at day 90 to define functional outcomes. Study outcomes: The primary outcome is the proportion of patients receiving intravenous recombinant tissue plasminogen activator. Secondary end-points evaluate times to decision-making, comparison of different image processing software and clinical outcomes at three months. Discussion: Multimodal computed tomography is a widely available tool for patient selection for revascularization therapy, but it is currently unknown whether the use of additional imaging in all stroke patients is beneficial. The study opened for recruitment in March 2015 and will provide data on the value of multimodal imaging in treatment decisions for acute stroke.
CARDIOTHORACIC VARIABLES MEASURED BY BIOELECTRICAL IMPEDANCE IN PRETERM AND TERM NEONATES; Objective: To report the range of normal values for impedance-derived cardiac output, stroke volume, and the baseline transthoracic impedance in the healthy preterm and term neonate over the weight range generally found in the intensive care nursery. Design: Prospective, case-referent study. Setting: University medical center special care and term nurseries. Patients: Twenty-seven preterm and 25 term newborns with no evidence of cardiovascular problems. Interventions: We determined the values for impedance cardiac output and stroke volume to be used as reference values. Also measured was the baseline transthoracic impedance, a number that reflects the air/fluid ratio of the thorax. Measurements and Main Results: Stroke volume and stroke volume index were, respectively, 2.0 +/- 0.8 (SD) mL and 1.4 +/- 0.5 mL/kg for preterm infants, and 5.0 +/- 2.0 mL and 1.6 +/- 0.7 mL/kg for term neonates. Cardiac output and cardiac index were, respectively, 304 +/- 114 mL/min and 214 +/- 68 mL/min.kg for preterm newborns, and 648 +/- 244 mL/min and 205 +/- 78 mL/min.kg in term newborns. These values compared favorably with published values utilizing other techniques for these populations. Both cardiac output and stroke volume were linearly correlated to body weight, being largest in the heavier neonates. Transthoracic impedance values were 42.7 +/- 9.0 ohms and 6.7 +/- 1.7 ohms/cm for preterm infants and 32.3 +/- 4.3 ohms and 3.9 +/- 0.6 ohms/cm for term infants. Transthoracic impedance and transthoracic impedance/cm values were correlated negatively to body weight and were curvilinearly related to body weight. Conclusions: These values for transthoracic impedance and transthoracic impedance/cm are the first reported using the standard electrode lead configuration in neonates.
Intake of fish and long-chain <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids and the risk of coronary heart mortality in men and women; This prospective study investigated the relationship between the consumption of fish and intake of long-chain n-3 fatty acids and the risk of coronary heart mortality in 2775 men and 2445 women aged from 30 to 79 years who were free of CHD and had participated in a health examination survey from 1967 to 1972. In total, 335 men and 163 women died of CHD during a follow-up until the end of 1992. A dietary history interview method provided data on habitual consumption of fish and other foods over the preceding year at baseline. The intakes of long-chain n-3 fatty acids were calculated on the basis of food composition values of Finnish foods. Higher consumption of fish was associated with a decreased risk of CHD among women, whereas no significant association was seen among men. The relative risk between the highest and the lowest quintile for fish consumption was 1.00 (95 % CI 0.70, 1.43; P for trend 0.83) for men and 0.59 (95 % CI 0.36, 0.99; P for trend 0.02) for women in analysis adjusting for age, energy intake, geographical area, BMI, serum cholesterol, blood pressure, smoking, occupation and diabetes; however, after adjustment for dietary confounders this association was no longer significant. The intake of n-3 fatty acids was not significantly associated with the risk of CHD in either men or women. In conclusion, our results for women are in line with the suggested protective effect of fish consumption against CHD but a similar association was not, however, found in men.
Implementation phase of a multicentre prehospital telemedicine system to support paramedics: feasibility and possible limitations; Background: Legal regulations often limit the medical care that paramedics can provide. Telemedical solutions could overcome these limitations by remotely providing expert support. Therefore, a mobile telemedicine system to support paramedics was developed. During the implementation phase of this system in four German emergency medical services (EMS), the feasibility and possible limitations of this system were evaluated. Methods: After obtaining ethical approval and providing a structured training program for all medical professionals, the system was implemented on three paramedic-staffed ambulances on August 1st, 2012. Two more ambulances were included subsequently during this month. The paramedics could initiate a consultation with EMS physicians at a teleconsultation centre. Telemedical functionalities included audio communication, real-time vital data transmission, 12-lead electrocardiogram, picture transmission on demand, and video streaming from a camera embedded into the ceiling of each ambulance. After each consultation, telephone-based debriefings were conducted. Data were retrieved from the documentation protocols of the teleconsultation centre and the EMS. Results: During a one month period, teleconsultations were conducted during 35 (11.8%)of 296 emergency missions with a mean duration of 24.9 min (SD 12.5). Trauma, acute coronary syndromes, and circulatory emergencies represented 20 (57%) of the consultation cases. Diagnostic support was provided in 34 (97%) cases, and the administration of 50 individual medications, including opioids, was delegated by the teleconsultation centre to the paramedics in 21 (60%) missions (range: 1-7 per mission). No medical complications or negative interpersonal effects were reported. All applications functioned as expected except in one case in which the connection failed due to the lack of a viable mobile network. Conclusion: The feasibility of the telemedical approach was demonstrated. Teleconsultation enabled early initiation of treatments by paramedics operating under the real-time medical direction. Teleconsultation can be used to provide advanced care until the patient is under a physician's care; moreover, it can be used to support the paramedics who work alone to provide treatment in non-life-threatening cases. Non-availability of mobile networks may be a relevant limitation. A larger prospective controlled trial is needed to evaluate the rate of complications and outcome effects.
Classical cardiovascular disease risk factors associate with vascular function and morphology in rheumatoid arthritis: a six-year prospective study; Introduction: Patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) are at an increased risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). An early manifestation of CVD is endothelial dysfunction which can lead to functional and morphological vascular abnormalities. Classical CVD risk factors and inflammation are both implicated in causing endothelial dysfunction in RA. The objective of the present study was to examine the effect of baseline inflammation, cumulative inflammation, and classical CVD risk factors on the vasculature following a six-year follow-up period. Methods: A total of 201 RA patients (155 females, median age (25th to 75th percentile): 61 years (53 to 67)) were examined at baseline (2006) for presence of classical CVD risk factors and determination of inflammation using C-reactive protein (CRP) and erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR). At follow-up (2012) patients underwent assessments of microvascular and macrovascular endothelium-dependent and endothelium-independent function, along with assessment of carotid atherosclerosis. The CRP and ESR were recorded from the baseline study visit to the follow-up visit for each patient to calculate cumulative inflammatory burden. Results: Classical CVD risk factors, but not RA disease-related inflammation, predicted microvascular endothelium-dependent and endothelium-independent function, macrovascular endothelium-independent function and carotid atherosclerosis. These findings were similar in a sub-group of patients free from CVD, and not receiving non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitors or biologics. Cumulative inflammation was not associated with microvascular and macrovascular endothelial function, but a weak association was apparent between area under the curve for CRP and carotid atherosclerosis. Conclusions: Classical CVD risk factors may be better long-term predictors of vascular function and morphology than systemic disease-related inflammation in patients with RA. Further studies are needed to confirm if assessments of vascular function and morphology are predictive of long-term CV outcomes in RA.
Association of smoking with prevalence of common diseases and metabolic abnormalities in community-dwelling Japanese individuals; Smoking is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Given that certain common pathologies, including hypertension, dyslipidemia and type 2 diabetes mellitus, are major risk factors for CVDs, the association of smoking with CVDs may be attributable, at least in part, to its effects on common diseases. The aim of the present study was to determine the association of smoking with the prevalence of common diseases and metabolic abnormalities in community-dwelling Japanese individuals. The study included 5,959 subjects (1,302 current smokers, 1,418 past smokers and 3,239 nonsmokers) recruited to the Inabe Health and Longevity Study, a longitudinal genetic epidemiological study of atherosclerotic, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. Various metabolic parameters and prevalence of common diseases were compared between smokers and nonsmokers using multivariable regression or logistic regression analysis with adjustments for age. Analysis indicated significantly higher serum concentrations of triglycerides and lower concentrations of high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol in current smokers compared with nonsmokers in men and women. Serum concentrations of creatinine and systolic blood pressure were significantly lower and estimated glomerular filtration rate was higher in male current smokers. In addition, body weight was higher in female current smokers. In multivariable logistic regression analysis, smoking was significantly associated with the prevalence of dyslipidemia [P= 6.3x10(-10); odds ratio (OR), 1.81], hypertriglyceridemia (P=2.3x10(-20); OR, 2.39), hypo-HDL-cholesterolemia (P=2.0x10(-9); OR, 2.14), metabolic syndrome (P=0.0003; OR, 1.61) and chronic kidney disease (P=4.4x10(-15); OR, 0.54) in men, but not in women. The results indicated that smoking is significantly associated with various metabolic abnormalities and prevalence of common diseases in Japanese individuals, with certain sex differences, which may lead to accelerated development of CVDs.
Epidemiology of cerebrovascular disease related cognitive decline; Cognitive decline is a central component of the dementia process. Population-based prospective studies have confirmed the existence of age-related cognitive decline, although its conceptual basis and nosological status remain controversial. Healthy old people show decline with aging in global cognition and memory function in particular. Preclinical and clinical dementia patients exhibit deficits across multiple cognitive domains, with the largest and most consistent deficits in memory function. Cerebrovascular disease may lead to cognitive decline and promote the clinical expression of dementia directly or by interaction with APOE epsilon4. Early treatment and prevention of cerebrovascular disease may be the major measures for preventing and postponing the progression of the vascular disease related cognitive decline.
Multiple Genetic Loci Influence Serum Urate Levels and Their Relationship With Gout and Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors; Background-Elevated serum urate levels can lead to gout and are associated with cardiovascular risk factors. We performed a genome-wide association study to search for genetic susceptibility loci for serum urate and gout and investigated the causal nature of the associations of serum urate with gout and selected cardiovascular risk factors and coronary heart disease (CHD). Methods and Results-Meta-analyses of genome-wide association studies (GWAS) were performed in 5 population-based cohorts of the Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genome Epidemiology consortium for serum urate and gout in 28 283 white participants. The effect of the most significant single-nucleotide polymorphism at all genome-wide significant loci on serum urate was added to create a genetic urate score. Findings were replicated in the Women's Genome Health Study (n=22 054). Single-nucleotide polymorphisms at 8 genetic loci achieved genome-wide significance with serum urate levels (P=4x10(-8) to 2x10(-242) in SLC22A11, GCKR, R3HDM2-INHBC region, RREB1, PDZK1, SLC2A9, ABCG2, and SLC17A1). Only 2 loci (SLC2A9, ABCG2) showed genome-wide significant association with gout. The genetic urate score was strongly associated with serum urate and gout (odds ratio, 12.4 per 100 mu mol/L; P=3x10(-39)) but not with blood pressure, glucose, estimated glomerular filtration rate, chronic kidney disease, or CHD. The lack of association between the genetic score and the latter phenotypes also was observed in the Women's Genome Health Study. Conclusions-The genetic urate score analysis suggested a causal relationship between serum urate and gout but did not provide evidence for one between serum urate and cardiovascular risk factors and CHD. (Circ Cardiovasc Genet. 2010;3:523-530.)
Vascular Imaging Before Intravenous Thrombolysis: Consequences of In-Hospital Delay in Applying Two Diagnostic Procedures; BACKGROUNDVascular imaging is increasingly used for diagnosis of arterial occlusions in acute ischemic stroke (AIS) patients. Our aim was to determine whether computed tomography angiography (CTA) and Doppler/duplex ultrasound (DUS) before intravenous thrombolysis (IVT) is associated with a delay in time-to-treatment. METHODSObservational analysis of a prospective cohort of AIS patients treated with IVT from January 2009 to December 2012. Patients were classified into three groups: the noncontrast computed tomography (NCCT) group (patients studied only with NCCT before IVT), CTA group (patients who underwent CTA in addition to NCCT), and the DUS group (patients studied with NCCT+DUS). RESULTSWe treated 244 patients: 116 patients (47.5%) were studied with NCCT, 79 (32.4%) with CTA, and 49 (20.1%) with DUS. Door-to-needle time was significantly higher in the CTA group (median 60 [48-77] minutes) than in the NCCT group (51.5 [40-65]) and DUS group (48 [42-61]) (P = .008). No differences were observed for onset-to-door time and onset-to-needle time. In the multivariate linear regression analysis, onset-to-door time, prehospital stroke code activation, and performance of CTA influenced door-to-needle time. CONCLUSIONSPerforming CTA before IVT seems to increase door-to-needle time. Vascular imaging based on DUS should be considered only if this does not lead to in-hospital delay.
Editor's Choice - Safety of Carotid Endarterectomy After Intravenous Thrombolysis for Acute Ischaemic Stroke: A Case-Controlled Multicentre Registry Study; Objective: Few studies have been published on the safety of carotid endarterectomy (CEA) after intravenous thrombolysis (IVT). Registry reports have been recommended in order to gather large study groups. Design: A retrospective, registry based, case controlled study on prospectively gathered data from Sweden, the capital region of Finland, and from Denmark, including 30 days of follow up. Methods: The study group was a consecutive series of 5526 patients who had CEA for symptomatic carotid artery stenosis during a 4.5 year period. Among these, 202 (4%) had IVT prior to surgery, including 117 having CEA within 14 days, and 59 within 7 days of thrombolysis. IVT as well as CEA were performed following established guidelines. The median time from index symptom to CEA was 12 days (range 0-130, IQR 7-21). Results: The 30 day combined stroke and death rate was 3.5% (95% Cl 1.69-6.99) for those having IVT + CEA, 4.1% (95% Cl 3.46-4.39) for those having CEA without previous IVT (odds ratio 0.84 [95% CI 0.39-1.81]), 3.4% (95% Cl 1.33-8.39) for those having IVT + CEA within 14 days, and 5.1% (95% Cl 1.74-13.91) for those having IVT + CEA within 7 days. Conclusion: Data on the time from symptoms to CEA in patients not having IVT, Rankin score, degree of stenosis, and cerebral imaging were not available. Despite its weaknesses, this study reasserts that CEA can be performed within the recommended 2 weeks of the onset of symptoms and IVT without increasing the risk of pen-operative stroke or death. Centres and vascular registries are recommended to continue monitoring changes in patient characteristics, lead times, and major complications after CEA in general, with a special focus on those who have undergone a prior thrombolysis. (C) 2014 European Society for Vascular Surgery. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Inpatient cancer rehabilitation: A retrospective comparison of transfer back to acute care between patients with neoplasm and other rehabilitation patients; Objective: To determine whether patients with diagnoses of neoplasm undergoing acute rehabilitation differ from other patients in frequency of acute care transfer and type of medical complications. Design: Retrospective cohort analysis. Setting: Acute rehabilitation hospital located within an academic medical center. Participants: Patients with diagnosis of neoplasm (n=40) and patients without neoplasm (n=253) requiring transfer were identified from a database of 2801 rehabilitation discharges over nearly a 4-year period. Interventions: Not applicable. Main Outcome Measures: Frequency of unplanned transfer and reasons for the transfer. Results: Significant difference occurred in overall rate of transfer between patients with neoplasm (21%) and controls (9.7%; P < 001). When evaluated separately for type of neoplasm (with patients receiving corresponding type of rehabilitation as controls), a significantly higher rate of transfer to acute care was found for brain tumor (25% vs 12%; P=.004) and spinal cord neoplasms (23% vs 10%; P=.009), but statistical significance was not reached for other tumor types (12.5% vs 7.4%; P=.19). Patients with stroke with neoplasm as a comorbidity, analyzed separately, with the other patients with stroke as controls, had significantly higher risk of transfer (22% vs 10%; P=.012). Logistic regression analysis found an odds ratio (OR) of 2.5 for unplanned transfer among patients with diagnosis of neoplasm (OR=2.5 for malignancy; OR=2.4 for benign neoplasm). Patients with neoplasm had infection as the most common reason for transfer (28% of the neoplasm transfers vs 18% of other transfers; P=.01), whereas in the nonneoplasm group, cardiopulmonary factors predominated (12% of patients with tumor vs 31% of patients without tumor transfers; P <.001). Conclusions: In the present sample, patients with neoplasm were more likely to require transfer than patients without neoplasm, although this pattern did not reach statistical significance for noncentral nervous system cases. Overall, patients with neoplasm appear more likely than those without neoplasm to have an infectious cause for unplanned transfer. Increased awareness of this difference may lead to improved medical management on rehabilitation units.
Comorbid disorders and hospitalisation in Parkinson's disease: a prospective study; Parkinson's disease (PD) is often associated with other disorders, typical of the disease or of the age of PD patients, that can lead to hospitalisation, sometimes as emergencies. In this one-year prospective, longitudinal study, we investigated the comorbid events prompting the hospitalisation, or occurring during the planned hospitalisation, of an unselected group of 180 PD patients, admitted to 9 general hospitals in the course of the study. The most frequent acute comorbid events were trauma (30.5%), mostly due to falls, and vascular disorders (29.3%). Comorbidities were closely related to PD in 50% of cases. More than 50% of patients did not require (in addition to PD therapy) specific treatment for the acute comorbid event. Older age was associated with increased risk of complications. The setting up of multidisciplinary networks covering entire territories could help to improve the way in which we tackle the clinical and social problems generated by PD and its comorbidities.
The influence of transoesophageal echocardiography on intra-operative decision making - A European multicentre study; The role of transoesophageal echocardiography (TOE) in anaesthesia remains controversial because it is a rapidly evolving technique with few proven benefits and considerable cost. Recently, the Society of Cardiovascular Anaesthesiologists has published practice guidelines for the use of peri-operative TOE. To determine the current role of transoesophageal echocardiography and the relative impact of category-based transoesophageal echocardiographic indications the present study investigated its use in seven Western European countries. The study sample was taken from a prospective cohort of 224 patients with acute or chronic haemodynamic disturbances or at risk of myocardial ischaemia. All patients were monitored with two-lead electrocardiography and radial and pulmonary artery catheters, as well as biplane or multiplane transoesophageal echocardiography. A total of 2232 clinical interventions were made in these patients. The most frequently observed intervention was the administration of a fluid bolus (45% of all interventions). Overall, transoesophageal echocardiography was the most important guiding factor in 560 (25%) interventions. It was the most important monitor in guiding the following therapeutic interventions: anti-ischaemic therapy - 207 of 372 interventions (56%); fluid administration 275 of 996 (28%) interventions; vasopressor or inotrope administration - 56 of 316 (16%) interventions; vasodilator therapy - six of 142 (4%) interventions and depth of anaesthesia four of 211 (2%) interventions. We found that transoesophageal echocardiography is frequently influential in guiding clinical decision making and is used most frequently for category II indications but category I indications were associated with more frequent change in management.
A biochemical marker panel in MRI-proven hyperacute ischemic stroke-a prospective study; Background: Computer tomography (CT) is still the fastest and most robust technique to rule out ICH in acute stroke. However CT-sensitivity for detection of ischemic stroke in the hyperacute phase is still relatively low. Moreover the validity of pure clinical judgment is diminished by several stroke imitating diseases (mimics). The "Triage (R) Stroke Panel", a biochemical multimarker assay, detects Brain Natriuretic Peptide (BNP), D-Dimers (DD), Matrix Metalloproteinase 9 (MMP 9), and S100B protein and promptly generates a Multimarkerindex of these values (MMX). This index has been licensed for diagnostic purposes as it might increase the validity of the clinical diagnosis to differentiate between stroke imitating diseases and true ischemic strokes. Our aim was to prove whether the panel is a reliable indicating device for the diagnosis of ischemic stroke in a time window of 6 h to fasten the pre- and intrahospital pathway to fibrinolysis. Methods: We investigated all consecutive patients admitted to our stroke unit during a time period of 5 months. Only patients with clinical investigation, blood sample collection and MRI within six hours from symptom onset were included. Values of biochemical markers were analyzed according to the results of diffusion weighted MR-imaging. In addition MMX-values in ischemic strokes were correlated with the TOAST-criteria. For statistical analysis the SAS Analyst software was used. Correlation coefficients were analyzed and comparison tests for two or more groups were performed. Statistical significance was assumed in case of p < 0.05. Finally a ROC-analysis was performed for the MMX-Index. Results: In total 174 patients were included into this study (n = 100 strokes, n = 49 mimics, n = 25 transitoric ischemic attacks). In patients with ischemic strokes the mean NIHSS was 7.6 +/- 6.2, while the mean DWI-lesion volume was 20.6 ml (range 186.9 to 4.2 ml). According to the MMX or the individual markers there was no statistically significant difference between the group of ischemic strokes and the group of mimics. Moreover the correlation of the index and the DWI-lesion-volume was poor (p = 0.2). Conclusions: In our setting of acute MRI-proven ischemic stroke the used multimarker-assay (Triage (R) Stroke Panel) was not of diagnostic validity. We do not recommend to perform this assay as this might lead to a unjustified time delay.
Stroke Mimics Treated with Thrombolysis: Further Evidence on Safety and Distinctive Clinical Features; Background: Patients who present with symptoms mimicking ischaemic stroke (IS), but have a different diagnosis, are known as stroke mimics (SM). The necessity for rapid administration of intravenous thrombolysis in patients with acute IS may lead to treatment of patients with conditions mimicking stroke. A variable proportion of patients with SM (1.414%) are currently treated with intravenous tissue plasminogen activator therapy (IV-tPA). The outcome of these patients is generally favourable and complications are rather infrequent. We aimed to determine the frequency, clinical features and prognosis of SM patients treated with IV-tPA in an experienced stroke centre. Methods: A prospective registry was assembled with patients treated with IV-tPA at our stroke unit from January 2004 to December 2011. We recorded age, gender, baseline National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) score, treatment delay, vascular risk factors, clinical syndrome and aetiology. We retrospectively analysed the clinical characteristics of SM, safety (symptomatic intracranial haemorrhage and mortality) and outcome measures (modified Rankin Scale at 3 months, mRS) and compared them with IS patients. Results: 621 patients were treated with IV-tPA during the study period, 606 (97.5%) were IS and 15 (2.4%) were SM. The aetiology of SM was somatoform disorders (5), headache and neurological deficits with cerebrospinal fluid lymphocytosis (HaNDL) syndrome (3), herpetic encephalitis (2), glial tumours (2), and migraine with aura, focal seizure and cortical vein thrombosis in single cases. SM were younger (72 +/- 14 vs. 53.7 +/- 16 years, p < 0.05), had a lower baseline deficit [NIHSS 13 (9-18) vs. 8 (5-10), p < 0.05], fewer vascular risk factors, and left hemisphere symptoms were predominant (80 vs. 52.4%, p < 0.05). Global aphasia without hemiparesis (GAWH) was the presenting symptom in 8 (54%) SM and 44 (7%) IS (p < 0.05). Multimodal computed tomography was performed in 3 SM patients and showed perfusion deficits in 2 of them. No intracranial haemorrhage or disability (functional outcome at 3 months, mRS >2) was recorded in any SM patient. Conclusions: The use of intravenous thrombolysis appears to be safe in our SM patients, and prognosis is universally favourable. Somatoform disorder and HaNDL syndrome were prominent causes, and GAWH the most common presentation. The safety of thrombolysis in SM suggests that delaying or withholding treatment may be inappropriate: the benefit of thrombolysis in case of IS may outweigh the risks of treating an SM. Further studies may assess the future role of multimodal computed tomography in the differential diagnosis between IS and SM. Copyright (c) 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel
Serum zinc and risk of type 2 diabetes incidence in men: The Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study; Objectives: Zinc may play a role in the development of type 2 diabetes (T2D), because it is involved in antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities. However, the role of zinc in the etiology of T2D has been poorly investigated. This study was conducted to study the association of serum zinc on T2D risk in middle-aged and older Finnish men. Methods: This was a 20-year prospective follow-up study on 2220 Finnish men from the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study (KIHD) who were 42 to 60 years old at baseline in 1984-1989. The main outcome was incident T2D. Serum zinc, body mass index (BMI), fasting blood glucose (FBG), serum insulin, C-reactive protein (CRP) and, in a subset of 751 participants, insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1), were measured. Also, the homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) was used to quantify insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), beta-cell function (HOMA-beta) and insulin sensitivity (HOMA-IS). Results: At baseline, serum zinc was associated with higher BMI, serum insulin, HOMA-IR, HOMA-beta and IGFBP-1 and lower HOMA-IS. During the average follow-up of 19.3 years, 416 men developed T2D. Men in the highest quartile of serum zinc had 60% higher risk (95% CI 20-113%; P-trend <0.001) for incident T2D compared with the men in the lowest quartile, after multivariate adjustments. This association was attenuated after adjustment for BMI (HR= 1.39,95% CI 1.04-1.85; P-trend = 0.013) or HOMA-IS (HR= 1.38, 95% CI 1.04-1.83; P-trend = 0.015), whereas adjustment for the other factors had only modest impact on the association. Conclusion: Higher serum zinc was associated with higher risk of T2D; effects of zinc on BMI and insulin sensitivity may partly explain the association. Further prospective studies are warranted to confirm our results and explore potential mechanisms. (C) 2015 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
Fish intake, contaminants, and human health - Evaluating the risks and the benefits; Context Fish (finfish or shellfish) may have health benefits and also contain contaminants, resulting in confusion over the role of fish consumption in a healthy diet. Evidence Acquisition We searched MEDLINE, governmental reports, and meta-analyses, supplemented by hand reviews of references and direct investigator contacts, to identify reports published through April 2006 evaluating (1) intake of fish or fish oil and cardiovascular risk, (2) effects of methylmercury and fish oil on early neurodevelopment, (3) risks of methylmercury for cardiovascular and neurologic outcomes in adults, and (4) health risks of dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls in fish. We concentrated on studies evaluating risk in humans, focusing on evidence, when available, from randomized trials and large prospective studies. When possible, meta-analyses were performed to characterize benefits and risks most precisely. Evidence Synthesis Modest consumption of fish (eg, 1-2 servings/wk), especially species higher in the n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), reduces risk of coronary death by 36% (95% confidence interval, 20%-50%; P < .001) and total mortality by 17% (95% confidence interval, 0%-32%; P = .046) and may favorably affect other clinical outcomes. Intake of 250 mg/d of EPA and DHA appears sufficient for primary prevention. DHA appears beneficial for, and low-level methylmercury may adversely affect, early neurodevelopment. Women of childbearing age and nursing mothers should consume 2 seafood servings/wk, limiting intake of selected species. Health effects of low-level methylmercury in adults are not clearly established; methylmercury may modestly decrease the cardiovascular benefits of fish intake. A variety of seafood should be consumed; individuals with very high consumption (>= 5 servings/wk) should limit intake of species highest in mercury levels. Levels of dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls in fish are low, and potential carcinogenic and other effects are outweighed by potential benefits of fish intake and should have little impact on choices or consumption of seafood (women of childbearing age should consult regional advisories for locally caught freshwater fish). Conclusions For major health outcomes among adults, based on both the strength of the evidence and the potential magnitudes of effect, the benefits of fish intake exceed the potential risks. For women of childbearing age, benefits of modest fish intake, excepting a few selected species, also outweigh risks.
SPATIAL FEATURES IN BODY-SURFACE POTENTIAL MAPS CAN IDENTIFY PATIENTS WITH A HISTORY OF SUSTAINED VENTRICULAR-TACHYCARDIA; Background Regional disparities of ventricular primary-repolarization properties contribute to an electrophysiological substrate for arrhythmias. Such disparities can be assessed from body-surface distributions of ECG QRST areas. Our objective was to isolate and test those features of QRST-area distributions that would be suitable for identifying patients at risk for life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias. Methods and Results We recorded ECGs simultaneously from 120 leads during sinus rhythm for 204 patients taking no antiarrhythmic drugs: half had had sustained ventricular tachycardia (VT); the other half, a myocardial infarction but no history of VT. For each patient, we calculated the QRST area in each lead and, using Karhunen-Loeve (K-L) expansion, reduced these data to 16 coefficients (each relating to one spatial feature, an eigenvector, derived from the total set of 204 QRST-area maps). Using stepwise discriminant analysis, we selected feature subsets that best discriminated between the two groups, and we estimated by a bootstrap procedure using 1000 trials how these subsets would perform on a prospective patient population. The mean diagnostic performance of the classifier for 1000 randomly selected training sets (n = 102 in each, with both groups equally represented) increased monotonically with the number of features used for classification. The initial trend for the corresponding test sets (n = 102 in each) was the same but reversed when the number of features exceeded eight. For an optimal set of eight spatial features, the sensitivity and specificity of the classifier for detecting patients with VT in 1000 test sets were (mean+/-SD) 90.3+/-4.3% and 78.0+/-6.1%, and its positive and negative predictive accuracies were 80.7+/-4.2% and 59.2+/-4.2%, respectively. Use of QRS duration as a supplementary feature to eight K-L coefficients can, in the test sets, increase specificity to 80.9+/-5.4% and positive predictive accuracy to 82.8+/-3.9% compared with the results for the optimal number of eight K-L features alone. Conclusions Multiple body-surface ECGs contain valuable spatial features that can identify the presence of an arrhythmogenic substrate in the myocardium of patients at risk for ventricular arrhythmias. Our results compare very favorably with those achieved by any other known test, invasive or noninvasive, for arrhythmogenicity.
Long-term cardiac sequelae in operable breast cancer patients given adjuvant chemotherapy with or without doxorubicin and breast irradiation; Purpose: To investigate long-term cardiac sequelae associated with anthracycline use in adjuvant chemotherapy of patients with early breast cancer. Patients and Methods: All 1,000 patients from three prospective trials of adjuvant chemotherapy containing doxorubicin (n = 637, median fetal dose of 294 mg/m(2)) or not containing the anthracycline (cyclophosphamide, methotrexate, and fluorouracil [CMF] regimen alone, n = 363) were analyzed for the relative incidence of congestive heart failure (CHF) and myocardial infarction (MI) during 14 years of follow-up. The 462 women continuously free of disease as of February 1996 were recalled, and 355 consented to undergo evaluation including 12-lead ECG and cardiac ultrasound with determination of left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) to assess the relative incidence of abnormalities in long-term survivors. Results: Among the 1,000 patients, there were six cases of CHF and three cases of MI. Cumulative cardiac mortality accounted for 0.4% (doxorubicin-treated = 0.6%; CMF-treated = 0). Eighteen (5%) of the 355 patients undergoing cardiac evaluation after median 11 years of follow-up presented systolic dysfunction as defined by pathologic (<50%, n = 8) or borderline (50% to 55%, n = 10) LVEF. Systolic dysfunction was higher in doxorubicin-treated (15 of 192; 8%) than in CMF-treated patients (three of 150; 2%). Breast irradiation had a significant impact on the occurrence of early CHF (four of 116; 3%), but not on systolic dysfunctions. Conclusion: At longer than 10 years of follow-up, the use of doxorubicin at a total dose commonly applied in regimens of adjuvant chemotherapy does not lead to cardiac clinical sequelae that counter-balance the benefit of treatment in patients with operable breast cancer who may be cured of their disease. J Clin Oncol 19:37-43. (C) 2001 by American Society of Clinical Oncology.
Investigation of paramedics' compliance with clinical practice guidelines for the management of chest pain; Background Acute coronary syndromes remain a leading cause of preventable early deaths. However, previous studies have indicated that paramedics' compliance with chest pain protocols is suboptimal and that many patients do not receive the benefits of appropriate prehospital treatment. Aims To evaluate paramedics' level of compliance with national clinical practice guidelines and to investigate why, in certain circumstances, they may deviate from the clinical guidelines. Setting The Health Service Executive Mid-Western Regional Ambulance Service which serves a mixed urban and rural population across three counties in the west of Ireland. Method A retrospective review of completed ambulance Patient Care Report Forms was conducted for all adult patients with non-traumatic chest pain treated between 1 December 2007 and 31 March 2008. During the same study period, paramedics were asked to complete a prospective questionnaire survey investigating the rationale behind their treatment decisions, their estimation of patient risk and their attitudes towards the clinical practice guidelines and training. Results 382 completed Patient Care Report Forms were identified for patients with chest pain, of whom 84.8% received ECG monitoring, 75.9% were given oxygen, 44.8% were treated with sublingual glyceryl trinitrate (GTN) and 50.8% were treated with aspirin. Only 20.4% of patients had a prehospital 12-lead ECG recorded. 58 completed questionnaires were returned ( response rate 15%); 64% of respondents said they had received insufficient training to identify ECG abnormalities. Conclusions Prehospital treatment with oxygen, aspirin, sublingual GTN and ECG monitoring remains underused by paramedics, even though only a small number of patients had documented contraindications to their use. The small number of patients who received a prehospital 12-lead ECG is a cause of particular concern and suggests that incomplete patient assessment may contribute to undertreatment. Further provision of training and equipment is necessary to enable paramedics to more accurately assess and treat patients with acute coronary syndromes.
Recovery of motor function after stroke; Improvement of motor activity may occur after stroke. It may be because of recovery of marginally functional neurons. It may also occur by relearning, a process that strengthens existing pathways and may lead to new functional or structural changes- neuroplasticity. Clinical investigation into the treatment of chronic pain after thalamic infarction has shown improvement in motor function when pain relief is achieved with motor cortex stimulation. More recently, laboratory studies in rats and primates demonstrate significant improvement in forelimb reaching tasks in rats and primates after induced ischemic cortical infarction when rehabilitation is paired with stimulation of the injured cortex and cortical margin at low frequency (50 Hz). Structural changes have also been observed. Dendritic density in layer V of the cortex near the lesion increases after cortical stimulation, consistent with a restorative cortical plasticity. Also, stimulation combined with rehabilitation increases the area of the injured cortex from which movements can be evoked in response to stimulation of the injured cortex in rats. Unilateral cortical stimulation reduces secondary cortical hyperexcitability in the impaired hemisphere after stroke. These findings form the basis for the first clinical study motor cortex stimulation after chronic stroke in humans. A prospective, randomized multicenter study of subthreshold motor cortical electrical stimulation during rehabilitation in patients has been completed. The eight patients entered into this study had weakness from a stroke that occurred at least four months before enrollment. Results demonstrate that the treatment is safe. In addition, there was significant improvement in upper extremity function. These improvements persisted through the 12-week follow-up assessment period after completion of stimulation and rehabilitation. Recently, non-invasive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex demonstrates improvements in hand function that persist after stimulation for at least 25 minutes. Such work represents a paradigm shift in the approach towards rehabilitation of the stroke-injured brain away from pharmacologic flooding of neuronal receptors, instead towards targeted physiologic stimulation.
Diabetic hypertensive patients - Is this a group in need of particular care and attention!; Morbidity and mortality in diabetes are caused mainly by its vascular complications, both in the microcirculation and in the large vessels. Diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy are the clinical hallmarks of microangiopathy, which may lead to end-stage renal failure and blindness. The cardiovascular complications in diabetes consist mainly of an accelerated form of atherosclerosis. Systemic hypertension is an early and frequent phenomenon. Nocturnal hypertension is also more frequent in people with diabetes compared with the nondiabetic population. Capillary hypertension has been demonstrated in type 1 diabetic patients. Poor metabolic control may induce elevation in blood pressure, but data are conflicting. The prevalence of white-coat hypertension in the diabetic population is comparable with that in the nondiabetic population. Prospective observational studies in type 1 and ripe 2 patients have revealed that abnormally increased urinary albumin excretion and other potentially modifiable risk factors-such as hypertension, smoking, poor metabolic control, and social class-predict increased all-cause mortality and cardiovascular mortality. Arterial hypertension is a risk factor in the initiation and progression of diabetic micro- and macroangiopathy. Diabetes, hypertension, and smoking are the three most important risk factors for fatal and nonfatal stroke. A randomized, double-blind, parallel study has; revealed that the 5-year major cardiovascular disease rate was lowered by 34% for antihypertensive treatment compared with placebo. Furthermore, the study found a trend for lower all-cause mortality for low-dose antihypertensive-treated diabetic patients. Effective blood pressure reduction with ACE inhibitors and/or non-ACE inhibitors, frequently in combination with diuretics, reduces albuminuria, delays the progression of nephropathy, postpones end-stage renal failure, and improves survival in diabetic nephropathy.
Innovative Therapy Options in Rheumatic Diseases: Pandora's Box from the Cardiological Point of View; Rheumatologic diseases are characterised by chronic inflammation and activated cascades that simultaneously enhance the development of atherosclerotic plaque and lead to heart attack, stroke or sudden cardiac death, the leading cause of death worldwide. The aim of this review is to analyse the pharmacological therapy of rheumatic diseases in the light of cardiovascular risks. As first-line therapy analgetics and non-steroidal antirheumatic drugs were used commonly, but concerning cardiovascular morbidity the group of disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs) shows conflicting study results. On the one hand NSAR, coxibs and glucocorticoids in high doses increase cardiovascular risk, whereas on the other hand methotrexate appears to reduce cardiovascular risk. From the cardiologist's point of view Pandora's Box has been opened with the wide use of biologicals, blocking specific key enzymes of the inflammation cascade. While blocking TNF alpha seems to have a positive effect on the cardiovascular risk of patients, inhibiting interleukin-6 seems less satisfactory and promising due to the pronounced hyperlipoproteinemia. Complete uncertainty remains looking at the cardiovascular - and partly infectiological - risk for the use of IL-1 inhibitors (anakinra) or CD20 antibodies (rituximab). This is where the standardised treatment and control of EULAR recommendations appear, that will not only define the success of a rheumatological therapy, but also help monitoring the cardiovascular parameters and risk by taking the actual antirheumatic therapy into account. The uncertainties that resulted from the opening of Pandora's Box can thus be reduced, but as a conditio-sine-qua-non the need for prospective studies including cardiovascular endpoints remains.
Multicenter experience with a pectoral unipolar implantable cardioverter-defibrillator; Objectives. The purpose of this study was to prospectively examine in a multicenter study the methods of use, efficacy and complications of a unipolar cardioverter defibrillator in patients at risk for sudden cardiac death. Background. Implantation of cardioverter-defibrillators in the pectoral region offers a significant opportunity to improve the management of patients with life-threatening arrhythmias. Unipolar, single-lead, pectoral implantable cardioverter-defibrillators might decrease related mortality, morbidity and costs in the care of such patients, Methods. From November 3, 1993 to May 8, 1995, a unipolar defibrillator (Medtronic model 7219C) was selected for use in 473 patients from 74 centers (386 [82%] men, 87 [18%] women; mean [+/-SD] age 59 +/- 13 years, range 16 to 88). The clinical indication for use was ventricular fibrillation in 157 patients, sustained ventricular tachycardia in 236, both ventricular tachycardia and ventricular fibrillation in 53 and syncope or inducible ventricular tachycardia/ventricular fibrillation in 27. Coronary artery disease was present in 323 patients (68%). The mean left ventricular ejection fraction was 0.36 +/- 0.15 (range 0.10 to 0.85). The distribution of New York Heart Association congestive heart failure was class I = 34%; class II = 45%; class III = 17%; and class IV = 2%. Results. The unipolar cardioverter-defibrillator was inserted successfully in 464 (98%) of 473 candidates, Effective defibrillation occurred with the first shock polarity tested in 88% of patients, after a polarity switch in 8% and after lead or generator repositioning in 2%, The stored energy defibrillation threshold was obtained at implantation in 339 patients (72%) and was 11.5 +/- 6.1 J, with 72% of patients having a defibrillation threshold less than or equal to 12 J. The mean ''skin to skin'' implantation time was 96 +/- 45 min (range 25 to 335 min). Complications occurred in 29 patients (6%), Device therapy for 2,160 spontaneous ventricular tachycardia or fibrillation episodes occurred in 128 patients (27%) over a 2,732 device month experience (range 0 to 17.2) and was effective in 98.7% of episodes. There were 14 deaths (10 nonsudden cardiac, 3 sudden cardiac, 1 noncardiac). Cumulative survival, on an intention to-treat basis from all causes of death at 17.2 months, was 94.4%. Conclusions. Unipolar pectoral implantable cardioverter-defibrillators can be inserted with a high likelihood of success in a relatively brief procedure. Defibrillation thresholds are low, morbidity is modest, and survival rates are good with this new type of implantable cardioverter-defibrillator.
Diabetic hypertensive patients - a group in need of particular care and attention?; Morbidity and mortality in diabetes mellitus are caused mainly by its vascular complications, both in the microcirculation and in the large vessels. Diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy are the clinical hallmarks of microangiopathy, which may lead to endstage renal failure and blindness. The cardiovascular complications of diabetes consist mainly of an accelerated form of atherosclerosis. Systemic hypertension is an early and frequent phenomenon. Nocturnal hypertension is also more frequent in the diabetic than in the non-diabetic population. Capillary hypertension has been demonstrated in insulin-dependent diabetic patients. Poor metabolic control may induce an elevation in blood pressure, but the data are conflicting. The prevalence of white-coat hypertension in the diabetic population is comparable to that in the non-diabetic population. Prospective observational studies in IDDM and NIDDM patients have revealed that abnormally increased urinary albumin excretion and other potentially modifiable risk factors such as hypertension, smoking, poor metabolic control and social class predict increased all-cause and cardiovascular mortality Arterial hypertension is a risk factor in the initiation and progression of diabetic micro- and macroangiopathy. Diabetes, hypertension, and smoking are the three most important risk factors for fatal and non-fatal stroke. A randomised, double blind, parallel study has revealed that the five-year major cardiovascular disease rate was lowered by 34% for antihypertensive treatment compared to placebo. Furthermore, the study found a favourable trend in all-cause mortality for the low-dose antihypertensive-treated diabetic patient. Effective blood pressure reduction with ACE inhibitors and/or non-ACE inhibitors, frequently in combination with diuretics, reduces albuminuria, delays the progression of nephropathy, postpones endstage renal failure, and improves survival in diabetic nephropathy.
Survival in patients with chronic lower extremity ischemia: A risk factor analysis; This is a prospective cohort comparison study aiming to determine the mortality of patients with peripheral arterial occlusive disease (PAOD) and identify the risk factors affecting their survival. Data regarding demographic and biochemical risk factors, and lower limb disease severity classified by vascular laboratory criteria were collected prospectively from 665 consecutive patients presenting with symptoms of peripheral arterial occlusive disease. The effect of patient and disease risk factors on survival was analyzed by the life-table method and independent significant variables examined by a multivariate Cox regression model. The cumulative survival for all patients at 1, 3, and 5 years were 86.1, 71.2, and 55.8%, respectively, with a median survival of 72.2 months. Female sex, age, smoking, heart disease, renal disease, respiratory disease, stroke, critical ischemia, lowest anklebrachial index, no vascular reconstruction, and major amputation were associated with higher mortality. Lipid and biochemical variables were not significant determinants. Using multivariate Cox regression, age (>70), disease severity, anklebrachial index (<0.5), no vascular reconstruction, diabetes mellitus, and renal and cardiorespiratory diseases were identified as independent risk factors affecting patient survival. The survival of patients with PAOD is poor compared with the general population. Significant patient-related variables were largely coexisting diseases and advanced age, whereas the other risk factors for atherosclerosis are less influential. Disease severity may bear a direct relationship to mortality, and patients with critical ischemia have the worst prognosis. Early disease detection and timely vascular reconstruction may lead to an improvement in overall survival. DOI:10.1007/s100169910028.
Copper, ceruloplasmin and oxidative stress in patients with advanced-stage endometriosis; AIM: To compare patients with advanced stage endometriosis with control patients without endometriosis with respect to serum Copper (Cu) and Ceruloplasmin (Cp) levels and oxidative stress markers in order to evaluate the importance of these parameters in the pathogenesis of endometriosis. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 72 women who underwent laparoscopy or laparotomy for evaluation of infertility, pelvic pain, pelvic mass, tubal ligation or endometriosis were enrolled for this prospective clinical study. Patients were divided into two groups by visual diagnosis at surgery and histological confirmation of endometriosis: control patients (n=41) without endometriosis and study group (n=31) with stage III/IV (advanced stage) endometriosis. Serum Cu, Cp, total antioxidant status (TAS), total oxidant status (TOS), oxidative stress index (OSI), paraoxonase-1 (PON-1), malondialdehyde (MDA), triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) levels were compared between the two groups. Correlations between Cu, Cp and oxidative stress markers were determined. RESULTS: Serum TOS, OSI, Cu, Cp, TG, TC, LDL were significantly higher, whereas TAS, PON-1 activity and HDL were significantly lower, in women with advanced-stage endometriosis than in control groups. There was no difference in serum MDA activities between the two groups. Positive correlations were found between Cu and TOS, Cu and OSI, Cu and Cp, while a negative correlation was found between Cu and PON-1 in the advanced-stage endometriosis group. Positive correlations were found between Cp and TOS, and Cp and OSI in the advanced-stage endometriosis group. CONCLUSIONS: Cu and Cp appear to be associated with the etiopathogenesis of and oxidative stress in endometriosis.
Fragmented QRS frequency in patients with cardiac syndrome X; Objective: Cardiac syndrome X (CSX) is characterised by typical exertional chest pain, a positive response to exercise testing, and a normal coronary angiography. The relationship of CSX with myocardial fibrosis and ischemia has been clearly demonstrated in previous studies. In addition, fragmented QRS (fQRS) has been reported in the literature as an indicator of myocardial fibrosis. The aim of this study was to investigate the frequency of fQRS in patients with CSX. Methods: This prospective case-control study included 37 patients (CSX group) with typical complaints of angina, ischemia on an exercise test, and normal coronary arteries as detected by angiography and 47 patients (control group) with normal coronary arteries. Echocardiographic examinations were performed according to the recommendations of the American Society of Echocardiography. Continuous variables were expressed as mean +/- standard deviation (SD), and the qualitative variables were expressed as a percentage or ratio. Data were compared statistically with Shapiro-Wilk test, Student's t-test, Mann-Whitney U, chi-square and Fisher exact test. Results: There was no significant difference between the CRX and control groups with respect to basic characteristics such as age and sex. fQRS and the frequency of its presentation with stable angina pectoris at the clinic were significantly higher in the CSX group than in the control group (p values: 0.001 and <0.001, respectively). Conclusion: A close follow-up would be useful in CSX patients in whom fQRS is detected in an electrocardiogram (ECG) because of the association between fQRS and poor prognosis with respect to the prevention of late complications. We believe that the presence of fQRS in the ECG aids in the diagnosis of CSX in clinical practice and in the recognition of this group of patients.
Factors associated with abnormal T-wave axis and increased QRS-T angle in type 2 diabetes; Frontal plane T-wave axis and QRS-T angle are novel electrocardiographic ventricular repolarization parameters that have been scarcely evaluated in type 2 diabetes. The aim was to investigate the factors associated with these parameters of abnormal ventricular repolarization in a cross-sectional analysis of 594 patients with type 2 diabetes. Clinical, laboratory, 2D-echocardiographic, ambulatory blood pressure (BP) monitoring, aortic pulse wave velocity (PWV) and carotid ultrasonographic data were obtained. Digital 12-lead ECG was recorded, and frontal plane T-wave axis and QRS-T angle were automatically measured. T-wave axis was considered abnormal if > 75A degrees or < 15A degrees and QRS-T angle if a parts per thousand yen73A degrees in men and a parts per thousand yen67A degrees in woman. Associations were assessed by bivariate tests and multivariate logistic regressions. One hundred and four (20.9 %) patients had abnormal T-wave axis, and 84 (14 %) had increased QRS-T angle. Patients with abnormal ventricular repolarization were older and had greater prevalence of micro- and macrovascular diabetic complications than patients with normal repolarization. They had higher office and ambulatory BPs, greater prevalence of the non-dipping pattern, and greater left ventricular mass, aortic PWV and carotid intima-media thickness. On multivariate analysis, abnormal ventricular repolarization parameters were independently associated with left ventricular hypertrophy, non-dipping pattern, higher ambulatory systolic BPs, glycated hemoglobin and common carotid intima-media thickness, and with the presence of coronary artery disease. In conclusion, abnormal frontal plane T-wave axis and QRS-T angle are independently associated with several markers of pre-clinical atherosclerotic disease; whether these associations represent additional cardiovascular risk in type 2 diabetes shall be confirmed in prospective studies.
PREVALENCE OF ATRIAL ARRHYTHMIAS IN 48 HYPERTENSIVE PATIENTS - A PREDICTIVE POSITIVE FACTORS RESEARCH; We studied atrial arrhythmias during a continue prospective work in 48 hypertensive patients refered to the OMS criteria. Hypertension was confirmed by a blood pressure ambulatory monitoring and stress testing blood pressure trend. All cardiovascular drugs were stopped at admission. Patients with associated valvular or coronary artery disease were excluded from analysis. In all patients, we realised a twelve lead-ECG, stress testing, 24 hour Holter monitoring, a blood pressure ambulatory monitoring, two-dimensional echocardiography with Doppler study and cardiac radio-nuclide angiography with diastolic function study. Atrial arrhythmias were considered significant if more than 100 premature atrial beats (PAB) and / or more than three successive PAB were present during Holter monitoring. Significant atrial arrhythmias were found in 39.5 %, of patients (group II, n = 19), not significant in 60.5 % of patients (group I, n = 29). The duration of hypertension was longer in group II (140 vs 66 months, p < 0.05). There was no difference between the two populations considering left atrial size or blood pressure level. Furthermore, we were surprised to find a normal E/A ratio on mitral Doppler recording in patients with atrial arrhythmias (1.23 vs 0.9 ; p < 0.05). Others diastolic parameters didn't significantly differ. Left ventricular mass index was similar in the two groups but patients with atrial arrhythmias had more asymetric hypertrophy (1.23 vs 1.13 septum/posterior wall ratio : p < 0.05). Conclusion : atrial arrhythmias in our study seem to be more dependant from duration of HTA and left ventricular asymetric structure than from left atrial size. Normal E/A ration in patients with atrial arrhythmias could be explained by an atrial systolic disease succeeding to a hyper-contractility phase in hypertension but this should be explored by others studies with separate evaluation of E and A values in mitral Doppler recording.
Feasibility and Radiation Dose of High-Pitch Acquisition Protocols in Patients Undergoing Dual-Source Cardiac CT; OBJECTIVE. The objective of this study was to compare image quality and radiation dose between high-pitch and established retrospectively and prospectively gated cardiac CT protocols using an Alderson-Rando phantom and a set of patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS. An anthropomorphic Alderson-Rando phantom equipped with thermoluminiscent detectors and a set of clinical patients underwent the following cardiac CT protocols: high-pitch acquisition (pitch 3.4), prospectively triggered acquisition, and retrospectively gated acquisition (pitch 0.2). For patients with sinus rhythm below 65 beats per minute (bpm), high-pitch protocol was used, whereas for patients in sinus rhythm between 65 and 100 bpm, prospective triggering was used. Patients with irregular heart rates or heart rates of >= 100 bpm, were examined using retrospectively gated acquisition. Evaluability of coronary artery segments was determined, and effective radiation dose was derived from the phantom study. RESULTS. In the phantom study, the effective radiation dose as determined with thermoluminescent detector (TLD) measurements was lowest in the high-pitch acquisition (1.21, 3.12, and 11.81 mSv, for the high-pitch, the prospectively triggered, and the retrospectively gated acquisition, respectively). There was a significant difference with respect to the percentage of motion-free coronary artery segments (99%, 87%, and 92% for high-pitch, prospectively triggered, and retrospectively gated, respectively (p < 0.001), whereas image noise was lowest for the high-pitch protocol (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION. High-pitch scans have the potential to reduce radiation dose up to 61.2% and 89.8% compared with prospectively triggered and retrospectively gated scans. High-pitch protocols lead to excellent image quality when used in patients with stable heart rates below 65 bpm.
Cellular phospholipid and cholesterol efflux in high-density lipoprotein deficiency; Background-Prospective studies have examined the relationship between coronary artery disease and low plasma levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). Methods and Results-We investigated the causes of hypoalphalipoproteinemia (HypoA; HDL-C <5th percentile) in 64 subjects (12 women and 52 men). Apolipoprotein AI-mediated cellular cholesterol and phospholipid efflux were measured in fibroblasts from HypoA subjects, 9 controls, 2 patients with Tangier disease, and 5 patients with hyperalphalipoproteinemia. A phospholipid efflux defect was defined as <70% of controls. Mean HDL-C was 0.49 +/- 0.21 mmol/L. Cholesterol and phospholipid efflux correlated strongly (r=0.72, P<0.001). Phospholipid efflux and HDL-C (r=0.64, P<0.001) correlated in HypoA subjects. However, phospholipid or cholesterol efflux was no longer a determinant of HDL-C levels at higher levels (>approximate to1.0 mmol/L) of HDL-C. In HypoA subjects, 4 cases of Tangier disease and 6 of familial HDL deficiency (heterozygous Tangier disease) were identified (10 of 64; 16%). In the remaining 54 subjects, mean lipid efflux was not significantly different from controls and subjects with hyperalphalipoproteinemia. A phospholipid efflux defect was identified in 7 additional HypoA subjects, and a cholesterol efflux defect was detected in 11 subjects. In 2 of these subjects, the ABCA1 gene was ruled out as the cause of the efflux defect, while in 3, the low HDL-C trait segregated with the ABCA1 gene locus. Conclusions-Lipidation of lipid-poor apolipoprotein AI may not be a major determinant of cholesterol accumulation within more mature HDL particles and increasing cholesterol or phospholipid efflux beyond normal levels may not lead to increase in plasma HDL-C levels. ABCA1 is essential in the initial steps of HDL formation but other plasma events are major modulators of HDL-C levels.
RELATION BETWEEN VENTRICULAR PREMATURE COMPLEXES AND SUDDEN CARDIAC DEATH IN APPARENTLY HEALTHY-MEN; The association between ventricular premature complexes (VPCs) detected on a rest 2-minutes lead I electrocardiographic rhythm strip and sudden cardiac death (SCD), occurring within 1 hour of onset of symptoms, was evaluated in a prospective study of 15,637 apparently healthy white men, aged 35 to 57 years, at the first screening examination (1973 to 1975) to determine eligibility for the Multiple Risk Factor intervention Trial in Minneapolis/St. Paul, Minnesota. The prevalence of any VPC was 4.4% (681 of 15,637). Over an average follow-up period of 7.5 years, a total of 381 deaths occurred. Of these, 34% (131 of 381) were ascribed to coronary artery disease (CAD) and 31% of the CAD deaths (41 of 131) occurred suddenly. The presence of any VPC was associated with a significantly higher risk for SCD (adjusted relative risk = 3.0 p < 0.025). On the other hand, the presence of any VPC was not associated with any significant increase in the risk of non-SCD or of total deaths from CAD (adjusted relative risks = 1.0 and 1.6, respectively). When VPC characteristics such as frequency (2 or more uniform VPCs every 2 minutes) and complexity (multiforms, pairs, runs, R-onT) were examined, those with frequent or complex VPCs were at a significantly increased risk of SCD (adjusted relative risk = 4.2; p < 0.005), whereas for non-SCD no significant increase in risk was found (adjusted relative risk = 1.6; p = 0.28). The data also suggest that the presence of frequent/complex VPCs carries a greater risk for SCD in men younger than 50 years of age than in those 50 years or older. The specificity of VPCs to SCD may bear an etiologic association and merits a careful evaluation of otherwise healthy men who demonstrate VPCs, particularly frequent/complex, on a short-term electrocardiographic recording.
The 1+1 trial -: A prospective trial of a dual- versus a single-chamber implantable defibrillator in patients with slow ventricular tachycardias; Background-The tachycardia detection interval (TDI) in implantable cardioverter/defibrillators (ICDs) is conventionally programmed according to the slowest documented ventricular tachycardia (VT), with a safety margin of 30 to 60 ms. With this margin, VTs above the TDI may occur. However, longer TDIs are associated with an increased risk of inappropriate therapy. We hypothesized that patients with slow VTs (<200 bpm) may benefit from a long TDI and a dual-chamber detection algorithm compared with a conventionally programmed single-chamber ICD. Methods and Results-Patients with VTs <200 bpm were implanted with a dual-chamber ICD that was randomly programmed to a dual-chamber algorithm and a TDI of greater than or equal to469 ms or to a single-chamber algorithm with a TDI 30 to 60 ms above the slowest documented VT cycle length and the enhancement criteria of cycle length variation and acceleration. The primary combined end point was the number of all inappropriate therapies, VTs above the TDI, and VTs with significant therapy delay (>2 minutes). After 6 months, a crossover analysis was performed. Total follow-up was 1 year. One hundred two patients were included in the study. The programmed TDI was 500+/-36 ms during the dual-chamber phase and 424+/-63 ms during the single-chamber phase. For the primary end point ( inappropriate therapies, VTs above the TDI, or VTs with detection delay), a moderate superiority of the dual-chamber mode was found: Mann-Whitney estimator=0.6661; 95% CI, 0.5565 to 0.7758; P=0.0040. Conclusions-Dual-chamber detection with a longer TDI improves VT detection and does not increase the rate of inappropriate therapies despite a considerable increase in tachycardia burden.
The presence of fragmented QRS on 12-lead ECG in patients with coronary slow flow; Background: Coronary slow flow (CSF) is characterised by delayed opacification of coronary arteries in the absence of epicardial occlusive disease. It has been reported that CSF may cause angina, myocardial ischaemia, and infarction. Fragmentation of QRS complex (fQRS) is an easily evaluated non-invasive electrocardiographic parameter. It has been associated with alternation of myocardial activation due to myocardial scar and/or ischaemia. Whether CSF is associated with fQRS is unknown. The presence of fQRS on ECG may be an indicator of myocardial damage in patients with CSF. Aim: To investigate the presence of fQRS in patients with CSF. Methods: Sixty patients (mean age 55.5 +/- 10.5 years) with CSF and 44 patients with normal coronary arteries without associated CSF (mean age 53 +/- 8.4 years) were included in this study. The fQRS was defined as the presence of an additional R wave or notching of R or S wave or the presence of fragmentation in two contiguous leads corresponding to a major coronary artery territory. Results: The presence of fQRS was higher in the CSF group than in the controls (p = 0.005). Hypertension was significantly more common in the CSF group (p < 0.001). There was no significant association between the presence of fQRS and an increasing number of vessel involvements. Logistic regression analysis demonstrated that the presence of CSF was the independent determinant of fQRS (OR = 10.848; 95% CI 2.385-49.347; p = 0.002). Conclusions: Fragmented QRS, indicating increased risk for arrhythmias and cardiovascular mortality, was found to be significantly higher in patients with CSF. We have not found an association between the presence of fragmented QRS and the degree of CSF. Further prospective studies are needed to establish the significance as a possible new risk factor in patients with CSF.
Repolarization Abnormalities in Patients with Subarachnoid and Intracerebral Hemorrhage: Predisposing Factors and Association with Outcome; BACKGROUND: Electrocardiographic (ECG) abnormalities are frequent in patients with intracranial insult. In this study, we evaluated the factors predisposing to the repolarization abnormalities, i.e., prolonged corrected QT (QTc) interval, ischemic-like ECG changes and morphologic end-repolarization abnormalities, and examined the prognostic value of these abnormalities in patients with subarachnoid and intracerebral hemorrhages requiring intensive care. METHODS: This was a prospective, observational clinical study in a university-level intensive care unit. Clinical characteristics, the level of consciousness, and findings in primary head computed tomography were recorded on admission. The study period was divided into three 2-day sections. In each section, a 12-lead ECG, transthoracic echocardiography, the results of standard blood electrolytes and cardiac troponin I, as well as the rate of vasoactive and sedative drug infusions were recorded. Repolarization abnormalities such as prolongation of the QTc interval (millisecond), ischemic-like ECG changes, and morphologic end-repolarization abnormalities (present/absent) were evaluated and analyzed. The 1-year functional outcome was determined using the Glasgow Outcome Score. RESULTS: During the 2-year study period, 108 patients were included in the study. Different repolarization abnormalities were frequent in both types of hemorrhage. Prolongation of the QTc interval was predisposed by female gender (beta, 24.5; P = 0.010) and the use of propofol (beta, 30.5; P = 0.001). The predisposing factor for ischemic-like ECG changes were male gender (odds ratio [OR], 5.9; P = 0.003) and for morphological end-repolarization abnormalities aneurysmatic bleeding (OR, 13.0; P = 0.002). Ischennic-like ECG changes were common, in 87/108 patients during the study period, and were associated with a poorer 1-year functional outcome (OR, 4.7; lower 95% confidence interval, 1.5; P = 0.010). CONCLUSIONS: Each repolarization abnormality has characteristic predisposing factors. Ischemic-like ECG changes are common and are associated with a poorer 1-year functional outcome. (Anesth Analg 2013;116:190-7)
Dose-dependent prophylactic effect of nicorandil, an ATP-sensitive potassium channel opener, on intra-operative myocardial ischaemia in patients undergoing major abdominal surgery; Nicorandil, a nicotinamide nitrate derivative. relaxes vascular smooth muscle and reduces cardiac muscle contractility by increasing membrane potassium conductance, probably by activating ATP-sensitive potassium channels. In this prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical study. we examined the dose-dependent prophylactic effect of nicorandil on intra-operative myocardial ischaemia in 248 patients who had pre-operative risk factors for ischaemic heart disease and were undergoing major abdominal surgery. Patients in group HD (n=81) received a bolus dose of nicorandil 0.08 mg kg(-1) and a continuous infusion of 0.08 mg kg(-1) h(-1). Patients in group LD (n=87) received nicorandil 0.04 mg kg(-1) and 0.04 mg kg(-1) h(-1) Patients in the placebo (P) group (n=80) received the same volumes of saline. The patients were monitored with a three-lead clinical ECG monitor with an ST trending device from arrival in the operating theatre to the end of anaesthesia. Intra-operative myocardial ischaemia occurred significantly less frequently in the HD group tone patient, 1.2%) than in the LD (11 patients, 12.6%) and P groups (21 patients, 26.3%) (P<0.01), and in group LD significantly less than in group P (P<0.05). Administration of nicorandil had little effect on the patients' heart rate or arterial pressure. Three patients in group P and none in either treatment group developed myocardial infarction after surgery.
Impact of current and past blood pressure on retinal arteriolar diameter in an older population; Objective To examine the effects of current and past blood pressure on retinal arteriolar diameter in a general older population. Design Cross-sectional and longitudinal studies. Setting Population-based cohort study of older residents from an area west of Sydney, Australia. Participants Two thousand three hundred and thirty-five individuals (n = 2335) (aged greater than or equal to 54 years) who attended the 5-year follow-up Blue Mountains Eye Study during 1997-99. Main outcome measures A computer-assisted method measured vessel diameters from digitized right eye retinal photographs. The narrowest quintile of central retinal arteriolar equivalent or arteriole-to-venule ratio (AVR) defined generalized arteriolar narrowing. Blood pressure was measured using a mercury sphygmomanometer. Results After simultaneous adjustment for age, sex, body mass index, smoking and current or past blood pressure, elevated levels of both current and past blood pressure were associated with narrower retinal arterioles [P-trend = 0.009 and 0.007 for current and past systolic blood pressure (SBP), respectively] and lower AVR [P-trend = 0.001 and 0.0009 for current and past diastolic blood pressure (DBP), respectively]. Generalized arteriolar narrowing was associated with both current blood pressure [adjusted odds ratio (OR) 2.4, 95% confidence interval (Cl) 1.5-3.8 for the highest versus lowest quintile of current DBP] and past blood pressure (adjusted OR 1.7, 95% Cl 1.1-2.6, for the highest versus lowest quintile of past DBP). Hypertension duration or control status at baseline had no additional effect on arteriolar diameter after adjusting for current blood pressure. Conclusions Our data document the independent effects of both current and past blood pressure on small vessel calibre in the retina, suggesting that retinal arteriolar narrowing may result from the cumulative effects of long-standing hypertension.
Recognition of far-field electrograms during entrainment mapping of ventricular tachycardia; OBJECTIVES The goal of this study was to assess entrainment for distinguishing far-field potentials (FFP) due to depolarization of tissue at a distance from the mapping catheter from the local potential (LP) due to depolarization of tissue at the catheter electrode during mapping of ventricular tachycardia (VT). BACKGROUND Electrograms with multiple peaks commonly complicate mapping and identification of catheter ablation targets in infarcts. METHODS Retrospective analysis of catheter mapping data from eight patients with prior infarction was performed to evaluate multipotential electrograms at sites where pacing entrained VT. Potentials that were visible and not altered during pacing were defined as FFP. Potentials obscured by the pacing stimulus were designated possible LPs. The criteria for FFP were then assessed in a second cohort of five patients. RESULTS At 32 of 39 (82%) sites with multiple potentials, entrainment identified one of the potentials as an FFP. Radiofrequency ablation, assessed at 15 sites, reduced the amplitude of LPs by 62%, without significant effect on FFP amplitude. At 56% of sites with multiple potentials, measuring the postpacing interval to and FFP would lead to erroneous classification of the site location relative to the reentry circuit. In prospective evaluation, double potentials were identified at 77 sites in infarcts; entrainment demonstrated an FFP at 66 (86%) sites. CONCLUSIONS Far-field potentials are common during mapping in infarcts. Many can be distinguished from local potentials by entrainment, improving the accuracy of mapping. (C) 2003 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
P-wave duration and dispersion in children with uncomplicated familial Mediterranean fever; Objectives This was a prospective controlled study to determine the P-wave duration (Pdu) and P-wave dispersion (Pd) in patients with familial Mediterranean fever (FMF). Methods The study group consisted of 26 children with uncomplicated FMF and 25 age-and sex-matched healthy controls. We performed electrocardiography (ECG) with Doppler echocardiography on patients and controls. All participants underwent 12-lead electrocardiography under strict standards. Pdu and Pd were computed from a randomly selected beat and from an averaged beat constructed from 12 beats, included in a 10-s ECG. Results The left ventricle (LV) dimensions, LV ejection fraction (LVEF), and LV fractional shortening (LVFS) values, left atrium dimension, and aortic dimension were in normal range in both groups. There were significant differences between the groups regarding LV-isovolumic relaxation time (IRT), LV-isovolumic contraction time (ICT), right ventricle (RV)-ICT, RV-IRT, and Pd (all p < 0.0001). However, highly significant positive correlation was detected between LV-ICT, LV-IRT, RV-ICT, RV-IVT, C-reactive protein (CRP), and Pd (r = 0.505, p < 0.0001; r = 0.483, p < 0.0001; r = 0.433, p = 0.001; r = 0.421, p = 0.001; r = 0.452, p = 0.001; r = 0.478, p < 0.0001, respectively). Conclusions Uncomplicated FMF children who are continuously treated with colchicine and do not develop amyloidosis have abnormal atrial dispersion and therefore seemingly have an increased electrocardiographic risk of atrial fibrillation.
Bariatric Surgery can Lead to Net Cost Savings to Health Care Systems: Results from a Comprehensive European Decision Analytic Model; The objective of the present study was to evaluate the cost-utility of bariatric surgery in a lifetime horizon from a Swedish health care payer perspective. A decision analytic model using the Markov process was developed covering cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, and surgical complications. Clinical effectiveness and safety were based on the literature and data from the Scandinavian Obesity Surgery Registry. Gastric bypass, sleeve gastrectomy, and gastric banding were included in the analysis. Cost data were obtained from Swedish sources. Bariatric surgery was cost saving in comparison with conservative management. It also led to a substantial reduction in lifetime risk of events: from a 16 % reduction in the risk of transient ischaemic attacks to a 62 % reduction in the incidence of type 2 diabetes. Over a lifetime, surgery led to savings of a,not sign8408 and generated an additional 0.8 years of life and 4.1 quality-adjusted life years (QALYs) per patient, which translates into gains of 32,390 quality-adjusted person-years and savings of a,not sign66 million for the cohort, operated in 2012. Analysis of the consequences of a 3-year delay in surgery provision showed that the overall lifetime cost of treatment may be increased in patients with diabetes or a body mass index > 40 kg/m(2). Delays in surgery may also lead to a loss of clinical benefits: up to 0.6 life years and 1.2 QALYs per patient over a lifetime. Bariatric surgery, over a lifetime horizon, may lead to significant cost savings to health care systems in addition to the known clinical benefits.
Genomic and proteomic determinants of lower extremity revascularization failure: Rationale and study design; This translational research program applies a working model of advanced functional genomics/proteomics and bioinformatics to human peripheral arterial occlusive disease (PAOD). It is a multidisciplinary collaborative effort of clinicians, scientists, and statisticians with an advisory panel consisting of experts in inflammation biology, vascular biology, molecular genetics, bioinformatics, clinical trial design, and epidemiology. The proposed human initiative is designed to study 300 symptomatic patients with PAOD undergoing medical management with or without vascular intervention by lower extremity angioplasty/stenting or vein graft bypass. The study aims to test the hypothesis that the systemic inflammatory response after vascular intervention influences the local milieu responsible for vascular repair and adaptation. The expectation is that this response is not uniform in all patients but, rather, is modulated by either preoperative genetic predisposition or postprocedure differential regulation of the innate immune response to injury that promotes a maladaptive phenotype leading to intervention failure. Therefore, some of these differences may be present and detectable before intervention and amenable to class prediction and prospective treatment strategies, whereas others may be detectable in the early postprocedural period, before the onset of clinical failure, permitting interventions to prevent an adverse outcome. The combination of genomic/proteomic data together with functional and quality-of-life outcome measures to define a critical model for class prediction and analysis should lead to new knowledge about failure mechanisms of vascular intervention and new strategies to improve existing approaches to lower extremity revascularization.
QTc dispersion in haemodialysis patients with cardiac complications; Background and Aims: QTc dispersion (Maximum - Minimum QTc interval on a standard 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG)) is a useful predictor of tachyarrhythmic events and related sudden cardiac death. Recent studies have reported that QTc dispersion is prolonged in patients receiving haemodialysis (HD), and it is often further prolonged following HD treatment. In the present study, we examine whether the patients who are susceptible to prolongation of QTc dispersion by HD are prone to life-threatening cardiovascular events and related deaths. Methods: Forty-eight patients with cardiac symptoms such as chest pain (n = 32), arrhythmia (n = 2) or heart failure (n = 14) and receiving chronic HD treatment (40 males and eight females) were subjected to the present study. Twenty-six of a total 48 patients were given a diagnosis of ischaemic heart disease (IHD) by coronary angiography. Ten patients had cerebrovascular accidents and 11 patients had peripheral vascular disease. After the ECG recording, a prospective follow up was conducted for 37 ± 24 months. Results: During the follow-up period, 30 patients had cardiac events, and 23 including 18 cardiovascular deaths occurred as outcomes. Throughout the total period, patients who showed prolongation of QTc dispersion after HD had cardiovascular deaths with higher incidence than those did not show the prolongation. Conclusions: We consider that prolongation of QTc dispersion after HD treatment can predict the prognosis of patients with renal failure bearing cardiac complications. Great care is necessary for such patients if they show longer QTc dispersion and/or susceptibility for further prolongation after HD treatment.
Rituximab in the treatment of pemphigus; Introduction: Pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune mucocutaneous blistering disease with a high morbidity and mortality rate. Autoantibodies against molecules that bind keratinocytes to each other in the skin or mucosa leads to cell separation known as acantholysis. Flaccid blisters and erosions are characteristic clinical representations. The disease could be controlled with conventional therapy consisting of systemic corticosteroids and immunosuppressive agents. Long term use of these agents can lead to severe, and not infrequently, catastrophic or life threatening adverse events. Rituximab is a B-cell depleting agent that has been used in treating pemphigus patients that are non-responsive to conventional therapy, or have developed side effects to it or have contraindications to their use. Areas covered: This expert opinion based on a thorough review of the literature focuses on the use of rituximab in the treatment of pemphigus. The main areas of coverage include its market needs, clinical outcomes, adverse events and prospective competitors in the future. Expert opinion: Rituximab is an effective agent in the treatment of pemphigus. One of the unique features of rituximab is that it produces rapid control of clinical disease and cessation of new blisters formation. There is no consensus on the most effective protocol. It has been shown that the addition of intravenous immunoglobulin can provide long lasting remission. Rituximab may alter the regulation of the immune system. Physicians should be aware of its potential side effects.
Perioperative β-Blockade in Noncardiac Surgery: A Cautionary Tale of Over-reliance on Small Randomized Prospective Trials; Purpose: Our aim was to analyze the current scientific literature relevant to the use of P-adrenergic receptor antagonists for the prevention of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in patients undergoing noncardiac surgery. Methods: A PubMed search was conducted for the following concepts: pre- or perioperative, p-adrenergic receptor antagonist, treatment outcome, and cardiovascular complication. Randomized clinical trials measuring the effect of p-adrenergic blocking agents against that of placebo on cardiovascular outcomes after noncardiac surgery were included in the review. Findings: Two small randomized controlled trials published in 1996 and 1999 reported associations between perioperative (beta-blockade and significant reductions in long-term and 30-day cardiac mortality, respectively. These 2 studies prompted guideline changes in 2002 encouraging perioperative beta-blockade in subsets of noncardiac surgery patients. However, subsequent trials failed to validate these results. In 2008, the first large randomized controlled trial on the topic was published and found an association between perioperative (beta-blockade and an increase in perioperative mortality. Furthermore, in 2011, the lead author of the 1999 study was dismissed from his academic position for scientific misconduct, casting doubt on the validity of guidelines based on his work. Existing studies are highly heterogeneous, making comparisons difficult. Current literature does not support initiating perioperative beta-blockade in noncardiac surgery patients not already receiving these medications. (C) 2016 Elsevier HS Journals, Inc. All rights reserved.
Parenteral fluid regimens for improving functional outcome in people with acute stroke; Background Parenteral fluids are commonly used in people with acute stroke with poor oral fluid intake. However, the balance between benefit and harm for different fluid regimens is unclear. Objectives To assess whether different parenteral fluid regimens lead to differences in death, or death or dependence, after stroke based on fluid type, fluid volume, duration of fluid administration, and mode of delivery. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Stroke Group Trials Register (May 2015), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (CDSR) and the Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effects (DARE) (Cochrane Library 2015, Issue 5), MEDLINE (2008 toMay 2015), EMBASE (2008 toMay 2015), and CINAHL (1982 toMay 2015). We also searched ongoing trials registers (May 2015) and reference lists, performed cited reference searches, and contacted authors. Selection criteria Randomised trials of parenteral fluid regimens in adults with ischaemic or haemorrhagic stroke within seven days of stroke onset that reported death or dependence. Data collection and analysis One review author screened titles and abstracts. We obtained the full-text articles of relevant studies, and two review authors independently selected trials for inclusion and extracted data. We used Cochrane's tool for bias assessment. Main results We included 12 studies (2351 participants: range 27 to 841). Characteristics: The 12 included studies compared hypertonic (colloids) with isotonic fluids (crystalloids); of these, five studies (1420 participants) also compared 0.9% saline with another fluid. No data were available to make other comparisons. Delay from stroke to recruitment varied from less than 24 hours to 72 hours. Duration of fluid delivery was between two hours and 10 days. Bias assessment: Investigators and participants in eight of the 12 included studies were blind to treatment allocation, seven of the 12 included studies gave details of randomisation, and eight of the 12 included studies reported all outcomes measured. Results: There were no relevant completed trials that addressed the effect of volume, duration, or mode of fluid delivery on death or dependence in people with stroke. The odds of death or dependence were similar in participants allocated to colloids or crystalloid fluid regimens (odds ratio (OR) 0.97, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.79 to 1.21, five studies, I-2 = 58%, low-quality evidence), and between 0.9% saline or other fluid regimens (OR 1.04, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.32, three studies, I-2 = 71%, low-quality evidence). There was substantial heterogeneity in these estimates. The odds of death were similar between colloids and crystalloids (OR 1.02, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.27, 12 studies, I-2 = 24%, moderatequality evidence), and 0.9% saline and other fluids (OR 0.87, 95% CI 0.67 to 1.12, five studies, I-2 = 53%, low-quality evidence). The odds of pulmonary oedema were higher in participants allocated to colloids (OR 2.34, 95% CI 1.28 to 4.29, I-2 = 0%). Although the studies observed a higher risk of cerebral oedema (OR 0.20, 95% CI 0.02 to 1.74) and pneumonia (OR 0.58, 95% CI 0.17 to 2.01) with crystalloids, we could not exclude clinically important benefits or harms. Authors' conclusions We found no evidence that colloids were associated with lower odds of death or dependence in the medium term after stroke compared with crystalloids, though colloids were associated with greater odds of pulmonary oedema. We found no evidence to guide the best volume, duration, or mode of parenteral fluid delivery for people with acute stroke.
AMPK in the central nervous system: physiological roles and pathological implications; 5' AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) is considered the master metabolic regulator in all eukaryotes, as it maintains cellular energy homeostasis in a variety of tissues, including the brain. In humans, alterations in AMPK activity can lead to a wide spectrum of metabolic disorders. The relevance of this protein kinase in the pathogenesis of diabetes and metabolic syndrome is now well established. On the contrary, correlations between AMPK and brain physiopathology are still poorly characterized. The aim of this review is to summarize and discuss the current knowledge about the prospective involvement of AMPK in the onset and the progression of different neurological diseases.
Stent Retriever-Mediated Manual Aspiration Thrombectomy for Acute Ischemic Stroke; Background and Purpose: Stent retriever thrombectomy and manual aspiration thrombectomy (MAT) have each been shown to lead to high rates of recanalization as single-modality endovascular stroke therapy. We sought to describe the safety and efficacy of a multimodal approach combining these two techniques termed 'stent retriever-mediated manual aspiration thrombectomy' (SMAT) and compared them to MAT alone. Methods: Retrospective review of a prospectively acquired acute endovascular stroke database. Results: 195 consecutive patients with large-vessel occlusion were identified between July 2013 and April 2015. Occlusion distribution was as follows: 52% middle cerebral artery segment 1 (M1), 6% M2, 29% internal carotid artery, and 13% vertebrobasilar. Median onset to treatment time was 278 min. Intravenous rtPA was administered in 33% of cases, whereas 34% of cases had symptom onset beyond 8 h. Effective recanalization (TICI 2b/3) was achieved in 91% of patients and in 49% of patients, only a single pass was necessary. Median groin puncture to recanalization time was 40 min. Symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage occurred in 5% of patients. Favorable outcomes defined as a modified Rankin Scale score of 0-2 were noted in 42% of patients. Compared with MAT alone, SMAT achieved a similar rate of effective recanalization (91 vs. 88%, p = n.s.) but was associated with faster access to reperfusion times (49 vs. 77 min, p < 0.00001). Conclusions: SMAT is a safe and efficacious method to achieve rapid revascularization that leads to faster recanalization compared to manual aspiration alone. Future prospective comparisons are necessary to establish the most clinically effective therapy for acute thrombectomy. (C) 2016 S. Karger AG, Basel
Advanced modality imaging evaluation in acute ischemic stroke may lead to delayed endovascular reperfusion therapy without improvement in clinical outcomes; Purpose Advanced neuroimaging techniques may improve patient selection for endovascular stroke treatment but may also delay time to reperfusion. We studied the effect of advanced modality imaging with CT perfusion (CTP) or MRI compared with non-contrast CT (NCT) in a multicenter cohort. Materials and methods This is a retrospective study of 10 stroke centers who select patients for endovascular treatment using institutional protocols. Approval was obtained from each institution's review board as only de-identified information was used. We collected demographic and radiographic data, selected time intervals, and outcome data. ANOVA was used to compare the groups (NCT vs CTP vs MRI). Binary logistic regression analysis was performed to determine factors associated with a good clinical outcome. Results 556 patients were analyzed. Mean age was 66 +/- 15 years and median National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score was 18 (IQR 14-22). NCT was used in 286 (51%) patients, CTP in 190 (34%) patients, and MRI in 80 (14%) patients. NCT patients had significantly lower median times to groin puncture (61 min, IOR (40-117)) compared with CTP (114 min, IQR (81-152)) or MRI (124 min, IQR (87-165)). There were no differences in clinical outcomes, hemorrhage rates, or final infarct volumes among the groups. Conclusions The current retrospective study shows that multimodal imaging may be associated with delays in treatment without reducing hemorrhage rates or improving clinical outcomes. This exploratory analysis suggests that prospective randomised studies are warranted to support the hypothesis that advanced modality imaging is superior to NCT in improving clinical outcomes.
Interhospital variation in reperfusion rates following endovascular treatment for acute ischemic stroke; Background Patients who have successful reperfusion following endovascular therapy for acute ischemic stroke have improved clinical outcomes. We sought to determine if the chance of successful reperfusion differs among hospitals, and if hospital site is an independent predictor of reperfusion. Methods Nine hospitals recruited patients in the Diffusion and Perfusion Imaging Evaluation for Understanding Stroke Evolution Study 2 (DEFUSE 2), a prospective cohort study of endovascular stroke treatment conducted between 2008 and 2011. Patients were included for analysis if they had a baseline Thrombolysis in Cerebral Infarction (TICI) score of 0 or 1. Successful reperfusion was defined as a TICI reperfusion score of 2b or 3 at completion of the procedure. Collaterals were assessed using the Collateral Flow Grading System and were dichotomized as poor (0-2) or good (3-4). The association between hospital site and successful reperfusion was first assessed in an unadjusted analysis and subsequently in a multivariate analysis that adjusted for predictors of successful reperfusion. Results 36 of 89 patients (40%) achieved successful reperfusion. The rate of reperfusion varied from 0% to 77% among hospitals in the univariate analysis (chi(2) p<0.001) but hospital site did not remain as an independent predictor of reperfusion in multivariate analysis (p=0.81) after adjustment for the presence of good collaterals (p<0.01) and use of the Merci retriever (p<0.05). Conclusions Reperfusion rates vary among hospitals, which may be related to differences in treatment protocols and patient characteristics. Additional studies are needed to identify all of the factors that underlie this variability as this could lead to strategies that reduce interhospital variability in reperfusion rates and improve clinical outcomes.
MicroRNA expression profiling in cancer from a bioinformatics prospective; A new type of noncoding short single-stranded RNA molecules, microRNA (miRNA), has recently emerged as one of the most important new classes of cellular regulators. Recent advances in miRNA research have provided evidence that aberrant expression of specific miRNAs is associated with a broad spectrum of human diseases, such as cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, psychological disorders and others. Global microRNAome profiling has demonstrated drastic changes in expression of multiple miRNAs in many common human cancers. miRNA expression signatures have been shown to provide a more accurate method of classifying cancer subtypes than transcriptome profiling of an entire set of known protein-coding genes. miRNA profiling also allows classification of different stages in tumor progression and can predict disease outcome in some cases. Further characterization of these abnormal miRNA expression signatures and identification of the most significant and informative aberrantly expressed miRNAs could lead to the development of tissue- and biofluid-specific diagnostic markers, as well as a new type of oligonucleotide-based therapeutics. As researchers continue to study miRNA expression in cancer and focus on most relevant miRNAs, the further advancement of miRNA-detection technologies and bioinformatics algorithms is critical for successful identification of the most informative diagnostics markers among the tissue-specific miRNAs.
DETERMINANTS OF DISEASE AND DISABILITY IN THE ELDERLY - THE ROTTERDAM ELDERLY STUDY; In this paper the Rotterdam Elderly Study is presented.  The aim of the study is to investigate determinants of disease occurrence and progression in the elderly.  In addition to contributing to our understanding of the etiology of geriatric illnesses, the study is expected to lead to specific recommendations for intervention.  The study focusses on causally related determinants of major diseases in the elderly.  Fields of interest for the Rotterdam Elderly Study are conditions which interfere the most with the quality of life for the elderly.  The aims of the Rotterdam Elderly Study are: (1) To investigate, by means of epidemiologic, clinical and basic research, the determinants of diseases in order to assess their etiologic significance. (2) To investigate potentially modifiable determinants in order to be able to develop preventive strategies by providing specific recommendations for intervention studies. The Rotterdam Elderly Study focusses on four primary areas of research:  neurogeriatric diseases, cardiovascular diseases, locomotor diseases and ophthalmologic diseases.  It is a prospective follow-up study, in which determinants of disease and determinants of progression of disease will be investigated in the total population of 55 years or over of the district of Ommoord in Rotterdam.  It is anticipated that about 10,000 people will participate in the study and they will be examined in the period of 1991 to 1995.
Metabolic consequences of polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder in women and the leading cause of anovulatory infertility. The prevalence of the syndrome ranges between 6 to 15% based on broader Rotterdam diagnostic criteria verses strict NIH diagnostic criteria. 1 The condition is characterized by a combination of ovulatory dysfunction, hyper-androgenism and the presence of polycystic ovaries. PCOS has been associated with multiple metabolic alterations and consequences including impaired glucose tolerance, insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, type II diabetes, dyslipidemia, metabolic syndrome, obesity and subclinical cardiovascular disease. It remains unclear however if these associations lead to an increased risk of clinically significant long-term cardiovascular disease. Large prospective studies to date have not detected significant differences in overall cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in PCOS. The phenotypical variability in PCOS has made researching each of these associations challenging as different aspects of the syndrome may be contributing, opposing or confounding factors. The ability to detect significant differences in long-term cardiovascular outcomes may also be due to the variable nature of the syndrome. In this review, we attempt to describe a summary of the current literature concerning the metabolic alterations and cardiovascular consequences of polycystic ovary syndrome.
The use of a bolus of intravenous heparin while initiating heparin therapy in anticoagulation following transient ischemic attack or stroke does not lead to increased morbidity or mortality; Intravenous heparin therapy is often used in patients presenting with transient ischemic attack (TIA) or stroke as either bridging therapy for anticoagulation with warfarin, or as primary therapy in suspected intracranial arterial dissection, crescendo TIAs, or suspected hypercoagulable states. We examined the use of a bolus of intravenous heparin at the start of anticoagulation during hospital admission for patients with TIA or stroke. A subgroup analysis of a prospective, single-blinded, randomized clinical trial was undertaken to examine the effect of providing an intravenous bolus of heparin prior to continuous intravenous maintenance heparin therapy. Pretreatment clinical factors were comparable between subgroups. Thirty-three patients received a bolus at initiation of therapy and 173 patients did not. Patients receiving a bolus had a significantly higher first activated partial thromboplastin time at 6 h after initiation of therapy than patients without bolus (87.6 +/- 36.3 versus 61.0 +/- 8.1 s). Patients receiving bolus achieved an initial activated partial thromboplastin time greater than the minimum threshold for the therapeutic range of anticoagulation (> 60 s) sooner than patients without bolus (9.6 +/- 7.3 versus 14.5 +/- 10.8 h), but did not have a significantly greater chance of achieving therapeutic range (60-90 s). The fraction of time during which anticoagulation was therapeutic was similar between patients receiving bolus or not. There was no significant difference between the number of supratherapeutic coagulation results, total dosage of intravenous heparin received, complications due to anticoagulation, nor the times required for discontinuation of heparin and discharge from hospital between subgroups. The use of an intravenous heparin bolus during initiation of anticoagulation for TIA or stroke does not appear to be associated with greater risks and can achieve a minimum therapeutic range faster than therapy without heparin bolus. (C) 2003 Lippincott Williams Wilkins.
Prevalence of Undiagnosed Atrial Fibrillation and of That Not Being Treated With Anticoagulant Drugs: the AFABE Study; Introduction and objectives: Atrial fibrillation constitutes a serious public health problem because it can lead to complications. Thus, the management of this arrhythmia must include not only its treatment, but antithrombotic therapy as well. The main goal is to determine the proportion of cases of undiagnosed atrial fibrillation and the proportion of patients not being treated with oral anticoagulants. Methods: A multicenter, population-based, retrospective, cross-sectional, observational study. In all, 1043 participants over 60 years of age were randomly selected to undergo an electrocardiogram in a prearranged appointment. Demographic data, CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc and HAS-BLED scores, international normalized ratio results, and reasons for not receiving oral anticoagulant therapy were recorded. Results: The overall prevalence of atrial fibrillation was 10.9% (95% confidence interval, 9.1%-12.8%), 20.1% of which had not been diagnosed previously. In the group with known atrial fibrillation, 23.5% of those with CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc >= 2 were not receiving oral anticoagulant therapy, and 47.9% had a HAS-BLED score >= 3. The odds ratio for not being treated with oral anticoagulation was 2.04 (95% confidence interval, 1.11-3.77) for women, 1.10 (95% confidence interval, 1.05-1.15) for more advanced age at diagnosis, and 8.61 (95% confidence interval 2.38-31.0) for a CHA2DS2-VASc score<2. Cognitive impairment (15.2%) was the main reason for not receiving oral anticoagulant therapy. Conclusions: The prevalence of previously undiagnosed atrial fibrillation in individuals over 60 years of age is 20.1%, and 23.5% of those who have been diagnosed receive no treatment with oral anticoagulants. (C) 2013 Sociedad Espanola de Cardiologia. Published by Elsevier Espana, S. L. All rights reserved.
Cardiac pacemaker lead extraction using conventional techniques: a single centre experience; Background: New methods of lead extraction using laser sheath devices are under evaluation but these techinques are not available in the majority of centres and have cost implications. Furthermore, in the absence of comparative randomised trials, registry experience with new devices must be judged against contemporary data using conventional methods. We report a single centre series of pacemaker lead extraction using conventional methods. Methods: Study Population: Attempted extraction of 165 leads during 95 procedures in 80 patients. Leads had been in place (dwell time) for a mean of 76 months (range 0.2-248.4 months). Indications for lead extraction: infection (41.1%), skin erosion (9.5%), advisory leads (12.6%), faulty leads (12.6%), other (24.2%). Extraction techniques: traction and/or locking stylets and dilator sheaths (89.7%), Byrd workstation (6.1%) and open thoracotomy (4.8%). Results: Complete removal was achieved for 143 leads (86.7%), partial removal in 12 leads (7.3%) and 10 (6.1%) could not be removed. A shorter lead dwell time was associated with extraction success in both univariate (p=0.0004) and multivariate analyses (p<0.0001). There was a trend for a higher rate of success in atrial rather than ventricular leads (93.2% v 80.9%, p=0.052). Active fixation, patient gender, age and indication for lead extraction had no bearing on outcome. Complications: There were no deaths. Major complications occurred in 3 patients (3.2%): pericardial tamponade (1), pulmonary embolus (1) and stroke (1). Significant bleeding (requiring blood transfusion) occurred in 11 procedures (12%). Conclusions: Cardiac lead extraction using conventional methods has a high success rate of 86.7%. Success was significantly related to a shorter lead dwell time. Further prospective randomised trials are needed to compare traditional techniques with laser extraction both in terms of clinical outcome and cost-effectiveness. (C) 2003 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Middle cerebral artery blood velocity, embolisation, and neurological outcome during carotid endarterectomy: A prospective comparison of the Javid and the Pruitt-Inahara shunts; Objectives: To investigate the in vivo haemodynamic performance and neurological outcome of two types of carotid shunt. Design: Randomised single surgeon study of consecutive symptomatic patients. Setting: 163 consecutive patients undergoing carotid endarterectomy for symptomatic carotid disease were randomised to the Javid or Pruitt shunt. Chief outcome measures: Middle cerebral artery velocity (MCAV), preoperatively, during clamping, during shunting and post-restoration of flow, embolic episodes, neurological outcome. Main results: The MCAV preoperatively, at carotid clamping, and postoperatively was the same for both groups (p>0.15). During shunting the MCAV was significantly lower in the Pruitt group, p<0.005. 59% of the Javid and 34% of the Pruitt shunts maintained MCAV at peroperative levels p<0.005, chi(2)=8.92. The Javid shunt produced significantly more emboli (73% of cases) at declamping than the Pruitt (41%), p<0.0002, chi(2)=14.7. Four Javid patients and one Pruitt had disabling thromboembolic strokes; overall thromboembolic stoke rate 3.7%. The difference in stroke rates was not statistically significant (p=0.14). Conclusions: The Pruitt shunt was unable to maintain preoperative MCAV in 66% of cases, the Javid shunt had a higher incidence of emboli of declamping. These factors may lead to an increased risk of stroke; however, the numbers required for statistical confirmation would by large.
Lower likelihood of falling at age 90+is associated with daily exercise a quarter of a century earlier: <i>The 90</i>+ <i>Study</i>; Objective: to explore the relationship between risk of falling at age 90+ and prior physical activity at age 60-70s. Design: population-based cohort study (The 90+ Study). Setting: California retirement community. Participants: of 1596 cohort members, 1536 had both falls and prior activity data. Mean age = 94 years; 78% female; 99% Caucasian. Methods: time spent in active physical activity was self-reported in 1980s; medical history, medication, assistive devices, residence type, and falls (outcome) was collected in 2000s. Activity/fall relationships were assessed using logistic regression. Results: falls were reported by 52% of participants, recurrent falls by 32%, and severe injury by 21% of fallers. In univariate analyses risk of falling at age 90+ was significantly related to medical history (heart disease, TIA/stroke, arthritis, vision disease, depression, dementia), medication use (hypnotics, anti-psychotics, anti-depressants), use of assistive devices (cane, walker, wheelchair), residence type (living with relatives, sheltered living), and source of information (self-report vs informant). Risks of falling and recurrent falls at age 90+ were 35-45% lower in those reporting 30+ minutes/day of active physical activity at age 60-70s compared with no activity. The odds ratio of falling was 0.65 (95% CI = 0.44-0.97) for 30-45 minutes/day and 0.64 (0.44-0.94) for 1+ hour/day adjusting for age, sex, medical history (stroke/TIA, vision disease, depression), use of assistive devices, and source of information. Conclusions and Relevance: falls are extremely common among the oldest-old and a significant proportion lead to severe injury. This work is the first to show an association between exercise at age 60-70s and lower risk of falling at age 90+.
Serum and dietary magnesium and the risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus -: <i>The atherosclerosis risk in communities study</i>; Background: Experimental studies in animals and cross-sectional studies in humans have suggested that low serum magnesium levels might lead to type 2 diabetes; however, this association has not been examined prospectively. Methods: We assessed the risk for type 2 diabetes associated with low serum magnesium level and low dietary magnesium intake in a cohort of nondiabetic middle-aged adults (N = 12128) from the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study during 6 years of follow-up. Fasting serum magnesium level, categorized into 6 levels, and dietary magnesium intake, categorized into quartiles, were measured at the baseline examination. Incident type 2 diabetes was defined by self-report of physician diagnosis, use of diabetic medication, fasting glucose level of at least 7.0 mmol/L (126 mg/dL), or nonfasting glucose level of at least 11.1 mmol/L (200 mg/dL). Results: Among white participants, a graded inverse relationship between serum magnesium levels and incident type 2 diabetes was observed. From the highest to the lowest serum magnesium levels, there was an approximate 2-fold increase in incidence rate (11.1, 12.2, 13.6, 12.8, 15.8, and 22.8 per 1000 person-years; P = .001). This graded association remained significant after simultaneous adjustment for potential confounders, including diuretic use. Compared with individuals with serum magnesium levels of 0.95 mmol/L (1.90 mEq/L) or greater, the adjusted relative odds of incident type 2 diabetes rose progressively across the following lower magnesium categories: 1.13 (95% CI, 0.79-1.61), 1.20 (95% CI, 0.86-1.68), 1.11 (95% CI, 0.80-1.56), 1.24 (95% CI, 0.86-1.78), and 1.76 (95% CI, 1.18-2.61) (for trend, P = .01) In contrast, little or no association was observed in black participants. No association was detected between dietary magnesium intake and the risk for incident type 2 diabetes in black or white participants. Conclusions: Among white participants, low serum magnesium level is a strong, independent predictor of incident type 2 diabetes. That low dietary magnesium intake does not confer risk for type 2 diabetes implies that compartmentalization and renal handling of magnesium may be important in the relationship between low serum magnesium levels and the risk for type 2 diabetes.
Electrocardiographic and enzymatic correlations with outcome in neonates with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy; Background: Perinatal asphyxia leading to hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) is a common problem causing multi organ dysfunction including myocardial involvement which can affect the outcome. Objective: To evaluate the myocardial dysfunction in neonates having HIE by electrocardiographic(ECG) and cardiac enzymes (CK Total, CK-MB and Troponin I) and find out the relationship with HIE and outcome. Design/Methods: This was a hospital based prospective study. Sixty term neonates who had suffered perinatal asphyxia and developed HIE were enrolled. Myocardial involvement was assessed by clinical, ECG, and CK Total, CK-MB and Troponin I measurements. Results: Of 60 cases, 13(21.7%) were in mild, 27(45%) in moderate and 20(33.3%) belonged to severe, HIE. ECG was abnormal in 46 (76.7%); of these 19 (41.3%) had grade I, 13 (28.2%) grades II and III each and 1 (2.1%) with grade IV changes. Serum levels of CK Total, CK-MB and Troponin I were raised in 54 (90%), 52 (86.6%) and 48 (80%) neonates, respectively. ECG changes and enzymatic levels showed increasing abnormalities with severity of HIE, and the differences among different grades were significant (p = 0.002, 0.02, <0.001 and 0.004, respectively). Nineteen (32%) cases died during hospital stay. The non- survivors had high proportion of abnormal ECG (p = 0.024), raised levels of CK-MB (p = 0.018) and Troponin I (p = 0.008) in comparison to survivors. Conclusions: Abnormal ECG and cardiac enzymes levels are found in HIE and can lead to poor outcome due to myocardial damage Early detection can help in better management and survival of these neonates.
Comparison of lorazepam alone vs lorazepam, morphine, and perphenazine for cardiac premedication; Purpose: To compare the effects of two premedication regimens on cardiorespiratory variables, sedation, and anxiety in patients scheduled for coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. Methods: This was a prospective randomized, double-blind clinical trial. Sixty-eight patients were monitored for 1.5 hr before and 2.0 hr after premedication with lorazepam (0.03 mg . kg(-1) sl), morphine (0.15 mg . kg(-1) im), and perphenazine (0.05 mg . kg(-1) im) [Group 1], or with lorazepam (0.03 mg . kg(-1) sl) and saline (1.5 ml im) [Group 2]. All were continuously monitored with a 12-lead ECGST monitors, respiratory inductive plethysmography RIP), digital pulse oximetry, intra-arterial blood pressure, and arterial blood gas analysis. Sedation and anxiety scores were also recorded. Results: The incidence and duration of myocardial ischaemia was low and similar in Groups 1 and 2. Patients in Group 1, but not in Group 2, had a greater number of events (P < 0.04) and duration (P < 0.02) of O-2 desaturation; higher PaCO2 (P < 0.001), and more haemodynamic events (P < 0.006) after premedication when compared with baseline. There was no difference in RIP or ECG variables between the two groups. Following premedication, both groups reported reduced anxiety scores and elevated sedation scores (P < 0.01), with sedation greater in Group 1 than in Group 2 (P < 0.01). Conclusion: In CABG patients, premedication with lorazepam provides adequate anxiolysis and sedation, and the addition of morphine and perphenazine results in elevated PaCO2, arterial haemoglobin desaturation and potentially adverse haemodynamic changes.
Metallothionein <i>MT2A</i> A-5G Polymorphism as a Risk Factor for Chronic Kidney Disease and Diabetes: Cross-Sectional and Cohort Studies; Metallothioneins (MTs) are proteins that protect cells from toxic agents such as heavy metal ions or reactive oxygen species. MT2A A-5G is a single nucleotide polymorphism in the promoter region of the MT2A gene, and the minor G allele results in lower transcription efficiency. We aimed to elucidate associations between MT2A A-5G and risks of 2 diseases potentially related to lowered MT expression, chronic kidney disease (CKD), and diabetes mellitus (DM), in a community-dwelling population. Study subjects were Nagoya city residents participating in the Japan Multi-Institutional Collaborative Cohort Study (J-MICC) Daiko Study, comprised 749 men and 2,025 women, aged 39-75 years. CKD (>stage 3) and DM were defined by standard guidelines. Associations were evaluated using logistic regression models with adjustments for age, sex and potential confounders in a cross-sectional study, and verified in a 5-year longitudinal study. Odds ratios (OR [95% confidence interval]) were calculated relative to the AA genotype. Serum MT (I+II), Cd and zinc levels were also determined by genotype. The OR of the GG genotype for CKD risk was 3.98 (1.50, 10.58) in the cross-sectional study and 5.17 (1.39, 19.28) in the longitudinal study. The OR of the GA genotype for DM was 1.86 (1.26, 2.75) in the cross-sectional study and 2.03 (1.19, 3.46) in the longitudinal study. MT2A A-5G may be associated with CKD and DM risks. This polymorphism is a promising target for evaluations of CKD and DM risks with possible involvement of lowdose chronic exposure to environmental pollutants.
Sugar-sweetened soda consumption, hyperuricemia, and kidney disease; The metabolism of high-fructose corn syrup used to sweeten soda drinks may lead to elevations in uric acid levels. Here we determined whether soda drinking is associated with hyperuricemia and, as a potential consequence, reduced kidney function. At baseline, 15,745 patients in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study completed a dietary questionnaire and had measurements of their serum creatinine and uric acid. After 3 and 9 years of follow-up, multivariate odds ratios from logistic regressions for binary outcome of hyperuricemia and chronic kidney disease (eGFR less than 60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2)) were evaluated. Compared to participants who drank less, consumption of over one soda per day was associated with increased odds of prevalent hyperuricemia and chronic kidney disease. The odds ratio for chronic kidney disease significantly increased to 2.59 among participants who drank more than one soda per day and had a serum uric acid level over 9.0 mg/dl. In longitudinal analyses, however, drinking more than one soda per day was not associated with hyperuricemia or chronic kidney disease. Neither preexistent hyperuricemia nor development of hyperuricemia modified the lack of association between soda drinking and incident chronic kidney disease. Thus our study shows that high consumption of sugar-sweetened soda was associated with prevalent but not incident hyperuricemia and chronic kidney disease. Kidney International (2010) 77, 609-616; doi: 10.1038/ki.2009.500; published online 23 December 2009
Anosognosia for hemiplegia: a clinical-anatomical prospective study; Anosognosia for hemiplegia is a common and striking disorder following stroke. Because it is typically transient and variable, it remains poorly understood and has rarely been investigated at different times in a systematic manner. Our study evaluated a prospective cohort of 58 patients with right-hemisphere stroke and significant motor deficit of the left hemibody, who were examined using a comprehensive neuropsychological battery at 3 days (hyperacute), 1 week (subacute) and 6 months (chronic) after stroke onset. Anosognosia for hemiplegia was frequent in the hyperacute phase (32%), but reduced by almost half 1 week later (18%) and only rarely seen at 6 months (5%). Anosognosia for hemiplegia was correlated with the severity of several other deficits, most notably losses in proprioception, extrapersonal spatial neglect and disorientation. While multiple regression analyses highlighted proprioceptive loss as the most determinant factor for the hyperacute period, and visuospatial neglect and disorientation as more determinant for the subacute phase, patients with both proprioceptive loss and neglect had significantly higher incidence of anosognosia for hemiplegia than those with only one deficit or no deficits (although a few double dissociations were observed). Personal neglect and frontal lobe tests showed no significant relation with anosognosia for hemiplegia, nor did psychological traits such as optimism and mood. Moreover, anosognosia for neglect and prediction of performance in non-motor tasks were unrelated to anosognosia for hemiplegia, suggesting distinct monitoring mechanisms for each of these domains. Finally, by using a voxel-based statistical mapping method to identify lesions associated with a greater severity of anosognosia, we found that damage to the insula (particularly its anterior part) and adjacent subcortical structures was determinant for anosognosia for hemiplegia in the hyperacute period, while additional lesions in the premotor cortex, cingulate gyrus, parietotemporal junction and medial temporal structures (hippocampus and amygdala) were associated with the persistence of anosognosia for hemiplegia in the subacute phase. Taken together, these results suggest that anosognosia for hemiplegia is likely to reflect a multi-component disorder due to lesions affecting a distributed set of brain regions, which can lead to several co-existing deficits in sensation, attention, interoceptive bodily representations, motor programming, error monitoring, memory and even affective processing, possibly with different combinations in different patients.
Cognitive decline is associated with systemic oxidative stress:: The EVA study; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether systemic oxidative stress status is associated with cognitive decline. DESIGN: A longitudinal population-based study. SETTING: A cohort study of older subjects in Nantes, France. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 1166 high cognitive functioning subjects aged 60 to 70 in the Etude du Vieillissement Arteriel (EVA) cohort with a 4 year follow-up. MEASUREMENTS: Subjects completed a baseline interview and a global cognitive test (Mini-Mental Status Examination (MMSE)). Blood samples were obtained at baseline to determine plasma levels of selenium, carotenoids, thiobarbituric acid reactant substances (TBARS), an indicator of lipoperoxidation, and red blood cell vitamin E. Risk of cognitive decline, defined as a loss of 3 points in MMSE score between baseline and the 4 year follow-up, was assessed by oxidative stress level. RESULTS: Subjects with the highest levels of TEARS show an increased risk of cognitive decline (adjusted odds ratio (OR) = 2.25; confidence interval (CI) 95% = 1.26-4.02). This result is reinforced in the lower antioxidant status subgroup. Subjects with low levels of selenium have an increased risk of cognitive decline (OR = 1.58; CI 95% = 1.08-2.31) after adjustment for various confounding factors. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that increased levels of oxidative stress and/or antioxidant deficiencies may pose risk factors for cognitive decline. The direct implication of oxidative stress in vascular and neurodegenerative mechanisms that lead to cognitive impairment should be further explored.
Electrocardiographic Abnormalities in Disease,Free Black South Africans and Correlations With Echocardiographic Indexes and Early Repolarization; Electrocardiographic abnormalities, and specifically early repolarization (ER) patterns, are increasingly found to be common variants in healthy populations free of heart disease or risk factors. Data are sparse in subjects of African descent, for which no increase in adverse cardiovascular outcomes have been demonstrated. A database of healthy disease-free adult volunteers of sub-Saharan African descent had 12 lead electrocardiograms (ECGs) and transthoracic echocardiograms performed. Statistical tests were then performed on the data to elicit associations; 396 volunteers (63.1% women) with a mean age of 37.4 years met the inclusion and exclusion criteria. An abnormal ECG was identified in 50.5% of volunteers, largely because of underlying ST elevation at the J point (ER), left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) by voltage criteria, and T-wave inversion. Men were more likely to have abnormal ECGs (odds ratio [OR] 1.75; p <0.001), axes (OR 2.05; p = 0.023), display LVH by Sokolow-Lyon voltage criteria (OR 5.45; p <0.001), and have ER patterns (OR 11.61; p <0.001). Additionally, younger adults were also more likely to display LVH by voltage criteria and ER patterns. Volunteers with LVH by ECG had 5.7% higher LV mass indexes (p = 0.047). An abnormal ECG was not associated with a reduced left ventricular ejection fraction or diastolic dysfunction. ECG abnormalities, especially ER patterns, in black adults of Sub-Saharan descent are common, occurring in half of the normal adults. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
About the gut microbiome as a pharmacological target in atherosclerosis; The contribution of intestinal bacterial strains (gut microbiota) in the development of cardiometabolic disease is increasingly recognized as potential diagnostic and pharmacological target. Changes in the intestinal bacterial composition and subsequent altered diversity has been associated with presence of chronic low-grade inflammation of mesenteric visceral adipose tissue, a known feature of malign obesity which can eventually lead to insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus. However, causality still needs to be proven. In this regard, both fecal transplantation studies as well as multiethnic prospective cohorts can help to identify the causally involved driving intestinal bacterial strains in human cardiometabolism. Ultimately, it is expected that novel diagnostic markers as well as therapeutics (pharmabiotics and vaccine strategies) can be developed. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A randomized controlled trial of long term effect of BCM guided fluid management in MHD patients (BOCOMO study): rationales and study design; Background: Bioimpedance analysis (BIA) has been reported as helpful in identifying hypervolemia. Observation data showed that hypervolemic maintenance hemodialysis (MHD) patients identified using BIA methods have higher mortality risk. However, it is not known if BIA-guided fluid management can improve MHD patients' survival. The objectives of the BOCOMO study are to evaluate the outcome of BIA guided fluid management compared with standard care. Methods: This is a multicenter, prospective, randomized, controlled trial. More than 1300 participants from 16 clinical sites will be included in the study. The enrolment period will last 6 months, and minimum length of follow-up will be 36 months. MHD patients aged between 18 years and 80 years who have been on MHD for at least 3 months and meet eligibility criteria will be invited to participate in the study. Participants will be randomized to BIA arm or control arm in a 1: 1 ratio. A portable whole body bioimpedance spectroscopy device (BCM-Fresenius Medical Care D GmbH) will be used for BIA measurement at baseline for both arms of the study. In the BIA arm, additional BCM measurements will be performed every 2 months. The primary intent-to-treat analysis will compare outcomes for a composite endpoint of death, acute myocardial infarction, stroke or incident peripheral arterial occlusive disease between groups. Secondary endpoints will include left ventricular wall thickness, blood pressure, medications, and incidence and length of hospitalization. Discussions: Previous results regarding the benefit of strict fluid control are conflicting due to small sample sizes and unstable dry weight estimating methods. To our knowledge this is the first large-scale, multicentre, prospective, randomized controlled trial to assess whether BIS-guided volume management improves outcomes of MHD patients. The endpoints of the BOCOMO study are of utmost importance to health care providers. In order to obtain that aim, the study was designed with very careful important considerations related to the endpoints, sample size, inclusion criteria, exclusion criteria and so on. For example, annual mortality of Beijing MHD patients was around 10%. To reach statistical significance, the sample size will be very large. By using composite endpoint, the sample size becomes reasonable and feasible. Limiting inclusion to patients with urine volume less than 800 ml/day the day before dialysis session will limit confounding due to residual renal function effects on the measured parameters. Patients who had received BIS measurement within 3 months prior to enrolment are excluded as data from such measurements might lead to protocol violation. Although not all patients enrolled will be incident patients, we will record the vintage of dialysis in the multivariable analysis.
Relationships between Hemoglobin and Each Component of Metabolic Syndrome: A Special Focus on Elderly without Medication; Background: The relationships between higher hemoglobin (Hb) and the risk of higher metabolic syndrome (MetS) are important. However, most studies did not exclude individuals who were taking medications for MetS components, which would obviously lead to underestimations. At the same time, geriatric medicine is an important issue in our society. The aim of the present study is to determine the relationships between Hb and MetS components in the elderly, after excluding those individuals who were on medication for MetS. Methods: Individuals aged older than 65 years were randomly selected from a health center between 1999 and 2008. After excluding those with medications for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and/or diabetes, 3252 individuals were eventually included in the analysis. Results: The levels of Hb increased with the increasing percentage of MetS. In multivariate analysis, both fasting plasma glucose and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol fail to show significance in both sexes. In addition, in men systolic blood pressure (BP) is not correlated with Hb. The odds ratio is 1.915 in men and 2.088 inwomenwhen the highest Hb group is compared with the lowest Hb group (p < 0.001 in both sexes). Conclusion: Higher Hb was associated with increased chances of having MetS in elderly adults. The most important contributors are waist circumference, BP, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol for both men and women. Copyright (C) 2016, Taiwan Society of Geriatric Emergency & Critical Care Medicine. Published by Elsevier Taiwan LLC.
Inhibitory Effects of <i>Polygoni Multiflori Caulis</i> Extracts on Matrix Metalloproteinase Activities; Matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) play an essential role in development and tissue remodeling of living organisms. However, the overexpression of MMPs has lead to a series of diseases, such as cancer, arthritis, and atherosclerosis; and inhibition of MMPs may have therapeutic benefits. The discovery of MMP inhibitors from herbal has become a prospective event. We showed that the extract of Polygoni multiflori caulis from ethyl acetate or water (ethyl acetate extract and water extract) can inhibit the activities of MMPs 9, 14, and 16 in a dose-dependent manner and n-butyl alcohol extract of it can also inhibit these MMPs. Furthermore, we found that n-butyl alcohol extract and water extract of it influence the cell viability. These discoveries may contribute to the development of MMP inhibitors for the therapy of a variety of pathological conditions.
Valproate-Associated Coagulopathies in Children During Short-Term Treatment; Valproic acid is one of the most frequently prescribed antiepileptic drugs for the therapy of generalized and focal epilepsies. Valproate induces a variety of hemostatic disorders such as thrombocytopenia, abnormal platelet function, hypofibrinogenemia, and decreased concentrations of von Willebrand factor, and it rarely causes serious bleeding complications. It may also lead to atherosclerosis and thrombosis. However, there is still lack of knowledge about the incidence and occurrence of these particular side effects. In this prospective systematic study, we assessed the early effects of sodium valproate on both pro- and anticoagulatory factors, homocysteine, and lipoprotein (a) in 24 newly diagnosed epileptic children treated with valproate. Valproate causes decreased factor VII levels, platelet count, factor VIII, Protein C, fibrinogen, and increased lipoprotein (a) levels. To the best of our knowledge, our report is the first in the medical literature, which describes that valproate significantly reduces factor VII levels even during short-term therapy.
Homocysteine as a Risk Factor for Cardiovascular Disease in Patients Treated by Dialysis: A Meta-analysis; Background: In the general population, increased homocysteine concentrations are a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and mortality. However, it is not known whether this also applies to patients with end-stage renal disease. Study Design: Meta-analysis of retrospective (11 studies including 1,506 individuals), prospective observational studies (12 studies including 1,975 individuals), and intervention trials (5 studies including 1,642 dialysis patients). Analyses were carried out separately, according to the study design. Setting & Population: Studies of patients with end-stage renal disease treated by means of hemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis. Selection Criteria for Studies: Studies investigating the association between total homocysteine level and cardiovascular disease or total mortality or the influence of vitamin supplementation on cardiovascular or mortality risk. Intervention: In intervention studies, vitamin preparations with folic acid alone or in combination with other vitamins, such as vitamin B-12 and B-6, were used. Outcomes: In retrospective studies, cases are patients with cardiovascular diseases. Outcomes for prospective observational and intervention studies are cardiovascular events and total mortality. Results: In retrospective studies, there was no significant overall difference in homocysteine concentrations between cases and controls (weighted mean difference in homocysteine, 2.82 mu mol/L; 95% confidence interval [CI], -2.22 to 7.86; P = 0.3). The pooled overall risk estimate for prospective observational studies suggests no association between homocysteine level (5-mu mol/L increase) and total mortality (hazard ratio [HR], 1.02; 95% Cl, 0.93 to 1.12; P = 0.7), but there was an association with cardiovascular events (HR, 1.09; 95% Cl, 1.03 to 1.14; P = 0.001). in subgroup analysis of patients not receiving vitamins, an increase in homocysteine level was associated with increased mortality (HR, 1.07; 95% Cl, 1.02 to 1.13; P = 0.01). For intervention trials with B vitamins, there was a significant risk reduction for cardiovascular disease (relative risk, 0.73; 95% Cl, 0.56 to 0.94; P = 0.02), but no risk reduction for total mortality or the composite end point including total mortality (relative risk, 1.01; 95% Cl, 0.88 to 1.15; P = 0.9). Limitations: Many studies are small, which may lead to the observed heterogeneity. Some intervention trials are neither placebo controlled nor randomized. Separate analyses for specific end points and patients treated by means of hemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis were not possible. Conclusion: Total homocysteine level may be a risk factor for cardiovascular events and total mortality in patients with end-stage renal disease not receiving vitamin supplementation or folic acid food fortification. There may be a potential for reducing cardiovascular disease in this population by folic acid supplementation. Am J Kidney Dis 54:478-489. (C) 2009 by the National Kidney Foundation, Inc.
The preventing recurrent vascular events and neurological worsening through intensive organized case-management (PREVENTION) trial protocol [clinicaltrials.gov identifier: NCT00931788]; Background: Survivors of transient ischemic attack (TIA) or stroke are at high risk for recurrent vascular events and aggressive treatment of vascular risk factors can reduce this risk. However, vascular risk factors, especially hypertension and high cholesterol, are not managed optimally even in those patients seen in specialized clinics. This gap between the evidence for secondary prevention of stroke and the clinical reality leads to suboptimal patient outcomes. In this study, we will be testing a pharmacist case manager for delivery of stroke prevention services. We hypothesize this new structure will improve processes of care which in turn should lead to improved outcomes. Methods: We will conduct a prospective, randomized, controlled open-label with blinded ascertainment of outcomes (PROBE) trial. Treatment allocation will be concealed from the study personnel, and all outcomes will be collected in an independent and blinded manner by observers who have not been involved in the patient's clinical care or trial participation and who are masked to baseline measurements. Patients will be randomized to control or a pharmacist case manager treating vascular risk factors to guideline-recommended target levels. Eligible patients will include all adult patients seen at stroke prevention clinics in Edmonton, Alberta after an ischemic stroke or TIA who have uncontrolled hypertension (defined as systolic blood pressure (BP) > 140 mm Hg) or dyslipidemia (fasting LDL-cholesterol > 2.00 mmol/L) and who are not cognitively impaired or institutionalized. The primary outcome will be the proportion of subjects who attain 'optimal BP and lipid control'(defined as systolic BP < 140 mm Hg and fasting LDL cholesterol < 2.0 mmol/L) at six months compared to baseline; 12-month data will also be collected for analyses of sustainability of any effects. A variety of secondary outcomes related to vascular risk and health-related quality of life will also be collected. Conclusions: Nearly one-quarter of those who survive a TIA or minor stroke suffer another vascular event within a year. If our intervention improves the provision of secondary prevention therapies in these patients, the clinical (and financial) implications will be enormous.
Prevalence of Cardiac Risk Factors in Ischemic Stroke in a University Medical Center in Tehran; Background: The relative importance of different risk factors of stroke may vary between various etiologies and countries. We sought to describe the cardiac risk factors of ischemic cerebral infarction in a university hospital in Tehran, Iran. Methods: This prospective, observational study was carried out on 58 consecutive patients admitted to the neurology ward of Baharloo Hospital in Tehran, Iran, with a diagnosis of established ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack. Data regarding each patient's demographic profile, clinical presentation, medical history (emphasis on risk factors), results of brain imaging, biochemical profile, and other diagnostic tests were recorded in a structured form. Diagnostic neurological studies comprised computed tomography scan of the head and brain, brain magnetic resonance imaging in selected patients, and Doppler ultrasonography of carotid arteries. Cardiologic studies consisted of standard 12-lead ECG, 24-hour Holter monitoring, and 2D transesophageal echocardiography (TEE) obtained over a 7-day period after the onset of symptoms. The recorded data were statistically analyzed for the percentage, mean, and standard deviation of all the variables. SPSS, version 22.0, for Windows was used for all the statistical analyses. Results: Atrial fibrillation was evident in respectively 6.9% and 15.5% of the ECGs and Holter monitoring cardiograms. The echocardiographic findings of our studied subjects are depicted in detail in Table 2. The most prevalent finding was aortic valve stenosis or calcification in 70.7% of the subjects, followed by aortic arch wall calcification in 55.2%. Patent foramen ovale was observed on the TEE of 14 (24.1%) patients, and 3 patients had mitral annulus calcification. Three patients had rheumatic heart disease. Echocardiography demonstrated simple and severe aortic arch atheroma in 30 (51.7%) and 11 (19.0%) subjects, respectively. Mean left ventricular ejection fraction was 52.67 (SD=5.63) among our participants; 9 (15.5%) of them had impaired left ventricular function (ejection fraction <50%). Mean left atrial appendage flow velocity was 65.77 (SD=25.12), and 17 (29.3%) subjects had left atrial appendage flow velocity <55 cm/sec. Conclusions: Different cardiac abnormalities were seen among stroke cases of unidentified causes. Because relatively high abnormalities were detected in these patients, the role of immediate cardiologic studies-especially echocardiography and Holter monitoring-in first-time stroke patients should be emphasized.
Access Site Practice and Procedural Outcomes in Relation to Clinical Presentation in 439,947 Patients Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention in the United Kingdom; OBJECTIVES This study sought to determine the relationships among access site practice, clinical presentation, and procedural outcomes in a large patient population. BACKGROUND Transradial access (TRA) has been associated with improved patient outcomes in selected populations in randomized trials. It is unclear whether these outcomes are achievable in clinical practice. METHODS Using the BCIS (British Cardiovascular Intervention Society) database, we investigated outcomes for percutaneous coronary intervention procedures undertaken between 2007 and 2012 according to access site practice. Patients were categorized as stable, non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome (NSTEACS) and ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome (STEACS). The impact of access site on 30-day mortality, major adverse cardiac events, bleeding, and arterial access site complications was studied. RESULTS Data from 210,260 TRA and 229,687 transfemoral access procedures were analyzed. Following multivariate analysis, TRA was independently associated with a reduction in bleeding in all presenting syndromes (stable odds ratio [OR]: 0.24, p < 0.001; NSTEACS OR: 0.35, p < 0.001; STEACS OR: 0.47, p < 0.001) as well as access site complications (stable OR: 0.21, p < 0.001; NSTEACS OR: 0.19; STEACS OR: 0.16, p < 0.001). TRA was associated with reduced major adverse cardiac events only in patients with unstable syndromes (stable OR: 1.08, p = 0.25; NSTEACS OR: 0.72, p < 0.001; STEACS OR: 0.70, p < 0.001). TRA was associated with improved outcomes compared with a transfemoral access (TFA) with a vascular closure device in a propensity matched cohort. CONCLUSIONS In this large study, TRA is associated with reduced percutaneous coronary intervention-related complications in all patient groups and may reduce major adverse cardiac events and mortality in ACS patients. TRA is superior to transfemoral access with closure devices. Use of TRA may lead to important patient benefits in routine practice. TRA should be considered the preferred access site for percutaneous coronary intervention. (C) 2015 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Detection of cerebrovascular disease in patients with sickle cell disease using transcranial Doppler sonography: Correlation with MRI, MRA and conventional angiography; A prospective study of 58 patients with sickle cell disease (SCD) by transcranial Doppler sonography (TCD) included both MRI and MRA in patients over 7 years of age and those with abnormal TCD. Arteriography was performed in cases where a stenosis was suspected on TCD. Middle cerebral artery (MCA) and basilar artery (BA) velocities were significantly higher in the sickle cell hemoglobin SS group than in the hemoglobin SC group. Patients with a MCA mean velocity of over 1.90 m/s had stenoses found by arteriography. Patients with unilaterally undetectable MCA flow had experienced a stroke and MCA thrombosis was confirmed at MRA and arteriography. We concluded that TCD is valuable in detecting arterial stenosis in SCD and will lead to consideration of these patients for intensive therapy, such as bone marrow transplantation (BMT) or transfusion regimes.
Modified ultrafiltration versus conventional ultrafiltration: A randomized prospective study in neonatal piglets; Cardiopulmonary bypass in neonates generates large increases in inflammatory mediators, causing edema formation that may lead to multiple organ dysfunction. Clinical strategies aimed at removing inflammatory mediators, reducing edema formation, and improving organ function include conventional and modified ultrafiltration, Objective: This study examines the effectiveness of conventional and modified ultrafiltration in preventing weight gain, myocardial edema formation, and left ventricular dysfunction in neonatal piglets undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass. Methods: In this randomized prospective study, 18 1-week-old piglets were supported with cardiopulmonary bypass at 100 ml kg(-1).min(-1), cooled to 25 degrees C, exposed to 75 minutes of cardioplegic arrest, rewarmed to 37 degrees C, and weaned from bypass, Left ventricular myocardial contractility was assessed by the preload-recruitable stroke work method, with the use of a sonomicrometric two-dimensional cylindrical model, before bypass and at 10, 60, and 120 minutes after separation from bypass. Results: Total body weight gain was significantly less in the modified ultrafiltration group than in either the conventional ultrafiltration group or the control group (no filtration). Myocardial wet/dry ratios were also improved with modified ultrafiltration, but not with conventional ultrafiltration, when compared with no filtration (control group). Hemodynamically, modified ultrafiltration was superior to conventional ultrafiltration and no filtration (control) in raising the mean arterial pressure and increasing the left ventricular preload-recruitable stroke work after bypass. Conclusion: Modified ultrafiltration is superior to conventional ultrafiltration and no filtration in reducing the total body weight gain, lessening myocardial edema, raising mean arterial pressure, and improving left ventricular contractility in neonatal piglets undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass and cardioplegic arrest.
Atrial Fibrillation Screening in Nonmetropolitan Areas Using a Telehealth Surveillance System With an Embedded Cloud-Computing Algorithm: Prospective Pilot Study; Background: Atrial fibrillation (AF) is a common form of arrhythmia that is associated with increased risk of stroke and mortality. Detecting AF before the first complication occurs is a recognized priority. No previous studies have examined the feasibility of undertaking AF screening using a telehealth surveillance system with an embedded cloud-computing algorithm; we address this issue in this study. Objective: The objective of this study was to evaluate the feasibility of AF screening in nonmetropolitan areas using a telehealth surveillance system with an embedded cloud-computing algorithm. Methods: We conducted a prospective AF screening study in a nonmetropolitan area using a single-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) recorder. All ECG measurements were reviewed on the telehealth surveillance system and interpreted by the cloud-computing algorithm and a cardiologist. The process of AF screening was evaluated with a satisfaction questionnaire. Results: Between March 11, 2016 and August 31, 2016, 967 ECGs were recorded from 922 residents in nonmetropolitan areas. A total of 22 (2.4%, 22/922) residents with AF were identified by the physician's ECG interpretation, and only 0.2% (2/967) of ECGs contained significant artifacts. The novel cloud-computing algorithm for AF detection had a sensitivity of 95.5% (95% CI 77.2%-99.9%) and specificity of 97.7% (95% CI 96.5%-98.5%). The overall satisfaction score for the process of AF screening was 92.1%. Conclusions: AF screening in nonmetropolitan areas using a telehealth surveillance system with an embedded cloud-computing algorithm is feasible.
The Interrelationship Between Preoperative Anemia and N-Terminal Pro-B-Type Natriuretic Peptide: The Effect on Predicting Postoperative Cardiac Outcome in Vascular Surgery Patients; INTRODUCTION: N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) predicts adverse cardiac outcome in patients undergoing vascular surgery. However, several conditions might influence this prognostic value, including anemia. In this study, we evaluated whether anemia confounds the prognostic value of NT-proBNP for predicting cardiac events in patients undergoing vascular surgery. METHODS: A detailed cardiac history, resting echocardiography, and hemoglobin and NT-proBNP levels were obtained in 666 patients before vascular surgery. Anemia was defined as serum hemoglobin <13 g/dL for men and <12 g/dL for women. Troponin T measurements and 12-lead electrocardiograms were performed on postoperative days 1, 3, 7, and 30 and whenever clinically indicated. The primary end point of the study was the composite of 30-day postoperative cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, and troponin T release. Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis was used to assess the optimal cutoff value of NT-proBNP for the prediction of the composite end point. Multivariable regression analysis was used to assess the additional value of NT-proBNP for the prediction of postoperative cardiac events in nonanemic and anemic patients. RESULTS: Anemia was present in 206 patients (31%) before surgery. Hemoglobin level was inversely related with the NT-proBNP levels (beta coefficient = -2.242; P = 0.025). The optimal predictive cutoff value of NT-proBNP for predicting the composite cardiovascular outcome was 350 pg/mL. After adjustment for clinical cardiac risk factors, both anemia (odds ratio [OR] 1.53; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.07-2.99) and increased levels of NT-proBNP (OR 4.09; 95% CI: 2.19-7.64) remained independent predictors for postoperative cardiac events. However, increased levels of NT-proBNP were not predictive for the risk of adverse cardiac events in the subgroup of anemic patients (OR 2.16; 95% CI: 0.90-5.21). CONCLUSIONS: Both anemia and NT-proBNP are independently associated with an increased risk for postoperative cardiac events in patients undergoing vascular surgery. NT-proBNP has less predictive value in anemic patients. (Anesth Analg 2009;109:1403-8)
The prevalence, incidence, management and risks of atrial fibrillation in an elderly Chinese population: a prospective study; Background: There is limited information on prevalent and incident atrial fibrillation in Chinese. We aimed to investigate the prevalence, incidence, management and risks of atrial fibrillation in an elderly Chinese population. Methods: In a population-based prospective study in elderly (>= 60 years) Chinese, we performed cardiovascular health examinations including a 12-lead electrocardiogram at baseline in 3,922 participants and biennially during follow-up in 2,017 participants. We collected information on vital status during the whole follow-up period. Results: The baseline prevalence of atrial fibrillation was 2.0 % (n = 34) in 1718 men and 1.6 % (n = 36) in 2204 women. During a median 3.8 years of follow-up, the incidence rate of atrial fibrillation (n = 34) was 4.9 per 1000 person-years (95 % confidence interval [CI], 3.4-6.9). In univariate analysis, both the prevalence and incidence of atrial fibrillation were higher with age advancing (P < 0.0001) and in the presence of coronary heart disease (P <= 0.02). Of the 104 prevalent and incident cases of atrial fibrillation, only 1 (1.0 %) received anticoagulant therapy (warfarin). These patients with atrial fibrillation, compared with those with sinus rhythm, had significantly higher risks of all-cause (n = 261, hazard ratio [HR] 1.87, 95 % CI, 1.09-3.20, P = 0.02), cardiovascular (n = 136, HR 3.78, 95 % CI 2.17-6.58, P < 0.0001) and stroke mortality (n = 44, HR 6.31, 95 % CI 2.81-14.19, P = 0.0003). Conclusions: Atrial fibrillation was relatively frequent in elderly Chinese, poorly managed and associated with higher risks of mortality.
Preoperative left atrial dysfunction and risk of postoperative atrial fibrillation complicating thoracic surgery; Objective: Postoperative atrial fibrillation complicating general thoracic surgery increases morbidity and stroke risk. We aimed to determine whether preoperative atrial dysfunction or other echocardiographic markers are associated with postoperative atrial fibrillation. Methods: In 191 patients who had undergone anatomic lung or esophageal resection, preoperative clinical and echocardiographic data were compared between patients with and without postoperative atrial fibrillation. Presence of postoperative atrial fibrillation lasting more than 5 minutes during hospitalization was detected using continuous telemetry or 12-lead electrocardiography. Maximal left atrial volume and indices of left atrial function were assessed. Results: Patients with postoperative atrial fibrillation (33/191, 17%) were older (71 +/- 5 years vs 64 +/- 12 years, P < .0001), were taking beta-blockers more often, had greater left atrial volume, had decreased left atrial emptying fraction, and had lower E' and A' septal velocities compared with patients without postoperative atrial fibrillation. The incidence of postoperative atrial fibrillation in patients with left atrial volume 32 mL/m(2) or greater was 37% (11/30) and greater than in those with left atrial volume less than 32 mL/m(2) (14%, 22/160, P = .002). Length of hospital stay was significantly increased in patients with postoperative atrial fibrillation compared with patients without (P = .04). Older age was significantly associated with greater beta-blocker use and left atrial volume and lower left atrial emptying fraction. On multivariate analysis, lower left atrial emptying fraction (odds ratio, 1.03 per unit decrement; 95% confidence interval, 1.002-1.065; P = .04) and preoperative use of beta-blockers (odds ratio, 2.82; 95% confidence interval, 1.18-6.77; P = .02) were the only independent risk factors associated with postoperative atrial fibrillation. Conclusions: These data show that an echocardiogram before major thoracic surgery, increased use of preoperative b-blockers, and decreased left atrial emptying fraction were associated with postoperative atrial fibrillation. Echocardiographic predictors of left atrial mechanical dysfunction may prove clinically useful in risk stratifying patients in whom postoperative atrial fibrillation is more likely to develop and to benefit from prevention strategies aimed at mitigating atrial function before surgery. (J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg 2012;143:482-7)
T wave alternans as a predictor of recurrent ventricular tachyarrhythmias in ICD recipients: Prospective comparison with conventional risk markers; T Wave Alternans for Risk Stratification. Introduction: The current standard for arrhythmic risk stratification is electrophysiologic CEP) testing, which, due to its invasive nature, is limited to patients already known to be at high risk. A number of noninvasive tests, such as determination of left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) or heart rate variability, have been evaluated as additional risk stratifiers, Microvolt T wave alternans (TWA) is a promising new risk marker. Prospective evaluation of noninvasive risk markers in low- or moderate-risk populations requires studies involving very large numbers of patients, and in such studies, documentation of the occurrence of ventricular tachyarrhythmias is difficult. In the present study, we identified a high-risk population, recipients of an implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD), and prospectively compared microvolt TWA with invasive EP testing and other risk markers with respect to their ability to predict recurrence of ventricular tachyarrhythmias as documented by ICD electrograms. Methods and Results: Ninety-five patients with a history of ventricular tachyarrhythmias undergoing implantation of an ICD underwent EP testing, assessment of TWA, as well as determination of LVEF, baroreflex sensitivity, signal-averaged EGG, analysis of 24-hour Holter monitoring, and QT dispersion from the 12-lead surface EGG. The endpoint of the study was first appropriate ICD therapy for electrogram-documented ventricular fibrillation or tachycardia during follow-up. Kaplan-Meier survival analysis revealed that TWA (P < 0.006) and LVEF (P < 0.04) were the only significant univariate risk stratifiers, EP testing was not statistically significant (P < 0.2). Multivariate Cox regression analysis revealed that TWA was the only statistically significant independent risk factor, Conclusions: Measurement of microvolt TWA compared favorably with both invasive EP testing and other currently used noninvasive risk assessment methods in predicting recurrence of ventricular tachyarrhythmias in ICD recipients. This study suggests that TWA might also be a powerful tool for risk stratification in low- or moderate-risk patients, and needs to be prospectively evaluated in such populations.
Development and Validation of a Risk Score to Predict QT Interval Prolongation in Hospitalized Patients; Background Identifying hospitalized patients at risk for QT interval prolongation could lead to interventions to reduce the risk of torsades de pointes. Our objective was to develop and validate a risk score for QT prolongation in hospitalized patients. Methods and Results In this study, in a single tertiary care institution, consecutive patients (n=900) admitted to cardiac care units comprised the risk score development group. The score was then applied to 300 additional patients in a validation group. Corrected QT (QT(c)) interval prolongation (defined as QT(c)>500 ms or an increase of >60 ms from baseline) occurred in 274 (30.4%) and 90 (30.0%) patients in the development group and validation group, respectively. Independent predictors of QT(c) prolongation included the following: female (odds ratio, 1.5; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-2.0), diagnosis of myocardial infarction (2.4 [1.6-3.9]), septic shock (2.7 [1.5-4.8]), left ventricular dysfunction (2.7 [1.6-5.0]), administration of a QT-prolonging drug (2.8 [2.0-4.0]), 2 QT-prolonging drugs (2.6 [1.9-5.6]), or loop diuretic (1.4 [1.0-2.0]), age >68 years (1.3 [1.0-1.9]), serum K+ <3.5 mEq/L (2.1 [1.5-2.9]), and admitting QT(c) >450 ms (2.3; confidence interval [1.6-3.2]). Risk scores were developed by assigning points based on log odds ratios. Low-, moderate-, and high-risk ranges of 0 to 6, 7 to 10, and 11 to 21 points, respectively, best predicted QT(c) prolongation (C statistic=0.823). A high-risk score 11 was associated with sensitivity=0.74, specificity=0.77, positive predictive value=0.79, and negative predictive value=0.76. In the validation group, the incidences of QT(c) prolongation were 15% (low risk); 37% (moderate risk); and 73% (high risk). Conclusions A risk score using easily obtainable clinical variables predicts patients at highest risk for QT(c) interval prolongation and may be useful in guiding monitoring and treatment decisions.
Prehospital digital photography and automated image transmission in an emergency medical service - an ancillary retrospective analysis of a prospective controlled trial; Background: Still picture transmission was performed using a telemedicine system in an Emergency Medical Service (EMS) during a prospective, controlled trial. In this ancillary, retrospective study the quality and content of the transmitted pictures and the possible influences of this application on prehospital time requirements were investigated. Methods: A digital camera was used with a telemedicine system enabling encrypted audio and data transmission between an ambulance and a remotely located physician. By default, images were compressed (jpeg, 640 x 480 pixels). On occasion, this compression was deactivated (3648 x 2736 pixels). Two independent investigators assessed all transmitted pictures according to predefined criteria. In cases of different ratings, a third investigator had final decision competence. Patient characteristics and time intervals were extracted from the EMS protocol sheets and dispatch centre reports. Results: Overall 314 pictures (mean 2.77 +/- 2.42 picturesmission) were transmitted during 113 missions (group 1). Pictures were not taken for 151 missions (group 2). Regarding picture quality, the content of 240 (76.4%) pictures was clearly identifiable; 45 (14.3%) pictures were considered "limited quality" and 29 (9.2%) pictures were deemed "not useful" due to not/hardly identifiable content. For pictures with file compression (n = 84 missions) and without (n = 17 missions), the content was clearly identifiable in 74% and 97% of the pictures, respectively (p = 0.003). Medical reports (n = 98, 32.8%), medication lists (n = 49, 16.4%) and 12-lead ECGs (n = 28, 9.4%) were most frequently photographed. The patient characteristics of group 1 vs. 2 were as follows: median age - 72.5 vs. 56.5 years, p = 0.001; frequency of acute coronary syndrome - 24/113 vs. 15/151, p = 0.014. The NACA scores and gender distribution were comparable. Median on-scene times were longer with picture transmission (26 vs. 22 min, p = 0.011), but ambulance arrival to hospital arrival intervals did not differ significantly (35 vs. 33 min, p = 0.054). Conclusions: Picture transmission was used frequently and resulted in an acceptable picture quality, even with compressed files. In most cases, previously existing "paper data" was transmitted electronically. This application may offer an alternative to other modes of ECG transmission. Due to different patient characteristics no conclusions for a prolonged on-scene time can be drawn. Mobile picture transmission holds important opportunities for clinical handover procedures and teleconsultation.
Facilitation of Radial Artery Cannulation by Periradial Subcutaneous Administration of Nitroglycerin; PURPOSE: To determine whether subcutaneous administration of nitroglycerin mixed with local anesthetic agent results in effective vasodilation of the radial artery, and whether this technique improves access time and decreases complications. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This prospective study consisted of two consecutive investigations. In the first (n = 30), only local anesthetic agent (prilocaine 2%) was injected into one arm, and local anesthetic agent plus 500 mu g nitroglycerin was injected into the other arm. Radial artery diameters before and after injections were measured by ultrasonography. In the second, 33 patients received local anesthetic agent (prilocaine 2%) plus 500 mu g nitroglycerin (group A) and 30 received only local anesthetic agent (group B) to determine whether the addition of nitroglycerin would improve radial artery access time, duration of angiography, perception of arterial pulse (ie, pulse score), number of punctures before successful cannulation, and complication rates. RESULTS: In the first investigation, radial artery diameter increased significantly in the nitroglycerin-treated arm (2.3 mm +/- 0.4 vs 2.9 mm +/- 0.5; P = .05). In the second, there were no significant differences between groups with respect to age, sex, duration of angiography, and number of punctures before cannulation. However, the pulse score increased and radial artery access time improved significantly after addition of nitroglycerin (79% vs 10% [P < .001] and 75 sec +/- 47 vs 132 sec +/- 100 [P = .005], respectively). Radial artery spasm and thrombosis were less frequently observed in group A, albeit to an insignificant extent (P = .39 and P = .49, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Subcutaneous administration of nitroglycerin significantly increased radial artery diameter, which can lead to facilitation of catheterization of the radial artery for arteriography and interventions.
Troponin I concentrations of shed blood might influence monitoring of myocardial injury after coronary operations; In a prospective study we evaluated the concentration of cardiac troponin I (cTnI) and creatine kinase activities (CK) in shed mediastinal blood in the early postoperative period after coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). Forty seven patients who underwent first time elective CABG were studied. CTnI levels and CK activities in arterial blood and shed mediastinal blood were measured after admission to the intensive pare unit (ICU) and 6 h after unclamping the aorta. Mediastinal shed blood samples were drawn from 23 patients (group A) before the filter of the cardiotomy reservoir and from 24 patients (group B) behind. Additionally, both markers were measured in blood samples collected from the cell-saver. There were no significant differences between both groups (A and B) with regard to perioperative parameters. Mean loss of mediastinal shed blood in ail patients was 207 +/- 127 ml within the first 6 h after operation. There was a positive correlation between CK activities and cTnI concentrations in serum and mediastinal shed blood, but shed blood contained significantly higher concentrations of cTnI as well as CK activities than the circulating blood after admission to the ICU and 6 h after unclamping the aorta. At both time points the cTnI-concentrations and CK activities in shed blood in group B ware lower than those in group A but much higher than in serum. The effects of the use of a blood filter diminishes with time. Mediastinal shed blood contains extremely high cTnI concentrations and CK activities. Retransfusion of higher quantities of shed blood might lead to false-positive diagnosis of perioperative myocardial infarction. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Alcohol and coronary heart disease; The consumption of alcohol and its impact on health have been of great interest to researchers for many years, but remains complex for several reasons. First, with the exception of violent deaths attributable to intoxication, risks and benefits of alcohol consumption are likely to accrue over years or even decades. Second, quantitative assessment of drinking is generally based on self-report, and this may lead to some degree of misclassification. Third, drinking habits change over time, and thus, it may be important to update drinking habits periodically during any prospective study. Fourth, consumption of alcoholic beverages tends to be imbedded in cultural practices and associated with a number of lifestyle factors. For example, age, sex, race, smoking, ethnic background, and education are related to alcohol intake and may confound relationships with disease. Fifth, alcohol is derived from a number of different beverages whose other components may increase or decrease risk of disease aside from, or in addition to, the specific effect of ethanol. In addition, most studies tend to fake into account average daily intake, disregarding issues of how or wizen the alcoholic beverage was consumed. For example, southern Europeans tend to drink wine with meals, while northern Europeans tend to drink distilled spirits, often at times other than mealtime. The risks and benefits of alcohol consumption certainly seem to be quite different for an individual who consumes seven beers on a Saturday night compared with an individual who consumes a half of a glass of wine with lunch and dinner every day despite the obvious similarities in average weekly consumption. Finally, the precise mechanisms by which alcohol raises or lowers risks of various disease are only MOW beginning to be understood.
Changes in health for the uninsured after reaching age-eligibility for Medicare; BACKGROUND: Uninsured adults in late middle age are more likely to have a health decline than individuals with private insurance. OBJECTIVE: To determine how health and the risk of future adverse health outcomes changes after the uninsured gain Medicare. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study. PARTICIPANTS: Participants (N=3,419) in the Health and Retirement Study who transitioned from private insurance or being uninsured to having Medicare coverage at the 1996, 1998, 2000, or 2002 interview. MEASUREMENTS: We analyzed risk-adjusted changes in self-reported overall health and physical functioning during the transition period to Medicare (t(-2) to t(0)) and the following 2 years (t(0) to t(2)). RESULTS: Between the interview before age 65 (t(-2)) and the first interview after reaching age 65 (t(0)), previously uninsured individuals were more likely than those who had private insurance to have a major decline in overall health (adjusted relative risk [ARR] 1.46; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.03 to 2.04) and to develop a new physical difficulty affecting mobility (ARR 1.24; 95% CI 0.96 to 1.56) or agility (ARR 1.33; 95% CI 1.12 to 1.54). Rates of improvement were similar between the 2 groups. During the next 2 years (t(0) to t(2)), adjusted rates of declines in overall health and physical functioning were similar for individuals who were uninsured and those who had private insurance before gaining Medicare. CONCLUSIONS: Gaining Medicare does not lead to immediate health benefits for individuals who were uninsured before age 65. However, after 2 or more years of continuous coverage, the uninsured no longer have a higher risk of adverse health outcomes.
Admission Serum Calcium Levels Improve the GRACE Risk Score Prediction of Hospital Mortality in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndrome; Background: The Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events (GRACE) risk score has been extensively validated to predict risk during hospitalization in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Recently, serum calcium has been suggested as an independent predictor for in-hospital mortality in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction; however, the relationship between the 2 has not been evaluated. Hypothesis: The combination of GRACE risk score and serum calcium could provide better performance in risk prediction. Methods: The study enrolled 2229 consecutive patients with ACS. Independent predictors were identified by a multivariate logistic regression model. The incremental prognostic value added by serum calcium to the GRACE score was evaluated by receiver operating characteristic, net reclassification improvement (NRI), and integrated discrimination improvement (IDI). Results: Patients in the upper quartiles of serum calcium presented with lower in-hospital mortality (odds ratios for 3 upper quartiles vs lowest quartile, respectively: 0.443, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.206-0.953; 0.243, 95% CI: 0.090-0.654; and 0.210, 95% CI: 0.082-0.538). Area under the curve increased significantly after adding serum calcium to the GRACE score (0.685 vs 0.746; Z = 2.617, P = 0.009). Furthermore, inclusion of serum calcium in the GRACE score enhanced NRI (0.524; P = 0.009) and IDI (0.011; P = 0.003). Conclusions: Lower serum calcium level on admission is a possible indicator of increased risk of in-hospital mortality in ACS patients. Inclusion of serum calcium in the GRACE score may lead to a more accurate prediction of this risk. Large prospective studies are needed to confirm this finding.
Heart rate turbulence and death due to cardiac decompensation in patients with chronic heart failure; Background: As treatment strategies for patients with chronic heart failure (HF) become more sophisticated, identifying patients at high risk of death and predicting mode of death is important. The aim of this study was to explore the potential utility of heart rate turbulence (HRT) to identify patients with HF at high risk of death. Methods and results: In a prospective study, 553 ambulant outpatients age 63 10 with symptoms of HF and evidence of cardiac dysfunction were recruited. All patients underwent 24-h Holler ECG recordings, which were analysed for arrhythmias, heart rate variability and HRT a measurement that is thought to quantify cardiac autonomic regulatory mechanisms. Baseline chest radiograph, biochemistry and 12-lead electrocardiograms were also obtained. In patients with HRT measurements at 5 years follow up, 146 patients had died, 59 due to decompensated HE Independent predictors of death from decompensated HF at 5-year follow up (Cox proportional hazard model) were HRT slope (HR for 10% increment 0.84, 95% CI 0.77-0.91), serum sodium (HR for 10% increment 0.75, 95% CI 0.62-0.91) and serum creatinine (for 10% increment HR 1.14, 95% CI 1.08-1.19) all P < 0.01. These 3 variables combined had excellent discrimination between patients dying of decompensated HF and other patients, C-statistic=0.82. Conclusions: In patients with mild-to-moderate HF, HRT slope is an independent predictor of death due to decompensated HE HRT may have the potential to help tailor therapy in this patient group. (c) 2006 European Society of Cardiology. Published by Elsevier B.V.
The association between the-374T/A polymorphism of the receptor for advanced glycation endproducts gene and blood pressure and arterial stiffness is modified by glucose metabolism status: the Hoorn and CoDAM studies; Objectives Receptor for advanced glycation endproducts (RAGE)-ligand interaction may lead to vascular complications. Genetic variation in RAGE has been shown to alter expression, activity of RAGE or both. We, therefore, investigated whether RAGE single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) and haplotypes were associated with vascular disease. Methods Nine tag SNPs that cover the common RAGE gene variation were genotyped in 1291 individuals from two Dutch population-based cohort studies, aged 64.5 +/- 8.6 years, with normal glucose metabolism (44%), impaired glucose metabolism (23%) or type 2 diabetes mellitus (33%). We used multiple regression analyses to compare prevalent cardiovascular disease and markers of atherosclerosis, blood pressure and arterial stiffness across genotypes, and examine effect modification by glucose metabolism status. Results In unstratified analyses, no consistent associations between RAGE SNPs and prevalent cardiovascular disease and markers of atherosclerosis were found. However, the AA genotype of SNP rs1800624 (-374T/A) was consistently associated with lower SBP [-5.0 mmHg (95% confidence interval -10.4 to 0.3)] and DBP [-4.2 (-7.2 to -1.3)], pulse pressure [-0.8 (-5.0 to 3.4)] as well as with less arterial stiffness [-0.56 SD (-1.04 to -0.09)] in individuals with normal glucose metabolism, but with higher SBP [6.2 (0.9-11.5)], DBP [2.1 (-0.7 to 5.0)] and pulse pressure [4.1 (-0.2 to 8.4)] in individuals with impaired glucose metabolism or type 2 diabetes mellitus (P for interaction <= 0.05 in all analyses). Similar results were found for a haplotype that includes the -374A allele. Conclusion In individuals with normal glucose metabolism, the -374A allele of the RAGE gene is protectively associated with blood pressure and arterial stiffness, whereas in individuals with impaired glucose metabolism or type 2 diabetes mellitus, it is adversely associated with these variables. J Hypertens 28: 285-293 (C) 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Myocardial protection and early outcome of different coronary surgical techniques for diabetic patients with triple vessels; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: For patients with diabetes and triple-vessel disease, coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) surgery is a well-established procedure, but cardiopulmonary bypass support may also lead to severe complications to these patients. The aim of this study was to compare myocardial protection and early outcomes in patients with diabetes and triple-vessel disease following different coronary surgical techniques. DESIGN AND SETTINGS: Prospective randomized trial of patients treated at the First Affiliated Hospital of China Medical University over a 3-year period (2011-2013). METHODS: In a single-center randomized trial, 668 patients with diabetes and triple-vessel disease were randomly assigned to off-pump (OPCAB) (number [n]=222), on-pump beating heart (OnP-BH) (n=223), and conventional CABG (OnP) (n=223) between January 2011 and October 2013. Myocardial injury was assessed by measuring the serial release of cardiac troponin I (cTnI) preoperatively, 1 hour, 12 hours, 24 hours, and 72 hours postoperatively. The early outcomes were compared among these 3 groups. RESULTS: Preoperative characteristics of the patients in all 3 groups were similar. No significant difference was found regarding the number of anastomoses, the use of the internal thoracic artery, postoperative new-onset atrial fibrillation, hemodialysis, stroke, reoperation for bleeding, and infective complications in the 3 groups (P>.05). The complete revascularization, postoperative drainage loss, intra-aortic balloon pump support, blood requirements, postoperative myocardial infarction, pulmonary complications, gastrointestinal complications, inotropic requirements >24 hours, ventilation >24 hours, intensive care unit stay >24 hours, and in-hospital stay >7 days were significantly lower in the OPCAB group than in the other 2 groups (P<.05). In-hospital mortality was lower in the OPCAB group than in the other 2 groups, but no statistical difference was observed (P>.05). Preoperative cTnI in the 3 groups was similar (P>.05); however, the lowest cTnI value was noted in the OPCAB group, followed by the OnP group, and it was highest in the OnP-BH group 1 hour, 12 hours, 24 hours, and 72 hours postoperatively (P<.05). CONCLUSION: OPCAB is superior to the OnP-BH and OnP techniques in terms of postoperative complications and myocardial protection in patients with diabetes and triple-vessel disease. Myocardial injury in the OnP-BH group was significantly higher than that in the OnP group.
Circadian pattern of short-term variability of the QT-interval in primary prevention ICD patients - EU-CERT-ICD methodological pilot study; Objective Short-term variability of the QT-interval (STV-QT) was shown to be associated with an increased risk of ventricular arrhythmias. We aimed at investigating (a) whether STV-QT exhibits circadian pattern, and (b) whether such pattern differs between patients with high and low arrhythmia risk. Methods As part of the ongoing EU-CERT-ICD study, 24h high resolution digital ambulatory 12-lead Holter recordings are collected prior to ICD implantation for primary prophylactic indication. Presently available patients were categorized based on their arrhythmia score (AS), a custom-made weighted score of the number of arrhythmic events on the recording. STV-QT was calculated every hour in 30 patients of which 15 and 15 patients had a high and a low AS, respectively. Results The overall dynamicity of STV-QT showed high intra-and inter-individual variability with different circadian patterns associated with low and high AS. High AS patients showed a prominent peak both at 08:00 and 18:00. At these times, STV-QT was significantly higher in the high AS patients compared to the low AS patients (1.22ms +/- 0.55ms vs 0.60ms +/- 0.24ms at 08:00 and 1.12ms +/- 0.39ms vs 0.64ms +/- 0.29ms at 18:00, both p < 0.01). Conclusion In patients with high AS, STV-QT peaks in the early morning and late afternoon. This potentially reflects increased arrhythmia risk at these times. Prospective STV-QT determination at these times might thus be more sensitive to identify patients at high risk of ventricular arrhythmias.
Depressive Symptoms, Health Behaviors, and Subsequent Inflammation in Patients With Coronary Heart Disease: Prospective Findings From the Heart and Soul Study; Objective: Depression has been associated with inflammation in patients with coronary heart disease. However, it is uncertain whether depressive symptoms lead to inflammation or vice versa. Method: The authors evaluated 667 outpatients with established coronary heart disease from the Heart and Soul Study. Depressive symptoms were assessed annually with the 9-item Patient Health Questionnaire. Participants were categorized as having no significant depressive symptoms (score below 10 at all interviews), depressive symptoms (score of 10 or higher) at one interview, or depressive symptoms at two or more interviews. At baseline and 5-year follow-up, fasting blood samples were collected to measure three inflammatory biomarkers: fibrinogen, interleukin-6 (IL-6), and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP). Results: Of the 667 participants, 443 had no depressive symptoms, 86 had depressive symptoms at one assessment, and 138 had depressive symptoms at two or more annual assessments. Across the three groups, greater depressive symptoms were associated with higher subsequent log-transformed levels of IL-6 and hsCRP, and the association with higher fibrinogen levels approached significance. Baseline inflammation did not predict subsequent depressive symptoms. The association of depressive symptoms with subsequent inflammation levels was eliminated after adjustment for health behaviors associated with depression-physical inactivity, smoking, and higher body mass index. Conclusions: Depressive symptoms predicted higher IL-6 and hsCRP levels among outpatients with coronary heart disease, but higher inflammation levels did not predict subsequent depressive symptoms. The association between depressive symptoms and inflammation was no longer significant after adjustment for health behaviors, which suggests these behaviors may mediate depressive effects.
Magnesium deficiency alters the threshold for epinephrine-induced arrhythmias during halothane or sevoflurane anesthesia in the rat; Objective: To determine the effect of chronic magnesium (Mg2+) deficiency on the relative arrhythmogenicity of halothane and sevoflurane in the rat. Design: Prospective, randomized, nonblinded study. Setting: University laboratory. Participants: Male Sprague-Dawley rats (n = 48). Interventions: Rats were maintained on a Mg2+-deficient or control diet for 14 days, at which time they were anesthetized with halothane or sevoflurane, a tracheostomy was performed, and the lungs were ventilated to maintain normocapnia. Catheters were inserted into a femoral vein and carotid artery. Lead II of the electrocardiogram was monitored to determine the threshold for epinephrine-induced arrhythmias. Measurements and Main Results: Chronic Mg2+ deficiency significantly decreased the dose of epinephrine required for arrhythmias (ADE). The reduction in the AIDE was approximately one third during halothane anesthesia (p < 0.05) and one fifth during sevoflurane anesthesia (p < 0.001). Infusion of magnesium sulphate completely reversed the reduction in ADE. In normomagnesemic rats, the halothane ADE was significantly less than the sevoflurane ADE (mean difference = 6.0 mug/kg, 95% confidence interval of the difference = 3.6 to 8.4 mug/kg) (p < 0.005). Mg2+ deficiency significantly attenuated the difference between the halothane ADE and the sevoflurane ADE (mean difference in the Mg2+-deficient group = 0.6 mug/kg, 95% confidence interval of the difference = -0.2 to 1.5 mug/kg). Conclusion: Chronic Mg2+ deficiency decreased the threshold for epinephrine-induced arrhythmias and attenuated differences between the arrhythmogenic potential of halothane and sevoflurane, suggesting that arrhythmias are as likely to develop with sevoflurane as with halothane in the presence of coexisting magnesium deficiency and elevated catecholamines. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The significance of circulating levels of both cardiac troponin I and high-sensitivity C reactive protein for the prediction of intravenous thrombolysis outcome in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction; Objectives: To evaluate, using continuous 12-lead ECG ST-segment monitoring, the role of circulating levels of both cardiac troponin I (cTnI) and high-sensitivity C reactive protein (hs- CRP), on presentation, in the prediction of intravenous thrombolysis outcome in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). Design and setting: Prospective observational study in a tertiary referral centre. Patients: 786 consecutive patients with STEMI, who received intravenous thrombolysis in the first 6 h from index pain. Main outcome measures: The incidence of failed thrombolysis and of cardiac death by 30 days. Failed thrombolysis was defined as the absence of abrupt and sustained >= 50% ST-segment recovery in the first 90 min after the initiation of intravenous thrombolysis. Results: The incidence of failed thrombolysis and 30-day cardiac death was 57.4% and 11.8%, respectively. By multivariate logistic regression analysis according to tertiles of both cTnI (RR, 1.5; 95% CI 1.1 to 1.8, p = 0.004 for highest vs middle third; 2.2, 1.9 to 3.5, p < 0.001 for highest vs lowest third; 1.5, 1.2 to 1.8, p = 0.001 for middle vs lowest third) and hs-CRP (RR, 2.0, 95% CI, 1.6 to 2.2; p < 0.001 for highest vs middle third; 2.6, 2.1 to 3.5, p < 0.001 for highest vs lowest third; 1.3, 1.2 to 1.7, p = 0.02 for middle vs lowest third), were independently associated with failed thrombolysis. Moreover, by multivariate Cox regression analysis according to tertiles of both cTnI (HR 1.2, 95% CI 1.1 to 1.8, p = 0.03 for highest vs middle third; 1.5, 1.2 to 2.2, p = 0.004 for highest vs lowest third; 1.1, 0.6 to 1.4, p = 0.6 for middle vs lowest third) and hs-CRP (HR1.2, 95% CI 1.1 to 1.6, p = 0.04 for highest vs middle third; 1.7, 1.3 to 2.6, p = 0.001 for highest vs lowest third; 1.1, 0.9 to 2.1, p = 0.1 for middle vs lowest third), were independently related with an increased risk of 30-day cardiac death. Conclusions: High circulating levels of both cTnI and hs- CRP are related with an independent increased risk of intravenous thrombolysis failure and 30-day cardiac death in patients who received intravenous thrombolysis in the first 6 h of STEMI.
METAANALYSIS IN EPIDEMIOLOGY, WITH SPECIAL REFERENCE TO STUDIES OF THE ASSOCIATION BETWEEN EXPOSURE TO ENVIRONMENTAL TOBACCO-SMOKE AND LUNG-CANCER - A CRITIQUE; Meta-analysis, a set of statistical tools for combining and integrating the results of independent studies of a given scientific issue, can be useful when the stringent conditions under which such integration is valid are met. In this report we point out the difficulties in obtaining sound meta-analyses of either controlled clinical trials or epidemiological studies. We demonstrate that hastily or improperly designed meta-analysis can lead to results that may not be scientifically valid. We note that much care is typically taken when meta-analysis is applied to the results of clinical trials. The Food and Drug Administration, for example, requires strict adherence to the principles we discuss in this paper before it allows a drug's sponsor to use a meta-analysis of separate clinical studies in support of a New Drug Application. Such care does not always carry over to epidemiological studies, as demonstrated by the 1986 report of the National Research Council concerning the purported association between exposure to environmental tobacco smoke and the risk of lung cancer. On the basis of a meta-analysis of 13 studies, 10 of which were retrospective and the remaining 3 prospective in nature, the Council concluded that non-smokers who are exposed to environmental tobacco smoke are at greater risk of acquiring lung cancer than non-smokers not so exposed. In our opinion, this conclusion in unwarranted given the poor quality of the studies on which it is based.
Clinical Comparison of ICD Detection Algorithms that Include Rapid-VT Zones; Introduction: The safe use of antitachycardia pacing (ATP) to terminate rapid ventricular tachycardias (VTs) (cycle length 240320 ms) is predicated on the ability of implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICDs) to distinguish rapid VT from ventricular fibrillation (VF). We set out to compare the time to device charging following the induction of VF of various ICD multizone detection algorithms for rapid VT/VF discrimination. Methods and Results: Data on the time to device charging following the induction of VF at the time to device implantation were collected on 62 consecutive patients in a nonrandomized prospective cohort fashion. Multizone programming for the Boston Scientific, Medtronic, and St. Jude Medical devices was based on prior clinically validated data. Sixty-two subjects were studied (Boston Scientific = 16, Medtronic = 27, St. Jude Medical = 19) and 124 tests for VF detection were performed (Boston Scientific = 32, Medtronic = 54, St. Jude Medical = 38). Mean time to charging was significantly prolonged in the Boston Scientific group as was the percentage of tests where charge initiation occurred >5 seconds from VF-induction: 4.24, 3.99, and 3.00 seconds and 19%, 4%, and 0% for the Boston Scientific, Medtronic, and St. Jude Medical groups, respectively, P < 0.05. ATP was the first therapy administered in 9.4% of tests in the Boston Scientific group. Conclusion: The Boston Scientific multizone VT/VF discrimination algorithm results in a prolonged time to VF detection, and consequently, prolonged time to appropriate initiation of device charging. Further studies are needed to determine whether prolonged detection times lead to clinically significant events. (PACE 2012; 35:12221231)
The effect of metoprolol on perioperative outcome in coronary patients undergoing nonvascular abdominal surgery; Study Objective: To analyze the clinical effectiveness of the beta-1-aderenergic blocker, metoprolol. Design: Prospective, observational, clinical study. Setting: Operating room and intensive care unit of a tertiary-care teaching hospital. Patients: 111 ASA physical status II, III, and IV consecutive patients who were scheduled for open complications; abdominal nonvascular surgery. Interventions: Patients were divided into two stratification groups: 83 (74.8%) of 111 received metoprolol, and 28 (25.2%) of 111 were controls. Within 24 to 96 hours, the drug was used parenterally in a dose of 5, 10, and 15 mg per 24 hours. Metoprolol cardioprotection was applied during the whole perioperative period, in the form of tablets in a dose of 25, 50, and 100 mg per 24 hours until the 30th postoperative day. Measurements: During surgery, and in the first 72 postoperative hours, patients were monitored by continuous ST-T segment monitoring. A 12-lead electrocardiogram was attached immediately after surgery; on postoperative days 1, 2, and 7; and one day before discharge from the hospital. Serum troponin-T level was controlled 6, 24, and 96 hours after surgery. Main Results: Postoperative mortality of cardiac etiology after 30 days of surgery was 1.2% (1/83) in the metoprolol group versus 7.1% (2/28) in the nonmetoprolol group (P < 0.05). The causes of death in these three patients were acute myocardial infarction, congestive heart failure, and malignant arrhythmias. Conclusions: Perioperative cardioprotection significantly reduced mortality until postoperative day 30 in patients having open abdominal nonvascular surgery with general anesthesia. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of ezetimibe coadministered with simvastatin on C-reactive protein in a large cohort of hypercholesterolemic patients; Objective: This study assessed the effect of coadministration of ezetimibe and simvastatin on high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) in a large subject cohort (N= 1089). Methods: Data were combined from two nearly identical prospective trials. After dietary stabilization, washout period, and placebo lead-in period, patients with baseline low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C >= 3.75-6.50 mmol/l and triglycerides (TG) <= 4.0 nmol/l were randomized to one of the following daily treatments for 12 weeks: ezetimibe 10 mg; simvastatin monotherapy (10, 20 40, or 80 mg); ezetimibe 10 mg plus simvastatin (10. 20, 40, or 80 mg); or placebo. The primary analysis was the percent change in hs-CRP for the pooled ezetimibe plus sinivastatin versus sinivastatin monotherapy cohorts. Results: Ezetimibe coadministered with sinivastatin more than doubled the hs-CRP reduction compared to simvastatin monotherapy (-33.3% versus - 14.3% p < 0.01). At each individual simvastatin dose level, coadministration therapy exerted significant further incremental hs-CRP reductions compared to simvastatin monotherapy. Similar hs-CRP reductions with coadministered ezetimibe and simvastatin were observed in the major subgroups examined (coronary heart disease, gender, age, baseline LDL-C, and body mass index). Conclusion: In this large subject cohort, ezetimibe coadministered with simvastatin significantly reduced hs-CRP, suggesting a possible additional anti-inflammatory/anti-atherosclerotic action of combination therapy compared to simvastatin monotherapy. (c) 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Investigating the role of acute mental stress on endothelial dysfunction: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Chronic stress is a known risk factor for both endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease (CVD), but less is known of how acute mental stress affects the vasculature. In this systematic review and meta-analysis, we analyzed the impact of acute mental stress on flow-mediated dilation (FMD), an indicator of endothelial function. We searched the Medline, Cochrane, EMBASE, and ISI Web of Knowledge databases through May 2014, to identify publications in English-language journals. The primary outcome was the change in FMD from baseline to the time of measurement. We also assessed the risk of bias and the heterogeneity of included studies. Our search identified eight prospective studies, which displayed significant heterogeneity. Four studies measured FMD while the subject was performing the task; six measured FMD after the task had been completed. The total number of participants was 164. The pooled results indicate that FMD did not change significantly while the task was being performed (pooled difference in means: -0.853; 95 % confidence interval (CI), -3.926/2.220; P = 0.586); however, FMD measured after the task was completed was significantly less than baseline (pooled difference in means: -2.450; 95 %CI, -3.925/-0.975; P = 0.001). In conclusions, our findings provide evidence that an acute stressful experience has a delayed, negative impact on the function of the endothelium. Repeated exposure to short-term stress may lead to permanent injury of the vasculature. Therefore, assessment of patients' exposure to both repeated acute mental stress and chronic stress may be useful in determining their risk of developing CVD.
Prevalence of Q-T interval dispersion in type 1 diabetes and its relation with cardiac ischemia - The EURODIAB IDDM Complications Study Group; OBJECTIVE - The interlead variation in duration of the Q-T interval on the surface electrocardiogram (Q-T interval dispersion [QTd]) has been shown to predict mortality in type 2 diabetic patients, We evaluated the prevalence of QTd prolongation in the EURODIAB population and its relation to corrected Q-T interval (QTc), sex, age, duration of diabetes, blood glucose control, and complications. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A total of 3,042 type 1 diabetic patients were studied. QTc was calculated according to the Bazett's formulae QTc >0.44 s was considered abnormally prolonged, QTd was calculated using the difference between the maximum and the minimum QTc in any thoracic lead. QTd >0.080 s was considered abnormally prolonged. RESULTS - The prevalence of an increased QTd was 7%. A significant relation was observed between QTd prolongation and diastolic blood pressure (P < 0.05). A higher prevalence of QTd prolongation was observed in patients with ischemic heart disease (P = 0.004), whereas no relationship was observed with retinopathy, albumin excretion rate, or measures of somatic and autonomic neuropathy, QTc and QTd were significantly related (P = 0.001) however, a proportion of patients with normal QTd showed a prolonged QTc (>0.44 s). CONCLUSIONS - in patients with type 1 diabetes, QTd is associated with ischemic heart disease and diastolic blood pressure but not neuropathy. Although QTd is statistically related to duration of QTc, increased QTd and increased QTc identify different patients, and their predictive value deserves prospective evaluation.
Different blood pressure indexes on intracranial arterial stenosis in Asymptomatic Polyvascular Abnormalities in Community study in China; Background:The association between hypertension and cerebrovascular events is shown in some large-scale studies, but it remains unclear which blood pressure index is the most sensitive risk factor for cerebrovascular stenosis.Methods:We investigated the potential associations between different blood pressure indexes and intracranial arterial stenosis (ICAS) in the study. The population-based Asymptomatic Polyvascular Abnormalities in Community study examined asymptomatic intracranial arterial abnormalities in a Chinese population and included participants aged more than 40 years without a history of stroke, transient ischemic attack, and coronary heart disease. ICAS was diagnosed by transcranial Doppler sonography. Blood pressure was measured with a mercury manometer three times; an average result of SBP and DBP was used, and mean arterial pressure (MAP) and pulse pressure (PP) were calculated for the statistical analysis.Results:Out of the 4422 study participants, 711 (16.1%) showed an asymptomatic ICAS. After adjusting for age, waist circumference, drinking, diabetes, dyslipidemia, and blood concentration of uric acid, C-reactive protein, and homocysteine, ICAS was significantly associated with a higher SBP [from decile 6, odds ratio (OR) 3.093; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.909, 5.012; P<0.01), a higher MAP (from decile 7, OR 2.889; 95% CI 1.853, 4.504; P<0.01), and a higher PP (from decile 5, OR 2.295;95% CI 1.463, 3.601; P<0.01). Using a receiver-operating characteristic curve to estimate the predictive value of different blood pressure indexes for ICAS, SBP, MAP, and PP, were predictive indexes for ICAS and PP showed the largest predictive value (area under the curve=0.737).Conclusions:The current study results suggest that SBP, MAP, and PP are all associated with asymptomatic ICAS. PP may be the most sensitive index to predict ICAS.
The incidence of hypomagnesaemia following abdominal aortic aneurysm surgery; INTRODUCTION Magnesium is important for cardiac function. Hypomagnesaemia is associated with a higher incidence of arrhythmias and poorer outcomes in cardiac surgery. No studies have investigated the incidence or impact of postoperative hypomagnesaemia after abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA) surgery. We aim to assess the incidence of hypomagnesaemia after AAA repair in our population. METHODS Retrospective analysis was performed of patients who underwent elective AAA surgery at a single vascular centre. The last 110 patients undergoing open or endovascular AAA repair were identified. The hospital pathology system was used to identify the immediate postoperative serum magnesium levels as well as patient demographics and admission details. Hypomagnesaemia was defined as serum magnesium of <0.7mmol/l. RESULTS A total of 211 patients were studied and there were 3 deaths. Of the patients included, 101 underwent open elective AAA repair and 110 underwent endovascular repair. In the elective open repair group, 73 patients (73%) were hypomagnesaemic. In the endovascular repair group, 35 (32%) had hypomagnesaemia. A t-test showed a statistically significant difference in hypomagnesaemia between the open and endovascular groups (p<0.001). CONCLUSIONS AAA surgery is associated with a high incidence of postoperative hypomagnesaemia, which is significantly greater among open repair patients. This is likely to have an effect on cardiac activity and lead to cardiac complications such as arrhythmias and poorer postoperative outcomes, especially in the open AAA repair subgroup. This stresses the importance of serum magnesium and cardiac monitoring in the postoperative phase. A prospective study is proposed to further investigate these findings, and their potential implications on perioperative morbidity and mortality.
Adverse effects of low hematocrit during cardiopulmonary bypass in the adult: Should current practice be changed?; Background: Hemodilutional anemia during cardiopulmonary bypass can lead to inadequate oxygen delivery and, consequently, to ischemic organ injury. In adult bypass, the nadir hematocrit can vary widely with body size and prebypass hematocrit variations, yet its effects on perioperative organ dysfunction and patient outcomes remain largely unknown. Methods: To elucidate these effects, we retrospectively analyzed operative results and resource utilization data from 5000 consecutive cardiac operations with cardiopulmonary bypass performed on adults (1994 to 2000). Rolling decile groups (500 patients each; 75% overlapping) of increasing lowest hematocrit values were used to characterize hemodilution-outcome relationships. Intermediate-term (0 to 6 years) survival was assessed for coronary artery bypass patients (n = 3800) via Kaplan-Meier analysis in quintile subgroups based on lowest hematocrit. Multivariate logistic regression (operative mortality and morbidity) and Cox proportional hazard model (0- to 6-year mortality) analyses were used to determine independent Predictors of poor outcomes. Results: Stroke, myocardial infarction, low cardiac output, cardiac arrest, renal failure, prolonged ventilation, pulmonary edema, reoperation due to bleeding, sepsis, and multiorgan failure were all significantly and systematically increased as lowest hematocrit value decreased below 22%. Consequently, intensive care requirements, hospital stays, operative costs, and operative deaths were also significantly greater as a function of hemodilution severity. Longer-term survival was improved systematically for increasing lowest hematocrit coronary artery bypass grafting quintiles; for example, 6-year survival was 80.5% and 92.3% for quintiles (lowest hematocrit = 16.1%) and V (lowest hematocrit = 27.5%). The continuous variable lowest hematocrit was an independent predictor of (1) operative mortality, (2) prolonged cardiovascular intensive case (>2 days) and postoperative hospital (>8 days) stays, and (3) worse 0- to 6-year survival. Conclusions: Increased hemodilution severity during cardiopulmonary bypass was associated with worse perioperative vital organ dysfunction/morbidity and increased resource use, as well as greater short- and intermediate-term mortality. We speculate that these results derive from inadequate oxygen delivery causing ischemic and/or inflammatory vital organ injury, as recently demonstrated intravitally in cerebral tissues Although this analysis of a large observational study offers evidence linking low on-pump hematocrit values to these adverse outcomes, prospective randomized trials are needed (1) to establish whether a causal effect of hemodilution on poor outcomes actually exists and (2) to test the, potential efficacy of maintaining on-pump hematocrit above 22% for improving outcomes of cardiopulmonary by-pass.
RELATION BETWEEN ISCHEMIA TIME, INFARCT SIZE, AND LEFT-VENTRICULAR FUNCTION IN HUMANS; Background Experimental studies indicate that duration of ischemia is a major determinant of myocardial infarct size, but only limited information is available about the relation between ischemia time and infarct size in individual patients. This prospective study sought to document the role of ischemia time as a determinant of infarct size in humans. Methods and Results We studied 61 patients (50 men, 11 women) 57+/-11 years old admitted with a first infarct (31 anterior, 30 inferior) who underwent continuous 12-lead ECG monitoring to document ischemia time. Infarct size (32-point QRS score on day 7) and changes in regional myocardial wall motion (echocardiography) during the following month were related to ischemia time. Among patients with <3 hours of ischemia (n=16), mean infarct size on day 7 was 21+/-13% of potential infarct size; in patients with 3 to 6 hours of ischemia (n=23), infarct size was 38+/-18% of potential (P<.05 versus 0 to 3 hours of ischemia); and in patients with 6 to 9 hours of ischemia (n=10), infarct size was 66+/-14% of potential (P<.05 versus 3 to 6 hours). In contrast, the 12 patients with an ischemia time >9 hours had a final infarct size of 77+/-10% of potential (P<.01 versus 3 to 6 hours). Multivariate regression identified size of risk region, duration of ischemia, and degree of initial ST-segment elevation as independent predictors of infarct size, of which the most important variable was ischemia time. The regression models accurately predicted both individual absolute infarct size (R(2)=.83) and individual infarct/risk ratio (R(2)=.74). Patients with <6 hours of ischemia exhibited significant recovery of myocardial wall motion by day 7 (wall motion score, 2.1+/-1.4 versus 5.7+/-3.2 on day 1, P<.01). Patients with 6 to 9 hours of ischemia had some recovery by 1 month (score, 6.3+/-4.4 versus 10.9+/-3.8 on day 1, P<.01), but patients with >9 hours of ischemia had little recovery of wall motion by 1 month (score, 10.3+/-4.5 versus 12.8+/-3.1 on day 1, P<.05). Conclusions Measurement of ischemia time allows improved prediction of infarct size in humans. Significant myocardial salvage and functional recovery may be achieved by reperfusion up to 9 hours after coronary occlusion. Continuous ST-segment monitoring should be used to measure ischemia time and guide interventions to reperfuse the infarct artery.
Post cardiac injury syndrome after initially uncomplicated CRT-D implantation: a case report and a systematic review; Post cardiac injury syndrome (PCIS) is an inflammatory process that occurs in the setting of injury to the pericardium, epicardium or myocardium. It may follow cardiac surgery, myocardial infarction, trauma, intracardiac ablation, percutaneous coronary intervention or implantation of a pacemaker or cardioverter-defibrillator. In this paper, we report the first case of PCIS after implantation of a "Cardiac Resynchronization Therapy Defibrillator" (CRT-D) device and review systematically the available literature. To obtain information on PCIS after implantation of heart rhythm devices (HRD), we performed a systematic review of Medline, EMBASE and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL). The collected data included age, gender, initial diagnosis, procedure type, time to PCIS, symptoms, clinical manifestations, therapy and outcome. Included were reports in English, French and Spanish. In our systematic review, we found PCIS after HRD implantation in 17 additional cases. The age ranged from 23 to 84 years. Symptoms developed within 1 day-4 months after implantation. The use of active-fixation atrial leads was reported in nine cases. Fever, dyspnoea, chest pain, tachypnoea, tachycardia, palpitation, malaise, ankle edema, dry cough, night sweats, nausea and vomiting were reported as associated symptoms. PCIS should be considered as a rare, but serious complication of HRD implantation, may cause recurrent hospitalization and can be life threatening. The incidence and possible causes of PCIS after HRD, such as active fixation leads and specific lead positions as well as its treatment deserve further investigation in prospective studies.
Could BNP screening of acute chest pain cases lead to safe earlier discharge of patients with non-cardiac causes? A pilot study; Background: The assessment of chest pain relies on clinical assessment and markers of cell necrosis such as Troponin T (TnT). B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) is also raised in myocardial ischaemia and therefore may be useful in deciding if acute chest pain is of cardiac origin or not. Aim: To investigate the role of BNP in the assessment of unselected patients presenting with acute chest pain. Methods: A prospective observational study of 100 patients presenting with chest pain to the Acute Medical Admissions Unit was carried out. All patients had BNP and TnT levels measured. The primary outcome was categorization of chest pain as cardiac or non-cardiac. This was determined by the discharge diagnosis. BNP cutoffs were derived from a receiver operated characteristic (ROC) curve. The sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive accuracy (PPA) and negative predictive accuracy (NPA) were all calculated for BNP, TnT and for the composite of BNP and TnT. Results: Mean BNP in patients with cardiac chest pain was significantly greater than mean BNP for patients with non-cardiac chest pain (P <= 0.0001). BNP was significantly more sensitive than TnT (P = 0.003). However TnT was more specific than BNP (98% vs. 75%, P <= 0.0001). Combining BNP and TnT increased sensitivity from 55.6% to 95.6.% Conclusion: Our findings suggest that BNP is more sensitive but less specific than TnT in the diagnostic assessment of acute chest pain. However, combining BNP and TnT was a very satisfactory rule out test (negative predictive accuracy 96%) for excluding chest pain that had a cardiac origin.
Ergonovine echocardiography as a screening test for diagnosis of vasospastic angina before coronary angiography; Objectives. In patients,vith chest pain suggestive of variant angina, we performed this prospective study to test the specificity and diagnostic validity of ergonovine echocardiography (detection of regional wall motion abnormality during bedside ergonovine challenge) as a screening procedure before coronary angiography. Background. Spasm provocation test outside the catheterization room has generally not been accepted as a safe diagnostic method. Methods. Ergonovine echocardiography was performed in 80 consecutive patients with chest pain syndrome after confirmation of negative treadmill or normal stress myocardial perfusion scan results using thallium-201. A bolus of ergonovine maleate was injected at 5-min intervals up to a total cumulative dosage of 0.35 mg with echocardiographic monitoring of left ventricular wall motion. A 12-lead electrocardiogram (EGG) was also recorded every 3 min after each ergonovine injection. Positive test results were development of regional mall motion abnormalities or transient ST segment elevation or depression >0.1 mV in any single lead of the 12-lead EGG. Coronary angiography was undertaken within 2 +/- 4 days (mean +/- SD) after ergonovine echocardiography, and the spasm provocation test with acetylcholine or ergonovine was performed in patients with normal angiographic findings or lumen diameter narrowing <70%. Results. On the basis of angiographic criteria, 56 patients had coronary vasospasm; this finding was later ruled out in 19 patients with near-normal angiographic results by a negative response on the spasm provocation test. In the remaining five patients, coronary spasm provocation was not performed because they revealed a high degree of fixed stenosis (lumen diameter narrowing 97 +/- 4%). Ergonovine echocardiography could diagnose coronary vasospasm before angiography, with a sensitivity of 91% (51 of 56 patients, 95% confidence interval [CI] 84% to 98%) and specificity of 88% (21 of 24 patients, 95% CI 75% to 100%). Of 53 patients showing regional wall motion abnormalities during ergonovine echocardiography, characteristic ST segment elevation in the simultaneously recorded ECG was observed in only 20 (38%). There were no complications, including myocardial infarction or fatal arrhythmia, during the test. Conclusions. Ergonovine echocardiography before coronary angiography is safe and can be used as a reliable diagnostic screening test for coronary vasospasm in patients with negative treadmill or normal stress myocardial perfusion scan results. These findings suggest that invasive coronary angiography can be avoided in selected patients for the diagnosis of vasospastic angina.
Examining the link between coronary heart disease and the elimination of chronic dental infections; Background. While it has been suggested that periodontal disease may be associated with coronary heart disease, or CHD, there are no data to suggest that the elimination of chronic dental infections actually lowers the risk of developing chronic CHD. The goal of this study was to determine whether people with a definitive elimination of all potential dental infections-edentulous people, who are at the optimum endpoint of dental infection elimination from a CHD perspective-lower their CHD risk over time when compared with people who have a specific dental infection, periodontitis. Methods. The authors examined data from a prospective cohort of 4,027 people who participated in the First National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, or NHANES I, Epidemiologic Follow-up Study. The primary outcome measure was the first CHD event. Results. During a mean follow-up of 17 years, there were 1,238 CHD events (538 fatal). The confirmed elimination of chronic dental infections did not lead to a decreased risk of experiencing a CHD event (relative risk, 1.02; 95 percent confidence interval, 0.86-1.21). The CHD risk among people with and without chronic dental infections remained constant over time with respect to each other (test for increasing or decreasing trend over time: not significant, chi (2)(1) = 0.48; P = .93). Conclusions. People who had a complete, definitive and long-term elimination of all potential dental infections through extraction of all teeth did not have lower CHD risk when compared with people with diagnosed periodontitis. Clinical implications. Until evidence is found to the contrary, the authors suggest that prevention of CHD should not be used as the basis for recommending treatment to eliminate chronic dental infections.
Optimizing disease management at a health care system level: The rationale and methods of the Improving Cardiovascular Outcomes in Nova Scotia (ICONS) study; Improving Cardiovascular Outcomes in Nova Scotia (ICONS) is a five-year project that aims to determine whether the management of patients with an acute coronary syndrome, congestive heart failure or atrial fibrillation can be improved through a multilateral health care stakeholder effort using a disease management strategy. It is a large prospective cohort study with two major phases. The first involves passive baseline measurement of process of care and outcomes as these relate to all hospitalized Nova Scotians with a disease of interest as well as high risk persons from the community. The second comprises a series of interventions, developed on the basis of insights gained from the analysis of baseline, that are aimed at optimizing care. Process of care and outcomes during and after these interventions are compared with those measured at baseline. There is no control population. The hypothesis is that a population-based disease management approach will lead primarily to an optimization in health care delivery, as reflected by a 25% absolute increase in the utilization of evidence-based marker therapies over the course of the study, and that this will secondarily result in improved health outcomes. Approximately 1000 patients in each of the three disease groups are required to test the primary hypothesis. However, about 10,000 Nova Scotians annually are study eligible and are targeted for enrolment. Outcomes evaluated are all-cause and cardiovascular mortality, major cardiovascular morbidity, hospitalization, revascularization, health care resource use, patient quality of life and satisfaction with their care, and employment and workplace productivity issues.
Impact of a randomized control group on perceived effectiveness of a Disease Management Programme for diabetes type 2; Background: Disease Management Programmes (DMPs) are proposed to enhance the quality of care, to improve health outcomes and to reduce costs. Yet, the evidence regarding the effectiveness of such structured approaches remains uncertain. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) represent the gold standard of evaluation for complex interventions. However, most of the evidence derives from non-randomized or even uncontrolled trials. We therefore tried to assess the impact of a randomized control group on the interpretation of DMP effectiveness. Methods: We analyzed the data of a RCT on a DMP for diabetes type 2 by creating two scenarios. The first solely includes data of the intervention group (n = 649), representing an 'uncontrolled pre-test-post-test analysis'. The second comprehends all data (n = 1489) of the 'randomized controlled analysis'. HbA1c was used as the primary outcome measure for metabolic control in diabetes. Depending on either scenario, we calculated relative and absolute risk reduction regarding clinically relevant endpoints and estimated costs by extrapolating our results according to the UK Prospective Diabetes Study (UKPDS) findings. Results: The HbA1c reduction attributed to the DMP was 0.41% (uncontrolled analysis) vs. 0.13% (controlled comparison). Estimations of relative risk reduction for cardiovascular disease were 4.6% vs. 1.4%. The estimated numbers needed to treat (NNT) to avoid one myocardial infarction within 10 years differed from 125 (uncontrolled analysis) to 417 patients (controlled comparison), which led to a substantial scenario-dependent difference in cost estimations. Conclusion: Uncontrolled pre-test-post-test evaluation might lead to crucial overestimation of DMP effectiveness. We therefore recommend randomized controlled evaluations prior to long-term implementation.
Insomnia and Sleep Duration as Mediators of the Relationship Between Depression and Hypertension Incidence; BACKGROUND Depression has been found to predict the incidence of hypertension and other adverse cardiovascular events in prospective studies. Insomnia and short sleep duration, which are typical symptoms of depression, have also been shown to increase the risk for hypertension incidence. Insomnia is associated with increased activation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, and short sleep duration raises average 24-h blood pressure, which over time could lead to structural adaptations that gradually reset the entire cardiovascular system to operate at an elevated pressure equilibrium. No previous published population studies have examined whether insomnia and sleep duration mediate the relationship between depression and hypertension incidence. METHODS We conducted multivariate longitudinal (1982-1992) analyses stratified by age of the First National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES 1) (n = 4,913) using Cox proportional hazards models. RESULTS Middle-aged subjects who suffered from depression at baseline were 44% more likely to be diagnosed with hypertension over the follow-up period after controlling for covariates (hazard ratio (HR) = 1.44, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.15-1.80). Both short sleep duration and insomnia were also significantly associated with hypertension incidence. Consistent with insomnia and sleep duration acting as mediators of the relationship between depression and hypertension incidence, the inclusion of these variables in the multivariate models appreciably attenuated the association (HR = 1.27, 95% CI 1.00-1.61). Depression, sleep duration, and insomnia were not significantly associated with hypertension incidence in elderly subjects. CONCLUSIONS These results suggest the hypothesis that treatment of sleep problems in middle-aged individuals suffering from depression could reduce their risk for developing hypertension, and its vascular and cardiac complications.
Intracerebral hemorrhage; Introduction: Intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) occurs from the rupture of small vessels into the brain parenchyma and accounts for approximately 10% of all strokes in the United States, and carries with it a significantly high morbidity and mortality. Summary: This article reviews the course and management of ICH. The most common chronic vascular diseases that lead to ICH are chronic hypertension and cerebral amyloid angiopathy. Additional factors that predispose to ICH include vascular malformations, chronic alcohol use, hypocholesterolemia, and use of anticoagulant medications. The understanding of mechanisms leading to ICH has advanced significantly, but questions regarding site predilection and timing of spontaneous hemorrhage still remain. Management in the acute setting is first focused on reducing hematoma expansion. Although no specific therapy has yet been proven effective, promising agents, particularly recombinant Factor VIIa, are on the horizon. Subsequent care is focused on controlling hemostasis, hemodynamics, and intracranial pressure in efforts to minimize secondary brain injury. Conclusion: The morbidity and mortality associated with ICH remain high despite recent advances in our understanding of the clinical course of ICH. Novel preventive and acute treatment therapies are needed and may be on the horizon.
Crucial role of carotid ultrasound for the rapid diagnosis of hyperacute aortic dissection complicated by cerebral infarction: A case report and literature review; Aortic dissection is a life-threatening rare condition that may virtually present by any organ system dysfunction, the nervous system included. Acute cerebral infarction among multiple other neurological and non-neurological presentations is part of this acute aortic syndrome. Rapid and correct diagnosis is of extreme importance keeping in mind the possibility of thrombolytic treatment if a patient with a suspected ischemic stroke arrives to the Emergency Department within a 4.5-h window after symptom onset. Systemic intravenous thrombolysis in the case of an acute brain infarction due to aortic dissection may lead to fatal outcomes. In this neurological emergency it is important to rule out underlying aortic dissection by choosing appropriately quick and accurate diagnostic tool. We aimed to present a prospective follow-up case, where carotid ultrasound examination was the primary key method that led to a correct diagnosis in hyperacute (<24 h) Stanford type A aortic dissection presenting as an acute ischemic stroke, and thereafter with a repeated contrast-enhanced computed tomography and transthoracic echocardiography, helped to monitor topography of intravascular processes and hemodynamic properties during the clinical course of a disease, which influenced treatment decisions. Thus, we reviewed the literature mainly focusing on the various neurological aspects associated with aortic dissection. (C) 2016 The Lithuanian University of Health Sciences. Production and hosting by Elsevier Sp. z o.o.
Optimal Screening Methods to Detect Cardiac Disorders in Athletes: An Evidence-Based Review; Reference/Citation: Harmon KG, Zigman M, Drezner JA. The effectiveness of screening history, physical exam, and ECG to detect potentially lethal cardiac disorders in athletes: a systematic review/meta-analysis. J Electrocardiol. 2015; 48(3): 329-338. Clinical Question: Which screening method should be considered best practice to detect potentially lethal cardiac disorders during the preparticipation physical examination (PE) of athletes? Data Sources: The authors completed a comprehensive literature search of MEDLINE, CINAHL, Cochrane Library, Embase, Physiotherapy Evidence Database (PEDro), and SPORTDiscus from January 1996 to November 2014. The following key words were used individually and in combination: ECG, athlete, screening, pre-participation, history, and physical. A manual review of reference lists and key journals was performed to identify additional studies. The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines were followed for this review. Study Selection: Studies selected for this analysis involved (1) outcomes of cardiovascular screening in athletes using the history, PE, and electrocardiogram (ECG); (2) history questions and PE based on the American Heart Association recommendations and guidelines; and (3) ECGs interpreted following modern standards. The exclusion criteria were (1) articles not in English, (2) conference abstracts, and (3) clinical commentary articles. Study quality was assessed on a 7-point scale for risk of bias; a score of 7 indicated the highest quality. Articles with potential bias were excluded. Data Extraction: Data included number and sex of participants, number of true-and false-positives and negatives, type of ECG criteria used, number of cardiac abnormalities, and specific cardiac conditions. The sensitivity, specificity, falsepositive rate, and positive predictive value of each screening tool were calculated and summarized using a bivariate randomeffects meta-analysis model. Main Results: Fifteen articles reporting on 47 137 athletes were fully reviewed. The overall quality of the 15 articles ranged from 5 to 7 on the 7-item assessment scale (ie, participant selection criteria, representative sample, prospective data with at least 1 positive finding, modern ECG criteria used for screening, cardiovascular screening history and PE per American Heart Association guidelines, individual test outcomes reported, and abnormal screening findings evaluated by appropriate diagnostic testing). The athletes (66% males and 34% females) were ethnically and racially diverse, were from several countries, and ranged in age from 5 to 39 years. The sensitivity and specificity of the screening methods were, respectively, ECG, 94% and 93%; history, 20% and 94%; and PE, 9% and 97%. The overall false-positive rate for ECG (6%) was less than that for history (8%) or PE (10%). The positive likelihood ratios of each screening method were 14.8 for ECG, 3.22 for history, and 2.93 for PE. The negative likelihood ratios were 0.055 for ECG, 0.85 for history, and 0.93 for PE. A total of 160 potentially lethal cardiovascular conditions were detected, for a rate of 0.3%, or 1 in 294 patients. The most common conditions were Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome (n = 67, 42%), long QT syndrome (n = 18, 11%), hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (n = 18, 11%), dilated cardiomyopathy (n = 11, 7%), coronary artery disease or myocardial ischemia (n = 9, 6%), and arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy (n = 4, 3%). Conclusions: The most effective strategy to screen athletes for cardiovascular disease was ECG. This test was 5 times more sensitive than history and 10 times more sensitive than PE, and it had a higher positive likelihood ratio, lower negative likelihood ratio, and lower false-positive rate than history or PE. The 12-lead ECG interpreted using modern criteria should be considered the best practice in screening athletes for cardiovascular disease, and the use of history and PE alone as screening tools should be reevaluated.
Association between the corrected QT interval, carotid artery intima-media thickness, and hepatic steatosis in obese children; Objective: Childhood obesity is related to subclinical atherosclerosis. Carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) and hepatosteatosis are parameters that reflect subclinical atherosclerosis and are shown to be associated with obesity. However, their relation with the corrected QT interval (QTc) has not been thoroughly studied in children. Here, we aimed to research the relation between QTc, hepatic steatosis, and CIMT among obese children. Methods: Fifty-three obese and 53 age-and sex-matched non-obese children aged 6-16 years were included in this prospective cross-sectional study. The QTc of each subject was accordingly obtained from lead II on a 12-lead resting electrocardiogram. Thus, CIMT measurement and abdominal ultra-sonographic examination were performed. The data for obese and non-obese children were analyzed and compared. Result: The age and gender distribution of the subjects were statistically similar. The CIMT value of the obese group was higher than that of the non-obese group (p< 0.001). The obese group had a higher frequency of hepatosteatosis at grade 1 or 2 than the non-obese group (p< 0.001). The QTc values were also found to be more prolonged in the obese group than in the other group (p<0.001). With Student's t-test and Mann-Whitey U test accordingly. Conclusion: We demonstrated that obese children had higher CIMT and QTc values as well as more frequent hepatosteatosis, and that the presence of hepatosteatosis or increased CIMT had an association with prolonged QTc values in obese children. Therefore, with the aim of detecting cardiovascular effects of obesity, it may be beneficial to perform the measurements of QTc in the presence of hepatosteatosis and/ or increased CIMT among obese children.
Prevalence of symptomatic intracranial aneurysm and ischaemic stroke in pseudoxanthoma elasticum; Background: Pseudoxanthoma elasticum (PXE) is an heritable connective tissue disorder with clinical manifestations of the ocular, dermal, and cardiovascular system. The purpose of this study was to investigate the prevalence of symptomatic intracranial aneurysms (IAs) and ischaemic stroke (IS) in PXE. Methods: The records of 100 patients with PXE were retrieved. All patients were contacted and data on complications were collected. The literature was reviewed regarding PXE, ISs, and IAs. Results: No patient with PXE had a symptomatic IA as presenting symptom. One patient presented with an IS. During follow-up of 94 of the 100 patients (mean followup 17.1 years, range 1-49 years), none presented a symptomatic IA (3,168 retrospective patient observation years and 1,602 prospective patient observation years). Upper gastrointestinal haemorrhage during follow-up occurred in 17 patients, in 1 patient during aspirin use. One patient has IS as presenting symptom and a recurrence during follow-up, and 7 patients had IS during follow-up. All were caused by small-vessel disease. The relative risk of IS in PXE under 65 years compared with the general population was 3.6 (95% confidence interval 3.3-4.0). Conclusions: On the basis of the currently available data, an association between symptomatic IAs and PXE is unlikely. However, the incidence of IS, due to small-vessel disease, was increased. Antiplatelet therapy in patients with PXE may lead to a high incidence of upper gastrointestinal haemorrhages. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Thrombolysis (different doses, routes of administration and agents) for acute ischaemic stroke; Background Stroke is a leading cause of death and disability world wide. Thrombolysis with recombinant tissue plasminogen activator (rt-PA) is licensed for treatment of acute ischaemic stroke in the early hours after symptom onset. It has been shown in randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and the 2009 Cochrane review of thrombolysis for acute ischaemic stroke to reduce dependency but at the increased risk of intracranial haemorrhage. Methods to reduce the risk of haemorrhage while retaining or enhancing the benefit could increase the use of thrombolytic treatment. While most available information comes from RCTs of intravenous rt-PA at 0.9 mg/kg, it is possible that other doses, drugs and other routes of administration might increase benefit and reduce the hazard. Objectives To assess the risks and benefits of different thrombolytic agents, doses and routes of administration for the treatment of acute ischaemic stroke. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Stroke Group Trials Register (May 2012), MEDLINE (1966 to May 2012) and EMBASE (1980 to May 2012). We handsearched journals and conference proceedings, searched ongoing trials registers and contacted pharmaceutical companies and researchers. Selection criteria Unconfounded randomised and quasi-randomised trials of different doses of a thrombolytic agent, or different agents, or the same agent given by different routes, in people with confirmed acute ischaemic stroke. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trial eligibility and quality, and extracted the data using a structured proforma. We crosschecked and resolved discrepancies by discussion to reach consensus. We obtained translations and additional information from study authors where required. Main results We included 20 trials involving 2527 patients. Concealment of allocation was poorly described. Different doses (of tissue plasminogen activator, urokinase, desmoteplase or tenecteplase) were compared in 13 trials (N = 1433 patients). Different agents (tissue plasminogen activator versus urokinase, tissue-cultured urokinase versus conventional urokinase, tenecteplase versus tissue plasminogen activator) were compared in five trials (N = 875 patients). Five trials (N = 485) compared different routes of administration. As some trials compared different agents and different doses, some patients contributed to two analyses. There was an approximately three-fold increase in fatal intracranial haemorrhages in patients allocated to higher than to lower doses of the same thrombolytic drug (odds ratio (OR) 2.71, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.22 to 6.04). There was no difference in the number of patients who were dead or dependent at the end of follow-up between those allocated higher or lower doses of thrombolytic drug (OR 0.86, 95% CI 0.62 to 1.19). Higher versus lower doses of desmoteplase were associated with more deaths at the end of follow-up (OR 3.21, 95% CI 1.23 to 8.39). There was no evidence of any benefit for intra-arterial over intravenous treatment. Authors' conclusions These limited data suggest that higher doses of thrombolytic agents may lead to higher rates of bleeding. However, the evidence is inadequate to conclude whether lower doses of thrombolytic agents are more effective than higher doses, or whether one agent is better than another, or which route of administration is the best, for acute ischaemic stroke. At present, intravenous rt-PA at 0.9mg/kg as licensed in many countries appears to represent best practice and other drugs, doses or routes of administration should only be used in randomised controlled trials.
Epidural Electrical Stimulation for Stroke Rehabilitation: Results of the Prospective, Multicenter, Randomized, Single-Blinded <i>Everest</i> Trial; Background. This prospective, single-blinded, multicenter study assessed the safety and efficacy of electrical epidural motor cortex stimulation (EECS) in improving upper limb motor function of ischemic stroke patients with moderate to moderately severe hemiparesis. Methods. Patients 4 months poststroke were randomized 2:1 to an investigational (n = 104) or control (n = 60) group, respectively. Investigational patients were implanted (n = 94) with an epidural 6-contact lead perpendicular to the primary motor cortex and a pulse generator. Both groups underwent 6 weeks of rehabilitation, but EECS was delivered to investigational patients during rehabilitation. The primary efficacy endpoint (PE) was defined as attaining a minimum improvement of 4.5 points in the upper extremity Fugl-Meyer (UEFM) scale as well as 0.21 points in the Arm Motor Ability Test (AMAT) 4 weeks postrehabilitation. Follow-up assessments were performed 1, 4, 12, and 24 weeks postrehabilitation. Safety was evaluated by monitoring adverse events (AEs) that occurred between enrollment and the end of rehabilitation. Results. Primary intent-to-treat analysis showed no group differences at 4 weeks, with PE being met by 32% and 29% of investigational and control patients, respectively (P = .36). Repeated-measures secondary analyses revealed no significant treatment group differences in mean UEFM or AMAT scores. However, post hoc comparisons showed that a greater proportion of investigational (39%) than control (15%) patients maintained or achieved PE (P = .003) at 24 weeks postrehabilitation. Investigational group mean AMAT scores also improved significantly (P < .05) when compared to the control group at 24 weeks postrehabilitation. Post hoc analyses also showed that 69% (n = 9/13) of the investigational patients who elicited movement thresholds during stimulation testing met PE at 4 weeks, and mean UEFM and AMAT scores was also significantly higher (P < .05) in this subgroup at the 4-, 12-, and 24-week assessments when compared to the control group. Headache (19%), pain (13%), swelling (7%), and infection (7%) were the most commonly observed implant procedure-related AEs. Overall, there were 11 serious AEs in 9 investigational group patients (7 procedure related, 4 anesthesia related). Conclusions. The primary analysis pertaining to efficacy of EECS during upper limb motor rehabilitation in chronic stroke patients was negative at 4 weeks postrehabilitation. A better treatment response was observed in a subset of patients eliciting stimulation induced upper limb movements during motor threshold assessments performed prior to each rehabilitation session. Post hoc comparisons indicated treatment effect differences at 24 weeks, with the control group showing significant decline in the combined primary outcome measure relative to the investigational group. These results have the potential to inform future chronic stroke rehabilitation trial design.
Short- and long-term effect of simvastatin therapy on the heterogeneity of cardiac repolarization in diabetic patients; The interlead variability of QT interval in the 12-lead electrocardiogram, QT dispersion (QTd), has been shown to reflect dispersion of ventricular refractoriness and may provide a measure of arrhythmogenic potential in diabetic patients. QTd and heart rate corrected QTd (QTcd) were also proposed to be accurate predictors of cardiac death in patients with diabetes. In recent years, experimental and clinical evidence demonstrates that statins exert antiarrhythmic properties. Therefore, in the present study, we have examined whether simvastatin treatment has any effect on the QTd and QTcd in patients with diabetes mellitus. Sixty type 2 diabetic patients without known coronary artery disease and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol >100 mg/dl and 30 age and sex-matched non-diabetic controls were included in a prospective study. Out of 60 diabetic patients, 30 were treated with simvastatin 40 mg/day for 1 year and the remaining 30 subjects were served as diabetic controls. No lipid lowering therapy was administered to the diabetic and the non-diabetic controls. QTd and QTcd of treated diabetics and the non-diabetic controls were measured at baseline, 6, 12 weeks and at 1 year. QTd and QTcd of the diabetic controls were obtained at baseline, 6 and 12 weeks. Both QTd and QTcd were significantly greater in patients with the diabetes than in the non-diabetic controls at baseline (52 +/- 13 ms vs. 41 +/- 12 ms, p < 0.001 and 62 +/- 17 ms vs. 42 +/- 11 ms, p < 0.001, respectively). Simvastatin therapy significantly decreased both QTd and QTcd at the end of first year compared to baseline (51 +/- 15 ms vs. 33 +/- 11 ms, p < 0.001 and 60 +/- 18 ms vs. 38 +/- 12 ms, p < 0.001, respectively). No significant change were found in QTd and QTcd in the non-diabetic (p = 0.29 and p = 0.87 by ANOVA, respectively) and in the diabetic controls (p = 0.72 and p = 0.57, by ANOVA, respectively). This study suggests for the first time that simvastatin treatment in diabetic patients with hyperlipidemia is associated with an improvement in the heterogeneity of cardiac repolarization. This may be one of the mechanisms for the reduction in clinical events reported in the survival studies with statins. Further prospective randomized studies are warranted to confirm our findings. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cereal fiber and coronary heart disease: a comparison of modeling approaches for repeated dietary measurements, intermediate outcomes, and long follow-up; The appropriate manner of incorporating incident angina, coronary artery bypass surgery (CABG), percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), diabetes, hypertension, and hypercholesterolemia, which may be both intermediate events and time-dependent confounders, into analyses of diet and coronary heart disease (CHD) is not clear. Using data from 72,266 women in the Nurses' Health Study between 1984 and 2006, the authors examined the relation between report of intermediate events and change in cereal fiber intake and used different proportional hazards models to evaluate the association between cereal fiber and CHD. Cereal fiber intake increased significantly among participants who reported hypercholesterolemia (0.42 g/day; 95% CI: 0.34, 0.51 g/day) and diabetes (0.07 g/day with each additional 2-year increment; 95% CI: 0.01, 0.13 g/day). However, angina, CABG/PCI, and hypertension were not associated with a change in cereal fiber intake and thus were not important time-dependent confounders. Cereal fiber intake was inversely associated with risk of CHD in all proportional hazards models, but results varied modestly depending on the approach used to incorporate multiple measures of diet. Because stopping the updating of dietary variables when an intermediate event is diagnosed may lead to misclassification, future analyses should consider updating diet even after these diagnoses to best represent long-term intake. To best evaluate associations with incidence of disease, considerations should include the temporal trends in diet, changes in intake following intermediate events, and latency patterns. Sensitivity analyses can also be useful.
SERUM-LIPID VARIATIONS IN WOMEN ON COPPER INTRAUTERINE-DEVICES, TRIPHASIC ORAL-CONTRACEPTIVES AND MONTHLY INJECTABLE CONTRACEPTIVES; This is a longitudinal, prospective, comparative controlled study. Patient selection excluded smokers, overweighted, hypertensive, and aged > 34 years. 168 women were distributed by random list into four groups; A) fitted with inert IUD (control); B) with Nova T (Cu-IUD); C) received triphasic gestodene (OC); and D) monthly norethisterone enanthate 50 mg + estradiol valerate 5 mg (injectable). Serum lipid patterns were assessed at the beginning of contraceptive use and at 1, 6 and 12 months. The results of the Cu-IUD group did not show any difference with the control group. The OC group showed an increase of HDL and a significant lowering of LDL cholesterol at 6 months but this reverted by 12 months. On the other hand, in the injectable group, a sharp decrease of total lipids, total cholesterol and LDL was observed from the first month, lasting throughout 12 months, yielding significant difference with controls and also with pre-treatment values. In sum, the monthly injectable showed quite favorable patterns that would deserve further study, especially in view of the scarcity of hitherto available information concerning this formulation.
Cardiovascular effects of I/D angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism in healthy subjects. Findings after follow-up of six years; Background-An increasing number of studies with conflicting results regarding the association between angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) gene deletion polymorphism and cardiovascular disease has recently been published. The present prospective long-term study was conducted to evaluate whether the DD genotype could also be associated with a higher prevalence of hypertension in healthy subjects over 6 years of follow-up. We also investigated the effects of the ACE-I/D genotypes on diastolic function by echocardiography in healthy subjects without any risk factors and any events after 6 years of follow-up. Methods - Population: 684 healthy volunteers (aged 25-55 years) normotensive and free of cardiovascular diseases, with acceptable echocardiographic window were enrolled. All subjects had to have a normal electrocardiogram (ECG) and echocardiogram (ECHO) at entry. All subjects have undergone a complete physical examination, 12-lead ECG and ECHO; DNA analysis and serum cholesterol have been performed on venous blood samples. All subjects underwent a clinical evaluation each year for the 6-year duration of the study. In addition, 275 subjects without any risk factors underwent an ECHO every year of the follow-up, to check the influence of genotypes on myocardial diastolic performances. Results-All 684 subjects completed 6 years of follow-up. We obtained 3 genetically distinct groups: 1) the ACE-DD group (n = 225, 80 F/145 M, mean age 43.4 +/- 7.6 years) with 42 hypertensive subjects (18.3%), 5 heart failure (HF) subjects and 6 subjects with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). There was no association between family history, smoking habit, hypercholesterolaemia and events. 2) the ACE-ID group (n = 335, 116 F/219 M, mean age 43.6 +/- 7 years) with 16 hypertensive subjects (4.7%) and 3 subjects with ACS. 3) the ACE-II group (n = 124,45 F/79 M, mean age 42.5 +/- 6.9 years) with 2 hypertensive subjects (1.6%) and I HF subject. The incidence of hypertension and cardiovascular events, was significantly higher in the ACE-DD (53 cases, 23%) than in the ACE-ID and ACE-II groups (20 and 3 cases, 5.9% and 2.4%, respectively), p = 0.0001. The higher incidence of hypertension was observed in the older age groups (36-45 and 46-55 years) with ACE-DD and ACE-ID genotypes. Moreover,ACE-DD significantly and early affected myocardial diastolic properties in the total group examined, also when stratified for age. There was a reduction of E/A ratio and it was more evident in subjects aged 36-45 and 46-55 years, p = 0.0001. Conclusion - Our data suggest that ACE-DD polymorphism is associated with a higher incidence of hypertension in baseline healthy subjects, irrespective of other risk factors, and appears to affect the diastolic function. These effects were apparent predominantly in the older age groups.
Sequential biventricular pacing: Evaluation of safety and efficacy; The study evaluated the clinical safety, performance, and efficacy of sequential biventricular pacing in the InSync III (Model 8042) biventricular stimulator in a multicenter, prospective 3-month study and assessed the proper functioning of features aiming at improving biventricular AV therapy delivery. The system was successfully implanted in 189 (95.9%) of 198 patients with symptomatic systolic heart failure and a prolonged QRS complex duration. Patients significantly improved their 6-minute hall walk distance (baseline 339 +/- 92 vs 3-month 422 +/- 127 meter, P < 0.001) and NYHA class (baseline 3.1 +/- 0.5 vs 3-month 1.9 +/- 0.7, P < 0.001). Echocardiographic optimization of sequential biventricular pacing showed an improvement in stroke volume compared to simultaneous stimulation (sequential 68 +/- 24 mL vs simultaneous 56 23 mL, P < 0.001) at baseline and at 3 months. In 88% (30/34) of the patients these improvements were seen within a small range of V-V delays of +/-20 ms and in 94% (32/34) within V-V delays of +/-40 ms. In contrast, programming beyond this range reduced stroke volume below that during simultaneous biventricular pacing. The device functioned as expected. LV lead dislodgement was observed in 12 patients and phrenic nerve stimulation required lead repositioning in 2 patients. Eight patients died during the study. Patient survival at 3 and 6 months was 97 +/- 2% and 94 +/- 2%, respectively. Cause of death was cardiac (n = 7), heart failure related (n = 3), arrhythmia related (n = 2), and unknown (n = 2). In conclusion, this sequential biventricular pacemaker was safe and efficacious.
RESULTS OF SCREENING A LARGE GROUP OF INTERCOLLEGIATE COMPETITIVE ATHLETES FOR CARDIOVASCULAR-DISEASE; To determine the feasibility of detecting cardiovascular disease in a large group of young competitive athletes, a prospective screening evaluation of intercollegiate student atheletes was undertaken at the University of Maryland. Initial clinical screening (including personal and family history, physical examination and 12 lead electrocardiogram) was performed in 501 athletes. Ninety of these subjects had positive findings on one or more of the three studies and agreed to further cardiologic  evaluation. The vast majority (75 [84%] of 90) had no definitive evidence of cardiovascular disease, although 1 athlete had mild systemic hypertension and 14 (15%) had echocardiographic evidence of relatively mild mitral valve prolapse that had not been previously suspected. In three athletes with relatively mild ventricular septal hypertrophy (14 to 15 mm), it was not possible to discern with absolute certainty whether the wall thickening was a manifestation of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy or secondary to athletic conditioning ("athlete heart"). Therefore, this screening protocol identified no athletes with definite evidnece of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, Marfan''s syndrome or other cardiovascular diseases that convey a significant potential risk for sudden death or disease progression during athletic activity. This failure to identify such diseases could have been due to a lack of sensitivity of the screening tests or to the low frequency with which these diseases occur in youthful healthy athletes. A systematic preparticipation screening program (such as the present one) does not appear to be an efficient means of detecting clinically important cardiovascular disease in young athletes.
Croatian experience with sibutramine in the treatment of obesity - Multicenter prospective study; Obesity is a chronic disease with a marked impact on health and the prevalence of obesity in Croatia is rapidly rising. Since obesity plays a significant role in the etiology of cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus type 2 and of some cancers, it is an obvious target of public health activities. Weight-reducing drugs, like sibutramine, in combination with diet, exercise and behavioral changes have a role in the management of obesity. Sibutramine acts centrally as a serotonergic and noradrenergic reuptake inhibitor It reduces body weight by enhancing satiety and stimulating thermogenesis. The aim of this multicenter prospective study was to evaluate the efficacy, tolerability and safety profile of sibutramine in the treatment of overweight patients in Croatia. Patients received 10 mg of sibutramine daily for 12 weeks. The main outcome measures were changes in body weight, BMI, waist and hip circumferences, laboratory assessments (serum triglicerida, cholesterol, glucose, HbA(1c)), blood pressure and heart rate profile. Of 461 patients included (Mean BMI = 35.81 +/- 6.48 kg/m mean age = 43.65 +/- 10.90 years), 392 completed the study. Three months of sibutramine treatment lead to a significant reduction in body weight, BMI, waist and hip circumferences and improvement in metabolic parameters. Loss of over 5% of their initial body weight was found in 359 patients (91.58%), while 179 patients (45.66%) achieved weight loss over 10%. A decrease of both systolic (-3.39%) and diastolic (-3.75%) blood pressure was noted, while the pulse rate rose slightly (+0.13%). Adverse events were reported by 124 (26.90%) patients, but they precipitated only 17 (3.69%) withdrawals. Results of our study confirmed that sibutramine is an effective and safe weight-reducing drug.
Clinical trial design for endovascular ischemic stroke intervention; Background: Randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trials have significant impact on clinical practice. The ultimate goal of a clinical trial of therapy for acute ischemic stroke (AIS) is to compare 2 interventions. Challenges may include interventional therapy standardization, enrollment rate, patient selection, biases, data and safety monitoring, reporting, and financial and logistical support. Method: Selected randomized and single-arm prospective AIS trial designs. Clinical trial elements and their challenges are reviewed. Innovative designs and proposed recommendations to overcome some of the specific challenges and limitations are discussed. Results: AIS therapy trials have specific challenges related to ethical issues, enrollment rate, outcome measures, limited time to treatment, efficacy, safety, and limited or variable operator experience with complex technology in a delicate end organ. Proposed suggestions for improving trial design include the following: incorporation of a lead-in phase; careful patient and outcome measure selection; historical, concurrent, or hybrid controls; open data access; and a Bayesian approach. An open data paradigm may facilitate creation of computerized prediction models for future trials (minimizing cost by decreasing sample size or providing futility analyses and directing resources to other trials). Collaborative, consortium, and network infrastructures may allow more effective and efficient study completion. Self-learning, self-correcting trials with intrinsic flexibility to adapt may help future clinical trial design in AIS. Conclusion: The randomized clinical trial design in AIS endovascular therapy is challenging. Lead-in phases, careful patient selection, use of innovative outcome measures, control groups, and newer clinical trial design may enhance conduct of future trials, their validity, and their results. Neurology (R) 2012;79 (Suppl 1):S221-S233
Management of syncope in the Emergency Department; Syncope is a common presenting complaint to the emergency department (ED). Its assessment is difficult. Some serious causes of syncope are transient and patients with a potentially life threatening condition may appear well by the time they reach the ED. Accurate history taking is vital and is often diagnostic whilst identification of a cardiac cause is associated with an increased mortality. This is related to underlying cardiac disease; patients presenting with syncope who have significant cardiac disease should be investigated thoroughly to determine the nature of the underlying heart disease and the cause of syncope. Early work suggested that as many as 30% of patients with cardiac syncope died within one year of presentation. This led to physicians admitting many patients with unexplained syncope however presently there is little evidence that focussed investigation, or even admission leads to an improved prognosis. Studies looking at syncope clinical decision units have though shown these to be of some benefit. Risk stratification studies on syncope in the ED have attempted to help emergency physicians target high-risk patients once those with clearly identifiable conditions have been identified and managed. These clinical decision rules have suffered from poor external validation and in the USA where many of these tools were developed, a universal consensus approach remains lacking. Although no individual tool has yet been successfully implemented into standard practice, as a whole they have probably enabled emergency physicians to become more aware of the risk factors that are likely to lead to poor outcome. it is likely that serious outcome in syncope although significant, is not quite as common as previously thought. Presently the American College of Emergency Physician (ACEP) guidelines are the most useful guidelines written for the emergency physician. With biochemical markers showing some promise, further work may lead to incorporation of these into existing clinical decision rules and guidelines to improve their sensitivity and specificity.
Chronic kidney disease and prevalent atrial fibrillation: The Chronic Renal Insufficiency Cohort (CRIC); Background The epidemiology of atrial fibrillation (AF) has been mainly investigated in patients with end-stage renal disease, with limited data on less advanced chronic kidney disease (CKD) stages. Methods A total of 3,267 adult participants (50% non-Hispanic blacks, 46% women) with CKD from the Chronic Renal Insufficiency Cohort were included in this study. None of the study participants had been on dialysis. Those with self-identified race/ethnicity other than non-Hispanic black or white (n=323) or those without electrocardiographic data (n=22) were excluded. Atrial fibrillation was ascertained by a 12-lead electrocardiogram and self-report. Age-, sex-, and race/ethnicity-specific prevalence rates of AF were estimated and compared between subgroups. Cross-sectional associations and correlates with prevalent AF were examined using unadjusted and multivariable-adjusted logistic regression analysis. Results The mean estimated glomerular filtration rate was 43.6 (+/- 13.0) mL/(min 1.73 m(2)). Atrial fibrillation was present in 18% of the study population and in >25% of those >= 70 years old. In multivariable-adjusted models, 1-SD increase in age (11 years) (odds ratio 1.27, CI 95% 1.13-1.43, P<.0001), female sex (0.80, 0.65-0.98, P=.0303), smoking (former vs never) (1.34, 1.08-1.66, P=.0081), history of heart failure (3.28, 2.47-4.36, P<.001), and history of cardiovascular disease (1.94, 1.56-2.43, P<.0001) were significantly associated with AF. Race/ethnicity, hypertension, diabetes, body mass index, physical activity, education, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, total cholesterol, and alcohol intake were not significantly associated with AF. An estimated glomerular filtration rate <45 mL/(min 1.73 m(2)) was associated with AF in an unadjusted model (1.35, 1.13-1.62, P=.0010), but not after multivariable adjustment (1.12, 0.92-1.35, P=.2710). Conclusions Nearly 1 in 5 participants in Chronic Renal Insufficiency Cohort, a national study of CKD, had evidence of AF at study entry, a prevalence similar to that reported among patients with end-stage renal disease and 2 to 3 times of that reported in the general population. Risk factors for AF in this CKD population do not mirror those reported in the general population. (Am Heart J 2010; 159: 1102-7.)
ELECTROCARDIOGRAPHIC LEFT-VENTRICULAR HYPERTROPHY IN PATIENTS WITH SUSPECTED ACUTE CARDIAC ISCHEMIA - ITS INFLUENCE ON DIAGNOSIS, TRIAGE, AND SHORT-TERM PROGNOSIS - A MULTICENTER STUDY; Objective:  To understand the diagnostic and short-term prognostic significance of electrocardiographic left ventricular hypertrophy (ECG-LVH) for patients who present to the emergency department with symptoms suggesting acute cardiac ischemia, defined as new or unstable angina pectoris or acute myocardial infarction. Design:  Subgroup analysis of a multicenter, prospective study of coronary care unit admitting practices in the prethrombolytic era. Setting:  The emergency departments of six New England hospitals:  two urban medical school teaching hospitals, two medical school-affiliated community hospitals in smaller cities, and tow rural non-teaching hospitals. Patients:  5,768 patients presenting with symptoms suggesting possible acute cardiac ischemia, including 413 patients who had ECG-LVH defined by the Romhilt-Estes point score criteria and 5,355 patients who had other electrocardiogram (ECG) findings. Main results:  Only 26% of the 413 patients who had ECG-LVH were ultimately judged to have had acute cardiac ischemia, compared with 72% of patients who had primary ST-segment and T-wave abnormalities (p < 0.001) and 36% of those who had other ECG abnormalities (p < 0.001).  Overall, the ECG-LVH patients were one-third less likely than the patients who did not have ECG-LVH to have had acute cardiac ischemia, after controlling for other predictors of acute ischemia by logistic regression (relative risk = 0.66, 95% CI 0.46 to 0.94).  The patients who had ECG-LVH were only one-fourth as likely to have had acute myocardial infarctions as were the patients presenting with primary ST-segmnt and T-wave changes (12% vs 48%, p < 0.001).  Instead, a much larger proportion had had congestive heart failure or hypertension.  The admitting physicians had identified ECG-LVH poorly on the admitting ECGs:  only 22% of those who had ECG-LVH had been correctly identified, and for more than 70%, the secondary ST-segment and T-wave changes of ECG-LVH had been read as being primary.  The short-term mortality for the patients who had ECG-LVH was 7.5%.  This was intermediate between the mortality for patients who had primary ST-segment and T-wave abnormalities (10.6%) and those who had other ECG abnormalities (5.1%).  Mortality was not affected by whether the admitting physician had recognized ECG-LVH initially. Conclusion:  ECG-LVH was not a benign ECG finding among the patients who had presented with symptoms suggesting an acute cardiac ischemic syndrome:  short-term mortality among the patients who had ECG-LVH (7.5%) approached that for the patients who had primary ST-segment and T-wave abnormalities (10.6%, p = 0.10).  However, the patients who had ECG-LVH were one-third less likely to have had any acute cardiac ischemia than were the patients who did not have ECG-LVH, after logistic regression was used to control for other predictors of acute ischemia.  Specifically, acute myocardial infarction was only one-fourth as likely when LVH was present on the admitting ECG (12%) as it was when primary ST-segment and T-wave abnormalities were present (48%, p < 0.001).  Instead, congestive heart failure and hypertensive heart disease were more common.  Thus, routine use of thrombolytic therapy for patients who have ECG-LVH does not seem warranted.  ECG-LVH was poorly recognized (in only 22% of cases) by the physicians in the present study.  Better recognition of this common ECG finding may lead to more effective patient management.
Factors enhancing activities of daily living after stroke in specialized rehabilitation: an observational multicenter study within the Sunnaas International Network; BACKGROUND: Stroke may lead to serious, long-term disability. Consequently, many individuals with stroke will be in need of rehabilitation, and some of specialized rehabilitation. The content and organization of rehabilitation vary within and between countries, reflecting the preferences, customs, traditions, and values of a society or community, that may have an impact on outcomes. The main aim of the present study was to evaluate the influence of team models in specialized rehabilitation on outcomes as measured by stroke patients' performance in activities of daily living (ADL), at a standardized time and at discharge in the various specialized rehabilitation clinics. Secondary aims were to identify explanatory factors for possible differences in ADL changes at standardized time points. DESIGN: A prospective descriptive cross-sectional explorative, multicenter study. SETTING: Specialized rehabilitation clinics in Norway, China, the USA, Russia, Israel, Palestine, and Sweden, for a total of nine clinics. POPULATION: Persons with stroke. METHODS: Outcomes measures were the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) and the National Institute of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS), both on admission and at discharge from the inpatient rehabilitation unit, and Barthel Index (BI) or alternatively Functional Independence Measure (FIM), on admittance, 18-22 days into rehabilitation, at discharge, and at 6 and 12 months after discharge. RESULTS: In total 230 stroke patients from nine clinics were recruited. There were significant differences in change scores of ADL from admittance to standardized time point 18-22 days into rehabilitation, (P<0.001, R2=0.19) and when controlled for baseline NIHS and mRS (P<0.001, R2=0.18; P=0.01, R2=0.9 respectively). Analysis divided into intra-, multi- and interdisciplinary models showed significant differences at 18-22 days (P=0.02) and at discharge (P<0.001), indicating a more favorable outcome in ADL with the multi-disciplinary model. The linear regression analysis explained 55% of the changes in ADL (R2=0.55) at the standardized time point and 48% (R2=0.48) at discharge. Main explanatory factors were disability (mRS) and severity (NIHS), team models, hours in therapy, and location at discharge. ADL was maintained for the majority of participants at 6 and 12 months post discharge. The correlations mRS/ADL (r=-0.68, P<0.0001), NIHS/ADL (r=-0.55, P<0.0001) and NIHS/mRS (r=0.46, P<0.0001) disclosed medium to large associations at 18-22 days into rehabilitation. CONCLUSIONS: The study indicates that the organization of services in specialized rehabilitation after stroke has a major impact on improvement of ADL outcomes. Main positive predictive factors were models of teamwork, with the multidisciplinary model as most beneficial, and concentrated hours of therapy. Negative predictors were the level of baseline severity and disability post stroke.
Metalloproteinase-2 and-9 in giant cell arteritis -: Involvement in vascular remodeling; Background - Both matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP-2) and - 9 (MMP-9) have been postulated to play roles in the pathophysiology of giant cell arteritis (GCA) because of their ability to degrade elastin. Understanding the specific mediators of arterial damage in GCA could lead to new therapeutic targets in this disease. Methods and Results - Temporal artery biopsy specimens were obtained from 147 consecutive patients suspected of GCA. Clinical and histopathological data were collected according to protocol. Using immunohistochemistry, we compared the expression of MMP-2 and MMP-9 in the temporal artery biopsies of both GCA cases (n = 50) and controls (n = 97). MMP-9 was found more frequently in positive than in negative temporal artery biopsies ( adjusted odds ratio [ OR], 3.20; P = 0.01). In contrast, the frequency of MMP-2 was not significantly different between positive and negative biopsies ( adjusted OR, 2.18; P = 0.22). Both MMP-2 and MMP-9 were found in macrophages and giant cells near the internal elastic lamina and in smooth muscle cells and myofibroblasts of the media and intima. MMP-9 was also found in the vasa vasorum. MMP-9 but not MMP-2 was associated with internal elastic lamina degeneration, intimal hyperplasia, and luminal narrowing, even after adjustment for possible confounding variables. Conclusions - MMP-9 appears more likely than MMP-2 to be involved in the pathophysiology of GCA. MMP-9 not only participates in the degradation of elastic tissue but also is associated with intimal hyperplasia, subsequent luminal narrowing, and neoangiogenesis. The expression of MMP by smooth muscle cells implicates these cells as potential secretory cells in GCA.
Sports requiring stressful physical exertion cause abnormalities in plasma lipid profile; Objectives. To study the effect of different types of sports on plasma lipid profile. Subjects and method. Fasting plasma levels of total, LDL- and HDL-cholesterol (TC, LDLc, HDLc), triglycerides, phospholipids, apo A-I, apo B-100, and Lp(a) were measured in 28 swimmers, 17 volleyball players and 23 soccer players, and in a control group. All subjects participated in official national competitions except the control group. The results were compared to those in a control group of 26 healthy sedentary subjects. All groups were matched according to age, body mass index and nutritional status. Cutoff points to classify subjects with high plasma concentrations of Lp(a) and LDLc were 32 mg/dL and 128 mg/dL, respectively. For other variables the cutoff points were the third quartile values recorded in the control group, except for apo A-I and HDLc, for which we used the first quartile values. Results. Persons who practice sports involving a high level of physical exertion (volleyball and soccer players) had a less favorable lipid profile compared to control subjects. In contrast, swimmers had a more favorable lipid profile. The odds ratio for lipid profile anomalies was significantly higher in volleyball and soccer players, and lower in swimmers. In the former two groups we observed a clear tendency toward simultaneous elevations in LDLc, apo B-100 and Lp(a). In contrast, the opposite interaction was seen in swimmers, who had lower values for all lipids. Conclusion. Our results show that stressful physical exertion can lead to abnormalities in plasma lipid profile.
Angioscopic evaluation of rotational atherectomy followed by additional balloon angioplasty versus balloon angioplasty alone in coronary artery disease: A prospective, randomized study; Objectives. This study sought to compare, by angioscopy, the morphologic changes induced by rotational atherectomy, followed by additional angioplasty, with those observed after balloon angioplasty alone. Background. Rotational atherectomy and balloon angioplasty act by different mechanisms, which could explain the difference in morphologic changes induced by these two techniques. Methods. The study group included 50 patients with 50 lesions who were randomly assigned to undergo rotational atherectomy (n = 24) or balloon angioplasty (n = 26). Rotational atherectomy with a single burr (similar or equal to 70% of coronary diameter) was systematically followed by additional balloon angioplasty. Angioscopy was performed immediately after the procedure. Abnormal angioscopic findings were 1) flaps, graded from 1 to 3 (1 = intimal flap; 2 = flap protruding into <50% of the lumen; 3 = flap protruding into greater than or equal to 50% of the lumen); 2) thrombi, graded from 1 to 3 (1 = flat deposits; 2 = protruding but nonocclusive thrombus; 3 = occlusive thrombus); 3) subintimal hemorrhage; 4) longitudinal dissection. The two groups were comparable for clinical and angiographic baseline data. Results. On angioscopy, flaps were observed less frequently after rotational atherectomy followed by additional balloon angioplasty (8 [33%] of 24 lesions) than after balloon angioplasty alone (14 [54%] of 26 lesions, p = 0.08) and were also less severe (grade 1 in 6 lesions, grade 2 in 2 and grade 3 in none vs. grade 1 in 4 lesions, grade 2 in 5 and grade 3 in 5). Longitudinal dissections were also significantly less frequent: one versus six (p = 0.05). There was no difference in the incidence of angioscopic thrombi (p = 0.16) or subintimal hemorrhage (p = 0.15), but the power to detect a significant difference was low for these variables (37% and 26%, respectively). Conclusions. Rotational atherectomy followed by additional balloon angioplasty leads to fewer angioscopic dissections and a trend toward fewer intimal flaps than balloon angioplasty alone. However, our angioscopic differences did not lead to an outcome difference between the two groups. (C) 1997 by the American College of Cardiology.
Identification of 108 SNPs in <i>TSC</i>, <i>WNK1</i>, and <i>WNK4</i> and their association with hypertension in a Japanese general population; The deletion of thiazide-sensitive Na-Cl cotransporter (TSC, SLC12A3) causes Gitelman's syndrome characterized by low blood pressure, while deletions of the WNK1 (PRKWNK1) and WNK4 (PRKWINK4) genes cause familial hypertension known as pseudohypoaldosteronism type II. Recent studies have revealed that cell surface expression of TSC is regulated by WNK1 and WNK4. We hypothesized that molecular variations in TSC, WNK1, and WNK4 could lead to all increased morbidity of hypertension. We identified 52, 35, and 21 polymorphisms in Japanese hypertensives by sequencing the entire coding regions of TSC, WNK1 and WNK4, respectively. Twenty-one representative polymorphisms were genotyped in 1,818 Japanese individuals (771 Subjects with hypertension and 1,047 controls) randomly sampled in Suita city. The results indicated that the systolic blood pressure in men with the CT+TT genotype in WNK4 C14717T was 3.1 mmHg, higher than those with the CC genotype (p =0.042) after adjustment with confounding factors such as age, BMI, hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus, antihypertensive drug use, smoking, and drinking. Multivariate logistic regression analysis (with adjustment for the same parameters) in men revealed that the odds ratio for the presence of hypertension of the CT+TT genotype in C14717T to the CC genotype was 1.62 (p = 0.010, 95% confidence interval, 1.12-2.33). Association of TSC and WNK1 with hypertension was not observed. In conclusion, Our Study Suggests the possible involvement or WNK4 in essential hypertension in a Japanese general population.
CLINICAL-EXPERIENCE WITH A NEW CARDIOVERTER-DEFIBRILLATOR CAPABLE OF BIPHASIC WAVE-FORM PULSE AND ENHANCED DATA-STORAGE - RESULTS OF A PROSPECTIVE MULTICENTER STUDY; A recently introduced cardioverter defibrillator was implanted in 162 patients with refractory ventricular tachyarrhythmias and/or aborted sudden cardiac death. The new device is capable of delivering monophasic and biphasic defibrillation waveform pulses, arrhythmia detection, and therapy in two independently programmable zones, antibradycardia and postshock pacing. Additionally, the device provides enhanced data logs by storing intracardiac ''far-field'' electrograms of spontaneous arrhythmic episodes. One hundred sixty-two patients (mean age 55.5 years; mean left ventricular ejection fraction 36%) were enrolled in this multicenter investigation; coronary artery disease was the primary cardiac disease in 63.6% of the patients, idiopathic cardiomyopathy in 23.8%. Ventricular fibrillation was present in 49.7% of the patients; 29.3% of the patients experienced ventricular fibrillation and ventricular tachycardia; monomorphic ventricular tachycardia alone was present in 19.1% of the patients. In 26 patients the device was implanted with standard epicardial defibrillation leads (mean defibrillation threshold 11.5 +/- 3.7 J). One hundred thirty-nine patients underwent testing for implantation of a nonthoracotomy system and in 136 (98%), a nonthoracotomy system could be implanted. Defibrillation thresholds with a biphasic waveform (mean 10.2 +/- 4.3 J) were lower than with a monophasic waveform (mean 17.4 +/- 5.7 J). Two patients (1.2%) died perioperatively (< 30 days). During study time period follow-up, there were 338 device discharges in 49 patients. Analysis of stored electrograms classified 25% of discharges as inappropriate and due to supraventricular tachyarrhythmias. At a mean follow-up of 10.8 months, cumulative survival from sudden cardiac death was 98.8%, and survival from all-cause mortality was 96.3%. This study demonstates the effectiveness of a new implantable cardioverter defibrillator in preventing arrhythmic death and the superior defibrillation efficacy of biphasic waveform pulses, which results in a higher implantation rate of nonthoracotomy systems, as well as the accurate arrhythmia classification made possible by the stored electrograms.
Intraindividual comparison of two extracorporeal LDL apheresis methods: Lipidfiltration and HELP; Low density lipoprotein (LDL) apheresis is an effective treatment option for patients with severe hypercholesterolemia not adequately responding to diet and drug therapy. Membrane differential filtration (MDF), synonymous with double filtration plasmapheresis (DFPP), here named Lipidfiltration, and heparin-induced extracorporeal LDL-precipitation (HELP) are two of the five methods available for extracorporeal LDL apheresis. In this prospective investigation 6 patients with severe LDL-hypercholesterolemia and CAD were treated in a cross-over design with Lipidfiltration at two stages of technical development and HELP to compare the efficacy of these two LDL apheresis methods with respect to lowering and modifying plasma lipids and rheologically relevant plasma proteins, especially fibrinogen. In total, 44 LDL apheresis sessions were investigated. In weekly intervals, patients were treated with consecutive LDL apheresis sessions with either Lipidfiltration and HELP, treating identical plasma volumes. In one part of the investigation Lipidfiltration was performed with the novel Lipidfilter EC-50, combined with a newly developed blood and plasma therapy machine allowing optimized plasma heating. The results showed that the reduction rates of LDL-cholesterol, lipoprotein(a) and triglycerides were essentially identical for both methods. Also pretreatment levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL-cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol were not significantly different in both treatment groups. Both methods lead to a significant reduction of serum lipoproteins, especially for LDL-cholesterol, which was decreased by 61.4% with Lipidfiltration (treated plasma volume: 2998 ml) and 61.3% with HELP (treated plasma volume: 3013 ml). With respect to Lipidfiltration LDL-cholesterol reduction was more efficient with the novel Lipidfilter EC-50. Mean pretreatment HDL cholesterol concentrations remained unchanged. Comparing Cascadeflo AC-1770 with the novel Lipidfilter EC-50 reduction rates of HDL-cholesterol (17.4% versus 6.4%) and total protein (17.9% versus 7.8%) were significantly reduced. Lipidfiltration and HELP both resulted in a reduction of plasma viscosity and hemorheologically relevant plasma proteins, like fibrinogen.
Identification of a Shared Genetic Susceptibility Locus for Coronary Heart Disease and Periodontitis; Recent studies indicate a mutual epidemiological relationship between coronary heart disease (CHD) and periodontitis. Both diseases are associated with similar risk factors and are characterized by a chronic inflammatory process. In a candidate-gene association study, we identify an association of a genetic susceptibility locus shared by both diseases. We confirm the known association of two neighboring linkage disequilibrium regions on human chromosome 9p21.3 with CHD and show the additional strong association of these loci with the risk of aggressive periodontitis. For the lead SNP of the main associated linkage disequilibrium region, rs1333048, the odds ratio of the autosomal-recessive mode of inheritance is 1.99 (95% confidence interval 1.33-2.94; P= 6.9 x 10(-4)) for generalized aggressive periodontitis, and 1.72 (1.06-2.76; P = 2.6x10(-2)) for localized aggressive periodontitis. The two associated linkage disequilibrium regions map to the sequence of the large antisense noncoding RNA ANRIL, which partly overlaps regulatory and coding sequences of CDKN2A/CDKN2B. A closely located diabetes-associated variant was independent of the CHD and periodontitis risk haplotypes. Our study demonstrates that CHD and periodontitis are genetically related by at least one susceptibility locus, which is possibly involved in ANRIL activity and independent of diabetes associated risk variants within this region. Elucidation of the interplay of ANRIL transcript variants and their involvement in increased susceptibility to the interactive diseases CHD and periodontitis promises new insight into the underlying shared pathogenic mechanisms of these complex common diseases.
Atrial Fibrillation and Dementia: Results from the Sao Paulo Ageing & Health Study; Background: Atrial fibrillation (AF) is a controversial risk factor for dementia. Objective: The objective of this study was to assess the association between AF and dementia in the "Sao Paulo Ageing & Health" (SPAH) study participants. Methods: SPAH is a cross-sectional, population-based study of elderly people living in a deprived neighborhood in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Dementia diagnosis was performed according to the 10/66 study group protocol based on Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-IV) criteria. Diagnosis of AF was made using a 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) recording, which was assessed by two cardiologists. Data on demographics and cardiovascular risk factors were also obtained. Results: Dementia was diagnosed in 66 (4.3%) and AF in 36 (2.4%) of 1,524 participants with a valid ECG. The crude odds ratio (OR) for dementia in participants with AF was 2.8 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.0-8.1; p=0.06) compared with individuals without AF. When analyzing data according to sex, a positive relationship was found in women (OR 4.2; 95% CI: 1.24-15.1; p=0.03). After age-adjustment, however, this association was no longer significant (OR 2.2; 95% CI: 0.6-8.9; p=0.26). Conclusion: There was no independent association between AF and dementia in this sample. The prevalence of AF may be low in this population owing to premature cardiovascular death. (Arq Bras Cardiol 2012;99(6):1108-1114)
Extent of regression dilution for established and novel coronary risk factors: Results from the British Regional Heart Study; Background Imprecision in measurement of risk factors leads to underestimation of associations with disease outcomes (through regression dilution bias). We examine the extent of this bias for established and novel risk factors for coronary heart disease (CHD) and consider the consequences for CHD prevention. Design Prospective cardiovascular study of middle-aged British men followed up over 20 years. Methods Repeated measurements of blood lipids, blood pressure and insulin were available at intervals of 1 week, 4, 16 and 20 years; repeated measurements of homocysteine and haemostatic factors were available over 1 week and 4 years. Results The use of single baseline measures of both established and novel risk factors in analysis results in marked underestimation of risk associations, increasing over time. The use of a single baseline measurement of total cholesterol results in a 47% (95% confidence interval 44 to 50%) underestimation of its association with CHD risk during the third decade of follow-up; for diastolic blood pressure the corresponding underestimation is 76% (95% confidence interval 73 to 78%). Ignoring the consequences of regression dilution can also lead to error in the assessment of other risk markers, even those measured precisely. Conclusions The importance of risk factors for CHD can be greatly underestimated by using a single baseline measure in prospective study analyses. Studies that wish to estimate associations between disease risk and usual exposure levels need to take regression dilution effects into account. Failure to do so can lead to serious misinterpretation of the importance of CHD risk factors. Eur J Cardiovasc Prevention Rehab 11:125-134 (C) 2004 The European Society of Cardiology.
Chronic Renal Ischemia in Humans: Can Cell Therapy Repair the Kidney in Occlusive Renovascular Disease?; Occlusive renovascular disease caused by atherosclerotic renal artery stenosis (ARAS) elicits complex biological responses that eventually lead to loss of kidney function. Recent studies indicate a complex interplay of oxidative stress, endothelial dysfunction, and activation of fibrogenic and inflammatory cytokines as a result of atherosclerosis, hypoxia, and renal hypoperfusion in this disorder. Human studies emphasize the limits of the kidney adaptation to reduced blood flow, eventually leading to renal hypoxia with activation of inflammatory and fibrogenic pathways. Several randomized prospective clinical trials show that stent revascularization alone in patients with atherosclerotic renal artery stenosis provides little additional benefit to medical therapy once these processes have developed and solidified. Experimental data now support developing adjunctive cell-based measures to support angiogenesis and anti-inflammatory renal repair mechanisms. These data encourage the study of endothelial progenitor cells and/or mesenchymal stem/stromal cells for the repair of damaged kidney tissue.
RENAL PROTECTION BY CALCIUM-CHANNEL BLOCKERS; Renal protection by calcium channel blockers. Within the last decade significant progress was made in the treatment of hypertension, especially with the inclusion of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors and calcium channel blockers - the latter had already been used since the mid 60's to treat coronary heart disease and arrhythmias - into the antihypertensive drug regimen. At present, pathophysiologic considerations regarding hypertensive renal disease, diabetic nephropathy, and the progression of renal failure in patients with primary renal disease center on intrarenal hemodynamic changes as an initial event for glomerular injury. Thus, increased glomerular capillary hydraulic pressure raises capillary wall tension and causes hyperfiltration, which may result in glomerular hypertrophy and eventually lead to glomerulosclerosis. Therefore, antihypertensive agents are studied for their potential to prevent or to reverse these glomerular alterations. Characteristics of calcium channel blockers include a specific intrarenal hemodynamic profile, antiproliferative and antiatherosclerotic properties as well as protection from hypoxic renal injury. They may all contribute to their potential nephroprotective action which must, however, await further confirmation in hypertensive patients by prospective long-term clinical trials.
Levels of matrix metalloproteinases-8 and-9 with simultaneous presence of periodontal pathogens in gingival crevicular fluid as well as matrix metalloproteinase-9 and cholesterol in blood; Background and Objective: To investigate the levels of matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) -8 and -9 with the simultaneous presence of periodontal pathogens in gingival crevicular fluid (GCF) as well as MMP-9 and cholesterol in blood. Although bacterial pathogens are required to initiate the periodontal disease process, in some individuals the reaction to bacteria may lead to an excessive host response, resulting in a general inflammatory response. Methods: MMP-9 and lipids were analyzed from the blood samples of 33 subjects with a 16-year history and oral health records of periodontal disease as well as from 31 periodontally healthy controls. Information was obtained on education, body mass index, and family history of atherosclerosis. GCF was taken to determine MMP-8 and MMP-9 levels, and bacterial samples were simultaneously collected for polymerase chain reaction assessment of Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans, Porphyromonas gingivalis, Prevotella intermedia, Prevotella nigrescens, Tannerella forsythia, and Treponema denticola. Analysis of variance, chi-squared test, and multiple logistic regression analysis were used to analyze the results. Results: Demographic data showed significant differences between patients and controls in smoking (P < 0.01), body mass index (P < 0.05), family history of atherosclerotic disease (P < 0.01), and education (P < 0.01). Significant differences were also observed in oral health data, in the detection of P. gingivalis (P < 0.001), P. intermedia (P < 0.01), P nigrescens (P < 0.001), and T. forsythia (P < 0.001) and in the levels of MMP-8 and MMP-9 in GCF between patients and controls. T. forsythia[odds ratio(OR) 10.1; P = 0.001] and age (OR 5.54; P = 0.008) appeared to be the main independent predictors for high MMP-8 in GCF. Patients had significantly higher total cholesterol (P < 0.01), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P = 0.05), and triglycerides (P < = 0.01) than controls. Plasma levels of MMP-9 were significantly higher in patients than in controls (P = 0.001). Conclusions: Specific periodontal microorganisms appeared to induce host response, with increased release of MMP-8 and MMP-9 in gingival pockets as well as of MMP-9 in plasma, possibly triggering its up-regulation in blood.
Is treatment of atrial fibrillation in primary care based on thromboembolic risk assessment?; Background. Antithrombotic treatment in atrial fibrillation should be guided by the risk of thromboembolic events. Although practice studies have shown underutilization of antithrombotics, it is not clear whether physicians make use of thromboembolic risk stratification in their treatment decisions, as recommended in current guidelines. Objective. The aim of the present study was to assess which clinical determinants influence coumarin and aspirin prescription in patients with atrial fibrillation in primary care. Methods. In a cross-sectional study of 15 computerized general practices covering 38 000 patients in The Netherlands, we identified patients with atrial fibrillation using several search algorithms. Determinants of antithrombotic therapy were assessed using polytomous logistic regression analysis. Results. A total of 247 patients with atrial fibrillation were identified among 10 335 patients aged 55 years or over (prevalence 2.4%). Mean age was 77 years (range 55-95); 51% were male. Overall, 52% of the patients Used coumarin and 27% used aspirin. About 50% of patients were also treated by a cardiologist. Referred patients were prescribed coumarin more often (63% versus 35%, P < 0.001). Prior stroke/transient ischaemic attack or systemic embolism [adjusted odds ratio (OR) 5.3, 95% confidence interval (Cl) 1.1-24.81, and chronic heart failure (adjusted OR 2.1, 95% Cl 0.8-5.1) were independent determinants for coumarin prescription. These associations were less strong for aspirin prescription. However, other established risk factors for future thromboembolic events, such as hypertension and diabetes mellitus, did not lead to higher prescription rates. In contrast, several factors not associated with thromboembolic events, such as chronic (versus paroxysmal) atrial fibrillation (adjusted OR 3.7, 95% Cl 1.7-8.2) and long-standing (versus recent) diagnosis (adjusted OR 2.2, 95% Cl 1.1-4.5), were also associated with higher coumarin prescription. Conclusion. These results illustrate that physicians' decisions about initiating antithrombotic therapy in atrial fibrillation are not evidence based. They are guided partly by thromboembolic risk stratification, but also by factors insignificant for thromboembolic risk.
Reversal of adverse hemodynamic effects of pneumoperitoneum by pressure equilibration; Hypothesis: The creation of positive-pressure pneumoperitoneum during laparoscopic operations can lead to adverse hemodynamic changes, mainly decreased cardiac output. We hypothesized that pneumatic compression sleeves worn on the legs during pneumoperitoneum could abolish the pressure gradient between the abdominal cavity and the legs and so eliminate these adverse hemodynamic changes. Design: Prospective, randomized, controlled clinical trial with an additional calibration group. Setting: A regional referral center. Patients: Forty-five consecutive patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy who developed hemodynamic changes on induction of positive-pressure pneumoperitoneum were randomized to 3 groups. Interventions: Low-pressure, nonsequential pneumatic compression sleeves, wrapped around the legs, were used to equilibrate the pressure gradient in the study group and to gradually exceed it in the calibration group. In the control group, no sleeves were used. Main Outcome Measures: Transesophageal Doppler cardiac output, stroke volume, and systemic vascular resistance were monitored noninvasively. Results: The creation of positive-pressure pneumoperitoneum caused a significant decrease of cardiac output and stroke volume and increased systemic vascular resistance. In the experimental groups of patients, pressurizing the sleeves to the pneumoperitoneal pressure caused a significant increase of cardiac output (from 4.82 to 6.74 L/min), increased stroke volume, and decreased systemic vascular resistance (P<.001). This was not seen in the control group. Additional gradual pressure increase in the sleeves of the calibration group produced no further improvement. Releasing the pressure abolished the hemodynamic advantages. Conclusions: Applying pressure on the legs equivalent to the positive-pressure pneumoperitoneum improves hemodynamic performance during pneumoperitoneum by nullifying the pressure gradient that is responsible for the adverse consequences. This might be of major practical value, especially for cardiac patients undergoing prolonged laparoscopic operations.
Clinical Characteristics of Transient Ischemic Attack Patients with Atrial Fibrillation: Analyses of a Multicenter Retrospective Study; Background: Atrial fibrillation (AF) is an important risk factor for transient ischemic attack (TIA). However, little is known about the characteristics of TIA patients with AF. This study investigated the characteristics of such patients, using data from a retrospective, observational, multicenter study. Methods: TIA patients admitted to 13 stroke centers in Japan within 7 days of onset between January 2008 and December 2009 were included. The present analyses compared baseline characteristics, clinical symptoms, findings from diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI), and clinical outcomes between patients with and without AF (AF and non-AF groups). Results: A total of 464 patients (292 men; mean age 68.5 +/- 13.2 years) were registered. Of these, 79 patients (17%) had AF. Patients in the AF group were older (73.9 +/- 9.1 vs. 67.4 +/- 13.6 years, p < 0.001) and more likely to show disturbance of consciousness (13 vs. 6%, p = 0.046) and aphasia (9 vs. 3%, p = 0.007) than patients in the non-AF group. Although no difference in the overall DWI-positive rate was seen between the groups (28 vs. 20%, p = 0.102), a single lesion (23 vs. 10%, p < 0.001), a lesion >= 15 mm (11 vs. 4%, p = 0.006), and a single lesion >= 15 mm (11 vs. 2%, p < 0.001) on DWI were more frequent in the AF group. Multivariate logistic regression analysis identified increased age [odds ratio (OR) 1.04; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.02-1.07] and DWI single lesion >= 15 mm (OR 5.67; 95% CI 1.92-16.7) as independently associated with the presence of AF. Conclusions: In this study, 17% of our TIA patients had AF. We found an association between the acute ischemic lesion pattern on DWI of a single lesion >= 15 mm and AF in TIA patients. These results might lead to a better diagnosis of TIA patients with AF. (C) 2015 S. Karger AG, Basel
The silent and apparent neurological injury in transcatheter aortic valve implantation study (SANITY): concept, design and rationale; Background: The incidence of clinically apparent stroke in transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI) exceeds that of any other procedure performed by interventional cardiologists and, in the index admission, occurs more than twice as frequently with TAVI than with surgical aortic valve replacement (SAVR). However, this represents only a small component of the vast burden of neurological injury that occurs during TAVI, with recent evidence suggesting that many strokes are clinically silent or only subtly apparent. Additionally, insult may manifest as slight neurocognitive dysfunction rather than overt neurological deficits. Characterisation of the incidence and underlying aetiology of these neurological events may lead to identification of currently unrecognised neuroprotective strategies. Methods: The Silent and Apparent Neurological Injury in TAVI (SANITY) Study is a prospective, multicentre, observational study comparing the incidence of neurological injury after TAVI versus SAVR. It introduces an intensive, standardised, formal neurologic and neurocognitive disease assessment for all aortic valve recipients, regardless of intervention (SAVR, TAVI), valve-type (bioprosthetic, Edwards SAPIEN-XT) or access route (sternotomy, transfemoral, transapical or transaortic). Comprehensive monitoring of neurological insult will also be recorded to more fully define and compare the neurological burden of the procedures and identify targets for harm minimisation strategies. Discussion: The SANITY study undertakes the most rigorous assessment of neurological injury reported in the literature to date. It attempts to accurately characterise the insult and sustained injury associated with both TAVI and SAVR in an attempt to advance understanding of this complication and associations thus allowing for improved patient selection and procedural modification.
Effect of essential hypertension on QTc dispersion in patients with intracerebral haemorrhage; Aim: To investigate the effects of essential hypertension on QTc dispersion (QTcd) in patients with intracerebral haematoma (ICH) Materials and methods: This prospective study included adult patients presenting with acute ICH within the first 24 h of ictus to the Emergency Department (ED). On admission, following the first clinical assessment of patients, a complete 12-lead ECG and non-contrast computed tomography (CT) were obtained from each patient Then, the patients were divided into 2 subgroups according to the presence of hypertension history. The patient groups were compared to each other as well as the control group for QTcd Results: The study groups consisted of 47 hypertensive (group 1) without evidence of left ventricular hypertrophy and 30 non-hypertensive patients (group 2). Forthy two subjects served as control. While in the hypertensive patient group mean QTcd was 49 36 +/- 20 ms, in the non-hypertensive group, it was 48.00 +/- 19 ms (P > 0 05) Conclusion: In the present study, although QTcd was higher in the group 1 compared to group 2, this difference was not statistically significant. Thus, systemic hypertension does not seem to have a great effect on post-stroke QTcd in ICH patients
POSSIBLE EFFECT OF THE GROUND ALTITUDE ON THE LIGHTNING STRIKING DISTANCE; A simple self-consistent propagation model of bi- directional leader with a streamer zone in front of the lead tip was developed. The model enables the calculation of leader channel parameters, such as leader charge density, leader current, leader potential, and lightning striking distance to flat ground. According to the leader potential concept recently proposed by Mazur and Ruhnke, the lightning striking distance is directly related to the critical electric field in the negative streamer zone in front of the leader tip and to the leader potential. The former is apparently dependent on the ground altitude above sea level and the laUer may aiso affected by it. Based on the Mazur's leader potential concept and this leader model, the effect of regional ground altitude on lightning striking distance was investigated. The result shows that the striking distance increases significantly as the ground altitude increases. This is mainly due to that the critical electric field necessary for sustaining the negative streamer zone decreases as the ground altitude increases. It also shows that the leader potential and the total charge transferred by the return stroke are ground altitude dependent. This means that the relationship of the striking distance versus the prospective return stroke peak current is also the ground altitude dependent. The result is useful to both physical and engineering applications.
Does the Motor Level of the Paretic Extremities Affect Balance in Poststroke Subjects?; Background. Poststroke impairment may lead to fall and unsafe functional performance. The underlying mechanism for the balance dysfunction is unclear. Objective. To analyze the relation between the motor level of the affected limbs and balance in poststroke subjects. Method. A prospective, cross- sectional, and nonexperimental design was conducted in a rehabilitation institute. A convenience sample of 44 patients was assessed for motor level using Brunnstrom recovery stage (BRS) and FuglMeyer Assessment: upper FMA-UE) and lower extremities (FMA-LE). The balance was measured by Berg Balance Scale (BBS), Postural Assessment Scale for Stroke Patients (PASS), and Functional Reach Test ( FRT). Results. BRS showed moderate correlation with BBS (rho = 0.54 to 0.60; P < 0.001), PASS (rho = 0.48 to 0.64; P < 0.001) and FRT (r = 0.48 to 0.59; P < 0.001). FMA-UE also exhibited moderate correlation with BBS (rho = 0.59; P < 0.001) and PASS (rho = 0.60;P < 0.001). FMA-LE showed fair correlation with BBS (rho = 0.50; P = 0.001) and PASS (rho = 0.50; P = 0.001). Conclusion. Motor control of the affected limbs plays an important role in balance. There is a moderate relation between the motor level of the upper and lower extremities and balance. The findings of the present study may be applied in poststroke rehabilitation.
Cerebrovascular Complications in Pregnancy and Puerperium; Objectives The aim of this study was to analyze the incidence, possible etiological factors, pathology, clinical manifestations, brain CT scan features, treatment, and prognosis of cerebrovascular complications occurring in pregnancy and puerperium. Methodology This is a prospective analytical study conducted at the Govt. Hospital for women and children, Chennai, from January 2006 to February 2008. During the above period, 26 women were diagnosed with various cerebrovascular complications. In these patients, the clinical data, risk factors, neurological features, investigations, results, and neuroimaging reports were analyzed. Results The incidence of cerebrovascular complications in this study was 66 per 100,000 deliveries. None had prior history of diabetes, hypertension, renal disease, or seizure disorder. Two women were suffering from cardiac disease. PET and eclampsia were seen in 19/26 (73 %) cases. Seven women were suffering from anemia and one with severe sepsis. The neurological complications manifested predominantly in the postpartum period. Cases presented with hemiplegia/facial palsy and aphasia. CT scan imaging showed intracerebral hemorrhage in four cases, cerebral infarcts in five cases, and cortical vein thrombosis in 16 cases. There were five maternal deaths in this study. Conclusion Stroke occurring in pregnancy, though rare, is a serious complication which can lead to maternal death. In this study, hypertension has emerged as an important risk factor; therefore, attention should be focussed on maintaining normotension in the peripartum period.
INTRAOPERATIVE ASSESSMENT OF CAROTID ENDARTERECTOMY - A COMPARISON OF TECHNIQUES; Routine intraoperative imaging of the carotid artery following carotid endarterectomy can detect defects at the site of endarterectomy that may lead to neurologic morbidity. A number of methods have been used to evaluate the completed endarterectomy. In this prospective study we compared subjective methods of assessment (hand-held, continuous-wave Doppler imaging with audible interpretation of signals) and objective methods of assessment (duplex ultrasonography with color flow and digital subtraction arteriography) with respect to their ability to detect operative abnormalities. Fifty-three carotid endarterectomies were evaluated by means of all methods of assessment. Six patients had significant abnormalities in which the vessel was reopened and the abnormality confirmed. The sensitivity and specificity for detecting abnormalities for each method are, respectively: duplex ultrasonography with color flow, 100% and 100%; digital subtraction arteriography, 66% and 95.7%; and continuous-wave Doppler imaging with audible interpretation of signals, 16% and 97.8%. There was one (1.8%) operative carotid neurologic complication during the postoperative period and follow-up (stroke due to vein patch rupture on postoperative day 2). These data suggest that an objective rather than a subjective method of assessing carotid endarterectomy is more useful in detecting operative abnormalities and that duplex ultrasonography with color flow is as useful as digital subtraction arteriography.
Validation of FLAIR Hyperintense Lesions as Imaging Biomarkers to Predict the Outcome of Acute Stroke after Intra-Arterial Thrombolysis following Intravenous Tissue Plasminogen Activator; Background: Intravenous tissue plasminogen activator ( tPA) given within 4.5 h of symptom onset is accepted as the standard treatment of ischemic stroke. Persistent occlusion of cerebral arteries despite intravenous thrombolysis and unremitting neurologic deficits lead us to consider additional intra- arterial approaches. The aim of this study was to elucidate the potential of fluid- attenuated inversion recovery ( FLAIR) MRI performed during or immediately after intravenous thrombolysis for predicting clinical outcomes of subsequent intra- arterial thrombolysis. Methods: With a prospective stroke registry database of patients hospitalized in our institution from January 2004 to February 2010, we identified ischemic stroke patients with the following conditions: (1) presentation within 2.5 h of onset, (2) treated with intravenous tPA based on brain CT, (3) persistent occlusion on subsequent MRI/MR angiography, including a FLAIR sequence, and (4) eventually treated with intra- arterial thrombolysis. Demographic, clinical and laboratory findings including initial National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS), follow- up NIHSS at the 7th day or discharge, modified Rankin scale (mRS) score at 3 months, and symptomatic hemorrhagic transformation were captured. FLAIR images were reviewed by 2 investigators blinded to clinical information independently and dichotomized into the absence and presence of FLAIR change within the diffusionrestriction lesions. Results: Of the 57 patients who met these conditions, FLAIR-hyperintense lesions ( FHL) were observed in 32 (56.1%). The FHL-negative group was 69.1 +/- 12.1 years old on average and the FHL- positive group 67.3 +/- 11.0 years old. In both groups, hypertension was the most common vascular risk factor, cardioembolic stroke was the most common subtype, and distal middle cerebral artery was the most common site of occlusion. The incidence of symptomatic hemorrhagic transformation was 4.0% in the FHL- negative group and 9.4% in the FHL- positive group (p = 0.62). NIHSS scores of 0- 1 on the 7th day of hospitalization or at discharge were observed in 36% of the FHL-negative group and in 9.4% of the FHL- positive group; mRS scores of 0-1 at 3 months was 32% in the FHL- negative group and 21% in the FHL-positive group. An ordinal logistic regression analysis showed that the presence of FHL was associated with higher 7-day NIHSS scores ( adjusted for relevant covariates) but not with higher 3- month mRS scores. Conclusions: This study suggests that the FHL might be used as imaging biomarker to predict outcomes for additional intra- arterial thrombolysis in patients treated with intravenous tPA. Copyright (C) 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel
Testing departure from additivity in Tukey's model using shrinkage: application to a longitudinal setting; While there has been extensive research developing gene-environment interaction (GEI) methods in case-control studies, little attention has been given to sparse and efficient modeling of GEI in longitudinal studies. In a two-way table for GEI with rows and columns as categorical variables, a conventional saturated interaction model involves estimation of a specific parameter for each cell, with constraints ensuring identifiability. The estimates are unbiased but are potentially inefficient because the number of parameters to be estimated can grow quickly with increasing categories of row/column factors. On the other hand, Tukey's one-degree-of-freedom model for non-additivity treats the interaction term as a scaled product of row and column main effects. Because of the parsimonious form of interaction, the interaction estimate leads to enhanced efficiency, and the corresponding test could lead to increased power. Unfortunately, Tukey's model gives biased estimates and low power if the model is misspecified. When screening multiple GEIs where each genetic and environmental marker may exhibit a distinct interaction pattern, a robust estimator for interaction is important for GEI detection. We propose a shrinkage estimator for interaction effects that combines estimates from both Tukey's and saturated interaction models and use the corresponding Wald test for testing interaction in a longitudinal setting. The proposed estimator is robust to misspecification of interaction structure. We illustrate the proposed methods using two longitudinal studiesthe Normative Aging Study and the Multi-ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis. Copyright (c) 2014 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Prehospital Care and New Models of Regionalization; This article summarizes the discussions of the emergency medical services (EMS) breakout session at the June 2010 Academic Emergency Medicine consensus conference "Beyond Regionalization: Integrated Networks of Emergency Care." The group focused on prehospital issues such as the identification of patients by EMS personnel, protocol-driven destination selection, bypassing closer nondesignated centers to transport patients directly to more distant designated specialty centers, and the modes of transport to be used as they relate to the regionalization of emergency care. It is our hope that the proposed research agenda will be advanced in a way that begins to rigorously approach the unanswered research questions and that these answers, in turn, will lead to an evidence-based, cohesive, comprehensive, and more uniform set of guidelines that govern the delivery and practice of prehospital emergency care. ACADEMIC EMERGENCY MEDICINE 2010; 17:1337-1345 (C) 2010 by the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine.
Intractable Central Hyperthermia in the Setting of Brainstem Hemorrhage; Hyperthermia from a central cause is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Dysfunction of brainstem thermoregulatory pathways may explain the intractable rise in temperature. Antipyretics, dantrolene, bromocriptine, and surface and intravascular cooling devices have been attempted for temperature control. We report the case of a 54-year-old woman with history of hypertension who presented with pontine hemorrhage with extension into the midbrain and medulla. On days 8-9 of her hospital admission, she developed intractable fever and expired the same day despite aggressive treatment of hypothermia, including antipyretics, ice lavage, cold fluid boluses, surface cooling, dantrolene, and bromocriptine. Hyperthermia from brainstem hemorrhage can be difficult to manage with current treatment options. Early recognition of those patients who may develop hyperthermia could lead to early intervention and possibly better outcomes. More evidence from prospective randomized controlled trials will elucidate the risk-benefit profile of achieving normothermia with aggressive fever control in these patients.
Central versus local adjudication of myocardial infarction in a cardiac biomarker trial; Objectives The impact of regulatory requirements, which require central adjudication for the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction (AMI) in cardiac biomarker studies, is unclear. We determined the impact of local (at the site of subject enrollment) versus central adjudication of AMI on final diagnosis. Methods This is a retrospective analysis of data from the Myeloperoxidase in the Diagnosis of Acute Coronary Syndromes Study, an 18-center prospective study of patients with suspected acute coronary syndromes, with enrollment from December 19, 2006, to September 20, 2007. Local adjudication of AMI was performed by a single site investigator at each center following the protocol-specified definition and according to the year 2000 definition of AMI, which based cardiac troponin (cTn) elevation on local cut points for each of the 13 different assays. After completion of the Myeloperoxidase in the Diagnosis of Acute Coronary Syndromes Study primary analysis and to evaluate a new troponin assay, a Food and Drug Administration-mandated central adjudication was performed by 3 investigators at different institutions. This adjudication used the 2007 Universal Definition of AMI, which differs by use of the manufacturer's 99th percentile cTn cut point. We describe the outcome of this process and compare it with the local adjudication. Central adjudicators were not blinded to local adjudications. For central adjudication, discrepant diagnoses were resolved by consensus. Local versus central cTn cut points differed for 6 assays. Both definitions required a rise and/or fall of cTn. Discrepant cases were reviewed by the lead author. Difficult cases were defined as having a difference between local and central adjudication, an elevated cTn with a temporal rise and fall, and a negative or absent risk stratification test. Statistics were by chi(2), kappa, and logistic regression. Results Of 1,107 patients enrolled, 11 had indeterminate central adjudication, leaving 1,096 for analysis. In spite of high agreement across central versus local adjudicators, kappa = 0.79 (95% CI [0.73, 0.85]), AMI was diagnosed more often by central adjudication, 134 (12.2%) versus 104 (9.5%), with 44 local diagnoses (4%) changed from non-AMI to AMI (n = 37) or AMI to non-AMI (n = 7) (P < .001). These 44 represented 34% (95% CI 26%-42%) of 141 cases in which either central or local adjudication was AMI. Of diagnoses changed to AMI, 3 reasons contributed approximately one-third each: the local use of a non-99th percentile cTn cutoff (32%), the possibility of human error (34%), and difficult cases (34%). Conclusion Despite an acceptable., over a third of patients with a diagnosis of AMI were not assigned that diagnosis by both sets of adjudicators. This supports the importance of 1 standard method for diagnosis of AMI. (Am Heart J 2013;165:273-279.e1.)
The relationship between QT intervals and mortality in ambulant patients with chronic heart failure - The United Kingdom Heart Failure Evaluation and Assessment of Risk Trial (UK-HEART); Aims Mortality in patients with heart failure remains high and is difficult to predict. QT interval parameters on a 12-lead ECG have been shown to predict arrhythmic events in patients with a variety of myocardial diseases. There is some, but not consistent, evidence that QT interval parameters may act as predictors of mortality, in particular sudden death, in patients with heart failure. In an adequately powered prospective study we have studied QT interval parameters in patients with stable chronic heart failure in order to determine whether they are predictive of all-cause mortality or mode of death. Methods and Results Five hundred and fifty-four ambulant outpatients with chronic heart failure were recruited. A 12-lead EGG, chest radiograph, echocardiogram, 24 h ambulatory electrocardiogram and serum for biochemical analysis were obtained at baseline. Patients were followed for 471 +/- 168 days. QT intervals were measured in all leads blinded to patient's characteristics and outcome, were corrected for heart rate, and the maximum QT intervals, and QT dispersion (range of QT intervals) were determined. The same parameters were determined for JT intervals. The primary end-point was all-cause mortality, secondary end-points were sudden cardiac death and death due to progressive heart failure. Multivariate analysis with the Cox's proportional hazards model was used to determine which variables were independently related to outcome. Four hundred and ninety-five patients had analysable ECGs at study entry and of these 71 died during follow-up. The heart rate corrected QT dispersion and maximum QT interval were significant univariate predictors of all-cause mortality (P=0.026 and <0.0001 respectively), and also of sudden death and progressive heart failure death, but were not related to outcome in the multivariate analysis. The independent predictors of all-cause mortality were cardiothoracic ratio (P=0.0003), creatinine (P=0.0009), heart rate (P=0.007), echocardiographically derived left ventricular end-diastolic dimension (P=0.007) and ventricular couplets on 24 h electrocardiographic monitoring (P=0.015). Conclusion In an adequately powered prospective study none of the QT or JT parameters were shown to be independent predictors of outcome in patients with mild to moderate congestive heart failure. These variables do not therefore add to the prognostic information which can be gained from simple radiographic, biochemical, echocardiographic and Holter data in this group of patients.
Myocardial necrosis in ICU patients with acute non-cardiac disease: a prospective study; Objective: To ascertain if, after an episode of hypotension, unnoticed myocardial necrosis could occur in critical care patients with acute non-cardiac illness and to search for signs of cardiac necrosis. Design: A prospective observational study. Setting: General intensive care unit (ICU) at a tertiary level hospital; Patients: Thirty-one patients in two groups. Group 1 included 19 patients with severe sepsis/septic shock (ACCP/SCCM Consensus Conference). Group 2 included 12 patients with hypovolemic shock. Interventions: Biochemical markers of myocardial necrosis (cardiac troponin I(cTnI), creatine kinase (CK), creatine kinase MB mass (CKMB) and myoglobin) were measured at 12 h (T1), 24 h (T2) and 48 h (T3) after enrollment. A standard 12-lead ECC was recorded upon enrollment (TO) and at T2, Anomalous Q-waves or ST segment depression or elevation was considered diagnostic for acute myocardial infarction (AMI). A hypotensive episode:(arterial systolic pressure < 90 mmHg at heart rate > 100 bpm) was considered moderate if it lasted 30-60 min or severe if longer than 60 min. Measurements and results: At T0 none of the patients had AMI on EGG. At T2 a non-Q AMI developed in five patients. Increased levels of troponin I, myoglobin, CK and CKMB were found in 74.2 %, 96.8 %, 74.2 % and 67.7 % of the patients, respectively. Cardiac troponin I increased in 11 out of 19 septic patients acid in all hypovolemic patients. There was a significant difference between the groups (p < 0.05). All biochemical markers increased in relationship to the degree of hypotension with cTnI again showing a significant difference. The longer the hypotensive episode was, the greater was the increase (moderate hypotension: median 1.16; quartiles 0.55-3.44 ng/ml, severe hypotension: median 8.53; quartiles 1.1-20.7 ng/ml; p < 0.05). Abnormal levels of cTnI were more frequent in non-survivors than in survivors (p < 0.05). Conclusions: Hypotension may cause cardiac damage in critically ill patients with acute non-cardiac diseases as shown by abnormal levels of cTnI. It is likely that a high number of these myocardial necroses may go unnoticed on the EGG.
Effect of Pitavastatin on Preventing Ischemic Complications with Carotid Artery Stenting: A Multicenter Prospective Study-EPOCH-CAS Study; Periprocedural ischemic stroke is one problem associated with carotid artery stenting (CAS). This study was designed to assess whether preoperative statin therapy reduces the risk of periprocedural ischemic complications with CAS. In this prospective study at 11 centers, patients with carotid artery stenosis (symptomatic a parts per thousand yen50 %, asymptomatic a parts per thousand yen80 %) and a high risk of carotid endarterectomy but without previous statin treatments were divided into two groups by low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. With LDL-C a parts per thousand yen120 mg/dl, the pitavastatin-treated (PS) group received pitavastatin at 4 mg/day. With LDL-C < 120 mg/dl, the non-PS group received no statin therapy. After 4 weeks, both groups underwent CAS. Frequencies of new ipsilateral ischemic lesions on diffusion-weighted imaging within 72 h after CAS and cerebrovascular events (transient ischemic attack, stroke, or death) within 30 days were assessed. Among the 80 patients enrolled, 61 patients (PS group, n = 31; non-PS group, n = 30) fulfilled the inclusion criteria. New ipsilateral ischemic lesions were identified in 8 of 31 patients (25.8 %) in the PS group and 16 of 30 patients (53.3 %) in the non-PS group (P = 0.028). Cerebrovascular events occurred in 0 patients in the PS group and in 3 of 30 patients (10.0 %) in the non-PS group (P = 0.071). Multivariate analyses demonstrated the pitavastatin treatment (beta = 0.74, 95 % confidence interval 0.070-1.48, P = 0.042) to be an independent factor for decreasing post-CAS ischemic lesions. Pretreatment with pitavastatin significantly reduced the frequency of periprocedural ischemic complications with CAS.
Risk stratification of adult emergency department syncope patients to predict short-term serious outcomes after discharge (RiSEDS) study; Background: While Canadian ED physicians discharge most syncope patients with no specific further follow-up, approximately 5% will suffer serious outcomes after ED discharge. The goal of this study is to prospectively identify risk factors and to derive a clinical decision tool to accurately predict those at risk for serious outcomes after ED discharge within 30 days. Methods/Design: We will conduct a prospective cohort study at 6 Canadian EDs to include adults with syncope and exclude patients with loss of consciousness > 5 minutes, mental status changes from baseline, obvious witnessed seizure, or head trauma prior to syncope. Emergency physicians will collect standardized clinical variables including historical features, physical findings, and results of immediately available tests (blood, ECG, and ED cardiac monitoring) prior to ED discharge/hospital admission. A second emergency physician will evaluate approximately 10% of study patients for interobserver agreement calculation of predictor variables. The primary outcome will be a composite serious outcome occurring within 30 days of ED discharge and includes three distinct categories: serious adverse events (death, arrhythmia); identification of serious underlying disease (structural heart disease, aortic dissection, pulmonary embolism, severe pulmonary hypertension, subarachnoid hemorrhage, significant hemorrhage, myocardial infarction); or procedures to treat the cause of syncope. The secondary outcome will be any of the above serious outcomes either suspected or those occurring in the ED. A blinded Adjudication Committee will confirm all serious outcomes. Univariate analysis will be performed to compare the predictor variables in patients with and without primary outcome. Variables with p-values <0.2 and kappa values >= 0.60 will be selected for stepwise logistic regression to identify the risk factors and to develop the clinical decision tool. We will enroll 5,000 patients (with 125 positive for primary outcome) for robust identification of risk factors and clinical decision tool development. Discussion: Once successfully developed, this tool will accurately risk-stratify adult syncope patients; however, validation and implementation will still be required. This program of research should lead to standardized care of syncope patients, and improve patient safety.
Cardiac ischemia in patients with septic shock randomized to vasopressin or norepinephrine; Introduction: Cardiac troponins are sensitive and specific biomarkers of myocardial necrosis. We evaluated troponin, CK, and ECG abnormalities in patients with septic shock and compared the effect of vasopressin (VP) versus norepinephrine (NE) on troponin, CK, and ECGs. Methods: This was a prospective substudy of a randomized trial. Adults with septic shock randomly received, blinded, a low-dose infusion of VP (0.01 to 0.03 U/min) or NE (5 to 15 mu g/min) in addition to open-label vasopressors, titrated to maintain a mean blood pressure of 65 to 75 mm Hg. Troponin I/T, CK, and CK-MB were measured, and 12-lead ECGs were recorded before study drug, and 6 hours, 2 days, and 4 days after study-drug initiation. Two physician readers, blinded to patient data and drug, independently interpreted ECGs. Results: We enrolled 121 patients (median age, 63.9 years (interquartile range (IQR), 51.1 to 75.3), mean APACHE II 28.6 (SD 7.7)): 65 in the VP group and 56 in the NE group. At the four time points, 26%, 36%, 32%, and 21% of patients had troponin elevations, respectively. Baseline characteristics and outcomes were similar between patients with positive versus negative troponin levels. Troponin and CK levels and rates of ischemic ECG changes were similar in the VP and the NE groups. In multivariable analysis, only APACHE II was associated with 28-day mortality (OR, 1.07; 95% CI, 1.01 to 1.14; P = 0.033). Conclusions: Troponin elevation is common in adults with septic shock. We observed no significant differences in troponin, CK, and ECGs in patients treated with vasopressin and norepinephrine. Troponin elevation was not an independent predictor of mortality.
QT Dispersion and T Wave Peak-to-end Interval Dispersion in Children with Kawasaki Disease; Background: The main complication of Kawasaki disease is the Coronary Artery (CA) involvement and long term follow up of patients depends on the severity of coronary arterial aneurysms, ischemia, and thrombosis. Early diagnosis of these complications can lead to a more desirable outcome for patients. Myocardial ischemia can prolong QT dispersion and increase the risk of cardiac arrhythmias as well as sudden cardiac arrests. Also, T wave peak-to-end (Tp-Te) interval dispersion, which provides a valuable index of transmural dispersion of repolarization, can trigger the arrhythmia. Methods: We evaluated the non-corrected QT interval dispersion (QTD) and the corrected QT (QTc) dispersion and measured Tp-Te interval dispersion in 49 Iranian children (28 males and 21 females) with the diagnosis of Kawasaki disease (KD) in the acute phase and 49 age-matched controls in a prospective study from 2009 to 2012. Student's t-test and Pearson correlation were used to analyze the data. All the statistical analyses were performed through the SPSS 16. Besides, P<0.05 was considered as statistically significant. Results: Patients with KD had significantly longer QTc dispersion (0.099 +/- 0.055 s versus. 0.040 +/- 0.018 s; P<0.001), non-corrected QT dispersion (0.075 +/- 0.046 versus 0.042 +/- 0.019; P<0.001), and Tp-Te dispersion (0.047 +/- 0.054 versus 0.022 +/- 0.011; P=0.015). The patients with elevation in white blood cell count (above 15000) had a statistically significant increased in QTD (P=0.011). No significant correlation was found between coronary involvement and repolarization indexes. Conclusions: In conclusion, the QT interval (corrected or non-corrected) and the Tp-Te dispersion significantly increased in the patients with KD which shows repolarization changes during the acute phase of KD. However, there is no correlation between the QT interval and the coronary involvement.
Correspondence optimization in 2D standardized carotid wall thickness map by description length minimization: A tool for increasing reproducibility of 3D ultrasound-based measurements; Purpose: The previously described 2D standardized vessel-wall-plus-plaque thickness (VWT) maps constructed from 3D ultrasound vessel wall measurements using an arc-length (AL) scaling approach adjusted the geometric variability of carotid arteries and has allowed for the comparisons of VWT distributions in longitudinal and cross-sectional studies. However, this mapping technique did not optimize point correspondence of the carotid arteries investigated. The potential misalignment may lead to errors in point-wise VWT comparisons. In this paper, we developed and validated an algorithm based on steepest description length (DL) descent to optimize the point correspondence implied by the 2D VWT maps. Methods: The previously described AL approach was applied to obtain initial 2D maps for a group of carotid arteries. The 2D maps were reparameterized based on an iterative steepest DL descent approach, which consists of the following two steps. First, landmarks established by resampling the 2D maps were aligned using the Procrustes algorithm. Then, the gradient of the DL with respect to horizontal and vertical reparameterizations of each landmark on the 2D maps was computed, and the 2D maps were subsequently deformed in the direction of the steepest descent of DL. These two steps were repeated until convergence. The quality of the correspondence was evaluated in a phantom study and an in vivo study involving ten carotid arteries enrolled in a 3D ultrasound interscan variability study. The correspondence quality was evaluated in terms of the compactness and generalization ability of the statistical shape model built based on the established point correspondence in both studies. In the in vivo study, the effect of the proposed algorithm on interscan variability of VWT measurements was evaluated by comparing the percentage of landmarks with statistically significant VWT-change before and after point correspondence optimization. Results: The statistical shape model constructed with optimized correspondence was more compact and had a better generalization ability than that constructed using the AL approach in both the phantom and in vivo studies. A statistical test on the group-average VWT-Change at each point of the 2D carotid template showed that the group-average VWT-change was significantly different from 0 in 18% of landmarks when the AL approach was used, and this percentage was reduced to 11% after correspondence optimization. Conclusions: The optimized correspondence resulted in a more compact and generalizable statistical shape model, and the algorithm was shown to reduce interscan variability of point-wise VWT measurements obtained using the previously described arc-length scaling parameterization approach. (C) 2016 American Association of Physicists in Medicine.
Limited intentional normovolemic hemodilution: ST-segment changes and use of homologous blood products in patients with left main coronary artery stenosis; Objective: To assess and compare the effects of limited intentional normovolemic hemodilution (LINH) on ST-segment changes and to evaluate the need for homologous blood products. Design: Prospective, randomized study. Setting: University hospital. Participants: Seventy-one patients with left main stenosis scheduled for semi-urgent coronary artery bypass grafting. Interventions: Patients in group A (n = 39) underwent LINH during the prebypass period until a hematocrit of 34% was obtained. Simultaneously, succinyl-linked gelatin was infused. In group B (n = 32), no hemodilution was performed. Mean arterial pressure and central venous pressure were kept as constant as possible. During the postbypass period, autologous blood was retransfused. The need for homologous blood products was noted intraoperatively and postoperatively. Measurements and Main Results: ST-segment analysis of lead II and chest lead was continuously performed in all patients. An ST-segment change was defined as a decrease from baseline of 1.0 mm (-0.1 mV). The appearance and degree of ST-segment depression were comparable in both groups (group A: 7 patients -0.1 mV, 7 patient -0.2 mV: group B: 5 patients -0.1 mV: 3 patients -0.2 mV). In group A, ST-segment depression occurred during and after the blood exchange. However, the mean duration of the ST-segment depression (group A: 33 +/- 18 minutes; group B: 20 +/- 20 minutes) was comparable between groups. In group A, a mean of 750 mL +/- 245 mL of blood was obtained. Total blood loss was significantly higher in group B (p < 0.052); 25 patients in group A (64%) and 12 patients in group B (38%) did not require homologous blood products (p < 0.03). Intraoperatively, only the need for packed red cells was greater in group B (p < 0.04). Postoperatively, the use of homologous blood products is higher than intraoperatively (p < 0.02). Conclusions: LINH performed in patients with left main stenosis, scheduled for semi-urgent coronary bypass, is not associated with increases in frequency, degree, or duration of ST-segment changes. This procedure allowed a reduction in the number of patients who received homologous blood products. Copyright (C) 1997 by W.B. Saunders Company.
Renal dysfunction predicts long-term mortality in patients with lower extremity arterial disease; Background. Patients with renal insufficiency tend to suffer from advanced atherosclerosis and exhibit a reduced life expectancy. Objectives and design. This prospective study investigated the relation between renal dysfunction and long-term all-cause and cardiovascular mortality in a population of nonsurgical patients with lower extremity arterial disease (LEAD). Subjects and methods. A total of 357 patients with symptomatic LEAD underwent baseline glomerular filtration rate (GFR) estimation by the 4-variable Modification Diet in Renal Diseases equation, and were then followed for 4.2 years (range: 1-17). Results. During follow-up, 131 patients died (8.6 deaths per 100 patient-years), 79 of whom (60%) from cardiovascular causes. All-cause death rates were 3.8, 6.6, and 15.5 per 100 patient-years, respectively, in the groups with normal GFR, mild reduction in GFR (60-89 mL min(-1) per 1.73 m(2)) and chronic kidney disease (CKD; <60 mL min(-1) per 1.73 m(2); P<0.001 by log-rank test). Compared to patients with normal renal function, the risk of all-cause and cardiovascular death was significantly higher in patients with CKD [hazard ratio, respectively, 2.23, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.16-4.34, P = 0.017; 2.15, 95% CI: 1.05-4.43, P = 0.03]. The association of CKD with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality were independent of age, LEAD severity, cardiovascular risk factors and treatment with angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE)-inhibitors, hypolipidaemic and antiplatelet drugs. The power of GFR in predicting all-cause death was higher than that of ankle-brachial pressure index (P = 0.029) and Framingham risk score (P<0.0001). Conclusion. Chronic kidney disease strongly predicts long-term mortality in patients with symptomatic LEAD irrespective of disease severity, cardiovascular risk factors and concomitant treatments.
Comparison of arterial systolic pressure variation with other clinical parameters to predict the response to fluid challenges during cardiac surgery; Prophylactic optimization of stroke volume during surgery has been thought by some to reduce complications following surgery. Mechanical ventilation has been shown to induce variations in systolic systemic arterial blood pressure. Measuring such variations in systolic pressure (SPV) might serve as an attractive method for guiding fluid therapy intraoperatively. It is unknown if variations in systolic pressure following the rapid intravenous administration of a specific volume of fluid would lead to changes in pressure measurements obtained from a pulmonary artery with sufficient sensitivity to predict or guide the need for expansion of the intravascular volume to optimize stroke volume as an index of cardiac function. The purpose of this study was to determine if such measurements of changes in systolic pressures would be useful in optimizing stroke volume. Nineteen patients undergoing cardiac surgery were enrolled in a prospective cohort study. Following induction of general anesthesia. one or more 250 mL boluses of 6% hetastarch were administered. Stroke volume was calculated from the cardiac output obtained by thermodilution using a pulmonary artery catheter. If the patient's stroke volume increased by less than 10% as a result of a given fluid challenge, the patient was classified as a non-responder. However, if the stroke volume increased by more than 10%. the patient was classified as a responder. The variations in systolic pressure and echocardiographic indices were simultaneously measured before and after the administration of each 250 mL fluid bolus. Pulmonary artery occlusion pressure (PAOP) values were significantly lower in patients who responded to fluid boluses (p=0.0085) than in those who did not. Similarly SPV and SPVdown values (defined as the decrease in systolic pressure with ventilation) were significantly greater in the responders (p<0.05). No significant intergroup differences were observed in SPV up (increase in systolic pressure with ventilation) or echocardiographic-derived left ventricular end diastolic area. A PAOP value less than 10 mm Hg predicted a response (sensitivity 68%, specificity 79%). Although significant intergroup differences in the extent of systolic pressure variations were observed. no appropriate threshold values could be determined that would accurately predict the response to a fluid bolus. There is a relationship between SPV and SPVdown values and intravascular volume status. SPV and echocardiographic-derived values did not predict the response to a fluid bolus as well as values obtained from the pulmonary artery catheter.
Isolated systolic hypertension: pathophysiology, consequences and therapeutic benefits; During recent decades the importance of perceiving isolated systolic hypertension (ISH) in cardiovascular pathophysiology has been changed from a benign condition to the major cardiovascular risk factor. Aging is per se associated with the deterioration in arterial compliance through both structural and functional changes in large arteries which mainly involves the intima and media. The observed changes result in a decrease of the lumen-to-wall ratio, the overall lumen cross-sectional area and an increase of arterial stiffness which especially involve the aorta and other elastic arteries. In addition to the structural changes in vessel walls, aging is associated with certain functional changes such as an increase in sympathetic system activity probably due to the age-related decreased sensitivity of beta-receptors. While the function of arterial wall alpha-receptors remains intact, in elderly subjects a shift towards arterial vasoconstriction can be observed. In many of the published studies the definition of ISH was based on the criterion 160/95 mm Hg or 160/90 mm Hg while in recognition of the high risk associated with systolic blood pressure (SBP) the WHO/ISH guidelines and Report of the Sixth Joint National Committee on Hypertension indicated that ISH should be diagnosed with SEP as greater than or equal to 140 mm Hg and diastolic BP (DBP) as <90 mm Hg. Thus the setting down of normal values of SEP will lead to an earlier diagnosis and treatment of ISH. Several prospective studies, such as the US Hypertension Detection and Follow-up Programme, confirmed this and the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial demonstrated that for any given level of DBP, higher SEP was associated with an increase in cardiovascular risk. Moreover, data from the Framingham Study show that ISH was associated not only with increased mortality but also cardiovascular morbidity. Risk of non-fatal stroke and myocardial infarction was increased three and two-times respectively in the presence of ISH. Three major up-to-date studies that included patients with ISH have been published. In concordance to the previously published SHEP and MCR trials, the most recent, the Systolic Hypertension in the Elderly Trial (SYST-EUR), demonstrated that active treatment significantly reduces the risk of stroke and all fatal and non-fatal cardiac end-points, including sudden death. Of note, these benefits were demonstrated with new antihypertensive classes such as dihydropiridyne calcium channel blocker (nitrendipine) and the angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (enalapril). The necessity to carefully balance the benefits and risks of anti-hypertensive therapy in the elderly indicates that patients with suspected ISH should undergo careful BP measurements on at least three different occasions before the diagnosis is established and an orthostatic reaction should be evaluated. If non-pharmacological procedures fail, drug therapy should be considered, especially in elderly patients with a SEP over 160 mm Hg, since their risk of complications is markedly higher. Pharmacological treatment should also be strongly considered in patients with a SEP between 140 and 160 mm Hg with such concomitant cardiovascular risk factors as diabetes, angina pectoris, and left ventricular hypertrophy. The drug regimen should be simple, starting with a low dose of a single drug that is titrated slowly. The selection of the first-line anti-hypertensive agent should be based on a careful assessment of pathophysiological and clinical parameters in each individual geriatric patient.
A prospective analysis of critical limb ischemia: Factors leading to major primary amputation versus Revascularization; In our aging population, primary major amputations ( AMP, below-knee or above-knee) continue to be performed despite advances in revascularization. We hypothesized that not only patient comorbidities but also the system of health-care delivery affected the treatment of patients with critical limb ischemia ( CLI). A prospective analysis of patients presenting with CLI was undertaken to determine whether patient-specific factors or healthcare delivery factors ( system-related) influenced treatment with primary AMP versus lower extremity revascularization ( LER). The patient-speci. c factors age, gender, race/ethnicity, presence of coronary artery disease, cerebrovascular disease, tobacco use, diabetes mellitus ( DM), dialysis dependence ( end-stage renal disease, ESRD), hypertension, hyperlipidemia, stage of CLI ( rest pain, minor or major tissue loss), history of revascularization, and functional status ( living situation and ambulatory status) were recorded. The system-related factors time from onset of CLI to vascular surgery evaluation and type of insurance ( managed care/other insurance) were also noted. The influence of patient-speci. c and system-related factors on the primary treatment modality ( AMP versus LER) was determined with univariate and multivariate analyses. A total of 224 patients presented with CLI between March 1, 2001, and March 1, 2005. Patients were treated with primary major AMP in 97 cases ( 43%) and revascularization in 127 cases ( 57%). On univariate analysis, nonwhite race/ethnicity, DM, ESRD, major tissue loss, dependent living situation, and nonambulatory status were all significant predictors of AMP versus LER ( all P < 0.01). On multivariate analysis, major tissue loss, ESRD, DM, and nonambulatory status remained independent predictors of AMP versus LER ( all P < 0.05). The system-related factors of time to vascular surgery evaluation ( mean 8.6 weeks, 7.1 vs. 9.3 weeks AMP versus LER, P = 0.60) and type of insurance ( managed care, 17% vs. 24% AMP vs. LER, P = 0.15) had no influence on treatment. Fifty-four percent of all primary major AMPs were performed due to extensive gangrene or infection present at initial vascular evaluation which precluded limb salvage. Major tissue loss, ESRD, DM, and nonambulatory status are all independent predictors of treatment with primary AMP as opposed to revascularization. Treatment of CLI is determined by patient-speci. c factors and does not appear to be adversely influenced by system-related factors. Efforts toward improving limb salvage may be best directed at aggressive treatment of medical comorbidities to prevent the late complications of CLI. Earlier recognition of tissue loss and referral to the vascular specialist may lead to improved limb salvage.
Circulating serum amyloid A: a potential biomarker for infection after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage; Objectives: One of the complications after Aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage (aSAH) is infection. An accurate biomarker for the early diagnosis of the infection may lead to a better management of aSAH. This study is to investigate the role of circulating serum amyloid A (SAA) in identifying high risk of infection in Chinese aSAH patients. Methods: Circulating levels of SAA were evaluated in 126 aSAH patients during hospitalization (at Day 1/3/5, respectively), using ELISA. Multivariable logistic regression, receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, and multivariate stepwise linear regression analysis were performed to assess the association between SAA and post-aSAH infection. Results: The patients with post-aSAH infection presented a higher circulating SAA level (Day 1) (2084.76 +/- 588.76 ng/ml, P < 0.001) than the ones without infection (1580.95 +/- 566.11 ng/ml). Meanwhile, infection status presented a significantly upward trend (40.5%, 45.2%, and 90.5%, P < 0.001), as SAA concentration elevated among its tertiles. Compared with the lowest tertile of SAA, the highest revealed an association with the presence of infection (odds ratio = 2.461, 95% confidence interval [CI] [1.210-5.003], P = 0.013) after controlling age, gender, Body Mass Index, C-reactive protein and Erythrocyte sedimentation rate. Furthermore, ROC curve of SAA was developed to predict the presence of infection (Area under ROC = 0.736 [95% CI 0.648-0.824], P < 0.001). Conclusions: It supports circulating SAA as a potential biomarker for the early diagnosis of post-aSAH infection.
Atrial fibrillation and obesity among older Chinese: The Guangzhou Biobank Cohort Study; Background: Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common form of arrhythmia, and its prevalence is increasing. Few studies have examined its association with obesity as defined by different criteria, particularly in developing countries. We investigated the association between atrial fibrillation (AF) and obesity indices among older Chinese. Methods: We conducted a community-based nested case control study using cross-sectional data of 5882 men and 14,548 women aged 50 or above from Phases I and II (September 2003 to May 2006) of the Guangzhou Biobank Cohort Study (GBCS). AF cases were identified by the 12-lead body surface electrocardiogram. Results: 159 AF cases (65 men and 94 women) were identified from 19,964 participants with ECG records. 9249 participants with other abnormal ECG findings were excluded, resulting in a case control comparison on 159 AF cases and 10,369 controls. After multivariate adjustment, BMI (adjusted odds ratio (OR) 1.06 per kg/m(2), 95% confidence interval (CI)= 1.01-1.11) and waist circumference (adjusted OR 1.02 per cm (1.00-1.04)) were significant risk factors. The adjusted OR per Z-score [(individual value - mean)/standard deviation] for BMI and waist circumference was 1.21 (1.03-1.41) and 1.18 (1.01-1.38) respectively. Conclusions: This is the first report showing that both general and central obesity are associated with increased risk of AF in an Eastern population with much lower level of obesity than in the West. As both AF and obesity are increasing in developing countries, the results should have important public health implications. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dietary patterns and hypertension among Chinese adults: a nationally representative cross-sectional study; Background: Several healthful dietary patterns appear to be effective at lowering blood pressure and preventing hypertension. However, the relationship between dietary patterns and hypertension among a representative Chinese population sample is unclear. Methods: A nationally representative sample of 23 671 participants aged 18-59 years were recruited by the 2002 China National Nutrition and Health Survey. All participants had their blood pressure measured with standardized mercury sphygmomanometers. Hypertension was defined as systolic blood pressure >= 140 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure >= 90 mmHg. We conducted factor analysis using dietary information from a validated food frequency questionnaire to derive dietary patterns. Information of participants on physical activities, education level, annual household income, smoking status and family history of hypertension was collected by interviewer-administrated questionnaires. Results: Three major dietary patterns, defined as 'Western', 'traditional northern', and 'traditional southern', were identified. Participants with the highest quartile for the score of the Western pattern had significantly higher blood pressure comparing with counterparts in the lowest quartile. In contrast, participants in the top quartile for the score of the traditional southern pattern presented significantly lower blood pressure comparing with counterparts in the lowest quartile. In multivariate analyses the traditional northern pattern score was associated with an odds ratio (OR) of 1.30 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.11-1.53, P for trend = 0.0001) comparing with the lowest quartile. The OR for the top quartile of score for the traditional southern pattern was 0.73 (95% CI, 0.59- 0.89, P for trend = 0.0040) compared with the lowest quartile of traditional southern pattern score. However, the significant association between the traditional northern pattern and prevalence of hypertension disappeared after further adjusting for body mass index (BMI) (P for trend = 0.3), whereas the association between the traditional southern pattern and prevalence of hypertension persisted after further adjusting for BMI (P for trend = 0.01). Conclusions: We observed a positive relationship between the traditional northern pattern and hypertension that was mediated through differences in BMI. In addition, the traditional southern pattern was significantly associated with lower odds of presenting with hypertension.
Risk Factors for Developing Large Emboli Following Carotid Artery Stenting; Objective : The introduction and development of the embolic protecting device (EPD) has resulted in a decreased rate of stroke after carotid artery stenting (CAS). The authors performed a retrospective study to investigate the risk factors for developing large emboli after CAS which can lead to ischemic events. Methods : A total of 35 consecutive patients who underwent CAS between January 2009 and March 2012 were included in this study. Patients were divided into two groups including those with small emboli (group A; grade 1, 2) and those with large emboli (group B; grade 3, 4). The size and number of emboli were assigned one of four grades (1=no clots, 2=1 or 2 small clots, 3=more than 3 small clots, 4=large clots) by microscopic observation of the EPD after CAS. We compared demographic characteristics, medical history, and angiographic findings of each group. Results : Thirty-five patients underwent CAS, and technical success was achieved in all cases. Twenty-three patients were included in group A and 12 patients in group B. Our results demonstrated that advanced age [odds ratio (OR) 1.24; 95% confidence interval (Cl) 1.01-1.52; p=0.044] and smoking (OR 42.06; Cl 2.828-625.65, p=0.006) were independent risk factors for developing large emboli after CAS. Conclusion : In patients with carotid artery stenosis treated with CAS, advanced age and smoking increased the number and size of emboli. Although use of an EPD is controversial, it may be useful in CAS in patients with risk factors for large emboli in order to reduce the risk of ischemic events.
Preoperative Tissue Doppler Imaging-Derived Atrial Conduction Time Can Predict Postoperative Atrial Fibrillation in Patients Undergoing Aortic Valve Replacement for Aortic Valve Stenosis; Background: Postoperative atrial fibrillation (POAF) is a common complication of cardiac surgery and may result in stroke or heart failure and poor prognosis. This study aimed to evaluate a novel index of total atrial conduction time derived from the P-wave onset (lead II) to the peak A' wave on tissue Doppler imaging (PA-TDI duration). The PA-TDI duration was compared with previously reported predictors of POAF, and the optimal cutoff value of PA-DTI was calculated in patients undergoing aortic valve replacement (AVR) for AV stenosis (AS). Methods and Results: We enrolled 63 patients undergoing isolated AVR. They underwent transthoracic echocardiography with TDI preoperatively and were monitored postoperatively with continuous electrocardiographic telemetry for 7 days. The hospital stay was significantly longer in the 41 patients with POAF than in the 22 without POAF (33.8 +/- 19.7 vs. 24.1 +/- 8.1 days, P=0.03). Multivariate analysis revealed that PA-TDI duration (odds ratio [OR], 1.07; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.02-1.13; P=0.0072) and age (OR, 1.14; CI, 1.03-1.28; P=0.016) were significant independent predictors of POAF. Receiver-operating characteristic curve analysis showed the optimal cutoff values of PA-TDI duration and age were 147.3 ms and 74 years, respectively. Conclusions: The PA-TDI duration was an independent predictor of POAF after AVR for AS. Patients with PA-TDI duration >147 ms should be considered high risk and treated appropriately to improve outcomes.
Countywide Physician Organization Learning Collaborative and Changes in Hospitalization Rates; OBJECTIVES: In 2011, the California Right Care Initiative implemented a countywide physician organization learning collaborative called University of Best Practices (UBP) in San Diego County for major healthcare systems and physician organizations to share best practices in managing cardiovascular and cerebrovascular risk factors. Our objective was to examine whether UBP was associated with fewer hospitalizations for heart attacks and strokes. STUDY DESIGN: A quasi-experimental design was used to compare age-adjusted adult hospitalization rates before UBP initiation (2007-2010) against rates after UBP initiation (2011-2014) in San Diego County versus the rest of California. METHODS: Difference-in-differences (DID) logistic regression models were estimated using hospitalization data from the California Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development for 2007 to 2014, including 372,205 and 642,455 hospitalizations for heart attacks and strokes, respectively. RESULTS: In the UBP versus pre-UBP period, the odds of adults being hospitalized for a heart attack in San Diego County decreased (odds ratio [OR], 0.84), whereas the odds stayed the same for adults in the rest of California (OR, 1.00): DID ratio of OR, 0.84 (P <. 001). This relative decrease was equivalent to 2735 (or 16.5%) fewer hospitalizations, totaling $61 million (2014 dollars). No robust association was found between UBP implementation and hospitalizations for strokes. CONCLUSIONS: A countywide physician organization learning collaborative was associated with fewer hospitalizations for heart attacks, but not for strokes. Healthcare systems and physician organizations should consider forming collaboratives to share best practices to manage patients' cardiovascular and cerebrovascular risk factors, which may lead to fewer hospitalizations and reduced healthcare costs.
Beat-to-Beat Spatiotemporal Variability in the T Vector Is Associated With Sudden Cardiac Death in Participants Without Left Ventricular Hypertrophy: The Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study; Background-Despite advances in prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease, sudden cardiac death (SCD) remains a clinical challenge. Risk stratification in the general population is needed. Methods and Results-Beat-to-beat spatiotemporal variability in the T vector was measured as the mean angle between consecutive T-wave vectors (mean TT' angle) on standard 12-lead ECGs in 14 024 participants in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study. Subjects with left ventricular hypertrophy, atrial arrhythmias, frequent ectopy, ventricular pacing, or QRS duration >= 120 ms were excluded. The mean spatial TT' angle was 5.21 +/- 3.55 degrees. During a median of 14 years of follow-up, 235 SCDs occurred (1.24 per 1000 person-years). After adjustment for demographics, coronary heart disease risk factors, and known ECG markers for SCD, mean TT' angle was independently associated with SCD (hazard ratio 1.089; 95% CI 1.044 to 1.137; P<0.0001). A mean TT' angle >90th percentile (>9.57 degrees) was associated with a 2-fold increase in the hazard for SCD (hazard ratio 2.01; 95% CI 1.28 to 3.16; P=0.002). In a subgroup of patients with T-vector amplitude >= 0.2 mV, the association with SCD was almost twice as strong (hazard ratio 3.92; 95% CI 1.91 to 8.05; P<0.0001). A significant interaction between mean TT' angle and age was found: TT' angle was associated with SCD in participants aged <55 years (hazard ratio 1.096; 95% CI 0.043 to 1.152; P<0.0001) but not in participants aged >= 55 years (P-interaction=0.009). Conclusions-In a large, prospective, community-based cohort of left ventricular hypertrophy-free participants, increased beat-to-beat spatiotemporal variability in the T vector, as assessed by increasing TT' angle, was associated with SCD.
Plasminogen Activator Inhibitor-1 (<i>PAI</i>-<i>1</i>) Gene 4G/5G Promoter Polymorphism is Seen in Higher Frequency in the Indian Patients With Deep Vein Thrombosis; Introduction: A number of prothrombotic and fibrinolytic disorders may lead to venous thrombosis. A 4G/5G polymorphism located in the promoter region of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) gene has been found to be commonly associated with the levels of PAI-1 and might be a risk factor for deep vein thrombosis (DVT). The aim of this study was to look for the potential association of this polymorphism with DVT in the Asian Indian population. Material and methods: A total of 110 consecutive patients ( M: F = 62: 48) with idiopathic DVT and equal number of age- and sex-matched healthy controls were the study participants. All study participants were typed for the PAI-1 4G/5G polymorphism, factor V Leiden, factor V Hong Kong/Cambridge mutations, and HR2 haplotype. Result: The variant allele for the PAI-1 4G/5G polymorphism showed both genotypic (P = .0013, chi(2) = 10.303; odds ratio [OR] = 3.75) as well as allelic association (P = .0004, chi(2) = 12.273; OR = 1.99) with DVT. Factor V Leiden and factor V HR2 haplotype were observed in 10 (9.0%) and 13 (11.8%) patients, respectively. None of the study participants showed the factor V Hong Kong Cambridge mutations. Conclusion: Our study shows the association of 4G allele with DVT in Asian Indian population. The higher prevalence of 4G polymorphism in patients with DVT (compared with controls) seen in our study is in concordance with previous reports from the Caucasian population.
Predictors of 6-month poor clinical outcomes after transcatheter aortic valve implantation; Background. - Patient selection for transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI) remains a major concern. Indeed, despite promising results, it is still unclear which patients are most and least likely to benefit from this procedure. Aims. To identify predictors of 6-month poor clinical outcomes after TAVI. Methods. Patients who were discharged from our institution with a transcatheter-implanted aortic valve were followed prospectively. Our population was divided into two groups ('good outcomes' and 'poor outcomes') according to occurrence of primary endpoint (composite of all-cause mortality, all stroke, hospitalizations for valve-related symptoms or worsening heart failure from discharge to 6 months or 6-month New York Heart Association functional class III or IV). Patient characteristics were studied to find predictors of poor outcomes. Results. We included 163 patients (mean age, 79.9 +/- 8.8 years; 90 men [55%]; mean logistic EuroSCORE, 18.4 +/- 11.44 The primary endpoint occurred in 49 patients (mean age, 83 5 years; 31 men [63%]). By multivariable analysis, atrial fibrillation (odds ratio [OR] 3.94), systolic pulmonary artery pressure >= 60 mmHg (OR 7.56) and right ventricular dysfunction (OR 3.55) were independent predictors of poor outcomes, whereas baseline aortic regurgitation >= 2/4 (OR 0.07) demonstrated a protective effect. Conclusion. Atrial fibrillation, severe baseline pulmonary hypertension and right ventricular dysfunction (i.e. variables suggesting a more evolved aortic stenosis) were predictors of 6-month poor outcomes. Conversely, baseline aortic regurgitation >= 2/4 showed a protective effect, which needs to be confirmed in future studies. Our study highlights the need for a specific 'TAVI risk score', which could lead to better patient selection. (C) 2013 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Safety, efficacy, and performance of new discrimination algorithms to reduce inappropriate and unnecessary shocks: the PainFree SST clinical study design; Introduction Implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD) shock therapy improves survival of patients at risk for sudden cardiac death. The high sensitivity of ICDs to detect tachycardia events is accompanied by reduced specificity resulting in inappropriate and unnecessary shocks. Up to 30% of ICD patients may experience inappropriate shocks, which are most commonly caused by lead noise, oversensing of T-waves, and supraventricular tachycardias. The new Protecta ICD and cardiac resynchronization therapy devices have been designed to minimize inappropriate and unnecessary shocks through novel SmartShock (TM) technology algorithms targeting these causes. Methods The PainFree SST study is a prospective, multicentre clinical trial, which will be conducted in two consecutive phases. Phase I will assess safety and any delay that may arise in ventricular fibrillation (VF) arrhythmia detection time using new algorithms. Phase II will evaluate reduction of inappropriate and unnecessary shocks at 1 year of follow-up. Additional objectives will include Quality of Life, healthcare utilization, safety of extending the ventricular tachyarrhythmia/VF interval detection duration (18 out of 24 vs. 30 out of 40 intervals), and reasons for inappropriate shock. Up to 2000 subjects in 150 centres worldwide will be enrolled with a follow-up of at least 1 year. Subjects enrolled in Phase I will continue in Phase II of the study and data from all enrolled subjects will contribute to the analysis of Phase II objectives. Conclusion Inappropriate and unnecessary shock delivery remains a significant clinical issue for patients receiving device therapies, which has considerable consequences for patients and the healthcare system. The PainFree SST study will investigate the ability of new algorithms to reduce inappropriate shocks. Results from this study are expected in mid-2013.
Self-reported cocaine use is not associated with elevations in high-sensitivity troponin I; Objective: High-sensitivity troponin (hsTn) assays detect 10 times lower concentrations of cardiac troponin than conventional assays. We examined the effects of self-reported cocaine use to determine whether those with acute cocaine use being evaluated for ACS are more likely to have elevated hsTnI than those nonusers being evaluated for ACS.Methods: We conducted a sub-analysis of a prospective cohort of ED patients evaluated for acute coronary syndrome. Recent cocaine use was determined by structured patient interviews. High-sensitivity troponin (Abbott) and conventional troponin I (Abbott, cTnI) were measured on samples drawn at presentation. Urine toxicology screen for cocaine metabolite was obtained at the discretion of treating clinicians.Results: Of 1862 patients enrolled, 444 reported prior cocaine use and 99 reported cocaine use within the preceding month. Median hsTn in patients with last cocaine use within 24h, 2-7 days, 1 week-1 month, >1 month, and no prior cocaine use were: 9 (IQR: 3-17) ng/L, 6 (IQR: 3-24.3) ng/L, 6 (IQR: 3-89.5) ng/L, 3 (IQR: 3-18.5) ng/L and 3 (IQR: 3-17) ng/L, respectively. Urine toxicology assays (UTox) for cocaine were performed in 640 (34.4%) patients. The median hsTn for those who were UTox+, UTox-and those without a UTox were: 9ng/L (IQR: 3-48.5), 9ng/L (IQR: 3-40) and 3ng/L (IQR: 3-12), respectively. There were no differences in the prevalence of new troponin elevations (hsTn >99th percentile but cTnI <99th percentile) in those with recent cocaine use compared to those without recent cocaine use.Conclusions: In this first investigation of hsTn in patients with self-reported recent cocaine use, we have determined that hsTn does not lead to an increase in the prevalence of troponin elevation in cocaine users.
Determinants of gastrointestinal complications in cardiac surgery; We designed this study to define determinants of gastrointestinal complications after cardiac surgery From January 7992 through December 2000, 11,058 patients underwent cardiac surgery on cardiopulmonary bypass at our institution. Data were prospectively collected and univariate and multivariate analyses conducted. A total of 147 gastrointestinal complications occurred in 129 patients (129/11, 058; 1.2%) including gastroesophagitis (18, 12.2%), upper gastrointestinal hemorrhage (42, 28.6%), perforated peptic ulcer (7, 4.7%), cholecystitis (10, 6.8%), pancreatitis (13, 8.8%), intestinal ischemia (17, 11.5%), colitis (18, 12.2%), diverticulitis (5, 3.4%), intestinal occlusion (2, 1.1%), lower gastrointestinal hemorrhage (1, 0.7%), and mixed gastrointestinal complications (14, 9.5%). Patients with gastrointestinal complications were significantly older and had significantly higher comorbidity (unstable angina, chronic renal failure, and peripheral vascular disease), morbidity (prolonged mechanical ventilation, intra-aortic balloon pumping, bleeding, acute renal failure, stroke, and infection), and mortality rates (22.5% vs 4%, P < 0.0001). They also had longer cardiopulmonary bypass times and higher valvular surgery rates. Multivariate analysis identified 6 independent predictors for gastrointestinal complications: prolonged mechanical ventilation (odds ratio [OR], 5.5), postoperative renal failure (OR, 4.2), sepsis (OR, 3.6), valve surgery (OR, 3.2), preoperative chronic renal failure (OR, 2.7), and sternal infection (OR, 2.4). Factors such as mechanical ventilation, renal failure, and sepsis are the stronger predictors for GI complications, causing splanchnic hypoperfusion, hypomotility, and hypoxia. Furthermore, excessive anticoagulation after valve replacement may lead to GI hemorrhage. Valve surgery, often requiring anticoagulation, increases bleeding. Monitoring mechanical ventilation and hemodynamic parameters, adopting early extubation and mobilization measures, preventing infections, and strictly monitoring renal function and anticoagulation may prevent catastrophic abdominal complications.
Relation of Prolonged P-Wave Duration to Risk of Sudden Cardiac Death in the General Population (from the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study); Prolonged P-wave duration, a marker of left atrial abnormality, is associated with myocardial fibrosis, atrial fibrillation, and all-cause death. It is not known if prolonged P-wave duration is associated with sudden cardiac death (SCD) in the general population. We aimed to evaluate whether prolonged P-wave duration is independently associated with SCD risk in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study, a community-based prospective cohort study. We included 15,321 participants in our analysis (age 54.2 +/- 5.7 years, 55.2% women, 26.4% black). Prolonged P-wave duration was defined as maximum P-wave duration >120 ms and was determined from 12-lead electrocardiograms obtained during 4 exams (1987 to 1999). SCD was physician adjudicated and defined as a sudden, pulseless condition in a previously stable patient without evidence for noncardiac cause of death. We used Cox proportional hazard models to assess the association between prolonged P-wave duration and SCD, adjusting for cardiovascular risk factors and conditions including atrial fibrillation. During a mean follow-up of 12.5 years (1987 to 2001), 268 SCDs were identified. The multivariable hazard ratio (95% confidence interval) of prolonged P-wave duration for SCD was 1.70 (1.31 to 2.20). This association was attenuated but remained significant after updating covariates to the end of follow-up with a hazard ratio of 1.35 (1.04 to 1.76). In conclusion, prolonged P-wave duration is independently associated with an increased risk of SCD in the general population. This association is independent of atrial fibrillation and is only partially mediated by shared cardiovascular risk factors. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Cardiometabolic Changes in Treated Versus Never Treated HIV-Infected Black South Africans: The PURE Study; Background The use of antiretroviral treatment is known to be accompanied by several negative health outcomes and may negatively affect a country such as South Africa, which is the most burdened by the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) in the world. We aimed to determine whether receiving antiretroviral treatment changes the cardiometabolic profile of HIV-infected South Africans. Methods In this sub-study, embedded in the Prospective Urban and Rural Epidemiology (PURE) study, we compared the cardiometabolic profile in a cohort of 66 treated and 71 never treated HIV-infected participants from the North-West province, South Africa. By using standard techniques, these participants' cardiometabolic, biochemical and lifestyle variables were assessed in 2005 and 2010, respectively. Results The treated group showed a higher percentage change in pulse pressure (13.3%; p = 0.004), systolic blood pressure (4.5%; p = 0.029) and CD4 cell count (9.2%; p = 0.009) levels over five years. During follow-up (2010), lipid variables were worse in the treated group. Further, antiretroviral treatment was associated with the percentage change in pulse pressure (R-2 = 0.24; beta = 0.19; p = 0.020). Conclusions We concluded that Africans receiving antiretroviral treatment had a greater increase in pulse pressure and systolic blood pressure, as well as an unfavourable lipid profile when compared to never treated participants. Whether, in the long term, antiretroviral treatment will lead to increased arterial stiffness and/or accelerated atherosclerosis among this HIV-infected African population remains to be seen.
Inaccuracy of the FloTrac/Vigileo™ System in Patients With Low Cardiac Index; Objectives: The goal of this study was to compare cardiac output derived from the FloTrac/Vigileo (TM) system (COFT) with cardiac output measured by 3-dimensional transesophageal echocardiography (CO3D) in patients with severe heart failure undergoing cardiac resynchronization therapy. The impact of preoperative systemic vascular resistance index on the accuracy of the FloTrac/Vigileo (TM) system also was investigated. Design: Prospective clinical study. Setting: Cardiac surgery operating room of a single cardiovascular center. Participants: Forty-one patients undergoing elective cardiac resynchronization therapy lead implantation. Interventions: CO3D as the reference method and COFT were determined simultaneously after induction of anesthesia. Measurements and Main Results: Linear regression analysis showed a poor correlation between CO3D and COFT(R-2 = 0.16). Bland-Altman plots showed wide limits of agreement between CO3D and COFT. Bias was 0.60 +/- 0.63 L/min with a high percentage error of 58.2%. Subgroup analysis showed that the percentage error between CO3D and COFT was 74.1% in patients with a cardiac index <2.2 L/min/m(2) and 17.2% in patients with a cardiac index >= 2.2 L/min/m(2). Systemic vascular resistance index was significantly higher in patients with a cardiac index <2.2 L/min/m(2) (3,037 +/- 820 v 2,461 +/- 878; p = 0.039). Conclusions: The FloTrac/Vigileo (TM) system is not accurate in patients with low cardiac output, especially those with a cardiac index <2.2 L/min/m(2). A high systemic vascular resistance index in patients with low cardiac index may contribute to this inaccuracy. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Cardiac surgery related cardio-renal syndrome assessed by conventional and novel biomarkers - under or overestimated diagnosis?; Introduction: Serum creatinine is a 'gold standard' criterion of recognizing and staging of acute kidney injury (AKI) despite it being a suboptimal, delayed indicator. The interpretation of increased values of biomarkers imposes great difficulty regarding cardiac surgery procedures performed with cardiopulmonary bypass and may lead to under-or overestimated diagnosis. The aim of this study was to evaluate the clinical utility of the sole serum creatinine or urine neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) concentration used for identification of patients with AKI after cardiac surgery. Material and methods: A prospective observational study was conducted on a group of 88 adult patients undergoing a coronary artery bypass grafting procedure. Serum creatinine was evaluated on the day of the operation, and 24 and 48 h post-operatively. Urinary NGAL concentration was measured: immediately after and one hour after cardiopulmonary bypass, and 24 h from the beginning of the operation. We assessed features of kidney injury and 30-day and 5-year mortality. Results: Patients in the AKI group diagnosed with creatinine level and urine output criteria presented more advanced age (p = 0.01), higher body mass index (p = 0.01) and preoperative myocardial infarction (p = 0.02). Elevation of NGAL level was observed in 5 of 13 cases with AKI, based on creatinine criteria and 4 of 75 cases without AKI. Within 5 years after the surgical procedure the recurrence of renal failure was 36% in the AKI group (with perioperative NGAL elevation in 2 cases only). Conclusions: In the cardiac surgery patients the diagnosis of AKI based on sole serum creatinine or urine NGAL concentration confirmed transient kidney injury. However, the clinical implications of these findings are insufficient for prediction of clinical outcome.
Mortality risk and complications relating to interhospital transfers of patients with acute coronary syndrome receiving primary coronary angioplasty performed by the Medical Emergency Service of Madrid 112: a group comparison study; Introduction: The performance of a primary percutaneous coronary intervention is the practice recommendation with the highest level of evidence for the treatment of acute coronary syndrome (ACS). If this intervention cannot be performed at the hospital where the patient is admitted, the patient must be transferred to a hospital with a haemodynamic laboratory. This can lead to a decreased availability of a mobile intensive care unit (MICU), contributing towards a lower survival rate of critical patients due to a delay in treatment administration. The aim of this study was to describe the risk of mortality, the complications, and the impact of interhospital transfer (IHT) in patients diagnosed with an ACS. Methods: A prospective observational study was performed comparing two patient groups: patients diagnosed with ST-segment elevation (STEMI) and patients diagnosed with non-ST-segment elevation. The variables collected included sex, age, cardiovascular risk factors, and any complications arising during IHT. Prior to being transported, the Risk Score for Transport Patients (RSTP) was used, together with the Rapid Emergency Medicine Score (REMS). The latter scale was repeated upon arrival at the accepting medical facility. Results: The study included 104 patients, of whom 67 were men (64.42%). Of these, 52.88% were diagnosed with STEMI. Patients with ACS presented an intermediate risk of mortality and the need for transfer to a MICU was indicated. The incidence of complications registered during transfers was 16.35%. Conclusions: The use of scales such as the REMS and the RSTP are helpful for obtaining a more objective risk profile, suited to the real needs of patients diagnosed with an ACS.
Profile of sacubitril/valsartan in the treatment of heart failure: patient selection and perspectives; With an estimated prevalence of 5.8 million in the USA and over 23 million people worldwide, heart failure (HF) is growing in epidemic proportions. Despite the use of guideline-directed medical therapies such as angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, beta-adrenergic blockers, angiotensin receptor blockers, and mineralocorticoid receptor antagonists for chronic systolic HF for almost two decades, HF remains a leading cause of morbidity, mortality, and health care expenditures. The Prospective Comparison of Angiotensin Receptor-Neprilysin Inhibitor with Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme Inhibitor to Determine Impact on Global Mortality and Morbidity in Heart Failure (PARADIGM-HF) trial provided compelling evidence for the cardiovascular and mortality benefit of sacubitril/valsartan when compared to enalapril in patients with heart failure and reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF). Sacubitril/valsartan performed better than enalapril across various HFrEF patient characteristics and showed substantial benefit in patients with other common comorbidities. Following the trial, the US Food and Drug Administration approved this drug for the treatment of HF. Various international HF consensus guidelines endorse sacubitril/valsartan as a class I recommendation for the management of symptomatic HFrEF. Although this high-quality clinical study is the largest and the most globally represented trial in HFrEF patients, concerns have been raised regarding the generalizability of the trial results in real-world HF population. The gaps in US Food and Drug Administration labeling and guideline recommendations might lead to this medication being used in a larger population than it was studied in. In this review, we will discuss the current role of sacubitril/valsartan in the management of HF, concerns related to PARADIGM-HF and answers, shortcomings of this novel drug, effects on patient characteristics, real-world eligibility, and the role of ongoing and further investigations to clarify the profile of sacubitril/valsartan in the management of HF.
The full benefits of adult pneumococcal vaccination: A systematic review; Background Pneumococcal disease causes substantial morbidity and mortality, including among adults. Adult pneumococcal vaccines help to prevent these burdens, but they are underused. Accounting for the full benefits of adult pneumococcal vaccination may promote more rational resource allocation decisions with respect to adult pneumococcal vaccines. Objectives Using the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines, we conducted a systematic review to assess the extent to which the literature has empirically captured (e.g., through measurement or modeling) the full benefits of adult pneumococcal vaccination. Methods We systematically searched PubMed and Embase to identify studies published between January 1, 2010 and April 10, 2016 that examine adult pneumococcal vaccination. We included articles if they captured any health or economic benefit of an adult pneumococcal vaccine administered to adults age >= 50 or >= 18 in risk groups. Finally, we summarized the literature by categorizing the types of benefits captured, the perspective taken, and the strength of the evidence presented. Our protocol is number 42016038335 in the PROSPERO International prospective register of systematic reviews. Results We identified 5,857 papers and included 150 studies for analysis. While most capture health gains and healthcare cost savings, far fewer studies consider additional benefit categories, such as productivity gains. However, the studies with a broader approach still exhibit significant limitations; for example, many present only abstracts, while others offer no new measurements. Studies that examine the 13-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine focus more on broad economic benefits, but still have limitations. Conclusions This review highlights the need for more robust empirical accounting of the full benefits of adult pneumococcal vaccination. Literature outside this realm indicates that these broad benefits may be substantial. Failing to investigate the full benefits may lead society to undervalue vaccines' contributions and therefore underinvest in their development and adoption.
Effect of continuous smoking reduction and abstinence on blood pressure and heart rate in smokers switching to electronic cigarettes; We present prospective blood pressure (BP) and hear rate (HR) changes in smokers invited to switch to e-cigarettes in the ECLAT study. BP and HR changes were compared among (1) different study groups (users of high, low, and zero nicotine products) and (2) pooled continuous smoking phenotype classification (same phenotype from week 12 to -52), with participants classified as quitters (completely quit smoking), reducers (a parts per thousand yen50 % reduction in smoking consumption) and failures (< 50 % or no reduction in smoking consumption). Additionally, the latter comparison was repeated in a subgroup of participants with elevated BP at baseline. No significant changes were observed among study groups for systolic BP, diastolic BP, and HR. In 145 subjects with a continuous smoking phenotype, we observed lower systolic BP at week 52 compared to baseline but no effect of smoking phenotype classification. When the same analysis was repeated in 66 subjects with elevated BP at baseline, a substantial reduction in systolic BP was observed at week 52 compared to baseline (132.4 +/- A 12.0 vs. 141.2 +/- A 10.5 mmHg, p < 0.001), with a significant effect found for smoking phenotype classification. After adjusting for weight change, gender and age, reduction in systolic BP from baseline at week 52 remains associated significantly with both smoking reduction and smoking abstinence. In conclusion, smokers who reduce or quit smoking by switching to e-cigarettes may lower their systolic BP in the long term, and this reduction is apparent in smokers with elevated BP. The current study adds to the evidence that quitting smoking with the use of e-cigarettes does not lead to higher BP values, and this is independently observed whether e-cigarettes are regularly used or not.
Doppler echocardiographic assessment of left ventricular diastolic function in coronary heart disease; Background and objective: Changes in left ventricular (LV) diastolic function lead to characteristic changes in the transmitral flow profile as determined by Doppler echocardiography (DEC). Although DEC cannot provide direct quantitative measurement of LV filling pressures and is influenced by several factors, transmitral flow correlates well with LV haemodynamics. In this prospective study the results of transthoracic DEC were compared with haemodynamic parameters in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD) and their clinical value assessed. Patients and methods: 254 consecutive patients with CHD (67 women, 187 men, aged 62.5 +/- 8.5 years) underwent transthoracic DEC. The ratio of early to late diastolic velocity (VE/VA) and early diastolic deceleration time (DT) of the transmitral flow were measured as an indication of diastolic LV function. Results: Patients with reduced LV compliance and increased filling pressure (LV enddiastolic pressure [LVEDP] >15 mm hg) had a restrictive transmitral flow profile with a significantly higher than normal VE/VA and a shorter DT (1.35 +/- 0.84 vs. 0.86 +/- 0.26, P < 0.001; and 158 +/- 45 vs. 213 +/- 35, P < 0.001, respectively). VE/VA and DT also significantly correlated with LVEDP (r = 0.65, P < 0.001 and r = -0.60, P < 0.001 respectively). Sensitivity and specificity of an LVEDP of > 15 mm Hg were 67% and 84%, respectively, for a VE/VA of more than 1, and 65% and 91 % for a DT of less than 170. The combination of the two parameters increased specificity to 97%. Conclusion: Determining the transmitral flow profile makes it possible noninvasively to obtain an indication of LV enddiastolic function. Patients with severe diastolic dysfunction and increased filling pressures are recognized with a high degree of specificity.
DIAGNOSTIC-VALUE AND THERAPEUTIC IMPACT OF PULMONARY-ARTERY CATHETERS - PROSPECTIVE ASSESSMENT IN AN INTENSIVE-CARE UNIT; Background: The diagnostic value and the therapeutic impact of pulmonary artery catheters have been repeatedly challenged. As part of a quality assurance project we compared clinical assessment with invasive measurements of hemodynamic parameters in critically ill patients and assessed changes in therapy following catheter insertion. Methods: In 47 consecutive patients (age 31-79 years; mean APACHE-II score 19+/-8) of a medical intensive care unit both physicians and intensive care nurses independently estimated mean pulmonary arterial pressure (PAP(m)), pulmonary capillary wedge pressure (PCWP), and cardiac output (GO) prior to pulmonary artery catheterization based on available clinical and radiological information. The physician-in-charge had to specify a presumptive treatment strategy in case hemodynamic measurements were not available. Results: In 19% minor complications due to catheter insertion occurred, only one requiring intervention (intravenous adenosine). Overall, PAP, was correctly predicted in 56%, PCWP in 51% and CO in 50% of the patients (Z > 2.6; p < 0.01 for all 3 parameters). There was no statistically significant difference in the percentage of correct predictions between physicians of different training levels or between physicians and nurses. In patients with sepsis the clinical prediction of PAP, (37% correct) and of PCWP (37%) was probably not better than by chance alone (Z = 1.53; p = 0.06). In 21% there was a major change in treatment after obtaining the invasive hemodynamic values compared to the preinsertion plan. Conclusions: Although randomized trials have not yet shown pulmonary artery catheterization to decrease mortality in critically ill patients, possible useful effects on intermediate outcomes cannot be excluded in view of the high numbers of misjudgements based on clinical information alone and the considerable number of changes in therapy following catheter insertion. Reducing uncertainty in clinical judgement may not in every case lead to a beneficial strategy, but it may prevent potentially harmful decisions.
Short-term effects of statin therapy in patients with hyperlipoproteinemia after liver transplantation: results of a randomized cross-over trial; Background/Aims: Hyperlipoproteinemia is frequent following Liver transplantation and may lead to atherosclerosis. Lipid-lowering agents may be useful, but could interfere with the function of the transplanted organ and with immunosuppression. We therefore evaluated in a prospective, randomized, open-labeled cross-over trial the effect of two frequently used 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors (pravastatin 10 mg d(-1) and cerivastatin 0.1 mg d(-1)) in hyperlipoproteinemic patients after liver transplantation. Methods: Sixteen patients (6.3 +/- 2.0 years post-transplantation, cyclosporine n = 11, tacrolimus n = 5) with hyperlipoproteinemia (cholesterol 246 +/- 42, triglycerides 191 +/- 83, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol 161 +/- 35, high-density lipoprotein (hDL)-cholesterol 43 +/- 11 mg dl(-1)) were included. Treatment periods of 6 weeks were separated by a 4-week washout period. Results: Both medications were tolerated well, no effects on serum concentrations of liver enzymes or immunosuppressive agents were observed. Cerivastatin and pravastatin decreased (P < 0.001) cholesterol by 21 +/- 10% and 15 +/- 10%, LDE-cholesterol by 27 +/- 14% and 17 +/- 15%, respectively, while triglyceride and HDL-cholesterol concentrations did not change significantly. LDL/HDL-cholesterol markedly improved (P < 0.001) by 29 +/- 16% (cerivastatin) and 16 +/- 16% (pravastatin). Cerivastatin was more potent than pravastatin in patients receiving cyclosporine A,while there was no significant difference in patients receiving tacrolimus, Conclusions: Low-dose cerivastatin and pravastatin significantly improve lipid profiles following liver transplantation without affecting liver function or immunosuppression. (C) 2001 European Association for the Study of the Liver. Published by Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Age, Gender, and Race-Based Coronary Artery Calcium Score Percentiles in the Brazilian Longitudinal Study of Adult Health (ELSA-Brasil); Background: Coronary artery calcium (CAC) has been demonstrated to independently predict the risk of cardiovascular events and all-cause mortality, especially among White populations. Although the population distribution of CAC has been determined for several White populations, the distribution in ethnically admixed groups has not been well established. Hypothesis: The CAC distribution, stratified for age, gender and race, is similar to the previously described distribution in the MESA study. Methods: The Brazilian Longitudinal Study of Adult Health (ELSA-Brasil) is a prospective cohort study designed to investigate subclinical cardiovascular disease in 6 different centers of Brazil. Similar to previous studies, individuals with self-reported coronary or cerebrovascular disease and those treated for diabetes mellitus were excluded from analysis. Results: Percentiles of CAC distribution were estimated with nonparametric techniques. The analysis included 3616 individuals (54% female; mean age, 50 years). As expected, CAC prevalence and burden were steadily higher with increasing age, as well as increased in men and in White individuals. Our results revealed that for a given CAC score, the ELSA-derived CAC percentile would be lower in men compared with the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA) and would be higher in women compared with MESA. Conclusions: In our sample of the Brazilian population, we observed significant differences in CAC by sex, age, and race. Adjusted for age and sex, low-risk individuals from the Brazilian population present with significantly lower CAC prevalence and burden compared with other low-risk individuals from other worldwide populations. Using US-derived percentiles in Brazilian individuals may lead to overestimating relative CAC burden in men and underestimating relative CAC burden in women.
Prospective investigation of major dietary patterns and risk of cardiovascular mortality in Bangladesh; Background: Dietary pattern analysis is emerging as a practical, effective tool for relating comprehensive dietary intake to risk of cardiovascular disease mortality. However, no studies have applied this technique to a population outside of the developed world. Methods: We conducted prospective cohort analyses in 11,116 participants enrolled in the Health Effects of Arsenic Study in Araihazar, Bangladesh, measuring deaths attributable to disease of circulatory system, heart disease, and cerebrovascular disease. Participants were enrolled in 2000 and followed up for an average of 6.6 years. Dietary information was obtained through a previously validated food-frequency questionnaire at baseline. Results: Principal component analysis based on our comprehensive, 39 item FFQ yielded 3 dietary patterns: (i) a "balanced" pattern, comprised of steamed rice, red meat, fish, fruit and vegetables; (ii) an "animal protein" diet, which was more heavily weighted towards eggs, milk, red meat, poultry, bread, and vegetables; and (iii) a "gourd and root vegetable" diet that heavily relied on a variety of gourds, radishes, pumpkin, sweet potato, and spinach. We observed a positive association between increasing adherence to the animal protein diet and risk of death from both disease of the circulatory system and heart disease; the hazard ratios were 1.13 (95% CI, 1.00-1.28, p=0.05) and 1.17 (95% CI, 0.99-1.38, p=0.07), respectively, in relation to one standard deviation increase in the factor scores for the animal protein diet pattern, after controlling for age, sex, body mass index, smoking status, and energy intake. The positive association was more significant among ever smokers; the hazard ratios (95% CI) for deaths from disease of the circulatory system and heart disease were 1.17 (1.02-1.34) and 1.20 (1.00-1.45), respectively, in relation to one standard deviation increase in the factor scores for the animal protein diet pattern. Conclusions: An animal protein-rich diet in rural Bangladesh may increase risk of heart disease mortality, especially among smokers. This emphasizes the need to further explore and address the impact of dietary patterns on cardiovascular disease in populations undergoing epidemiologic transition. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Minor cardiac troponin T release in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass graft surgery on a beating heart; Objectives: To determine whether and to what extent coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery without extracorporeal circulation is associated with cardiac troponin T (TnT) release. Design: Prospective study. Setting: A single university hospital. Participants: Twenty-three patients scheduled for minimally invasive CABG surgery. Sixteen patients received one coronary anastomosis, and seven received two. Interventions: TnT and creatine kinase-MB (CK-MB) levels were determined immediately before induction of anesthesia (baseline) and at 0, 12, and 24 hours after surgery. Hemodynamic measurements were made, and 5-lead electrocardiograms with continuous automated ST-segment trends were analyzed. Measurements and Main Results: All patients had a good cardiac outcome. Median cumulative coronary artery occlusion time was 27 minutes (range, 10 to 49 minutes). TnT levels were undetectable in 91.3% of patients at baseline when a detection limit of 0.01 ng/mL was employed. TnT and CK-NIB showed significant elevations at 12 and 24 hours versus baseline. Postoperatively, TnT was detectable in 91.3% of patients, and 17.4% suffered minor myocardial damage, as evidenced by an abnormal increase in TnT greater than 0.2 ng/ml, excluding those exhibiting myocardial infarction. ST segment changes developed in seven patients, persisting for 13.0 minutes (range, 9.5 to 15.8 minutes) and disappearing immediately after coronary artery clamp release. There were no significant correlations between cumulative coronary occlusion time and peak TnT or CK-MB levels. Conclusions:TnT was detected after surgery in most patients, and significant TnT levels indicative of myocardial injury (>0.2 ng/mL) were detected in only 17% of patients, probably as a result of brief periods of coronary artery occlusion. Copyright (C) 2000 by W.B. Saunders Company.
A prospective trial of diaspirin cross-linked hemoglobin solution in patients after elective repair of abdominal aortic aneurysm; We evaluated the safety, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics of diaspirin cross-linked hemoglobin (DCLHb) solution in patients after repair of abdominal aortic aneurysm. We performed a randomized, single-blind controlled study with 10 patients in the surgical intensive care unit of a tertiary care facility. Within 24 hours after repair of an abdominal aortic aneurysm, each patient received an infusion of DCLHb (50 mg/kg or 35 mL for a 70-kg patient) or an equal volume of hetastarch. Variables were measured before infusion, at 15 and 30 minutes postinfusion, and at hourly intervals up to 72 hours. Compared with controls, the experimental group had significantly greater mean pulmonary artery pressure at 30 minutes (mean +/- SD, 26.4 +/- 3.18 vs. 22.8 +/- 2.86 mm Hg), greater mean arterial pressure through 30 minutes (100.8 +/- 8.67 vs. 81.6 +/- 13.8 mm Hg), and greater plasma hemoglobin through 2 hours (69.3 +/- 6.08 vs. 1.8 +/- 0 g/dL). Cardiac output was significantly less in the DCLHb group at 2 hours (5.34 +/- 7.92 vs. 6.18 +/- 0.54 L/minute), levels of serum bilirubin were significantly less at 24 and 48 hours (94 +/- 0.26 vs. 1.56 +/- 0.73 mg/dL), and platelet counts were significantly greater at 24 hours (128 +/- 35.8 vs. 101 +/- 55.7 mg/dL). The two groups did not differ in oxygen delivery or consumption. One patient treated with DCLHb had a myocardial infarction 36 hours postinfusion. No patient had antibodies to DCLHb. At this dosage, DCLHb was well tolerated without severe organ dysfunction or toxicity. However, its use may lead to decreases in cardiac output because of increases in afterload, which may pose serious problems with left ventricular function.
QT INTERVAL IN ANOREXIA-NERVOSA; Objectives-To determine the incidence of a long QT interval as a marker for sudden death in patients with anorexia nervosa and to assess the effect of refeeding. To define a long QT interval by linear regression analysis and estimation of the upper limit of the confidence interval (95% CI) and to compare this with the commonly used Bazett rate correction formula. Design-Prospective case control study. Setting-Tertiary referral unit for eating disorders. Subjects-41 consecutive patients with anorexia nervosa admitted over an 18 month period. 28 age and sex matched normal controls. Main outcome measures-maximum QT interval measured on 12 lead electrocardiograms. Results-43.6% of the variability in the QT interval was explained by heart rate alone (p < 0.00001) and group analysis contributed a further 5.9% (p = 0.004). In 6(15%) patients the QT interval was above the upper limit of the 95% CI for the prediction based on the control equation (NS). Two patients died suddenly; both had a QT interval at or above the upper limit of the 95% CI. In patients who reached their target weights the QT interval was significantly shorter (median 9.8 ms; p = 0.04) relative to the upper limit of the 60% CI of the control regression line, which best discriminated between patients and controls. The median Bazett rate corrected QT interval (QTc) in patients and controls was 435 v 405 ms.s(-1/2) (p = 0.0004), and before and after refeeding it was 435 v 432 ms.s(1/2) (NS). In 14(34%) patients and three (11%) controls the QTc was > 440 ms.s(-1/2) (p = 0.053). Conclusions-The QT interval was longer in patients with anorexia nervosa than in age and sex matched controls, and there was a significant tendency to reversion to normal after refeeding. The Bazett rate correction formula overestimated the number of patients with QT prolongation and also did not show an improvement with refeeding.
Prognostic value of biochemical markers, 12-lead ECG and patient characteristics amongst patients calling for an ambulance due to a suspected acute coronary syndrome; Objectives. To evaluate whether a 12-lead ECG, together with a multi-marker strategy that used point-of-care measurements of myoglobin, creatine kinase (CK-MB) and troponin I, was able to predict patients at short- and long-term risk of death, when simultaneously considering age, gender, previous history, symptoms and clinical findings on arrival of the ambulance. Design. Prospective observational study. Setting and subjects. Consecutive patients (n=511) in ambulances in Stockholm and Goteborg in Sweden who called for an ambulance due to chest pain or other symptoms raising a suspicion of acute coronary syndrome. Intervention. In almost all patients, a diagnostic ECG, patient baseline characteristics and measurements of CK-MB, troponin I and myoglobin were recorded. Results. In univariate analysis, the highest 30-day mortality (17%) was found amongst patients with the combination of ECG signs of myocardial ischaemia and the elevation of any biochemical marker. The highest 1-year mortality (20%) was found amongst patients with ECG signs of myocardial ischaemia and the elevation of any biochemical marker. Increasing age (RR 1.07; 95 CI 1.02-1.13) lack of symptoms of chest pain and a previous history of hypertension (3.02; 1.08-8.79) were independent predictors of 30-day mortality. Myoglobin was the only biochemical marker independently associated with 30-day mortality (6.66; 1.83-22.3). Increasing age (1.11; 1.06-1.16), previous history of diabetes (3.42; 1.41-8.25) heart failure (2.64; 1.26-5.52) and other symptoms than chest pain and dyspnoea (5.23; 2.14-12.76) were independent predictors of 1-year mortality. In many of the variables the confidence limits were wide. Conclusion. Amongst patients with a clinical suspicion of acute coronary syndrome, those with the combination of ECG signs of myocardial ischaemia and the elevation of any biochemical marker on arrival of the ambulance form a group with a particularly high risk of death. However, age as well as aspects of clinical history and type of symptoms independently contribute to prognostic information.
Increase in plasma esterified F<sub>2</sub>-isoprostanes following intravenous iron infusion in patients on hemodialysis; Background. In epoetin-treated dialysis patients. currently iron is administered by the intravenous route to maintain optimum erythropoiesis. However, rapid infusion of iron in excess of transferrin binding capacity can lead to the availability of unbound iron that can theoretically catalyze peroxidation of lipids, such as low-density lipoprotein (LDL), which when oxidatively modified is proinflammatory and promotes atherogenesis. Methods. To address this issue, our study used one of the most specific measures of lipid peroxidation available, namely gas chromatography/mass spectometry (GC/MS) analysis of F-2-isoprostanes. Using a prospective design, blood samples were collected 15 minutes before (pre) and 30 minutes after (post) a one-hour infusion of 700 mg bolus of intravenous iron in 22 adult home-hemodialysis patients on a non-hemodialysis day. Results. With iron-dextran infusion, serum iron markedly increased (mean +/- SE, 42 +/- 4 vs. 311 +/- 92 mug/dL, P < 0.0001) and exceeded the transferrin saturation of 100% in 22 out of 22 patients (pre 23 +/- 3 vs. post 165 +/- 8%, P < 0.0001). Plasma concentrations of free F-2-isoprostanes did not change significantly following infusion of iron (pre 40 +/- 5 vs. post 39 +/- 6 pg/mL). However, levels of F-2-isoprostanes esterified in plasma lipoproteins increased significantly in the postinfusion samples (pre 199 +/- 19 vs. post 233 = 25 pg/mL. P < 0.004). Pre-infusion levels of serum iron correlated directly with pre-infusion levels of esterified F-2-isoprostanes (r = 0.56, P = 0.008), which persisted in the postinfusion period (r = 0.43, P = 0.04). However, there was no correlation between esterified F-2-isoprostanes and serum ferritin levels. In the last four patients in whom blood samples were collected five hours after the intravenous iron infusion. there were further increases in esterified F-2-isoprostanes that very closely correlated with postinfusion serum iron levels (r = 0.99 P = 0.013). In a control study, the in vitro addition of iron dextran to blood samples did not increase free or esterified F-2-isoprostanes, suggesting that the increase in esterified F-2-isoprostanes seen in vivo after iron infusion in patients is not due to a procedural artifact. Conclusion. Collectively our data suggest that high levels of serum iron appearing soon after a large bolus of iron infusion is associated with significant, albeit modest, increases in levels of F-2-isoprostanes esterified in plasma lipoproteins that tended to increase with time. Although it is uncertain whether this degree of lipid peroxidation may have deleterious effects, it may be sagacious to explore whether this can be prevented by slow infusion of frequent smaller doses of iron and, if necessary, along with administration of antioxidants.
Perioperative safety of Hydrosoft coils; Objective Hydrosoft coils were developed to serve as finishing coils to prevent aneurysmal recurrence at the neck. Initial animal studies were encouraging since some studies showed endothelial healing across the neck without recurrence over time. However, theoretical concerns exist regarding the potential threat to parent vessels as the Hydrosoft coils at the neck expand, as well as whether such coils can be adequately supple to safely serve as a true finishing coil. A retrospective review of the initial clinical experience utilizing Hydrosoft coils from three high-volume centers was performed. Methods Each center was asked to report angiographic (aneurysmal location, aneurysmal maximal size, neck size, incidence of intraprocedural parent vessel thrombosis, coil herniation, aneurysmal rupture as well as Raymond scale and percent occlusion after coiling) and clinical (rupture status, Hunt and Hess grade, incidence of stroke, hemorrhage, vasospasm and hydrocephalus) data on consecutive patients who underwent placement of Hydrosoft coils. Results A total of 141 patients were enrolled. Embolization achieved a Raymond Scale score of I (complete obliteration) in 79 aneurysms (56%), II (residual neck) in 40 aneurysms (28%) and III (residual dome) in 21 aneurysms (15%); in one case the Hydrosoft coil could not be placed. Procedural morbidity and mortality were 2.1% and 1.4%, respectively. No complications were definitively attributed to the use of Hydrosoft coils. There were three cases (2.1%) of parent vessel thrombosis, two of which resolved after intraprocedural administration of thrombolytic agents and did not lead to neurological sequelae. The incidences of intraprocedural or periprocedural aneurysmal rupture (2.1%), cerebral hemorrhage (3.5%), stroke (4.9%), vasospasm (26.2%) or hydrocephalus (31.1%) were comparable to contemporary literature. Conclusion The use of Hydrosoft coils appears to be safe and does not lead to higher complication rates than are currently accepted in the literature. Further prospective studies are required to determine whether the use of Hydrosoft coils results in a lower incidence of aneurysmal recurrence.
Incidence and predictors of asymptomatic atrial fibrillation in patients older than 70 years with complete atrioventricular block and dual chamber pacemaker implantation; Aim To evaluate predictors of asymptomatic atrial fibrillation in patients older than 70 years with complete atrioventricular (AV) block, normal left ventricular systolic function, and implanted dual chamber (DDD) pacemaker. Methods Hundred and eighty six patients with complete AV block were admitted over one year to the Sisters of Mercy University Hospital. The study recruited patients older than 70 years, with no history of atrial fibrillation, heart failure, or reduced left ventricular systolic function. All the patients were implanted with the same pacemaker. Out of 103 patients who were eligible for the study, 81(78%) were evaluated. Among those 81(78%) were evaluated. Eighty one (78%) patients were evaluated. Follow-up time ranged from 12 to 33 months (average standard deviation 23 5 months). Primary end-point was asymptomatic atrial fibrillation occurrence recorded by the pacemaker. Atrial fibrillation occurrence was defined as atrial high rate episodes (AHRE) lasting > 5 minutes. Binary logistic regression was used to identify the predictors of development of asymptomatic atrial fibrillation. Results The 81 patients were stratified into two groups depending on the presence of AHRE lasting > 5 minutes (group 1 had AHRE > 5 minutes and group 2 AHRE < 5 minutes). AHRE lasting > 5 minutes were detected in 49 (60%) patients after 3 months and in 53 (65%) patients after 18 moths. After 3 months, only hypertension (odds ratio [OR] 17.63; P=0.020) was identified as a predictor of asymptomatic atrial fibrillation. After 18 months, hypertension (OR, 14.0; P=0.036), P wave duration > 100 ms in 12 lead ECG (OR, 16.5; P=0.001), and intracardial atrial electrogram signal amplitude > 4 mV (OR, 4.27; P=0.045) were identified as predictors of atrial fibrillation. Conclusion In our study population, hypertension was the most robust and constant predictor of asymptomatic atrial fibrillation after 3 months, while P wave duration > 100 ms in 12-lead ECG and intracardial atrial signal amplitude were predictors after 18 months.
Extracorporeal Shock Wave Stimulation as Alternative Treatment Modality for Wrist and Fingers Spasticity in Poststroke Patients: A Prospective, Open-Label, Preliminary Clinical Trial; Objective. To evaluate the elfectiveness if radial shock waves (rESW) for evrist and fingers flexors spasticity in stroke patients. Methods. Twenty patients with upper limb muscle spasticity were enrolled in the study and treated with a single session of rESW The spasticity level of the radio carpal (RC) and finger (FF) joints was assessed using Modified Ashworth Scale (MAS). The resting hioclectrical activity of the flexor carpi radialis (FCR) and flexor carpi ulnaris (ECU) was examined using surface electromyography (sEMG). Trophic conditions were measured using infrared thermal (IRT) imaging. All measurements were conducted at baseline (t(0)), immediately after rESW (t(1)), and 1 (t(2)) and 24 (t(3)) hours following rESW. Results. Significant reduction in MAS was observed for the RC joint in t(1), as well as for the FF joints in t(1), t(2), and t(3). A significant decrease in sEMG was shown for the FCR muscle in t(1) and t(2), as well as for the FCU muscle in t(1), and t(3). Also, a significant increase in IRT value was observed in t(3) only. Conclusions. A single session of rESW could be an effective alternative treatment for reduction of limb spasticity and could lead to improvement of trophic conditions of the spastic muscles.
Predicting the impact of population level risk reduction in cardio-vascular disease and stroke on acute hospital admission rates over a 5 year period - a pilot study; The brief for this study was to produce a practical, evidence based, financial planning tool., which could be used to present an economic argument for funding a public health-based prevention programme in coronary heart disease (CHD) related illness on the same basis as treatment interventions. Objectives: To explore the possibility of using multivariate risk prediction equations, derived from the Framingham and other studies, to estimate how many people in a population are likely to be admitted to hospital in the next 5-10 years with cardio vascular disease (CVD) related events such as heart attacks, strokes, heart failure and kidney disease To estimate the potential financial impact of reductions in hospital admissions, on an 'invest to save' basis, if primary care trusts (PCTs) were to invest in public health based interventions to reduce cardiovascular risk at a population level. Study design: The populations of five UK PCTs were entered into a spreadsheet based decision tree model, in terms of age and sex (this equated to around 620,000 adults). An estimation was made to determine how many people, in each age group, were likely to be diabetic. Population risk factors such as smoking rates, mean body mass index (BMI), mean total cholesterol and mean systolic blood pressure were entered by age group. The spreadsheet then used a variant of the Framingham equation to calculate how many non-diabetic people in each age group were likely to have a heart attack or stroke in the next 5 years. In addition heart failure and dialysis admission rates were estimated based upon risk factors for incidence. The United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study (UKPDS) risk engines 56 and 60 were used to calculate the risk of CHD and stroke, respectively, in people with type 2 diabetes. The spreadsheet deducted the number of people likely to die before reaching hospital and produced a predicted number of hospital admissions for each category over a 5-year period. The final part of the calculation attached a cost to the hospital activity using the UK Health Resource Grouping (HRG) tariffs. The predicted number of events in each of the primary care trusts was then compared with the actual number of events the previous year (2004/2005). Methodology: The study used a decision tree type model, which was populated with data from the research literature. The model applied the risk equations to population data from five primary care trusts to estimate how many people would suffer from an acute CVD related event over the next 5 years. The predicted number of events was then compared with the actual number of acute admissions for heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, acute hypoglycaemic attacks, renal failure and coronary bypass surgery the previous year. Results: The first outcome of the model. was to compare the estimated number of people in each PCT Likely to suffer from a heart attack, a stroke, heart failure or chronic kidney failure with the actual number the previous year 2004/2005. The predicted number was remarkably accurate in the case of heart attack and stroke. There was some over-prediction of chronic kidney disease (CKD) which could be accounted for by known under-diagnosis in this illness group and the inability of the model to pick up, at this stage, the fact that many CKD patients die of a CHD related event before they reach the stage of requiring renal replacement. The second outcome of the model was to estimate the financial consequence of risk reduction. Moderate reductions in risk in the order of around 2-4% were estimated to lead to saving in acute admission costs or around 5.4 pound million over 5 years. More ambitious targets of risk reduction in the order of 5-6% led to estimated savings of around 8.7 pound million. Conclusions: This study is not presented as the definitive approach to predicting the economic consequences of investment in public health on the cost of secondary care. It is simply a Logical, systematic approach to quantifying these issues in order to present a business case for such investment. The research team do not know if the predicted savings would accrue from such investments; it is theoretical at this stage. The point is, however, that if the predictions are correct then the savings will accrue from over 4000 people, from an adult population of around 185,000 not having a heart attack or a stroke or an acute exacerbation of heart failure. (c) 2006 The Royal Institute of Public Health. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cranioplasty after decompressive craniectomy. A prospective series analyzing complications and clinical improvement; Background: Cranioplasty is carried out for cosmetic reasons and for protection, but it may also lead to some neurological improvement after the bone flap placement. Complications of cranioplasty are more frequent than expected for a scheduled neurosurgical procedure. We tried to identify factors associated with both complications and improvement after cranioplasty. Methods: We prospectively studied the cranioplasties performed in our hospital from November 2009 to November 2013. Patients whose initial reason for bone removal was tumor infiltration were excluded. Demographic, clinical and radiological data were collected. The NIH Stroke Scale and Barthel Self-Care Index scores were obtained both before and within 72 h after cranioplasty. The outcome measures were the occurrences of complications and clinical improvement. Results: Fifty-five cranioplasties were performed. The material used for the cranioplasty was autologous bone in 42 cases, polyetheretherketone (PEEK) in 7 and methacrylate in 6. The average size of the bone defect was 69.5 (19.5-149.5) cm(2). The time elapsed between decompressive craniectomy and cranioplasty was 309 (25-1217) days. There were 10 complications (7 severe and 3 mild), an 18.2% complication rate. Statistically significant risk factors of complications were identified as a Barthel <= 70 (Odds ratio [OR] 22; 2.5-192; P = 0.005), age over 45 years (OR 13.5; 1.5-115; P = 0.01) and early surgery (<= 85 days; OR 8; 1.69-37.03, P = 0.004). After multivariate analysis, Barthel <= 70 and age over 45 years remained independent predictors of complications. Twenty-two (40%) of the 55 patients showed objective improvement. Early surgery (<85 days) increased the likelihood of improvement (OR 4.67; 1.05-20.83; P = 0.035). Larger bone defects seemed to be related with improvement, but differences in defect size were not statistically significant (75.3 vs 65.6 cm(2); P=0.1). Conclusions: The complication rate of cranioplasty is higher than for other elective neurosurgical procedures. Older age, poorer functional situation (worse Barthel index score) and early surgery (<= 85 days) are independent risk factors for complications. However, cranioplasty produces clinical benefits beyond protection and esthetic improvement. Earlier surgery and larger bone defects seem to increase the likelihood of clinical improvement. (C) 2014 Sociedad Espanola de Neurocirugia. Published by Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. All rights reserved.
Invited Commentary: Hypertension and Arterial Stiffness-Origins Remain a Dilemma; In this issue of the Journal, Chen et al. (Am J Epidemiol. 2016; 183(7): 599-608) present repeated measures of aorto-femoral pulse wave velocity, capacitive compliance (C-1), and oscillatory compliance (C-2) in the Bogalusa Heart Study, with the purpose of addressing which comes first: blood pressure elevation or arterial stiffening. After an average follow-up period of 7 years (2000-2010), the authors found that blood pressure at a mean age of 36 years predicted change in arterial stiffening by amean age of 43 years, but not the reverse. Essential hypertension results from a mosaic of pathological mechanisms. It has been theorized that biological pathways involving increased sympathetic tone, insulin resistance, renin-angiotensin-aldosterone activation, and inflammation lead to hyperkinetic circulation, volume overload, and vascular remodeling. The resultant accelerated vascular aging may be assessed by determining the degree of arterial stiffness. The findings of Chen et al. add important empirical information to the literature but do not solve the dilemma regarding the origins of essential hypertension, partly because there are many techniques for estimating the many aspects of arterial stiffness which are not fully understood. Mathematical features of estimates might not be uniform across the age range. There is a need for tracking blood pressure and different aspects of arterial stiffness from childhood onward, with an aim of preventing hypertension in adult life.
Cardiovascular effects of raloxifene: The arterial and venous systems; Background Cardiovascular disease caused by atherosclerosis is the largest single killer of women. Prior observational data had suggested that hormone therapy may have cardioprotective effects. Methods Data from clinical trials and basic science studies were evaluated to assess the cardiovascular effects of hormone therapy and selective estrogen replacement modulators. Results Hormone therapy does not appear to lower the risk of cardiovascular events in older postmenopausal women. Selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERMS) have been approved for human use; tamoxifen is used for treatment and prevention of breast cancer and raloxifene is used for the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis. Raloxifene is the only SERM being specifically studied for its effects on coronary heart disease events in a prospective, randomized, controlled trial. Conclusions Although raloxifene does increase venous thromboembolic events, there is suggestive data that it may have favorable effects on the arterial systems in women. Only compelling positive data from the Raloxifene Use for The Heart (RUTH) trial will lead to greater use of SERMS to potentially lower the risk of atherosclerotic vascular disease.
Pulmonary hypertension in chronic dialysis patients with arteriovenous fistula: pathogenesis and therapeutic prospective; Purpose of review End-stage renal disease patients receiving chronic haemodialysis via arteriovenous access often develop various cardiovascular complications, including vascular calcification, cardiac-vascular calcification and atherosclerotic coronary disease. This review describes recently published studies that demonstrate a high incidence of pulmonary hypertension among patients with end-stage renal disease receiving long-term haemodialysis via a surgical arteriovenous fistula. Both end-stage renal disease and long-term haemodialysis via arteriovenous fistula may be involved in the pathogenesis of pulmonary hypertension by affecting pulmonary vascular resistance and cardiac output. Recent findings Morbidity and mortality from cardiovascular disease are greatly increased in patients on maintenance haemodialysis therapy. Using Doppler echocardiography, we found a significant increase in cardiac output in 40% of chronic haemodialysis patients, probably related to the large arteriovenous access or altered vascular resistance as a result of the local vascular tone and function expressed by the imbalance between vasodilators such as nitric oxide, and vasoconstrictors such as endothelin-1. Summary We propose different potential mechanisms as explanations for the development of pulmonary hypertension. Hormonal and metabolic derangement associated with end-stage renal disease might lead to pulmonary arterial vasoconstriction and an increase in pulmonary vascular resistance. Pulmonary arterial pressure may be further increased by high cardiac output resulting from the arteriole-venous access itself, worsened by commonly occurring anaemia and fluid overload.
Obesity and Adverse Breast Cancer Risk and Outcome: Mechanistic Insights and Strategies for Intervention; Recent decades have seen an unprecedented rise in obesity, and the health impact thereof is increasingly evident. In 2014, worldwide, more than 1.9 billion adults were overweight (body mass index [BMI], 25-29.9 kg/m(2)), and of these, over 600 million were obese (BMI >= 30 kg/m(2)). Although the association between obesity and the risk of diabetes and coronary artery disease is widely known, the impact of obesity on cancer incidence, morbidity, and mortality is not fully appreciated. Obesity is associated both with a higher risk of developing breast cancer, particularly in postmenopausal women, and with worse disease outcome for women of all ages. The first part of this review summarizes the relationships between obesity and breast cancer development and outcomes in premenopausal and postmenopausal women and in those with hormone receptor-positive and -negative disease. The second part of this review addresses hypothesized molecular mechanistic insights that may underlie the effects of obesity to increase local and circulating proinflammatory cytokines, promote tumor angiogenesis and stimulate the most malignant cancer stem cell population to drive cancer growth, invasion, and metastasis. Finally, a review of observational studies demonstrates that increased physical activity is associated with lower breast cancer risk and better outcomes. The effects of recent lifestyle interventions to decrease sex steroids, insulin/insulin-like growth factor-1 pathway activation, and inflammatory biomarkers associated with worse breast cancer outcomes in obesity also are discussed. Although many observational studies indicate that exercise with weight loss is associated with improved breast cancer outcome, further prospective studies are needed to determine whether weight reduction will lead to improved patient outcomes. It is hoped that several ongoing lifestyle intervention trials, which are reviewed herein, will support the systematic incorporation of weight loss intervention strategies into care for patients with breast cancer. (C) 2017 The Authors. CA A Cancer Journal for Clinicians published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of American Cancer Society.
Serum S100B levels may be associated with cerebral infarction: a meta-analysis; Objective: The aim of this paper is to explore the potential association of serum human soluble protein-100B protein (S100B) levels with the diagnosis and prognosis of cerebral infarction (CI). Methods: Potential relevant studies were searched for in PubMed, Springerlink, Wiley, EBSCO,Ovid, Web of Science, Wanfang databases, China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) databases and VIP databases. Two investigators extracted data and assessed studies independently. Statistical analyses were carried out with the version 12.0 STATA statistical software. Results: A total of 10 case-control studies that assessed the correlation of 51008 serum level with CI, including 1211 subjects (patients = 773, healthy controls = 438) were included. The results showed that S100B serum levels in CI victims were significantly higher compared with those of the control group. According to the subgroup analysis by ethnicity, S100B serum level in CI victims was statistically significant in Asians and the control group, but no statistical significance was found in Caucasians. An additional subgroup analysis was carried out based on sample size, revealing that the S100B serum levels in CI victims in small samples were of statistical significance; however, no statistical significance was discovered in large samples. Conclusions: Elevator S100B serum levels might be negatively correlated with CI, suggesting that higher serum levels of S100B could lead to more serious condition and worse prognoses for CI patients. Therefore, S100B serum levels could be regarded as a biomarker for CI, and furthermore, S100B could aide in the diagnosis and prognosis of (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Carotid stenosis: change of treatment plan based on repeat duplex ultrasonography; BACKGROUND: This study was conducted to evaluate the change in the treatment plan observed when clinical decisions are made based on initial carotid duplex ultrasonography (DU) performed at an outside center before surgical consultation versus those made based on DU performed in a dedicated vascular laboratory. METHODS: A prospective study of patients who underwent initial DU at an outside facility and repeat DU in a dedicated vascular laboratory for evaluation of carotid stenosis was performed. Initial DU was compared with repeat DU to evaluate clinical impact. RESULTS: Ninety-six consecutive patients were evaluated. Disagreement between initial DU and repeat DU was observed in 27.1% of patients. This disagreement led to a change of treatment plan in 23 of 146 (15.8%) carotid arteries studied. CONCLUSIONS: Reliance on 1 DU in clinical practice, when performed outside a dedicated vascular laboratory, may lead to both unnecessary surgery and missed opportunities for surgery to prevent stroke. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Waist-to-Height Gain and Triiodothyronine Concentrations in a Cohort of Socially Vulnerable Short-Stature Women: A Four-Year Follow-Up Study; Background: Short stature that results from undernourishment during perinatal period is associated with an increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood, particularly in poor populations. The present study investigated changes on anthropometric and metabolic parameters of socially vulnerable women with short stature. Methods: A prospective study with 48 women (19-45 years) who were mothers of undernourished children was conducted. Twenty-five of them were short (height <= 150 cm), and 23 were not short, to serve as a control (height >159 cm). Biochemical, anthropometric and dietary intake data were collected, before and after 4 years of follow-up. A mixed within between analysis of covariance was used to assess the interaction between 'group' and 'time'. Results: Waist-to-height ratio increased only in the short stature group, with significant interaction (+0.03 +/- 0.03 in short group vs. +0.01 +/- 0.03 in control; p for interaction = 0.04). The short stature group showed a significant decrease in the plasma triiodothyronine (T3) concentrations, without significant interaction (-0.16 +/- 0.23 ng/ml in short group vs. -0.04 +/- 0.29 ng/ml in control; p for interaction = 0.20). Conclusion: Women of short stature presented an increase in waist-to-height ratio, with a simultaneous decrease in total plasma T3. These alterations may lead them to increased risk of comorbidities. (C) 2016 S. Karger AG, Basel
Evaluation of Newer Risk Markers for Coronary Heart Disease Risk Classification A Cohort Study; Background: Whether newer risk markers for coronary heart disease (CHD) improve CHD risk prediction remains unclear. Objective: To assess whether newer risk markers for CHD risk prediction and stratification improve Framingham risk score (FRS) predictions. Design: Prospective population-based study. Setting: The Rotterdam Study, Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Participants: 5933 asymptomatic, community-dwelling participants (mean age, 69.1 years [SD, 8.5]). Measurements: Traditional CHD risk factors used in the FRS (age, sex, systolic blood pressure, treatment of hypertension, total and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, smoking, and diabetes) and newer CHD risk factors (N-terminal fragment of prohormone B-type natriuretic peptide levels, von Willebrand factor antigen levels, fibrinogen levels, chronic kidney disease, leukocyte count, C-reactive protein levels, homocysteine levels, uric acid levels, coronary artery calcium [CAC] scores, carotid intima-media thickness, peripheral arterial disease, and pulse wave velocity). Results: Adding CAC scores to the FRS improved the accuracy of risk predictions (c-statistic increase, 0.05 [95% CI, 0.02 to 0.06]; net reclassification index, 19.3% overall [39.3% in those at intermediate risk, by FRS]). Levels of N-terminal fragment of prohormone B-type natriuretic peptide also improved risk predictions but to a lesser extent (c-statistic increase, 0.02 [CI, 0.01 to 0.04]; net reclassification index, 7.6% overall [33.0% in those at intermediate risk, by FRS]). Improvements in predictions with other newer markers were marginal. Limitation: The findings may not be generalizable to younger or nonwhite populations. Conclusion: Among 12 CHD risk markers, improvements in FRS predictions were most statistically and clinically significant with the addition of CAC scores. Further investigation is needed to assess whether risk refinements using CAC scores lead to a meaningful change in clinical outcome. Whether to use CAC score screening as a more routine test for risk prediction requires full consideration of the financial and clinical costs of performing versus not performing the test for both persons and health systems.
Assessment of the association between the presence of fragmented QRS and the predicted risk score of sudden cardiac death at 5 years in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy; Objective: It has been shown that the presence of fragmented QRS (fQRS) is associated with poor prognosis in many cardiovascular diseases and in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM). However, no study has shown an association with the absolute risk score of sudden cardiac death. The aim of this study was to determine the relationship between QRS and the predicted risk score of sudden cardiac death at 5 years (HCM Risk-SCD) in HCM patients. Methods: In total, 115 consecutive HCM patients were included in this prospective observational study. The patients were divided into two groups according to the presence [fQRS(+) group (n= 65)] or absence [fQRS(-) group (n= 50)] of fQRS on a 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG). Results: The HCM Risk-SCD (%) HCM Risk-SCD (>6%) values and some echocardiographic parameters, including ventricular extrasystole, ventricular tachycardia, cardiopulmonary resuscitation, implantable cardioverter defibrillator implantation, appropriate shock, and heart failure at the time of admission, were significantly higher in the fQRS(+) group than in the fQRS(-) group (all p<0.05). Both univariate and multivariate analyses revealed fQRS and New York Heart Association (NYHA) class as independent predictors of HCM Risk-SCD. In a receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis, an HCM Risk-SCD value of >4 was identified as an effective cut-off point in fQRS for HCM. An HCM Risk-SCD value of >4 yielded a sensitivity of 77% and a specificity of 76%. Conclusion: fQRS is determined to be an independent high-risk indicator of HCM Risk-SCD. It seems to be associated with increased ventricular arrhythmias and some echocardiographic parameters.
Evaluation of the current prognostic role of heart diseases in the history of patients with syncope; Aims Pivotal studies showed that the 1-year mortality was consistently higher in cardiogenic than in non-cardiogenic syncope 10 years later, further studies questioned these evidences, showing that the risk of death was only predicted by underlying heart disease and not from the syncope itself. Accordingly, nearly all the prognostic scales now include cardiovascular variables, but their definition is often neither unique nor precise and it might lead to an excessive hospitalization. Methods and results This is a prospective cohort study aimed to compare the prognosis of syncopal patients with vs. without heart diseases, considered both in a broad (all cardiovascular diseases) and limited sense (only high-risk diseases, that is coronary heart diseases, heart failure, severe aortic stenosis, cardiomyopathies, and primarily arrhythmic diseases). We studied 200 patients consecutively admitted to the emergency department of the University Hospital of Parma. At 1 month and 1 year after discharge, we compared the incidence of syncopal recurrences with trauma, major procedures, cardiovascular events, and death for any reason in patients with vs. without heart diseases, considered both in a broad and limited sense. The presence of heart diseases in a broad sense was not associated with the endpoints, both at short and long term. Conversely, high-risk heart diseases were strongly associated with the presence of serious outcomes at short time. Conclusion We recommend that emergency department physicians adopt a strict definition of heart diseases considered at risk to promptly identify all patients at risk for serious events, while avoiding an excessive hospitalization.
Effect of Time to Titration to Maximum Dose of Statins on Cardiovascular Outcomes A Retrospective Analysis in High-Risk Patients; Background: Recent trials have shown that high-dose HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor (statin) therapy reduces cardiovascular events in high-risk subjects within weeks of initiating therapy. We investigated the effect of time to titration to maximum dose of statin therapy on cardiovascular events. Methods: From a list of all patients actively taking simvastatin 80 mg/day as of April 2003 at our hospital, two clinical pharmacists reviewed 213 electronic medical records including pharmacy records from November 1992 to April 2003. Data on cardiovascular risk factors, laboratory results, titration schedules, and outcomes were extracted from the electronic database. Titration period time frames were compared between patient groups using a Student t-test and multiple-variable logistic regression to account for other risk factors. Results: Titration schedules and time frames to attain a regimen of simvastatin 80 mg/day were available for 154 (73%) subjects. Titrations ranged from I to 8 and averaged 2.3 +/- 1.3 titrations per patient (median titrations=2) over I month to 8.4 years. On follow-up, 47 patients experienced 80 cardiovascular-related outcomes. The average time to titration to maximum dose of statin therapy was longer for patients who experienced a cardiac event than for those who did not (3.5 +/- 2.2 vs 2.1 +/- 1.8 years; p = 0.0004). After accounting for other risk factors, the titration period was still significantly related to the presence of a cardiac event (p=0.0060, odds ratio per month increase in the titration period 1.3, 95% CI 1.08, 1.58). Conclusions: Despite potential limitations, the results of our study show that an excessive delay in titrating statin therapy to the optimal dose may lead to an increased risk of atherosclerosis-related events in high-risk patients.
Association between <i>N</i>-terminal pro B-type natriuretic peptide and day-to-day blood pressure and heart rate variability in a general population: the Ohasama study; Background: In addition to day-to-day variability in blood pressure (BP) or heart rate (HR), N-terminal pro B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) has been reported to be a predictor of cardiovascular disease. Here, we tested the hypothesis that day-to-day BP or HR variability calculated as the intraindividual standard deviation (SD) of home BP or HR is associated with elevated NT-proBNP in a cross-sectional study. Methods: Among 664 participants (mean age, 61.9 years; female, 70.5%) from a general Japanese population without a history of heart disease, 86 (13.0%) had NT-proBNP at least 125 pg/ml. Results: Each 1 SD increase in the SD of home systolic BP (SBP) [odds ratio (OR), 1.82; P < .0001) and in the SD of home HR (OR, 1.44; P = 0.008) were significantly associated with the prevalence of NT-proBNP at least 125 pg/ml after adjustment for possible confounding factors including home SBP and HR. Among the four groups defined by the median SD of home SBP and of home HR, the group with higher SDs in home SBP (>= 8.0 mmHg) and HR (>= 5.0 bpm) had the greatest OR for the prevalence of NT-proBNP at least 125 pg/ml (OR, 4.80; P = 0007 vs. a reference group with lower SDs of home SBP and HR). Conclusion: These results suggest that day-to-day variability in BP and HR may be associated with target-organ damage or complications, which can lead to an elevated NT-proBNP level. An elevated NT-proBNP level may be involved in the prognostic significance of day-to-day variability in BP or HR.
Genetic Variant Coding for Iron Regulatory Protein HFE Contributes to Hypertension, the TAMRISK Study; Iron is essential for body homeostasis, but iron overload may lead to metabolic abnormalities and thus increase the risk for atherosclerosis and many other diseases. Major histocompatibility complex class I-like transmembrane protein (HFE) is involved in body iron metabolism. The gene coding for HFE has 3 well-known polymorphic sites of which H63D (rs1799945, C> G) has recently been associated with hypertension in a genome-wide association study (GWAS) study. In the present study, we wanted to clarify whether the genetic variant associates with hypertension in a Finnish cohort consisting of 50-year-old men and women. The study included 399 hypertensive cases and 751 controls from the Tampere adult population cardiovascular risk study (TAMRISK) cohort. Genotyping of polymorphisms was done by polymerase chain reaction using DNAs extracted from buccal swabs. We found that individuals with the mutated form of the H63D polymorphic site (G-allele) had a 1.4-fold risk (P = 0.037, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.02-1.89) for hypertension at the age of 50 years compared with the CC genotype carriers. When obese subjects (body mass index > 30 kg/m(2)) were analyzed in their own group, the risk for hypertension was even stronger (odds ratio 4.15, P < 0.001, 95% CI 1.98-8.68). We also noticed that the blood pressure (BP) readings were higher in those with the minor G-allele when compared to ones having a normal genotype already at the age of 35 years. Means of systolic/diastolic BPs were 127/81 mm Hg for CC and 131/83 mm Hg for CG + GG groups (P < 0.001 for systolic and P = 0.005 for diastolic pressure). In conclusion, HFE genetic variant H63D was associated with essential hypertension in Finnish subjects from the TAMRISK cohort confirming a previous GWAS study. The effect of this SNP on BP was also confirmed from a longitudinal study.
EFFECTS OF SUCCESSFUL PARATHYROIDECTOMY ON METABOLIC CARDIOVASCULAR RISK FACTORS IN PATIENTS WITH SEVERE PRIMARY HYPERPARATHYROIDISM; Objective: To evaluate the effect of parathyroidectomy on metabolic abnormalities associated with cardiovascular disease in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism (PHPT). Methods: Thirty-four patients with PHPT (aged 51.0 +/- 11.8 years, mean +/- standard deviation) underwent assessment before and I year after successful parathyroidectomy. A control group of 42 normocalcemic healthy subjects, matched for age and body mass index, was also examined at baseline. We measured serum lipids, glucose, insulin, uric acid, calcium, parathyroid hormone, C-reactive protein, and bone density. Insulin resistance index was evaluated by homeostasis model assessment, and the presence of metabolic syndrome was determined. Because of multiple tests, the level of statistical significance was set at .01. Results: After parathyroidectomy, there was a decrease in diastolic blood pressure (P<.02) and in serum concentrations of uric acid (P<.04) and insulin (P<.009). No difference was observed in rates of metabolic syndrome in patients before and 1 year after parathyroidectomy (23.5% versus 17.6%; P>.46). Insulin resistance index values were also unchanged from before to after parathyroidectomy (1.3 +/- 0.9 and 1.1 +/- 0.9, respectively; P>.68). A substantial increase in spine bone density (5%; P<.05) was noted postoperatively. Multivariate logistic regression analysis, after adjustment for age and body mass index, revealed that parathyroidectomy did not lead to a significant decrease in likelihood of cardiovascular risk odds ratio (OR), 1.82; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.53 to 6.21 (P>.34) for the metabolic syndrome and OR, 0.82; 95% CI, 0.17 to 3.88 (P>.8) for the insulin resistance index. Conclusion: In this study, surgical treatment had no beneficial effect on cardiovascular risk, as assessed by the metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance markers in patients with PHPT 1 year after parathyroidectomy. (Endocr Pract. 2011;17:584-590)
Cardiac Arrhythmias in Adult Patients with Asthma; Objective. The pathogenesis of cardiac arrhythmias in asthma patients has not been fully elucidated. Adverse drug effects, particularly those of beta 2-mimetics, may play a role. The aim of this study was to determine whether asthma is associated with the risk of cardiac arrhythmias and electrocardiographic characteristics of arrhythmogenicity (ECG) and to explore the role of beta 2-mimetics. Methods. A cross-sectional study was conducted among 158 adult patients with a diagnosis of asthma and 6303 participants without asthma from the cohort of the Utrecht Health Project-an ongoing, longitudinal, primary care-based study. All patients underwent extensive examinations, including resting 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) and pulmonary function tests. The primary outcome was "any arrhythmia on the ECG" (including tachycardia, bradycardia, premature ventricular contraction (PVC), and atrial fibrillation or flutter). Secondary outcomes were tachycardia, bradycardia, PVC, atrial fibrillation or flutter, mean heart rate, mean corrected QT (QTc) interval length, and prolonged QTc interval. Results. Tachycardia and PVCs were more prevalent in patients with asthma (3% and 4%, respectively) than those without asthma (0.6%, p < .001; 2%, p = .03, respectively). The prevalence of QTc interval prolongation was similar in participants with (2%) and without asthma (3%, odds ratio [OR]: 0.6 and 95% confidence interval [95% CI]: 0.2-2.0). In 74 asthma patients, who received beta 2-mimetics, tachycardia and PVCs were more common (OR: 12.4 [95% CI: 4.7-32.8] and 3.7 [95% CI: 1.3-10.5], respectively). Conclusions. The adult patients with asthma more commonly show tachycardia and PVCs on the ECG than those without asthma. The patients with asthma received beta 2-mimetics; the risk of tachycardia and PVCs is even more pronounced.
Proximal humerus fracture with injury to the axillary artery: A population-based study; Background: The available evidence regarding axillary artery injury as a result of proximal humerus fracture consists of individual case reports or small series. This study used nationally representative data to determine the prevalence and predictors of axillary artery injury secondary to proximal humerus fracture, and to characterise its influence on inpatient mortality, length of stay, cost and discharge disposition. Methods: An estimated 388,676 inpatients with a proximal humerus fracture were identified in the Nationwide Inpatient Sample between 2002 and 2011, 331 with concomitant axillary artery injury (8.5 per 10,000). Multivariable regression modelling was used to identify independent predictors of axillary artery injury and to assess its relationship with inpatient outcomes. Results: Factors associated with axillary artery injury were male sex (odds ratio (OR): 1.6, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.2-2.0), atherosclerosis (OR: 3.7, 95% CI: 2.5-5.4), open fracture (OR: 2.9, 95% CI: 1.9-4.5) and the presence of concomitant injuries, including brachial plexus injury (OR: 109, 95% CI: 79-151), shoulder dislocation (OR: 3.4, 95% CI: 2.0-5.8), scapula fracture (OR: 3.4, 95% CI: 2.1-5.4) and rib fracture (OR: 2.5, 95% CI: 1.6-4.0). Axillary artery injury was associated with increased length of stay, costs and mortality, but it did not affect discharge disposition. Conclusion: Our study provides important baseline information regarding the epidemiology of axillary artery injury secondary to proximal humerus fracture. Prompt identification of at-risk patients upon admission might lead to improved diagnosis and management of this vascular injury. Level of Evidence: Prognostic level II. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids, antioxidants, and cognitive function in very old men; Atherosclerosis and thrombosis may lead to cognitive impairment through cerebral infarcts or white matter hyperintensities. Oxidative stress is now seen as a major contributor to the process of atherogenesis. High intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids, e.g., linoleic acid, or low intake of antioxidants can increase oxidative stress. High intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and its main source, fish, may reduce the risk of thrombosis. little is known, however, about the relation between these dietary factors and cognitive function. The authors investigated this relation with data derived from a cohort of men, aged 69-89 years, who were participants in the Zutphen Elderly Study. The 30-point Mini-Mental State Examination was used to assess cognitive impairment in 1990 (score less than or equal to 25 in 153/476 men, 32%) and cognitive decline from 1990 to 1993 (drop >2 points in 51/342 men, 15%). Food intake was estimated in 1985 and 1990 by the cross-check dietary history method. High linoleic acid intake was associated with cognitive impairment after adjustment for age, education, cigarette smoking, alcohol consumption, and energy intake (odds ratio (OR) for highest vs. lowest tertile = 1.76, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.04-3.01). Intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids was not associated with cognitive impairment, whereas high fish consumption tended to be inversely associated with cognitive impairment (OR = 0.63, 95% CI 0.33-1.21) and cognitive decline (OR = 0.45, 95% CI 0.17-1.16). Intakes of beta-carotene, vitamins C and E, and flavonoids were not inversely associated with cognitive impairment or decline. This study raises the possibility that high linoleic acid intake is positively associated with cognitive impairment and high fish consumption inversely associated with cognitive impairment.
Neurologic Complications of Unprotected Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation (from the Neuro-TAVI Trial); Cerebral embolization during transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI) can lead to a spectrum of clinically relevant manifestations, ranging from overt stroke to mild neurologic or cognitive deficits and subclinical cerebral infarcts. This study sought to determine the frequency of neurologic injury, cerebral ischemic lesions, and cognitive dysfunction in subjects undergoing contemporary commercial TAVI in the United States. Neuro-TA'VR is the first prospective, multicenter study to use serial systematic neurologic and cognitive assessments and diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (at 4 +/- 2 days after procedure) to investigate the incidence and severity of neurologic injury after contemporary unprotected TAVI in the United States. A total of 44 consecutive patients underwent TAVI at 5 US sites. Diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging lesions were detected in 94%, with a mean of 10.4 +/- 15.3 lesions per subject and a median total lesion volume of 295 mm(3) (interquartile range 71.6 to 799.6 mm(3)). New neurologic impairment (worsening in National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score from baseline with new cerebral lesions) occurred in 22.6% (7 of 31) of subjects at discharge and 14.8% (4 of 27) at 30 days. In addition, cognitive decrements from baseline were identified by the Montreal Cognitive Assessment in 33% (12 of 36) of subjects at discharge and 41% (13 of 32) at 30 days. In conclusion, this contemporary cohort of US patients confirms that TAVI results in cerebral infarction in most patients and that 1 in 5 patients have measurable neurologic impairment and 1 in 3 patients have decrease in cognitive measures by Montreal Cognitive Assessment score after TAVI, reinforcing the need for methods to mitigate the risk of brain injury during TAVI. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Stroke mortality in urban and rural Tanzania; Background Most data for stroke mortality in sub-Saharan Africa are hospital based. We aimed to establish the contribution of cerebrovascular disease to all-cause mortality and cerebrovascular disease mortality rates in adults aged 15 years or more in one urban and two rural areas of Tanzania. Methods Regular censuses of the three surveillance populations consisting of 307 820 people (125 932 aged below 15 years and 181 888 aged 15 or more) were undertaken with prospective monitoring of all deaths arising in these populations between June 1, 1992 and May 31, 1995. Verbal autopsies were completed with relatives or carers of the deceased to assess. when possible. the cause of death. Findings During the 3-year observation period 11 975 deaths were recorded in the three surveillance areas, of which 7629 (64%) were in adults aged 15 years or more (4088 [54%] of these in men and 3541 [46%] in women). In the adults, 421 (5.5%) of the deaths were attributed to cerebrovascular disease, 225 (53%) of these in men and 196 (47%) in women. The yearly age-adjusted rates per 100 000 in the 15-64 year age group for the three project areas (urban, fairly prosperous rural, and poor rural, respectively) were 65 (95% CI 39-90), 44 (31-56), and 35 (22-48) for men. and 88 (48-128), 33 (22-43), and 27 (16-38) for women, as compared with the England and Wales (1993) rates of 10.8 (10.0-11.6) for men and 8.6 (7.9-9.3) for women. Interpretation We postulate that the high rates in Tanzania were due to untreated hypertension. Our study assessed mortality over a single time period and therefore it is not posible to comment on trends with time. However, ageing of the population is likely to lead to a very large increase in mortality from stroke in the future.
Carotid endarterectomy; An annual stroke incidence of 1.9 - 4% has been reported for asymptomatic carotid stenosis of more than 60% diameter reduction. In the ACAS (Asymptomatic Carotid Artery Stenosis Study) trial the risk for stroke and death over 5 years could be reduced from 11% to 5.1% by performing carotid endarterectomy (CEA) in patients with greater than 60% Internal Carotid Artery (ICA) stenosis. The existence of such a lesion, however, should not lead to a mandatory CEA. Additional factors like degree of stenosis of more than 85%, high vascular risk, clinically silent ipsilateral cerebral infarcts and rapid increase of the degree of stenosis may be helpful to identify patients who are likely to benefit from CEA. In symptomatic carotid stenosis with a diameter reduction of 70% and more, the results of the NASCET (North American Symptomatic Carotid Endarterectomy Trial) study and of the ECST (European Carotid Surgery Trial) study prove a significant risk reduction by CEA in relation to the increasing degree of stenosis. This benefit is consistent over 8 years. The NASCET results show that CEA allows a 10.1% absolute risk reduction over 5 years for 50 - 69% ICA stenosis. The indication for surgery in this group should be established on the basis of the individual case. Patients with less than 50% ICA stenosis did not benefit from surgery. In a recently published review of 2048 interventions, the method of percutaneous transluminal angioplasty with stenting (PTAS) has a technical success rate of 98.6%. The morbidity was 4.4%, the mortality 1.37%, the rate of re-stenosis at 6 months 4.8%. Prospective and randomized trials are needed to evaluate this new method in comparison with CEA. Until these multicenter trials are started. local series should be performed in well defined indications on the basis of an interdisciplinary protocol approved by the local ethics committee.
Unprotected Carotid Artery Stenting in Symptomatic Patients with High-Grade Stenosis: Results and Long-Term Follow-Up in a Single-Center Experience; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: The use of cerebral protection during CAS is an extended practice. Paradoxically it is open to question because it can lead to potential embolic complications. The aim of this study was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of CASWPD in patients with severe symptomatic carotid artery stenosis. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A prospective study was performed including 210 consecutive patients (201 symptomatic and 9 asymptomatic) with carotid artery stenosis >70%. All patients were treated by CASWPD. Angiographic results and neurologic complications were recorded during the procedure and within 30 days after it. All patients underwent clinical evaluation and Doppler sonography follow-up at 3, 6, and 12 months after the procedure. RESULTS: Two hundred twenty carotid arteries were treated. The average degree of stenosis was 88.9%. The procedure was successfully completed in 212 (96.4%) arteries. After stent placement, 98.6% of arteries showed no residual stenosis or <30%. Balloon angioplasty dilation before stent placement was performed in 16% of cases. During the 30-day periprocedural period, there were 3 major complications (1.4%), including 1 disabling ischemic stroke, 1 acute stent thrombosis, and 1 MI. The last 2 patients died from these complications. At 1-year follow-up 24 (12.8%) restenoses, 2 new ipsilateral strokes, 1 contralateral stroke, and 5 deaths (2.7%) had occurred. None of these deaths were related to the initial stroke. CONCLUSIONS: In our study, unprotected stent placement in symptomatic patients with severe carotid artery stenosis has demonstrated a low incidence of complications. We believe that this is due to the reduction of maneuvering and manipulation through the stenosis and to the protective effect of the stent placement before angioplasty balloon dilation.
Introduction of nurse led DC cardioversion service in day surgery unit: prospective audit; Problem Atrial fibrillation is the most common persistent arrhythmia in adults and carries an increased risk of thromboembolism and stroke. Electrical (DC) cardioversion is an effective treatment, but logistical difficulties in many institutions lead to problems providing a prompt service. This reduces the rate of long term success, delays relief of symptoms, and increases the burden on anticoagulation clinics. Design Prospective audit of introduction of a collaborative, nurse led DC cardioversion service in a day surgery unit. Setting Day surgery unit 5 km from an acute hospital in southeast London. Key measures for improvement Waiting times, success of procedures, and complication rates. Strategies for change Collaborative working across traditional specialty boundaries; empowerment of patients within the process; using a nurse consultant as a single point of reference to coordinate the service. Effects of change Sinus rhythm was restored in 131 (92%) of the first 143 patients treated. Three patients needed hospital admission; all were discharged uneventfully within 24 hours. No important complications occurred. Waiting times were reduced from 27 weeks to eight weeks for patients eligible for the service. Lessons learnt Elective DC cardioversion under general anaesthesia can be safely done by an appropriately trained nurse in a day surgery unit remote from an acute general hospital. This model of care is effective and can reduce waiting times and relieve pressure on acute beds and junior doctors.
Search for the Optimal Right Ventricular Pacing Site: Design and Implementation of Three Randomized Multicenter Clinical Trials; Background: The optimal site to permanently pace the right ventricle (RV) has yet to be determined. To address this issue, three randomized prospective multicenter clinical trials are in progress comparing the long-term effects of RV apical versus septal pacing on left ventricular (LV) function. The three trials are Optimize RV Selective Site Pacing Clinical Trial (Optimize RV), Right Ventricular Apical and High Septal Pacing to Preserve Left Ventricular Function (Protect Pace), and Right Ventricular Apical versus Septal Pacing (RASP). Methods: Patients that require frequent or continuous ventricular pacing are randomized to RV apical or septal pacing. Optimize RV excludes patients with LV ejection fraction < 40% prior to implantation, whereas the other trials include patients regardless of baseline LV systolic function. The RV septal lead is positioned in the mid-septum in Optimize RV, the high septum in Protect Pace, and the mid-septal inflow tract in RASP. Lead position is confirmed by fluoroscopy in two planes and adjudicated by a blinded panel. The combined trials will follow approximately 800 patients for up to 3 years. Results: The primary outcome in each trial is LV ejection fraction evaluated by radionuclide ventriculography or echocardiography. Secondary outcomes include echo-based measurements of ventricular/atrial remodeling, 6-minute hall walk distance, brain natriuretic peptide levels, and clinical events (atrial tachyarrhythmias, heart failure, stroke, or death). Conclusion: These selective site ventricular pacing trials should provide evidence of the importance of RV pacing site in the long-term preservation of LV function in patients that require ventricular pacing and help to clarify the optimal RV pacing site. (PACE 2009; 32: 426-433)
Effects of atorvastatin on plasma matrix metalloproteinase-9 concentration after glial tumor resection; a randomized, double blind, placebo controlled trial; Background: Neurosurgical procedures such as craniotomy and brain tumor resection could potentially lead to unavoidable cerebral injuries. Matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) is up-regulated in neurological injuries. Statins have been suggested to reduce MMP-9 level and lead to neuroprotection. Atorvastatin preoperatively administered to evaluate its neuroprotective effects and outcome assessment in neurosurgical-induced brain injuries after glial tumor resection. In this prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 42 patients undergoing glial tumor surgery randomly received 40 mg atorvastatin or placebo twice daily from seven days prior to operation and continued for a 3 weeks period. Plasma MMP-9 concentration measured 4 times, immediately before starting atorvastatin or placebo, immediately before surgery, 24 hours and two weeks after the surgery. Karnofsky performance score was assessed before first dose of atorvastatin as a baseline and 2 months after the surgery. Results: Karnofsky performance scale after surgery raised significantly more in Atorvastatin group (11.43 +/- 10.62 vs. 4.00 +/- 8.21) (p = 0.03). Atorvastatin did not significantly reduce MMP-9 plasma concentration 24 hours after surgery in comparison to placebo. No statistical significance detected regarding length of hospital stay among the groups. Significant reduction in MMP-9 plasma concentration was recorded in atorvastatin group two weeks after surgery (p = 0.048). Conclusions: Significant statistical differences detected with atorvastatin group regarding MMP-9 plasma concentration, clinical outcome and Karnofsky performance score. Consequently, atorvastatin use may lead to better outcome after neurosurgical procedures.
Gender Differences in Patients with Intracerebral Hemorrhage: A Hospital-Based Multicenter Prospective Study; Gender differences are well described for patients with ischemic stroke. Conversely, sex disparities in stroke presentation, risk factors, treatment, and outcomes for intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) were not previously studied. Our objective was to compare the frequency of risk factors, management patterns, symptoms at presentation, complication rates, and outcomes between genders in patients with ICH in Fortaleza, Brazil. Methods: Data were prospectively collected from patients admitted to 19 hospitals in Fortaleza with a diagnosis of ICH by trained research coordinators from June 2009 to October 2010. Daily visits to the selected hospitals were performed, and all patients admitted with a diagnosis of ICH were prospectively evaluated. Results: We evaluated 364 patients, 47.5% of whom were women. Men were younger (59.3 +/- 14.58 years vs. 66.3 +/- 14.6 years, p < 0.001), more frequently smokers (33.1 vs. 16.6%, p ! 0.01) and had a higher frequency of alcohol abuse (48.5 vs. 8.2%, p < 0.01) than women. Women had a trend to have more dyslipidemia (41.1 vs. 31.3%, p = 0.12). Clinical presentation was similar between genders including the presence of motor and sensory deficits, headache, and depressed level of consciousness at presentation. Men had more speech disturbances than women (63.6 vs. 52.7%, p = 0.04). The time interval from symptoms onset to hospital admission was longer in women (25.1 +/- 82.4 h vs. 7.9 +/- 50.3 h, p = 0.08). Complication rates including pneumonia and deep vein thrombosis were not different between genders. Mortality was similar in both sexes (females: 35.8% vs. males: 33%, p = 0.66). Men were more frequently independent at discharge when evaluated by the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) score (mRS <= 2: 19.7% in men and 8.1% in women, p < 0.01). In the multivariate logistic regression analysis, older age, pre- stroke disability, depressed consciousness at admission, and female gender were independent predictors of poor outcome at discharge. Conclusion: Overall risk factors for ICH in men and women were similar in our series. Men had a higher frequency of alcohol abuse and smoking. Women were older, had an increased time length from symptoms onset to hospital admission and had a worse prognosis at discharge. A better understanding of the gender disparities in patients with ICH will hopefully lead to better outcomes in both sexes in the future. Copyright (C) 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel
Association Between Atrial Fibrillation and Dementia in the General Population; IMPORTANCE Atrial fibrillation (AF) has been suggested as a risk factor for dementia since it may lead to chronic cerebral hypoperfusion and stroke. However, longitudinal studies assessing the association between AF and dementia have shown inconsistent results. OBJECTIVE To determine the effect of AF on the risk of developing dementia during 20 years of follow-up. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS The association of prevalent and incident AF with incident dementia was assessed from July 6, 1989, to February 4, 2010, in 6514 dementia-free participants in the prospective population-based Rotterdam Study. Data analysis was conducted from September 18, 2014, to April 17, 2015. Cox proportional hazards regression models adjusting for age, sex, and cardiovascular risk factors; censored for stroke; and stratified by median age were used. In addition, we investigated whether the association between incident AF and dementia varied according to the duration of exposure, categorized in 6-year time bands. EXPOSURES Prevalent and incident AF. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Incident dementia, determined according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (Third Edition Revised) and the National Institute of Neurological and Communicative Disorders and Stroke-Alzheimer's Disease and Related Disorders Association criteria. RESULTS At baseline, 318 of 6514 participants (4.9%) had prevalent AF, and during 81 483 person-years of follow-up, 994 participants (15.3%) developed incident dementia. With findings presented as adjusted hazard ratio (95% CI), prevalent AF was related to an increased risk of dementia (1.33; 1.02-1.73). Among 6196 participants without prevalent AF during 79 003 person-years of follow-up, 723 participants (11.7%) developed incident AF and 932 individuals (15.0%) developed incident dementia. Incident AF was associated with an increased risk of dementia in younger participants (<67 years: 1.81; 1.11-2.94 vs >= 67 years: 1.12; 0.85-1.46; P = .02 for interaction). The risk of dementia was strongly associated with duration of exposure to AF in the younger participants (in the highest stratum: 3.30; 1.16-9.38; P = .003 for trend) but not in the elder participants (0.25; 0.04-1.86; P = .94 for trend). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Atrial fibrillation is associated with an increased risk of dementia, independent of clinical stroke. This association was strongest for younger participants with the longest duration of AF. Future studies should investigate whether optimal treatment of AF can prevent or postpone dementia.
Assessment of intraoperative duplexsonography during carotid endarterectomy; Introduction: Carotid endarterectomy (CEA) for prevention of strokes mandates a high amount of experience and a meticulous surgical technique. Intraoperative morphologic as well as hemodynamic monitoring of the endarterectomized arteries is rarely performed. The purpose of this study was to determine the value of intraoperative colour-coded-duplex-sonography to recognize eventual intraoperative technical problems that might result in serious cerebral damage. Methods: Prospective analysis of the medical data of all patients who underwent CEA for treatment of high-grade carotid stenosis between 1996 and 1999. Adequacy of the repair was assessed intraoperatively by duplexsonography. Results: Of 142 consecutive patients with a median age of 68 (43-84) years, 104 (73%) were men and 38 (27%) were women. 9 patients (6%) had bilateral CEAs. intraoperative duplexsonography revealed abnormalities during 11 (7%) of 151 CEAs. 4(3%) were considered major and underwent immediate revision. There was one (0.7%) temporary neurologic deficit (hyperperfusion syndrome) and 2 (1.3%) cases of fatal intracerebral hemorrhage. 6 (4%) postoperative surgical complications occurred, i.e. 3 cases of major wound hematoma (with revision) and 3 cases of temporary cranial nerve palsy. Median length of follow-up was 11 (3-35) months. No late neurologic event occurred during follow-up. 5 (3%) patients developed asymptomatic restenosis. Discussion: Routine intraoperative duplexsonography is a valuable and reliable diagnostic tool to detect correctable technical problems during CEA that subsequently may lead to neurological deficits, fatal stroke or a high incidence of restenosis.
Differentiating Normal and Basal Cell Carcinoma Human Skin Tissues <i>In Vitro</i> Using Dispersive Raman Spectroscopy: A Comparison Between Principal Components Analysis and Simplified Biochemical Models; Objective: Raman spectroscopy has been used to detect spectral differences between normal and basocellular cell carcinoma (BCC) skin tissues that are related to biochemical alterations between tissues. Background data: Raman spectroscopy is an analytic tool that could detect biochemical alterations in tissues, and its use would lead to real-time and less-invasive cancer diagnosis. Methods: Raman spectra from human tissue fragments (normal and BCC) were obtained in a dispersive, near-infrared Raman spectrometer (laser parameters: 830 nm, 80 mW) with a CCD detector. Spectral changes between normal and BCC were analyzed with a principal components analysis (PCA) algorithm and a simplified biochemical model based on the relative amount of collagen and cell fat extracted from tissue Raman spectra. Results: Main spectral differences between these samples were in the region of 800 to 1,000 per centimeter and 1,200 to 1,300 per centimeter, corresponding to vibrational bands from lipids and proteins (C-C bonds and amide III, respectively). The diagnostic algorithm based on PCA and Mahalanobis distance applied to the scores of principal components vectors PC1 and PC2 could identify tissue with sensitivity and specificity of 89% and 93%, respectively, for the training group and 96% and 92% for the prospective group. The simplified biochemical model for collagen amount had sensitivity and specificity of 95% and 83% for the training group and 87% and 92% for the prospective group. Conclusions: Raman spectroscopy could differentiate between normal and BCC tissues in both the PCA and biochemical models, showing higher sensitivity and specificity for the PCA model, although the simplified biochemical model is easier to implement.
The rationale and design of the Giant Intracranial Aneurysm Registry: a retrospective and prospective study; Aims and Hypothesis Giant intracranial aneurysms have a poor prognosis mainly due to their high risk of rupture. Because their incidence is low, clinical trial evidence for adequate treatment is lacking. The Giant Intracranial Aneurysm Registry is designed to document current treatment strategies in giant aneurysm care and to monitor the course of the disease over five-years. It aims to evaluate the hypothesis that all three possible branches of therapy (conservative/endovascular/surgical) lead to equal rupture rates. Design The Giant Intracranial Aneurysm Registry is an interdisciplinary multicenter observational study. Each center recruits patients diagnosed with a giant intracranial aneurysm both prospectively and retrospectively. Primary outcome will be the aneurysm rupture rate at five-years of follow-up. Study Outcome Patient enrollment has begun at 20 neurovascular centers throughout Germany, with 19 further centers applying for local ethics approval to take part in the study. The first nine months are designed as a pilot phase followed by the integration of study centers throughout the EU and the initiation of separate sub-studies. Discussion Giant intracranial aneurysms have often been ignored or marginalized due to their low incidence. The Giant Intracranial Aneurysm Registry aims to lead to a better understanding of these complex lesions and to serve as a basis for the development of future clinical studies.
THE IMPACT OF PATIENT EDUCATION, PATIENT COMPLIANCE AND PHYSICIAN EXPERTISE ON PROGNOSIS OF CONGESTIVE-HEART-FAILURE; The impact of treatment on prognosis of patients with chronic congestive heart failure depends not only on pharmacological therapy but also on nonpharmacological aspects of patient management.  Patient compliance, life style change, salt and fluid restriction, detailed patient information and messures of self control greatly affect therapeutic efficacy. Reasons for hospitalizations and emergency room visits:  In an analysis of 82 admissions of patients for decompensated chronic congestive heart failure we found poor compliance with drug treatments or dietary instructions as causally related factors in 30 patients, uncontrolled hypertension in 22 patients, acute infection in 18 and acute myocardial ischemia in 18 patients.  More than half of the patients had weight gain before decompensation, that had not been adequately answered by changes in medication. Inadequate patient information:  Inadequate knowledge about necessary life style changes at the time of hospital discharge is often found in patients with chronic heart failure.  Less than 50% of these patients remembered correct the instructions on key issues of necessary life style changes and diet. Drug treatment of heart failure:  Recent controlled drug trials have not gained enough weight in therapeutic decisions of physicians treating heart failure patients.  While ACE-inhibitors have been shown to improve longevity in congestive heart failure only 6% of patients with heart failure are treated with these drugs, while 5% are treated with calcium antagonists which have not been proven to be of symptomatic or prognostic benefit and may be harmful as well in this disease.  Inadequate dosage in patients with chronic renal failure or in elderly patients as well as inadequate choice of drugs lead to side effects in a considerable percentage of patients. Effects of adequate patient management:  Frequent outpatient visits and early treatment adjustments have been shown to be helpful in reducing hospitalizations, improve the quality of life and reducing mortality. Uncontrolled studies as well as results of prospective controlled investigations have shown, that nonpharmacological aspects in patient care are of great importance in the treatment of chronic congestive heart failure.  A stepped care program with close follow up is proposed to prevent complications and hospital admissions for chronic heart failure.
High Risk of Readmission in Octogenarians Undergoing Primary Hip Arthroplasty; As life expectancy increases, more elderly patients with end-stage hip arthritis are electing to undergo primary THA. Octogenarians undergoing THA have more comorbidities than younger patients, but this is not reflected in risk adjustment models for bundled care programs. The burden of care associated with THA in octogenarians has not been well characterized, and doing so may help these value-based programs make adjustments so that this vulnerable patient population does not risk losing access under accountable care models. The purpose of this study was to describe care use, comorbidities, and complications among octogenarians undergoing primary THA. Five percent of the Medicare national administrative claims data was queried to identify patients diagnosed with hip osteoarthritis between January 1, 1998, and December 31, 2013. Patients who underwent primary THA were identified and followed longitudinally during the study period using their unique, encrypted Medicare beneficiary identifiers. We compared risk factors and complications between the octogenarian group versus those aged 65 to 69 years. Multivariate Cox regression was used to evaluate the effect of patient/hospital factors on risk of revision, periprosthetic joint infection, dislocation, venous thromboembolism (VTE), and mortality. Patient factors in the model included age, sex, race, region, socioeconomic status, and health status based on Charlson comorbidity score 12 months before replacement surgery. There were 11,960 THAs in the octogenarians in 1998, which increased to 21,620 in 2013, an 81% increase during this study period. Octogenarians were more likely to have a Charlson score of 3 or higher than those patients aged 65 to 69 years (30% versus 17%, odds ratio [OR] 2.07 [1.98-2.20]; p < 0.001), and they were more likely to have coronary artery disease or congestive heart failure (47% versus 29%, OR 2.16 [2.06-2.26]; p < 0.001). The octogenarian group had a greater risk of dislocation (+12%, p = 0.01), VTE (+14%, p < 0.001), and mortality (+150%, p < 0.001) compared with the younger age cohort. A total of 21% of the octogenarians were readmitted after surgery compared with 12% for patients in the younger group (OR=1.64, 95% confidence interval 1.54-1.75; p < 0.001). Because octogenarians are at increased risk of dislocation, VTE, medical complications, and mortality after THA, value-based care models that penalize hospitals for readmissions and complications may inadvertently result in loss of access to care for this group of patients as a result of the financial makeup of these bundled care models. Value-based care models were developed to improve care and decrease healthcare costs but may have unintended consequences in the octogenarian with higher complication and readmission risks. Financial losses may lead to institutions from withdrawing from the Bundled Payments for Care Improvement program. To try to prevent this from happening to this vulnerable patient population, bundled care programs should evolve and be modified to allow for risk stratification in the overall payment formula to account for increased age and comorbid conditions to ensure continued successful participation in the program among all the stakeholders. Level III, therapeutic study.
Effects of a bolus injection of adenosine triphosphate on atrioventricular conduction and hemodynamics in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting; Objective: To investigate the effects of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) on atrioventricular (A-V) conduction and hemodynamics in patients undergoing coronary artery surgery. Design: A prospective study. Setting: University teaching hospital. Participants: Patients scheduled for elective coronary artery bypass graft surgery. Interventions: Anesthesia was induced with the same dose of intravenous fentanyl (300 mu g) and midazolam (10 mg) for each patient. After the baseline measurement, a bolus dose of 10 mg of ATP (0.19 +/- 0.03 mg/kg, mean +/- SD) was rapidly injected through a central venous catheter. Right ventricular pacing was conducted at a rate of 40 beats/min during the development of complete A-V block. Measurements and Main Results: ATP induced an A-V block in 10 of 12 patients (2:1 block in two patients and complete A-V block in eight patients). The onset of the A-V block was rapid (17.1 +/- 3.4 seconds) and the duration was short (12.1 +/- 7.0 seconds). Radial arterial pressure (AP) decreased with the appearance of the A-V block (p < 0.01), Heart rate (HR) returned to the baseline value quickly after the restoration of the A-V block, but recovery of radial AP was delayed. HR increased 1 minute after the ATP injection (p < 0.01). Both HR and radial AP returned to the baseline values 2 minutes after the ATP injection. ST segments on both leads II and Vg Of electrocardiograms decreased more than 0.10 mV 1 minute after the ATP injection in one patient. Conclusion: A bolus injection of 10 mg of ATP successfully induced a transient A-V block in 83% of the 12 patients. The countermeasures, including ventricular pacing, are indispensable to cope with the subsequent hypotension that may lead to myocardial ischemia, especially in patients with ischemic heart disease. Copyright (C) 1999 by W.B. Saunders Company.
The relationship between polycystic ovary syndrome and antiepileptic drugs - A review of the evidence; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a serious endocrine disorder characterized by ovulatory dysfunction and hyperandrogenism that is thought to have a higher prevalence in women with epilepsy and perhaps bipolar disorder. Various theories have been offered to explain this higher prevalence of PCOS and other reproductive disorders in these patient populations, including the effects of the disease itself and of antiepileptic drugs, especially valproate, which may directly cause PCOS or indirectly lead to the disorder by causing weight gain that triggers insulin resistance, increased testosterone levels, and other reproductive abnormalities. A prospective, longitudinal study with larger cohorts in newly diagnosed women with epilepsy or bipolar disorder is needed to definitively characterize the relationship between antiepileptic drugs and PCOS. Until data from such a study are available, physicians need to be aware that there is a possibility of developing symptoms of PCOS in women of reproductive age who are treated with antiepileptic drugs. Despite this concern, the choice of antiepileptic drug for women with epilepsy or bipolar disorder should be based on the most effective agent for controlling neurologic symptoms.
What should be the goal blood pressure in nondiabetic chronic kidney disease?; Purpose of review To summarize the available evidence on whether a lower blood pressure (BP) treatment target can ameliorate the progression of nondiabetic chronic kidney disease (CKD), and prevent cardiovascular events in CKD patients. Recent findings The three prospective, randomized controlled trials which addressed the question of progression of CKD suggest that a lower BP treatment goal (< 130/80 mmHg) may lead to better preservation of renal function, but only in those patients with proteinuria of more than 300 mg/day. However, the evidence is not conclusive. We are not aware of adequately powered, randomized trials that have assessed the efficacy of lower target BP levels for the prevention of cardiovascular events specifically in nondiabetic CKD patients. The available circumstantial evidence (e.g., subgroup analyses of CKD patients in cardiovascular trials) fails to reveal a clear benefit of a lower BP goal. There is currently no convincing evidence to recommend a lower than standard BP treatment target of less than 140/90 mmHg for all patients with nondiabetic CKD. A lower treatment target of less than 130/80 mmHg may delay renal disease progression but only in patients with proteinuria.
Prevalence of QT Interval Prolongation in Patients Admitted to Cardiac Care Units and Frequency of Subsequent Administration of QT Interval-Prolonging Drugs A Prospective, Observational Study in a Large Urban Academic Medical Center in the US; Background: Cardiac arrest due to torsades de pointes (TdP) is a rare but catastrophic event in hospitals. Patients admitted to cardiac units are at higher risk of drug-induced QT interval prolongation and TdP, due to a preponderance of risk factors. Few data exist regarding the prevalence of QT interval prolongation in patients admitted to cardiac units or the frequency of administering QT interval-prolonging drugs to patients presenting with QT interval prolongation. Objective: The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of Bazett's-corrected QT (QT(c)) interval prolongation upon admission to cardiac units and the proportion of patients presenting with QT(c) interval prolongation who are subsequently administered QT interval-prolonging drugs during hospitalization. Methods: This was a prospective, observational study conducted over a 1-year period (October 2008 October 2009) in 1159 consecutive patients admitted to two cardiac units in a large urban academic medical centre located in Indianapolis, IN, USA. Patients were enrolled into the study at the time of admission to the hospital and were followed daily during hospitalization. Exclusion criteria were age <18 years, ECG rhythm of complete ventricular pacing, and patient designation as 'outpatient' in a bed and/or duration of stay <24 hours. Data collected included demographic information, past medical history, daily progress notes, medication administration records, laboratory data, ECGs, telemetry monitoring strips and diagnostic reports. All patients underwent continuous cardiac telemetry monitoring and/or had a baseline 12-lead ECG obtained within 4 hours of admission. QT intervals were determined manually from lead 11 of 12-lead ECGs or from continuous lead 11 telemetry monitoring strips. QT(c) interval prolongation was defined as >= 470 ms for males and >= 480 ms for females. In both males and females, QT(c) interval >500 ms was considered abnormally high. A medication was classified as QT interval-prolonging if there were published data indicating that the drug causes QT interval prolongation and/or TdP. Study endpoints were (i) prevalence of QT(c) interval prolongation upon admission to the Cardiac Medical Critical Care Unit (CMCCU) or an Advanced Heart Care Unit (AHCU); (ii) proportion of patients admitted to the CMCCU/AHCU with QT(c) interval prolongation who subsequently were administered QT interval-prolonging drugs during hospitalization; (iii) the proportion of these higher-risk patients in whom TdP risk factor monitoring was performed; (iv) proportion of patients with QT(c) interval prolongation who subsequently received QT-prolonging drugs and who experienced further QT(c) interval prolongation. Results: Of 1159 patients enrolled, 259 patients met exclusion criteria, resulting in a final sample size of 900 patients. Patient characteristics: mean (+/-SD) age, 65 15 years; female, 47%; Caucasian, 70%. Admitting diagnoses: heart failure (22%), myocardial infarction (16%), atrial fibrillation (9%), sudden cardiac arrest (3%). QT(c) interval prolongation was present in 27.9% of patients on admission; 18.2% had QT(c) interval >500 ms. Of 251 patients admitted with QT(c) interval prolongation, 87 (34.7%) were subsequently administered QT(c) interval-prolonging drugs. Of 166 patients admitted with QT(c) interval >500 ms, 70 (42.2%) were subsequently administered QT interval-prolonging drugs; additional QT(c) interval prolongation 60 ms occurred in 57.1% of these patients. Conclusions: QT(c) interval prolongation is common among patients admitted to cardiac units. QT interval-prolonging drugs are commonly prescribed to patients presenting with QT(c) interval prolongation.
Optimism and Cause-Specific Mortality: A Prospective Cohort Study; Growing evidence has linked positive psychological attributes like optimism to a lower risk of poor health outcomes, especially cardiovascular disease. It has been demonstrated in randomized trials that optimism can be learned. If associations between optimism and broader health outcomes are established, it may lead to novel interventions that improve public health and longevity. In the present study, we evaluated the association between optimism and cause-specific mortality in women after considering the role of potential confounding (sociodemographic characteristics, depression) and intermediary (health behaviors, health conditions) variables. We used prospective data from the Nurses' Health Study (n = 70,021). Dispositional optimism was measured in 2004; all-cause and cause-specific mortality rates were assessed from 2006 to 2012. Using Cox proportional hazard models, we found that a higher degree of optimism was associated with a lower mortality risk. After adjustment for sociodemographic confounders, compared with women in the lowest quartile of optimism, women in the highest quartile had a hazard ratio of 0.71 (95% confidence interval: 0.66, 0.76) for all-cause mortality. Adding health behaviors, health conditions, and depression attenuated but did not eliminate the associations (hazard ratio = 0.91, 95% confidence interval: 0.85, 0.97). Associations were maintained for various causes of death, including cancer, heart disease, stroke, respiratory disease, and infection. Given that optimism was associated with numerous causes of mortality, it may provide a valuable target for new research on strategies to improve health.
Diabetic foot risk factors in type 2 diabetes patients: a cross-sectional case control study; Background: Diabetic foot is a serious condition in patients with a long lasting diabetes mellitus. Diabetic foot treated improperly may lead not only to delayed ulceration healing, generalized inflammation, unnecessary surgical intervention, but also to the lower limb amputation. The aim of this study was to compare diabetic foot risk factors in population with type 2 diabetes and risk factors for diabetes in healthy subjects. Methods: The study included 900 subjects: 145 with diabetic foot, 293 with type 2 diabetes without diabetic foot and 462 healthy controls matched in terms of mean age, gender structure and cardiovascular diseases absence. Study was conducted in Gastroenterology and Metabolic Diseases Department, Medical University of Warsaw, Poland. In statistical analysis a logistic regression model, U Mann-Whitney's and t-Student test were used. Results: The binomial logit models analysis showed that the risk of diabetic foot in patients with type 2 diabetes was decreased by patient's age (odds ratio [OR] = 0.94; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.92-0.96; p = 0.00001) and hyperlipidaemia (OR = 0.54; 95% CI: 0.36-0.81; p = 0.01). In contrast, male gender (OR = 2.83; 95% CI: 1.86-4.28; p = 0.00001) diabetes duration (OR = 1.04; 95% CI: 1.03-1.06; p = 0.0003), weight (OR = 1.04; 95% CI: 1.03-1.06; p = 0.00001), height (OR = 1.08; 95% CI: 1.05-1.11; p = 0.00001) and waist circumference (OR = 1.028; 95% CI: 1.007-1.050; p = 0.006) increase the risk of diabetic foot. The onset of type 2 diabetes in healthy subjects was increased by weight (OR = 1.035; 95% CI: 1.024-1.046; p = 0.00001), WC (OR = 1.075; 95% CI: 1.055-1.096; p = 00001), hip circumference (OR = 1.03; 95% CI: 1.01-1.05; p = 0.005), overweight defined with body mass index (BMI) above 24,9 kg/m(2) (OR = 2.49; 95% CI: 1.77-3.51; p = 0.00001) and hyperlipidaemia (OR = 3.53; 95% CI: 2.57-4.84; p = 0.00001). Conclusions: Risk factors for Type 2 diabetes and diabetic foot are only partially common. Study proved that patients who are prone to developing diabetic foot experience different risk factors than patients who are at risk of diabetes. Identification of relationship between diabetic foot and diabetes risk factors in appropriate groups may help clinicians to focus on certain factors in diabetic foot prevention.
Optimal Blood Pressure for Cognitive Function: Findings from an Elderly African-American Cohort Study; Objectives To report the results from a prospective cohort study on the association between blood pressure (BP) and cognitive function in elderly African Americans. Design Prospective cohort study conducted from 1997 to 2009. Setting Community-based study in Indianapolis. Participants African Americans aged 65years or older (N=3,145). Measurements At each assessment, participant cognitive function was measured using the Community Screening Interview for Dementia. Other measurements included BP, height, weight, education level, antihypertensive medication use, alcohol use, smoking, and history of chronic medical conditions. Results Longitudinal assessments (n=5,995) contributed by 2,721 participants with complete independent variables were analyzed using a semiparametric mixed-effects model. Systolic BP (SBP) of approximately 135mmHg and diastolic BP (DBP) of approximately 80mmHg were associated with optimal cognitive function after adjusting for other variables (P=.02). Weight loss with body mass index<30.0kg/m2 was significantly related to poorer cognitive performance (P<.001). Older age at first assessment, lower education level; smoking; and history of depression, stroke, and diabetes mellitus were related to worse cognitive function; taking antihypertensive medication and drinking alcohol were associated with better cognitive function. Conclusion High and low BP were associated with poorer cognitive performance. A joint optimal region of SBP and DBP for cognitive function has been identified, which may provide useful clinical information on optimal BP control in cognitive health and lead to better quality of life for elderly adults.
Cerebral Hemodynamics and Vascular Risk Factors: Setting the Stage for Alzheimer's Disease; Considerable information is currently available from neuroimaging, pathological, and population-based prospective studies showing that vascular risk factors are independently associated with an increased risk of Alzheimer's disease (AD). Many of these studies indicate that vascular risk factors can predict the clinical development of cognitive dysfunction and AD onset. This review examines the role of cerebral hemodynamics and vasoactive molecules that contribute to the regulation of cerebral perfusion and how three common vascular risk factors to AD, namely, hypertension, diabetes type 2, and atherosclerosis, can alter cerebral blood flow (CBF) regulation and generate perfusion pressure deficits. It is proposed that these vascular risk factors (and presumably other vascular risk factors) initiate chronic brain hypoperfusion that ultimately impair signaling from neurons, astrocytes, and endothelial cells to vascular smooth muscle controlling vessel diameter. Impaired signaling involving vascular pathways in the elderly can attenuate vessel tone and deregulate CBF. Noxious cerebral hemodynamic responses to vascular risk factors and chronic brain hypoperfusion are partly explained by Poiseuille's Law which states that miniscule changes in vessel diameter can have a dramatic effect on vessel resistance and on the rate of blood flow. Using Poiseuille's model, even minor narrowing of arteriolar diameter can lead to major reductions in CBF and in suboptimal delivery of high energy nutrients to the brain, with lethal consequences to brain cells that participate in cognitive function. Regional brain cell loss sets the stage for age-related cognitive impairment and AD onset. Keeping cerebral hemodynamic homeostasis by careful management of vascular risk factors could be a decisive therapeutic target in the prevention of AD.
Pentraxin 3 as a potential biomarker of acetaminophen-induced liver injury; Objective: Overdose of acetaminophen (APAP) can lead to severe liver injury in humans and experimental animals. Pentraxin-3 (PTX-3) is produced and released by several cell types. In this study, we aimed to evaluate whether PTX-3 is a potential biomarker in the identification of APAP-induced liver injury. Materials and methods: Thirty adult male Wistar rats were randomly divided into three groups: control, APAP-1 and APAP-2 groups. APAP-1 (1 g/kg) and APAP-2 (2 g/kg) group rats were given APAP by gastric tube. Liver tissues and blood samples were obtained for biochemical and histopathological analysis. Biochemical parameters, plasma and liver PTX-3 levels and degree of liver necrosis were measured in all groups. Results: APAP treatments caused necrosis in liver and accompanied by elevated liver PTX-3 levels after 48 h. In APAP-1 and APAP-2 groups when compared with control group (7.5 +/- 3.3 ng/mg protein), mean liver PTX-3 concentrations were 14.1 +/- 3.0 (p = 0.032) and 28.5 +/- 8.2 (p < 0.001) ng/mg protein, respectively. All rats (100%) in the APAP-2 group had the degree 3 liver necrosis. However 10%, 40% and 50% of rats had the degree 1, the degree 2 and the degree 3 liver necrosis in the APAP-1 group, respectively. The degrees of liver necrosis of the APAP-1 and APAP-2 groups were higher than the group of control (p < 0.001 and p < 0.001, respectively). Conclusions: PTX-3 may have a role in the APAP-induced liver injury in the rats. The elevated liver PTX-3 in the APAP-induced hepatic necrosis might be a marker of acute histological liver damage. Further prospective studies are necessary to clarify the prognostic value of liver PTX-3 for prediction of histological hepatic necrosis in the APAP-induced liver injury. (C) 2011 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
Vectorcardiographic and electrocardiographic criteria to distinguish new and old left bundle branch block; BACKGROUND There are no established criteria to differentiate new from old left bundle branch block (LBBB). This complicates management of patients with LBBB and suspected acute coronary syndrome. OBJECTIVES The purpose of this study was to develop electrocardiographic (ECG) criteria to differentiate new and old LBBB. METHODS All LBBB tracings (n = 3,706) in a hospital ECG database were retrieved. New (<24 hours, n = 39) and old (>24 hours, n = 1,760) LBBB tracings were identified. QRS and T-wave amplitudes, directions, and durations were measured digitally. Vectorcardiograms were reconstructed from 12-lead ECGs using inverse Dower transform and analyzed with Cardio3KG software. Receiver operator characteristic (ROC) curves were used to develop decision rules to distinguish new and old LBBB. RESULTS The new LBBB group had larger T-vector magnitude (1.20 +/- 0.07 vs. 0.71 +/- 0.01 mV), smaller QRS vector magnitude (2.13 +/- 0.12 vs. 2.47 +/- 0.02 mV), and a lower QRS/T vector magnitude ratio (QRS/T; 1.79 +/- 0.03 vs. 3.92 +/- 0.04) compared with the old LBBB group (mean +/- standard error of the mean, P < .001). The ratio of deepest S to largest T wave in precordial leads (Max S/T) was significantly smaller in the new compared with in the old LBBB group (1.66 +/- 0.05 vs. 3.54 +/- 0.08; P < .001). A decision rule using QRS/T <2.25 and Max S/T <2.5 had 100% sensitivity and 96%-68% specificity in diagnosing new LBBB, including subsets of patients with tachycardia and ischemia. CONCLUSIONS QRS/T and Max S/T allow accurate discrimination between new and old LBBB suitable for both computerized and manual analysis. If confirmed in prospective studies, this finding can improve management of patients with chest pain and LBBB.
Medical consumption compared for TIMI and HEART score in chest pain patients at the emergency department: a retrospective cost analysis; Objective To investigate which risk score (TIMI score or HEART score) identifies the largest population of low-risk patients at the emergency department (ED). Furthermore, we retrospectively calculated the corresponding expected decrease in medical consumption if these patients would have been discharged from the ED. Methods We performed analyses in two hospitals of the multicentre prospective validation study of the HEART score, executed in 2008 and 2009. Patients with chest pain presenting to the ED were included and information was collected on major adverse cardiac events (MACEs) and on hospital admissions and diagnostic procedures within 6weeks. The TIMI and HEART score were calculated for each patient. Results We analysed 640 patients (59% male, mean age of 60, cumulative incidence of MACE 17%). An estimated total of Euro763468 was spent during follow-up on hospital admission and diagnostic procedures. In total, 256 (40%) patients had a HEART score of 0-3 and were considered low risk (miss rate 1.6%), a total of Euro64107 was spent on diagnostic procedures and hospital admission after initial presentation in this group. In comparison, 105 (16%) patients with TIMI score of 0 were considered low risk (miss rate 0%), with a total of Euro14670 spent on diagnostic procedures and initial hospital admission costs. With different cut-offs for low risk, HEART 0-2 (miss rate 0.7%), would have resulted in a total of Euro25365 in savings, compared with Euro71905 when an alternative low risk cut-off for TIMI of TIMI1 would be used (miss rate 3.0%). Conclusions The HEART score identifies more patients as low risk compared with the TIMI score, which may lead to a larger reduction in diagnostic procedures and costs in this low-risk group. Future studies should prospectively investigate whether adhering to the HEART score in clinical practice and early discharge of low-risk patients is safe and leads to a reduction in medical consumption.
QT variability strongly predicts sudden cardiac death in asymptomatic subjects with mild or moderate left ventricular systolic dysfunction:: a prospective study; Aims The most widely accepted marker for stratifying the risk of sudden cardiac death (SCD) in post myocardial infarction patients is a depressed left ventricular function. Left ventricular ejection fractions (EF) of 35% or less increase the risk of sudden death but values between 35 and 40% raise concern. The underlying pathophysiological mechanism is sustained ventricular tachycardia or fibrillation, both associated with increased cardiac repolarization variability. We assessed whether the indices of QT variability from a short-term electrocardiographic (ECG) recording predict sudden death. Methods and results A total of 396 subjects with chronic heart failure (CHF) due to post-ischaemic cardiomyopathy, with an EF between 35 and 40% and in NYHA class 1, underwent a 5 min ECG recording to calculate the following variables: QT variance (QT,), QT normalized for the square of the mean QT (QTVN), and QT variability index (QTVI). Corrected QT (QT(C)) was calculated from a 12-lead ECG recording. AU participants were followed for 5 years. A multivariable survival model indicated that a QTVI greater than or equal to the 80th percentile indicated a high risk of SCD [hazards ratio (HR) 4.6, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.5-13.4, P= 0.006] and, though to a lesser extent, a high risk of total mortality (HR 2.4, 95% CI 1.2-4.9, P = 0.017). The model including QTVI as a continuous variable confirmed a similar high risk for SCD (HR 2.9, 95% CI 1.3-6.5, P = 0.01) and for total mortality (HR 2.6, 9 5% CI 1.3-5.2, P = 0. 008). Conclusion Although asymptomatic patients with CHF who have a slightly depressed EF are at low risk of sudden death, the category is extraordinarily numerous. The QTVI could be helpful in stratifying the risk of sudden death in this otherwise undertreated population.
Is the benefit of early recanalization sustained at 3 months? A prospective cohort study; Background and Purpose-Early arterial recanalization can lead to dramatic recovery (DR) during intravenous tissue plasminogen activator (tPA) therapy. However, it remains unclear whether this clinical recovery is sustained 3 months after stroke. Methods-We studied consecutive patients treated with intravenous tPA (0.9 mg/kg within 3 hours) who had M1 or proximal M2 middle cerebral artery occlusion on pretreatment transcranial Doppler according to previously validated criteria. Patients were continuously monitored for 2 hours after tPA bolus to determine complete, partial, or no early recanalization with the Thrombolysis in Brain Ischemia (TIBI) flow grading system. A neurologist obtained the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) and modified Rankin Scale (mRS) scores independently of transcranial Doppler results. DR was defined as a total NIHSS score of 0 to 3 points, and early recovery (ER) was defined improvement by greater than or equal to 10 points at 2 hours after tPA bolus. Good long-term outcome was defined as an NIHSS score of 0 to 2 or an mRS score of 0 to 1 at 3 months. Results-Fifty-four patients with proximal middle cerebral artery occlusion had a median prebolus NIHSS score of 16 (range, 6 to 28; 90% with greater than or equal to 10 points). The tPA bolus was given at 130+/-32 minutes (median, 120 minutes; 57% treated within the first 2 hours). DR+ER was observed in 50% of patients with early complete recanalization (n=18), 17% with partial recanalization (n= 18), and 0% with no early recanalization (n= 18) (P=0.025). Overall, DR+ER was observed in 12 patients (22%), and 9 (75%) had good outcome at 3 months in terms of NIHSS (P=0.009) and mRS (P=0.006) scores compared with non-DR and non-ER patients. If early recanalization was complete, 50% of these patients had good outcome at 3 months, and 78% with DR+ER sustained early clinical benefit. If recanalization was partial, 44% had good long-term outcome, and 66% of patients with DR+ER sustained the benefit. If no early recanalization occurred, 22% had good long-term outcome despite the lack of DR within 2 hours of tPA bolus (P=0.046). Mortality was 11%, 11%, and 39% in patients with complete, partial, and no early recanalization, respectively (P=0.025). Reasons for not sustaining DR in patients with early recanalization were subsequent symptomatic intracranial hemorrhage and recurrent ischemic stroke. Conclusions-DR or ER after recanalization within 2 hours after tPA bolus was sustained at 3 months in most patients (75%) in our study. Complete or partial early recanalization leads to better outcome at 3 months after stroke. Fewer patients achieve good long-term outcome without early recanalization.
Pathogenesis and management of Kawasaki disease; Kawasaki disease (KD) is an acute systemic inflammatory illness of young children that can result in coronary artery aneurysms, myocardial infarction and sudden death in previously healthy children. Clinical and epidemiologic features support an infectious cause, but the etiology remains unknown four decades after KD was first identified by Tomisaku Kawasaki. Finding the cause of KD is a pediatric research priority. We review the unique immunopathology of KD and describe the current treatment. New research has led to identification of viral-like cytoplasmic inclusion bodies in acute KD tissues; this finding could lead to identification of the elusive etiologic agent and result in significant advances in KD diagnosis and treatment. Current management of acute KD is based upon prospective, multicenter treatment trials of intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) with high-dose aspirin. Optimal therapy is 2 g/kg IVIG with high-dose aspirin as soon as possible after diagnosis during the acute febrile phase of illness, followed by low-dose aspirin until follow-up echocardiograms indicate a lack of coronary abnormalities. The addition of one dose of intravenous pulse steroid has not been shown to be beneficial. For the 10-15% of patients with refractory KD, few controlled data are available. Options include repeat IVIG (our preference), a 3-day course of intravenous pulse methylprednisolone, or infliximab (Remicade (R)). Patients with mild-to-moderate coronary abnormalities should receive an antiplatelet agent such as low-dose aspirin (3-5 mg/kg/day) or clopidogrel (1 mg/kg/day up to 75 mg), and those with giant (similar to 8 mm diameter) or multiple coronary aneurysms should receive an antiplatelet agent with an anticoagulant such as warfarin or low-molecular-weight heparin. Acute coronary obstruction requires acute thrombolytic therapy with a surgical or percutaneous interventional procedure.
HYPERINSULINEMIA AS PREDICTOR OF ATHEROSCLEROTIC VASCULAR-DISEASE - EPIDEMIOLOGIC EVIDENCE; Three prospective population studies on non-diabetic subjects - the Helsinki Policemen Study, the Busselton Study, and the Paris Prospective Study - have shown that high plasma insulin levels, fasting or after oral glucose load, are associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease (CHD).  The excess of CHD events accumulating in the highest quintiles or deciles for plasma insulin and multivariate analyses suggests that the predictive value of plasma insulin with regard to CHD risk would be independent of blood glucose levels and other major CHD risk factors.  Interpretation of the results of multivariate analyses including plasma insulin is, however, complex owing to relatively strong correlations between plasma insulin and several other risk factors.  Interaction of the predictive value of plasma insulin with other risk factors, such as obesity, plasma lipids and lipoproteins, and blood pressure also deserves consideration.  Analyses of the follow-up data from the Paris Prospective Study have in fact shown that such interaction exists with regard to obesity, high plasma insulin levels being predictive of increased risk of CHD in obese subjects but not in lean subjects. No information is available about the possible relationship between plasma free-insulin levels and atherosclerotic vascular disease (ASVD) in patients with insulin-dependent type diabetes receiving insulin treatment.  Information concerning the relationship of plasma insulin to ASVD in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDD) is so far fragmentary but suggests that elevated plasma insulin levels would be predictive of increased risk of ASVD in NIDD and its precursor stage, IGT. "Insulin resistance syndrome" could be the common denominator leading to hyperinsulinaemia and the associated cluster of other risk factors which could jointly result in accelerated atherogenesis.  Epidemiological studies cannot solve the complex question about the place of hyperinsulinaemia/insulin resistance in the etiological chain leading to ASVD, but further epidemiological studies and new analyses of the existing data may lead to a clearer picture of hyperinsulinaemia and insulin resistance as predictors of ASVD.
Electrocardiographic findings and incident coronary heart disease among participants in the atherosclerosis risk in communities (ARIC) study; The associations of many electrocardiographic (ECG) abnormalities at rest with incident coronary heart disease (CHD) are not completely established, and whether individual ECG abnormalities convey similar risk across gender and race is uncertain. We studied the independent association of several ECG findings with incident CHD, testing for effect modification by gender and race, in a large, population-based, prospective cohort study. Findings from the baseline 12-lead electrocardiograms in 1987 to 1989 were classified according to the Minnesota Code in 12,987 black and white men and women, aged 45 to 64 years, who were initially free of CHD and the use of specific cardiac medications. The incidence of CHD was ascertained through 2000. After adjustment for multiple cardiovascular risk factors, the ECG findings that had the highest hazard rate ratios (HRRs) for incident CHD, when considered singly, were left ventricular hypertrophy with ST-T strain pattern in white men (HRR 6.50) and in black women (HRR 2.31) and, in the whole cohort, major (HRR 2.27) and minor (HRR 2.47) ST depression and major T-wave abnormalities (HRR 2.12). Statistically significant associations were also found in the whole cohort for minor Q waves and left ventricular hypertrophy by the Cornell definition, but not for a prolonged QTc interval, major ventricular conduction defects, or ST elevation. In conclusion, several 12-lead ECG findings were independently associated with incident CHD in middle-aged adults. With only a few exceptions, the associations were similar for blacks and whites. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. Alt rights reserved.
Laparoscopic aortic surgery: Long-term results; Objectives: To present the long-term results using total and assisted laparoscopic aortic surgery in arteriosclerotic occlusive lesions and an aneurysm in the aortic-iliac region. Material and methodmethods: A prospective study was conducted by analysing the data of 7 and 14 patients (a total of 21) operated on using aortoiliofemoral bypass from November 2001 to October 2003, and from May 2006 to September 2008, respectively. The lesions consisted of Transatlantic Inter-Society Consensus (TASC) II Type D lesions, and Fontaine stage II, III, and IV lesions, and one abdominal aortic (AAA) lesion, with 11 cases totally laparoscopic and 10 assisted. In the first period, a retroperitoneal approach was used, and in the second, transperitoneal. Results: Of the 21 patients with a mean age of 60 years (range 41-76), 20 were males and one was female. The mean operating time was 390 min (range 222 to 570 min). The mean time using an aortic clamp was 110 min. There was no perioperative mortality, and the major complications were: one perioperative acute myocardial infarction (AMI), one duodenal perforation, one aortic stitch haemorrhage, and branch thrombectomy at 12 hours. The complications at follow-up included: one prosthesis infection (resolved by aortic ligature and axillo-bifemoral bypass. Further surgery was performed on one graft thrombosis due to plication at 5 months, 2 branch thrombectomies and a profundoplasty at 7 months and 10 years, respectively, and one bifurcated bypass replacement at 2 years, with all of them continuing to smoke. There were 5 deaths at 4, 5, 6, 7, and 10 years, with only one associated with its disease. In 2013, 16 patients are alive, with 100% patency. Conclusions: The difficulty of this surgery and the learning curve, can lead to major complications in the immediate post-operative period. The assisted patency results in the long-term are similar to the excellent results of open surgery. (C) 2014 SEACV. Published by Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. All rights reserved.
Blood pressure levels, risk factors and antihypertensive treatments:: lessons from the SHEAF study; Objectives: The SHEAF study (Self measurement of blood pressure at Home in the Elderly: Assessment and Follow-up) is a 3-year prospective cohort study of French elderly (greater than or equal to60 years) hypertensive patients designed to assess whether home blood pressure (HBP) measurement provides additional prognostic information over office blood pressure (OBP) in terms of cardiovascular mortality and morbidity. The objective of the present work is to describe the baseline data of the population enrolled in the SHEAF study with special emphasis on blood pressure control in treated hypertensives. Methods: During the 2-week initial inclusion phase, baseline demographics, cardiovascular risk factors, anti hypertensive treatments as well as office and home blood pressure were recorded. Baseline OBP was assessed using a mercury sphygmomanometer (three consecutive measurements during two visits performed 2 weeks apart). HBP was performed over a 4-day period (three consecutive measurements in the morning and in the evening). Results: A total of 4939 (95%) of the 5211 patients included in the SHEAF study were treated with at least one anti hypertensive drug. Their ages ranged from 60 to 99 years (mean age 70+/-7 years); 49% were men, 12% had a previous history of coronary artery disease, 14% diabetes and 43% a treated dyslipidaemia. A total of 45% of the treated patients received a single antihypertensive drug, 34% two drugs, 21% three drugs or more. Overall 23% of treated hypertensives were normalised at the doctor's office (systolic BP <140 mm Hg and diastolic BP <90 mm Hg) and 27% at home (home systolic BP <135 mm Hg and home diastolic BP <85 mm Hg). Poor blood pressure control was associated with age, an increasing presence of diabetes and prescription of several antihypertensives. The proportion of subjects with controlled blood pressure decrease with age from 28% (60-69 years) to 21% (greater than or equal to80 years). Blood pressure control of diabetic patients was particularly poor as only 19% had an OBP <140/90 mm Hg and 6% a blood pressure <130/85 mm Hg. The percentage of patients with controlled OBP decreased from 26% when receiving a single anti hypertensive drug to 11% when receiving four anti hypertensives or more. Conclusion: In the SHEAF study, less than one-third of the patients had an OBP adequately controlled thus confirming previous studies performed in younger populations. Presence of associated cardiovascular risk factors including diabetes did not give rise to a better blood pressure control. When blood pressure control was assessed using HBP measurement similar results were found. As the beneficial effect of anti hypertensive treatment has been particularly well established in the elderly, the data of this study underlines the need for a closer and more rigorous management of elderly hypertensives.
Limited benefits of ambulance telemetry in delivering early thrombolysis: a randomised controlled trial; Objectives: To evaluate the potential of a continuous telemetry system linking rural ambulances to a coronary care unit to reduce call to thrombolysis times. Methods: This prospective randomised controlled trial recruited patients using the 999 ambulance service in a rural area of the UK with signs or symptoms of coronary heart disease. Subjects were assigned to receive either standard paramedic treatment or transmission of 12 lead ECG, blood pressure, pulse oximetry, and relevant medical history to a general hospital coronary care unit. Cardiology senior house officers then determined each patient's suitability for pre- hospital thrombolysis time, and transmitted this decision back to the ambulance. This was documented as the potential thrombolysis, although no thrombolytic agents were administered by paramedics. The between groups difference in time to potential thrombolysis ( intervention group) and actual thrombolysis ( controls) was compared. The proportion of intervention group subjects ultimately receiving thrombolysis in hospital was compared with that recommended for pre- hospital thrombolysis. Results: The potential reduction in call to treatment time for telemetry patients recommended for pre-hospital thrombolysis was 55 minutes ( p = 0.022). Following hospital admission, 21/ 213 of the telemetry patients were thrombolysed ( 10%, 95% confidence interval ( CI) 6% to 15%). Of these patients, 3/ 21 received a recommendation for thrombolysis in the ambulance ( 14%, 95% CI 3.1% to 36.3%). The sensitivity and specificity of the telemetry system in detecting patients requiring thrombolysis was 13.6 and 99.5% respectively. Errors were made in the pre- hospital treatment recommendations for two patients. Conclusions: Continuous telemetry systems may significantly reduce call to treatment times for patients recommended for pre- hospital thrombolysis in a rural setting. However, this benefit must be balanced against the very small proportion of eligible patients identified as suitable for pre- hospital thrombolysis. This limitation may be due to communications problems, the criteria used to identify eligible patients, or the seniority of physicians tasked with making treatment decisions.
Prevalence of gait disorders in hospitalized neurological patients; The prevalence of gait disorders among neurological inpatients is unknown, although disturbed gait is a common symptom. Gait disorders often lead to loss of independence with restraints for the patients and caregivers and costs for the health system. We designed a prospective study and investigated all patients admitted to a neurological hospital during a 100-day period for the presence of a gait disorder. Clinical investigation and several disease-specific rating scales were carried out for 493 patients. In 60% of the patients, a disturbance of gait was diagnosed. Most frequent diagnoses were stroke (21%), Parkinson's disease (17%), and polyneuropathy (7%). Within these diagnoses, the rate of patients with disturbed gait was high in Parkinson's disease (93%), subcortical arteriosclerotic encephalopathy (85%), and motor neuron disease (83%). Advanced age, dementia, alcohol abuse, and treatment with antiepileptics, neuroleptics, benzodiazepines, and chemotherapeutics were identified as risk factors for a gait disorder. A decline of cognitive function was accompanied by a reduction of walking speed. According to these results, gait disorders are among the most frequent symptoms in neurology. (C) 2004 Movement Disorder Society
Incidence and prognosis of vascular complications after percutaneous placement of left ventricular assist device; Objective: Mechanical assist devices have found an increasingly important role in high-risk interventional cardiac procedures. The Impella (Abiomed Inc, Danvers, Mass) is a percutaneous left ventricular assist device inserted through the femoral artery under fluoroscopic guidance and positioned in the left ventricular cavity. This study was undertaken to assess the incidence of vascular complications and associated morbidity and mortality that can occur with Impella placement. Methods: We used a prospective database to review patients who underwent placement of an Impella left ventricular assist device in our tertiary referral center from July 2010 to December 2013. Patient demographics, comorbidities, interventional complications, and 30-day mortality were recorded. Results: The study included 90 patients (60% male). Mean age was 66 years (range, 17-97 years). Hypertension was found in 69% of the patients, 37% were diabetic, 57% had a history of tobacco abuse, and 65% had chronic renal insufficiency. The median preprocedure cardiac ejection fraction was 30%. Most (87%) had undergone coronary artery intervention. Cardiogenic shock was documented in 67 patients (74%). The Impella was placed for an average of 1 day (range, 0-5 days). At least one vascular complication occurred in 15 patients (17%). Acute limb ischemia occurred in 12 patients; of whom four required an amputation and six required open or endovascular surgery. Other complications included groin hematomas and one pseudoaneurysm. All patient 30-day mortality was 50%, which was not significantly associated with vascular complications. Female sex and cardiogenic shock at the time of insertion were associated with vascular complications (P = .043 and P =.018, respectfully). Conclusions: Vascular complications are common with placement of the Impella percutaneous left ventricular assist device (17%) and are related to emergency procedures. Vascular complications in this high-risk patient population frequently lead to withdrawal of care. These data provide quality improvement targets for left ventricular assist device programs.
Efficacy and safety of non-invasive ventilation in the treatment of acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema - a systematic review and meta-analysis; Introduction Continuous positive airway pressure ventilation ( CPAP) and non-invasive positive pressure ventilation (NPPV) are accepted treatments in acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema (ACPE). However, it remains unclear whether NPPV is better than CPAP in reducing the need for endotracheal intubation (NETI) rates, mortality and other adverse events. Our aim was to review the evidence about the efficacy and safety of these two methods in ACPE management. Methods We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on the effect of CPAP and/or NIPV in the treatment of ACPE, considering the outcomes NETI, mortality and incidence of acute myocardial infarction ( AMI). We searched six electronic databases up to May 2005 without language restrictions, reviewed references of relevant articles, hand searched conference proceedings and contacted experts. Results Of 790 articles identified, 17 were included. In a pooled analysis, 10 studies of CPAP compared to standard medical therapy (SMT) showed a significant 22% absolute risk reduction (ARR) in NETI (95% confidence interval (CI), - 34% to - 10%) and 13% in mortality ( 95% CI, - 22% to - 5%). Six studies of NPPV compared to SMT showed an 18% ARR in NETI ( 95% CI, - 32% to - 4%) and 7% in mortality ( 95% CI, - 14% to 0%). Seven studies of NPPV compared to CPAP showed a non-significant 3% ARR in NETI ( 95% CI, - 4% to 9%) and 2% in mortality ( 95% CI, - 6% to 10%). None of these methods increased AMI risk. In a subgroup analysis, NPPV did not lead to better outcomes than CPAP in studies including more hypercapnic patients. Conclusion Robust evidence now supports the use of CPAP and NPPV in ACPE. Both techniques decrease NETI and mortality compared to SMT and none shows increased AMI risk. CPAP should be considered a first line intervention as NPPV did not show a better efficacy, even in patients with more severe conditions, and CPAP is cheaper and easier to implement in clinical practice.
Proteomics: From basic research to diagnostic application. A review of requirements & needs; For several years proteomics research has been expected to lead to the finding of new markers that will translate into clinical tests applicable to samples such as serum, plasma and urine: so-called in vitro diagnostics (IVDs). Attempts to implement technologies applied in proteomics, in particular protein arrays and surface-enhanced laser desorption ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (SELDI-TOF MS), as IVD instruments have initiated constructive discussions on opportunities and challenges inherent in such a translation process also with respect to the use of multi-marker profiling approaches and pattern signatures in IVD. Taking into account the role that IVD plays in health care, we describe IVD requirements and needs. Subject to stringent costs versus benefit analyses, IVD has to provide reliable information about a person's condition, prognosis or risk to suffer a disease, thus supporting decisions on treatment or prevention. It is mandatory to fulfill requirements in routine IVD, including disease prevention, diagnosis, prognosis, and treatment monitoring or follow up among others. To fulfill IVD requirements, it is essential to (1) provide diagnostic tests that allow for definite and reliable diagnosis tied to a decision on interventions (prevention, treatment, or nontreatment), (2) meet stringent performance characteristics for each analyte (in particular test accuracy, including both precision of the measurement and trueness of the measurement), and (3) provide adequate diagnostic accuracy, i.e., diagnostic sensitivity and diagnostic specificity, determined by the desired positive and negative predictive values which depend on disease frequency. The fulfillment of essential IVD requirements is mandatory in the regulated environment of modern diagnostics. Addressing IVD needs at an early stage can support a timely and effective transition of findings and developments into routine diagnosis. IVD needs reflect features that are useful in clinical practice. This helps to generate acceptance and assists the implementation process. On the basis of IVD requirements and needs, we outline potential implications for clinical proteomics focused on applied research activities.
Use of cytokine filters in cardiopulmonary bypass machines. Modification of postoperative inflammatory responses; Background. Cardiac surgical interventions using a cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) machine induce a systemic inflammatory reaction due to activation of multiple inflammatory cascades. In the postoperative phase this can result in systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS). The activation of various mediators of inflammation, such as interleukin 6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) can lead to postoperative complications, organ dysfunction, morbidity andmortality. Aim. The effect of adsorption of cytokines using CytoSorb (R) with a CPB machine during cardiac surgery is evaluated. Material and methods. This study is being conducted as a prospective, observational pilot study to determine the clinical impact of the use of an adsorption filter (CytoSorb (R)) on the serum levels of IL-6, IL-8 and TNF-alpha using a CPB machine. This pilot study includes 300 patients planned for elective surgical myocardial revascularization, partitioned into 3 groups each with 100 patients with on-pump myocardial revascularization with CytoSorb (R), on-pump myocardial revascularization without CytoSorb (R) and off-pump myocardial revascularization. Primary outcome measures are the inflammatory response serum parameters IL-6, IL-8, TNFalpha, complement C3/C4, leucocyte counts and C-reactive protein. Secondary outcome measures are length of intensive care unit (ICU) and total hospital stay, duration of ventilation, duration of catecholamine therapy, kidney injury as well as major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCE, mortality, myocardial infarction and cerebrovascular events). Results. An interimanalysis after concluding 60% of the planned patients revealed a well-balanced group allocation of patients. In the group with CytoSorb (R) the IL-6 values are decreased, whereas TNF-alpha values are comparable between the three groups. There seems to be a tendency for less infections in this group. Conclusion. The use of the CytoSorb (R) filter during CPB is safe compared with the standard procedure and applicable without technical difficulties. CytoSorb (R) reduces the cytokine load and seems to attenuate the inflammatory response. Initial positive tendencies in improved clinical endpoints need to subsequently be confirmed in continuing studies.
Persistent conduction abnormalities and requirements for pacemaking six months after transcatheter aortic valve implantation; Aims: Early conduction abnormalities and need for pacemaking after transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI) is well recognised. It is still unknown, however, if these conduction abnormalities are persistent, and what is the need for permanent pacemaking after 1-month follow-up. In this prospective study, we examined the incidence of post-procedural and 6-month conduction abnormalities and need for permanent pacemaking after TAVI. Methods and results: We examined the 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) of 91 consecutive patients in whom a Medtronic CoreValve ReValving System was implanted between November 2005 and April 2009. We evaluated the ECGs before treatment, after treatment, at 1-month and 6-month follow-up. The requirement and timing of permanent pacemaking was documented. The mean age of patients was 81 +/- 7 years and the mean logistic EuroSCORE was 16 +/- 9%. Median duration of follow-up was 213 days (IQR 64, 519). There was a 39% increase in the frequency of LBBB after TAVI (15% before treatment vs. 54% after treatment, p < 0.001). Importantly, there was no significant change in the frequency of LBBB from after treatment to 1- or 6-month follow-up (54% after treatment vs. 42% at 1-month follow-up, p=0.45, and 54% after treatment vs. 45% at 6-month follow-up, p=0.39). Permanent pacemaking was required in 17/91 (19%) of patients. A permanent pacemaker was implanted in 8/17 patients (47%) within seven days of TAVI, in 6/17 (35%) at 7-30 days, and in 3/17(18%) after 30 days. Male gender, previous myocardial infarction, pre-existing right bundle branch block, actual diameter (mm) of the inflow portion of the CoreValve frame post-implantation and depth of implantation were predictors for new LBBB; pre-treatment QRS duration (msec) and septal wall thickness were predictors for permanent pacemaking. Conclusions: These results suggest that early conduction abnormalities occurring after TAVI persist at 6-months follow-up. Patient-related, anatomical-related, and procedure-related factors need to be considered in the pathogenesis of conduction abnormalities after TAVI.
The impact of utilization management on readmissions among patients with cardiovascular disease; Objective. To determine if prospective utilization reviews that lead to reduced hospital length of stay (LOS) relative to days requested by an attending physician affect the likelihood of readmission for privately insured patients with cardiovascular disease. Data Sources. Data obtained from a private insurance company on utilization management decisions from 1989 through 1993. During this five-year period, 39,117 inpatient reviews were conducted, 4,326 (11.1 percent) on patients with cardiovascular disease. We selected for analysis all 4,326 reviews performed on patients with cardiovascular disease. Study Design. We used proportional hazard analysis (Cox regression) to investigate the relationship between LOS reductions relative to days requested by a patient's attending physician and the likelihood of readmission within 60 days of discharge. Separate analyses were performed for medical and procedural admissions. Principal Findings. There were 2,813 requests for medical admission, and 1,513 requests for procedural admission. Requests for admission were rarely denied. Length of stay was reduced relative to that requested by the treating physician for 17 percent and 19 percent of medical and procedural admissions, respectively. Cumulative 60-day readmission rates were 9.5 percent for medical admissions and 12.3 percent for procedural admissions. We found no relationship between LOS reduction and the likelihood of readmission for medical admissions. However, patients admitted for procedures who had their length of stay reduced by two or more days were 2.6 times as likely to be readmitted within 60 days as those who had no reduction in their length of stay (95% CI: 1.3-5.1; p < .005). Conclusions. Utilization management (UM) rarely denies requests for inpatient treatment of cardiovascular disease. The association between LOS reduction and the likelihood of readmission for patients admitted for cardiovascular procedures raises concern that UM may adversely affect clinical outcome for some patients. Further research is needed to definitively elucidate any relationship that might exist between utilization review decisions and quality of care.
Predicting sudden death in patients with mild to moderate chronic heart failure; Objectives: To explore the relation between non-invasive measures of cardiac function and sudden cardiac death, as well as the development and utility of an index integrating these variables to identify patients at increased risk of this mode of death. Design: UK-HEART (United Kingdom-heart failure evaluation and assessment of risk trial) was a prospective study conducted between December 1993 and April 2000. The study was specifically designed to identify non-invasive markers of death and mode of death among patients with chronic heart failure. Setting: 8 UK general hospitals. Main outcome measures: Death and mode of death. Results: 553 patients aged a mean (SD) of 63 ( 10) years, in New York Heart Association functional class 2.3 (0.02), recruited prospectively. After 2365 patient-years' follow up, 201 patients had died ( 67 suddenly). Predictors of sudden death were greater cardiothoracic ratio, QRS dispersion, QT dispersion corrected for rate (QTc) across leads V1-V6 on the 12 lead ECG, and the presence of non-sustained ventricular tachycardia. The hazard ratio and 95% confidence intervals (CI) of sudden death for a 10% increase in cardiothoracic ratio was 1.43 (95% CI 1.20 to 1.71), for a 10% increase in QRS dispersion 1.11 (95% CI 1.04 to 1.19), for the presence of non-sustained ventricular tachycardia 2.03 (95% CI 1.27 to 3.25), and for a 10% increase in QTc dispersion across leads V1-V6 1.03 (95% CI 1.00 to 1.07) ( all p < 0.04). An index derived from these four factors performed well in identifying patients specifically at increased risk of sudden death. Conclusions: Results show that an index derived from three widely available non-invasive investigations has the potential to identify ambulant patients with chronic heart failure at increased risk of sudden death. This predictive tool could be used to target more sophisticated investigations or interventions aimed at preventing sudden death.
Vitamin D and Cardiovascular Disease; It has long been known from case series that vitamin D excess can lead to atherosclerosis and vascular calcification in humans. In the 1980s, ecological studies provided data that deficient human vitamin D status may also increase the risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD). The assumption of a biphasic vitamin D effect on CVD is supported by experimental studies: Numerous studies have demonstrated positive effects of the vitamin D hormone (1,25-dihydroxyviramin D) on the cardiovascular system. However, the effects and mechanisms that lead to vascular calcification by vitamin D excess could also be confirmed. Large prospective observational studies support the hypothesis of a U-shaped association between vitamin D and CVD. These studies indicate that deficient circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels (< 30 nmol/l) are independently-associated with increased CVD morbidity and mortality. They also suggest that those circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels, which have long been considered to be safe (100-150 nmol/l), are associated with an increased CVD risk. Meanwhile, numerous randomized controlled trials have investigated the effects of vitamin D supplements or ultraviolet B radiation on biochemical cardiovascular risk markers, cardiovascular physiology, and cardiovascular outcomes. Overall, results are mixed with the majority of studies reporting neither beneficial nor adverse vitamin D effects. Several limitations in the study design, which may have prevented beneficial vitamin D effects, are discussed. In conclusion, it must be stated that the role of vitamin D in the prevention and management of CVD as well as the dose-response relationship of potentially harmful effects still remain to be established.
Exertional Heat Illness Among Overweight US Army Recruits In Basic Training; BEDNO SA, LI Y, HAN K COWAN DN, SCOTT CT, CAVICCHIA MA, NIEBUHR DW. Exertional heat illness among overweight U.S. Army recruits in basic training. Aviat Space Environ Med 2010; 81:107-11. Introduction: Heat illness has not declined in the U.S. military despite preventive measures. The increase in overweight recruits entering the U.S. military may lead to an increase in heat-related events. This study compares the risk of heat illness among U.S. Army recruits who exceeded body fat standards at accession to those who met standards. Methods: Recruits with excess body fat and qualified applicants to the Army were required to take a preaccession fitness test during the study period (February 2005 through September 2006). The test included a 5-min step test and 1-min push-up challenge, scored as pass or fail. Incidence and outpatient usage for heat illness (any beat illness, heat stroke, heat exhaustion, and other heat illness) at 90 d of service were compared in 9667 male recruits of whom 826 had excess body fat and 8841 were qualified. There were too few beat events among women for analysis. Results: The incidence odds ratio among male recruits with excess body fat compared to qualified male recruits was 3.63 (95% CI: 1.92, 6.85). Men with excess body fat had an increased incidence of heat illness with a rate ratio of 7.25 (95% CI: 4.17, 12.61). Discussion: Although there were few heat illness events, the results indicate a significantly increased risk of heat illness and outpatient utilization among male recruits with excess body fat. It was estimated that approximately 70% of the relative risk for heat illnesses in men with excess body fat during basic training was associated with exceeding body fat standards. These findings may have implications for military accession and training.
The association between C-reactive protein concentration and depression in later life is due to poor physical health: results from the Health in Men Study (HIMS); Background. C-reactive protein (CRP) is a non-specific marker of inflammation that has been associated with depression and vascular disease, particularly in men. This study aimed to investigate the association between high CRP concentration and depression while taking physical health into account. Method. A cross-sectional study of a community-dwelling sample of 5438 men aged 70+. Participants with scores >=,7 on the 15-item Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS- 15) were considered to display clinically significant depressive symptoms. We measured the serum concentration of CRP with a high-sensitivity assay. The assessment of physical co-morbidity included three components: the Charlson weighted index, self-report of major health events on a standardized questionnaire, and the physical component of the 36-item Short-Form Health Survey (SF-36). Other measured factors included age, native language, education, a standardized socio-economic index, smoking, prior or current history of depression treatment, cognitive impairment (Mini-Mental State Examination score <24) and body mass index (BMI). Results. Participants with depression (n = 340) were older than their controls without depression (age in years: 76.6 +/- 4.4 v. 75.4 +/- 4.1). Men with CRP concentration >3 mg/1 had an increased odds ratio (OR) [1.59, 95 % confidence interval (CI) 1.20-2.11] of being depressed compared to men with CRP <= 3 mg/1. This association became non-significant once we adjusted the analysis for the measures of physical co-morbidity and other confounding factors (OR 1.22, 95 % CI 0.86-1.73). Conclusions. The physiological mechanisms that lead to the onset and maintenance of depressive symptoms in older men remain to be determined, but CRP concentration is unlikely to play a significant role in that process.
QT interval and QT dispersion in systemic sclerosis (scleroderma); Objectives, To measure QT interval and QT dispersion, and to evaluate possible relationships between these measurements, heart rate variability parameters, and early myocardial involvement in patients with systemic sclerosis (SSc). Design. Prospective study. Setting. Tertiary care centre, University 'La Sapienza', Rome, Italy. Subjects. Thirty-eight patients with SSc (35 females and three males, mean age 47 +/- 11 years), 19 patients with the diffuse form of disease and 19 with the limited form, and 17 healthy controls (11 females and six males, mean age 43 +/- 10 years) were studied. Interventions. Both patients and control subjects underwent resting 12-lead electrocardiogram and 24-hour Holter monitoring. Moreover, resting myocardial scintigraphy with 99 m Tc-sestamibi was performed in all SSc patients. Main outcome measures. Bazett's formula was used to obtain rate corrected value of QT interval (QTc). QT and QTc dispersion were defined as the difference between maximum and minimum QT or QTc interval, respectively. Twenty-four-hour heart rate variability was analysed both in the frequency and in the time domain. Results. Twenty-three SSc patients (60.5%) had myocardial resting perfusion defects (group A) and 15 (39.5%) did not (group B). Maximum QTc interval, QT and QTc dispersion were significantly increased in SSc patients compared to the control subjects. No significant differences between group A and group B were observed for all QT measurements. Furthermore, maximum QTc interval, QT dispersion and QTc dispersion were significantly increased in group A patients compared to the control group. Total power, low-frequency, and high-frequency values were significantly lower in all SSc patients, whether in group A or group B, than in control subjects. On the other hand, low-frequency/high-frequency ratio was similar in all groups. Heart rate variability in time domain analysis showed no statistically significant differences between groups. Conclusions. Patients with SSc have increased QTc interval, QT dispersion, and QTc dispersion. The role of autonomic nervous system and myocardial involvement on ventricular repolarization in patients with SSc needs further investigation.
The Addition of Endovascular Intervention for Dural Venous Sinus Thrombosis: Single-Center Experience and Review of Literature; Background: Dural venous sinus thrombosis (DVST) is a cause of infarction and intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) that can lead to significant morbidity. Endovascular therapy has emerged as an adjunctive therapy in select cases but has been associated with increased hemorrhagic complications. We present our experience with a large single-center cohort of DVST cases treated with current-generation thrombectomy devices. Materials and Methods: In this retrospective cohort study, a chart review was performed to compare presentations and outcomes of patients treated with anticoagulation alone with those treated with additional interventional therapy, using the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) score at discharge and at 90 days' follow-up. Results: A total of 66 patients were included; 37 were treated with anticoagulation alone, and 29 underwent additional interventional therapy. Patients presenting with ICH or infarction had a significantly greater likelihood of disability at the time of discharge (odds ratio [OR] of 64.5 and 45.8, respectively; P <.0001) and at 90 days (OR of 28.4 and 22.8, respectively; P < .0001). Patients presenting with ICH or infarction were more likely to be selected for endovascular therapy (P <.05). Endovascular therapy was typically performed within 24 hours of admission; 9 patients (31%) had post-treatment hemorrhage, with 2 being (6.9%) symptomatic. There were fewer patients with slight disability (mRS score = 1) in the endovascular group compared with the anticoagulation group at discharge (P = .05), but outcomes were not significantly different at 90 days (P = .19). Conclusions: Despite a higher rate of ICH or infarction at presentation in the endovascular group and an increased risk of postprocedural ICH, both treatment groups had similarly good functional outcomes at 90 days.
Arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy: ECG progression over time and correlation with long-term follow-up; AimsArrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy (ARVC) is an inherited heart muscle disease primarily affecting the right ventricle and potentially causing sudden death in young people. Our aims are to analyse the progression over time of electrocardiographic (ECG) findings and to investigate their prognostic impact.MethodsSixty-eight patients (69% men; age 3119 years) with ARVC diagnosis were followed up for a mean of 178 years. Follow-up included baseline ECG, 24-h Holter ECG, signal-averaged ECG, stress test, echocardiography, cardiac magnetic resonance and electrophysiologic study.ResultsDuring follow-up 12 (18%) patients died: three of sudden cardiac death (SCD), four of end-stage heart failure and five of noncardiac causes. Aborted SCD occurred in 7 (10%) patients, syncope in 31 (46%), sustained ventricular tachycardia in 43 (63%), heart failure in 18 (26%), atrial fibrillation in 16 (24%) and 3 (4%) patients underwent heart transplant. Twenty-four (35%) patients had implantable cardiac defibrillator (15 and 5 of them received both appropriate and inappropriate interventions, respectively and 7 experienced device-related complications). Of the ECG parameters registered at the enrolment, left anterior fascicular block (P=0.001), QRS duration in lead 1 (P<0.001), Epsilon wave (P<0.001), T wave inversion in V4-V5-V6 (P=0.012, P=0.001 and P=0.006) and low QRS voltages (P=0.001) progressed over time. At multivariate analysis Epsilon wave (odds ratio 20.9, confidence interval 95% 1.8-239.8, P=0.015) was the only predictor of the composite endpoint of SCD, heart failure-related death or heart transplant.ConclusionApart from playing a pivotal role in ARVC diagnosis, a simple ECG feature such as Epsilon wave is a marker of poor prognosis.
Is hypothermia simply a marker of shock and injury severity or an independent risk factor for mortality in trauma patients? Analysis of a large national trauma registry; Background: Successful application of induced hypothermia (HT) after stroke and cardiac arrest has led to a resurgence of interest in its potential protective effects in trauma patients. Although clinical studies demonstrate an adverse effect, they consist of small studies from single institutions. We tested the hypothesis that HT is associated with improved survival in trauma patients by analyzing a large, national trauma database. Methods: The study included all patients in the National Trauma Data Bank (1994-2002) aged 18 to 55 years old with temperature at presentation to the emergency department and base deficit (BD) recorded. Hypothermic (temperature, <35 degrees C; n = 3267) patients and patients with normothermia (temperature, >= 35 degrees C; n = 35,283) patients were compared. Two analyses were conducted to control for the association between HT and injury severity. First, hypothermic and normothermic (NT) patients were stratified by injury severity score (ISS) and shock (blood pressure <= 90 mm Hg). Next, logistic regression was used to control for effects of age, sex, mechanism, ISS, head, chest, and abdominal injuries, BP, Glasgow Coma Scale score, and BD, with survival as the dependent and HT as the predictor variable. Results: Although HT was more common in more seriously injured patients, stratified analysis revealed that hypothermic patients have significantly higher mortality than patients with the same severity of injury who remain NT. Even after controlling for injury severity and the other potential confounders listed above, HT remained a strong, independent predictor of mortality (odds ratio, 1.19; 95% confidence interval, 1.05-1.35). Conclusion: There is no apparent protective effect of HT in trauma patients. HT itself, not just its association with shock, injury severity, and other cofactors lead to a significant increase in mortality in injured patients. Continued, aggressive efforts to prevent and treat HT are warranted.
Convergent Validity and Interrater Reliability of Estimating the ABCD<SUP>2</SUP> Score From Medical Records; Background and Purpose-The ABCD(2) score is increasingly used for risk stratification of transient ischemic attack patients. We sought to determine the reliability and convergent validity of retrospective ABCD(2) score estimation from medical records. Methods-We compared ABCD(2) scores that were prospectively determined by a vascular neurology attending to scores determined retrospectively from medical record review. Emergency department records and neurology consult notes for patients with acute transient ischemic attack were abstracted with explicit ABCD(2) scoring redacted. Scores were estimated by 2 independent raters using these records. Estimated ABCD(2) component scores, total scores, and risk category were compared both between retrospective raters and with prospectively obtained scores. Reliability was assessed using unweighted kappa statistics. Results-Interrater reliability was substantial with 72% exact agreement in total score between retrospective raters (kappa=0.64) and nearly perfect with 82% agreement for ABCD(2) category (kappa=0.71). Interrater agreement was best for age and diabetes mellitus and poorest for clinical features and duration. Agreement between the retrospective raters and prospectively obtained score was >90% for age, blood pressure, and diabetes mellitus, but only approximate to 70% for clinical features and duration. Retrospectively, estimated total ABCD(2) score exactly matched the prospective score in 58% of patients for rater 1 and 44% of patients for rater 2. Retrospectively, estimated ABCD(2) category matched the prospectively scored category in 67% of patients for rater 1 and 71% of patients for rater 2. Conclusions-The ABCD(2) score can be abstracted from medical records with substantial interrater reliability but limited convergent validity. This may lead to misclassification of risk category in more than one third of patients. (Stroke. 2013;44:803-805.)
Effect of intermittent pneumatic compression on disability, living circumstances, quality of life, and hospital costs after stroke: secondary analyses from CLOTS 3, a randomised trial; Background The results of the CLOTS 3 trial showed that intermittent pneumatic compression (IPC) reduced the risk of deep vein thrombosis and improved survival in immobile patients with stroke. IPC is now being widely used in stroke units. Here we describe the disability, living circumstances, quality of life, and hospital costs of patients in CLOTS 3. Methods In CLOTS 3, a parallel group trial in 94 UK hospitals, immobile patients with stroke from days 0 to 3 of admission were assigned with a computer-generated allocation sequence in a 1:1 ratio to IPC or no IPC through a central randomisation system. We followed up patients at about 6 months with postal or telephone questionnaire to assess the secondary endpoints: disability (Oxford Handicap Scale [OHS]), living circumstances, health-related quality of life (EQ5D-3L), and hospital costs (based on use of IPC and length of hospital stay). Patients and carers who completed the postal questionnaires were not masked to treatment allocation, but telephone follow-up in non-responders was masked. All analyses were by intention to treat. This trial is registered, number ISRCTN93529999. Findings Between Dec 8, 2008, and Sept 6, 2012, we enrolled 2876 patients, with 1438 in each group. Despite the previously reported reduction in the risk of proximal deep vein thrombosis at 30 days (primary endpoint), there were no significant differences in disability (OHS 0-2 vs 3-6, adjusted odds ratio [OR] 0.98, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.19, p=0. 83; adjusted ordinal analysis common OR 0.97, 95% CI 0.86 to 1.11), living circumstances (institutional care vs not; adjusted OR 1.11, 95% CI 0.89 to 1.37; p=0. 358), or health-related quality of life (median utility value 0.26, IQR -0.07 to 0.66 with IPC, and 0.27, -0.06 to 0.64, with no IPC; p=0.952). The estimated cost of IPC was 64.10 pound per patient (SD 28.3). The direct costs of preventing a deep vein thrombosis and death were 1282 pound (95% CI 785 to 3077) and 2756 pound (1346 to not estimable), respectively, with IPC. Hospital costs increased by 451 pound with IPC compared with no IPC because of a longer stay in hospital (mean 44-5 days [SD 37.6] vs 42.8 days [37.2]; mean difference 1.8 days, 95% CI -1.0 to 4.5). By 6 months, despite an increase in survival (IPC 152.5 days [SD 60.6] vs no IPC 148.1 days [64.3]; mean difference 4.5 days, 95% CI -0.2 to 9.1), there was a non-significant increase in quality-adjusted survival associated with IPC (IPC 27.6 days [SD 40.6] vs no IPC 26.7 days [39.6]; mean difference 0-9 days, 95% CI -2.1 to 3.9). Interpretation IPC is inexpensive, prevents deep vein thrombosis, improves survival but not functional outcomes, and does not lead to a significant gain in quality-adjusted survival. When deciding whether to treat patients with IPC, cinicians need to take into account all these potential effects.
Seizures After Cardiac Surgery; Introduction: Cardiac surgery, mainly in the form of coronary artery bypass graft surgery, is known to be associated with a risk of injury to the central and peripheral nervous systems. The most commonly encountered central nervous system injury associated with cardiac surgery continues to be stroke, with seizures occurring less commonly but with significant consequences. Seizures in the cardiac surgery recovery unit (CSRU) always cause great concern to the attending physicians and families of the patient. Therefore, it is of critical importance that the attending physician has an accurate and efficient approach to the differential diagnosis, investigations, and management of these patients, who represent a unique group requiring specific investigations and management. Methods: A review and discussion of experience with seizures in the CSRU. Discussion: Cardiac surgery poses a significant threat to the nervous system through various mechanisms although newer technologies and surgical techniques have led to improved outcomes in recent years. Although the incidence of seizures remains low, the causes and management are relatively unique in this setting, including a probable "toxic syndrome" related to certain antibiotics or other perioperative drugs such as tranexamic acid. A targeted approach based on recognizing focal versus generalized seizures, a careful review of history and medications, and a focused workup will lead the clinician to choosing the most effective therapy when one is required. Special concerns regarding the side effect profile of phenytoin in this setting have led to valproate and levetiracetam becoming useful alternatives, which are effective and well tolerated. The incidence of nonconvulsive seizures in the CSRU remains to be elucidated with prospective monitoring studies, as does their effect on outcome. Crown Copyright (C) 2011 Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Diet and Alzheimer's disease risk factors or prevention: the current evidence; Preventing or postponing the onset of Alzheimer's disease (AD) and delaying or slowing its progression would lead to a consequent improvement of health status and quality of life in older age. Elevated saturated fatty acids could have negative effects on age-related cognitive decline and mild cognitive impairment (MCI). Furthermore, at present, epidemiological evidence suggests a possible association between fish consumption, monounsaturated fatty acids and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA; in particular, n-3 PUFA) and a reduced risk of cognitive decline and dementia. Poorer cognitive function and an increased risk of vascular dementia (VaD) were found to be associated with a lower consumption of milk or dairy products. However, the consumption of whole-fat dairy products may be associated with cognitive decline in the elderly. Light-to-moderate alcohol use may be associated with a reduced risk of incident dementia and AD, while for VaD, cognitive decline and predementia syndromes, the current evidence is only suggestive of a protective effect. The limited epidemiological evidence available on fruit and vegetable consumption and cognition generally supports a protective role of these macronutrients against cognitive decline, dementia and AD. Only recently, higher adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet was associated with decreased cognitive decline, although the Mediterranean diet (MeDi) combines several foods, micro- and macro-nutrients already separately proposed as potential protective factors against dementia and predementia syndromes. In fact, recent prospective studies provided evidence that higher adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet could be associated with slower cognitive decline, reduced risk of progression from MCI to AD, reduced risk of AD and a decreased all-cause mortality in AD patients. These findings suggested that adherence to the MeDi may affect not only the risk of AD, but also of predementia syndromes and their progression to overt dementia. Based on the current evidence concerning these factors, no definitive dietary recommendations are possible. However, following dietary advice for lowering the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic disorders, high levels of consumption of fats from fish, vegetable oils, nonstarchy vegetables, low glycemic index fruits and a diet low in foods with added sugars and with moderate wine intake should be encouraged. Hopefully this will open new opportunities for the prevention and management of dementia and AD.
Index complications predict secondary complications after infrainguinal lower extremity bypass for critical limb ischemia; Objective: Patients undergoing lower extremity bypass (LEB) are at high risk of perioperative complications that can lead to a cascade of secondary complications. Our goal was to understand the association of index complications with secondary complications after LEB. Methods: The American College of Surgeons National Surgical Quality Improvement Program (ACS NSQIP) database from 2005 to 2012 was used to analyze secondary complications after five index complications after LEB: deep/organ space surgical site infection, urinary tract infection (UTI), myocardial infarction (MI), pneumonia, and acute renal failure (ARF). Index cohorts were developed with 5: 1 propensity matching for comparison. This score was based on preoperative variables and event-free days. Results: We evaluated 20,230 LEB patients. Postoperative index surgical site infection increased the risk of secondary ARF (odds ratio [OR], 4.0; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.1-15.0), pneumonia (OR, 2.7; 95% CI, 1.0-7.4), UTI (OR, 3.1; 95% CI, 1.3-7.5), cardiac arrest (OR, 4.4; 95% CI, 1.6-12.2), wound disruption (OR, 10.5; 95% CI, 6.7-16.6), unplanned intubation (OR, 5.1; 95% CI, 2.0-12.8), prolonged ventilation (OR, 5.9; 95% CI, 2.0-17.6), sepsis (OR, 16.2; 95% CI, 10.2-25.6), and mortality (OR, 3.5; 95% CI, 1.7-7.1). Postoperative indexUT I was associatedwith pneumonia (OR, 5.6; 95% CI, 2.7-11.6), sepsis (OR, 7.8; 95% CI, 5.1-11.8), and mortality (OR, 2.7; 95% CI, 1.3-5.3). Postoperative index MI was associated with secondary ARF (OR, 8.7; 95% CI, 3.8-20.1), pneumonia (OR, 4.9; 95% CI, 2.7-8.8), cardiac arrest (OR; 7.4; 95% CI; 4.0-13.5), deep venous thrombosis (OR, 3.9; 95% CI, 1.7-9.1), unplanned intubation (OR, 12.2; 95% CI, 7.3-20.3), prolonged intubation (OR, 12.2; 95% CI, 6.4-23.2), sepsis (OR, 2.2; 95% CI, 1.2-3.8), and mortality (OR, 5.6; 95% CI, 3.6-8.5). Postoperative index pneumonia was associated with secondary ARF (OR, 25.5; 95% CI, 3.0219.3), MI (OR, 7.6; 95% CI, 3.2-18.0), UTI (OR, 4.3; 95% CI, 2.0-9.0), cardiac arrest (OR, 5.2; 95% CI, 2.0-13.2), deep venous thrombosis (OR, 7.7; 95% CI, 2.1-27.4), unplanned intubation (OR, 14.7; 95% CI, 8.3-26.1), prolonged ventilation (OR, 26.0; 95% CI, 11.8-56.9), sepsis (OR, 7.2; 95% CI, 4.0-12.8), and mortality (OR, 6.0; 95% CI, 3.7-10.0). Last, postoperative index ARF was associated with increased risk of secondary pneumonia (OR, 7.16; 95% CI, 2.6-20.0), cardiac arrest (OR, 15.5; 95% CI, 1.6-150.9), unplanned intubation (OR, 6.2; 95% CI, 2.3-16.8), prolonged ventilation (OR, 8.8; 95% CI, 3.4-22.4), and mortality (OR, 8.8; 95% CI, 3.4-22.4). Conclusions: A postoperative index complication after LEB is significantly more likely to lead to serious secondary complications. Prevention and early identification of index complications and subsequent secondary complications could decrease morbidity and mortality.
Latest developments in peri-operative monitoring of the high-risk major surgery patient; Peri-operative monitoring technology has made great strides in the last 20 years with the introduction of minimally invasive devices to measure inter alia stroke volume, cardiac output, depth of anaesthesia and cerebral and tissue oxygen monitoring. Despite these technological advances, peri-operative management of the high risk major surgery patient has remained virtually unchanged. The vast majority of patients undergo a pre-operative assessment which is neither designed to quantify functional capacity nor predict outcome. Anaesthetists then usually monitor these patients using the same technology (e. g. pulse oximetry (SpO2), invasive systemic BP and CVP, end tidal carbon dioxide (etCO2) and anaesthetic agent monitoring) that was available in the early 1980s. Conventional intra-operative management can result in occult low levels of blood flow and oxygen delivery that lead to complications that only occur days or weeks following surgery and give false re-assurance to the anaesthetist that he or she is doing a "good job". Post-operative management then often takes place in an environment with reduced levels of both monitoring equipment and staff expertise. It is perhaps not surprising that outcome still remains poor in high-risk patients.(1) In this review, we will briefly describe the role of peri-operative optimization, some of the available monitors and indicate how their combined use might be beneficial in managing the high-risk surgical patient. We believe that although there is now evidence to suggest that the use of individual new monitors (such as assessment of fluid status, depth of anaesthesia, tissue oxygenation and blood flow) can influence outcome, it will only be their combination that will radically improve the peri-operative management and outcome of high-risk surgical patients. It is a matter of some urgency that large scale, prospective and collaborative studies be designed, funded and executed to prove or disprove this hypothesis. (C) 2009 Surgical Associates Ltd. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
DEMOGRAPHIC DIFFERENCES IN REFERRAL RATES TO NEUROLOGISTS OF PATIENTS WITH SUSPECTED PARKINSONS-DISEASE - IMPLICATIONS FOR CASE-CONTROL STUDY DESIGN; Although patients with Parkinson's disease (PD) are often treated by neurologists, most are first diagnosed by a primary care physician. Epidemiologic studies which use PD cases from only neurology clinics may be subject to referral bias due to differential case selection in the referral process. To study this methodological issue, a historical cohort study of all outpatients with PD diagnosed by a non-neurologist from January 1, 1988 to June 1, 1992 at the Henry Ford Health System was conducted. This health system has specialty and primary care outpatient clinics located at the main facility in Detroit, Mich. and throughout the metropolitan area. The analysis included those who had at least one outpatient visit during the follow-up period from January 1, 1988 to June 30, 1993 (n = 588), of whom 183 (31.1%) were referred to a neurologist. The univariate analysis resulted in crude risk ratios for referral of 2.14 [95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.56-2.93] for age less than 70, 2.11 (95% CI = 1.57-2.84) for male sex, 1.64 (95% CI = 1.17-2.32) for nonwhite race, 2.48 (95% CI = 1.77-3.47) for private health insurance, 1.79 (95% CI = 1.32-2.43) for being married, 1.44 (95% CI = 1.08-1.92) fur 10 or more health carl visits per year and 2.27 (95% CI = 1.66-3.11) for having the initial visit for PD at the main Detroit clinic. In a Cox proportional hazards model which included all study variables, race and marital status were no longer statistically significant (p < 0.05), and no risk estimates were greater than 2.0. In summary, patients referred to neurologists in this study were more Likely younger, male, to have private health insurance, frequent users of health care and to use hospital-based clinics for their primary health care. We suggest that future case-control studies of PD avoid potential referral bias by not using a study population comprised solely of patients referred to a neurology clinic or design studies which can estimate the potential effect of this bias.
Admission B-type natriuretic peptide levels are associated with in-hospital cardiac events in patients with intracranial hemorrhage; Intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) is often associated with cardiac events. Twelve-lead electrocardiography (ECG) and transthoracic echocardiography are essential diagnostic tools for preoperative risk assessment. B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) is a well-known predictor of cardiac outcome in various clinical settings. This study examined whether BNP levels on admission are associated with in-hospital cardiac events among ICH patients. This prospective study enrolled 77 ICH patients who were admitted to this hospital for emergency neurosurgery. On admission, BNP levels, 12-lead ECG and transthoracic echocardiography were carried out for all patients. These patients were divided into two groups: Group I included 19 patients (10 men and 9 women) having 24 in-hospital cardiac events (mean age of 57 +/- 15 years); Group II included 57 patients (29 men, mean age of 71 +/- 11 years) without cardiac events. Admission BNP levels of Group I patients were significantly higher than those of Group II patients (683.8 +/- 1,043.8 pg/ml vs 168.5 +/- 173.5 pg/ml, p = 0.001). In multivariate analysis, BNP levels and T-wave inversion are independent predictors of in-hospital cardiac events. A cutoff value of BNP levels (156.6 pg/ml) predicted in-hospital cardiac events in ICH patients with 80 % sensitivity and 66 % specificity. Serum BNP levels and electrocardiographic T-wave inversion on admission are independent predictors of in-hospital cardiac events in patients with ICH who undergo emergency neurosurgery.
Prospective, multicentre validation of a simple, patient-operated electrocardiographic system for the detection of arrhythmias and electrocardiographic changes; Electrocardiographic changes, e.g. arrhythmias causing syncope or palpitations, are often transient and therefore difficult to diagnose. Systematic and symptom-activated ECG recordings can increase diagnostic yield in such patients. We evaluated the diagnostic accuracy of a simple, leadless, patient-operated ECG device compared with a standard 12-lead ECG. We recorded a standard 12-lead surface ECG and a patient-activated ECG in direct succession in 508 consecutive patients enrolled in four centres. All ECGs were analysed by a single, blinded observer. ECGs were analysable in 505 (99.4%) patients (66% male, age 61 +/- 15 years, and body mass index 27 +/- 4). Analysis of the patient-activated ECG adequately detected a normal ECG (sensitivity 91% and specificity 95%), atrial fibrillation (AF) (sensitivity 99% and specificity 96%), and even T-wave abnormalities (sensitivity 90% and specificity 75%). Diagnostic accuracy for atrioventricular nodal block was moderate (sensitivity 79% and specificity 99%). Continuous parameters correlated well: (r(2) = 0.89 for heart rate, 0.83 for PR interval, 0.78 for QRS duration, and 0.89 for QTc). Recordings made by this patient-operated ECG device allow to detect arrhythmias and other ECG changes with high accuracy compared with a standard ECG. It may help to improve accurate diagnosis of transient ECG changes such as paroxysmal AF in palpitations or other unexplained cardiac symptoms.
Permanent Leadless Cardiac Pacing Results of the LEADLESS Trial; Background Conventional cardiac pacemakers are associated with several potential short- and long-term complications related to either the transvenous lead or subcutaneous pulse generator. We tested the safety and clinical performance of a novel, completely self-contained leadless cardiac pacemaker. Methods and Results The primary safety end point was freedom from complications at 90 days. Secondary performance end points included implant success rate, implant time, and measures of device performance (pacing/sensing thresholds and rate-responsive performance). The mean age of the patient cohort (n=33) was 778 years, and 67% of the patients were male (n=22/33). The most common indication for cardiac pacing was permanent atrial fibrillation with atrioventricular block (n=22, 67%). The implant success rate was 97% (n=32). Five patients (15%) required the use of >1 leadless cardiac pacemaker during the procedure. One patient developed right ventricular perforation and cardiac tamponade during the implant procedure, and eventually died as the result of a stroke. The overall complication-free rate was 94% (31/33). After 3 months of follow-up, the measures of pacing performance (sensing, impedance, and pacing threshold) either improved or were stable within the accepted range. Conclusions In a prospective nonrandomized study, a completely self-contained, single-chamber leadless cardiac pacemaker has shown to be safe and feasible. The absence of a transvenous lead and subcutaneous pulse generator could represent a paradigm shift in cardiac pacing. Clinical Trial Registration URL: http://clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT01700244.
Direct thrombin inhibitors versus vitamin K antagonists for preventing cerebral or systemic embolism in people with non-valvular atrial fibrillation; Background Chronic anticoagulation with vitamin K antagonists (VKAs) prevents ischaemic stroke and systemic embolism in people with non-valvular atrial fibrillation (AF) but dose adjustment, coagulation monitoring and bleeding limits its use. Direct thrombin inhibitors (DTIs) are under investigation as potential alternatives. Objectives To assess (1) the comparative efficacy of long-term anticoagulation using DTIs versus VKAs on vascular deaths and ischaemic events in people with non-valvular AF, and (2) the comparative safety of chronic anticoagulation using DTIs versus VKAs on (a) fatal and non-fatal major bleeding events including haemorrhagic strokes, (b) adverse events other than bleeding and ischaemic events that lead to treatment discontinuation and (c) all-cause mortality in people with non-valvular AF. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Stroke Group Trials Register (July 2013), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), (The Cochrane Library, May 2013), MEDLINE (1950 to July 2013), EMBASE (1980 to October 2013), LILACS (1982 to October 2013) and trials registers (September 2013). We also searched the websites of clinical trials and pharmaceutical companies and hand-searched the reference lists of articles and conference proceedings. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing DTIs versus VKAs for prevention of stroke and systemic embolism in people with non-valvular AF. Data collection and analysis All three review authors independently performed data extraction and assessment of risk of bias. Primary analyses compared all DTIs combined versus warfarin. We performed post hoc analyses excluding ximelagatran because this drug was withdrawn from the market owing to safety concerns. Main results We included eight studies involving a total of 27,557 participants with non-valvular AF and one or more risk factors for stroke; 26,601 of them were assigned to standard doses groups and included in the primary analysis. The DTIs: dabigatran 110 mg twice daily and 150 mg twice daily (three studies, 12,355 participants), AZD0837 300 mg once per day (two studies, 233 participants) and ximelagatran 36 mg twice per day (three studies, 3726 participants) were compared with the VKA warfarin (10,287 participants). Overall risk of bias and statistical heterogeneity of the studies included were low. The odds of vascular death and ischaemic events were not significantly different between all DTIs and warfarin (odds ratio (OR) 0.94, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.85 to 1.05). Sensitivity analysis by dose of dabigatran on reduction in ischaemic events and vascular mortality indicated that dabigatran 150 mg twice daily was superior to warfarin although the effect estimate was of borderline statistical significance (OR 0.86, 95% CI 0.75 to 0.99). Sensitivity analyses by other factors did not alter the results. Fatal and non-fatal major bleeding events, including haemorrhagic strokes, were less frequent with the DTIs (OR 0.87, 95% CI 0.78 to 0.97). Adverse events that led to discontinuation of treatment were significantly more frequent with the DTIs (OR 2.18, 95% CI 1.82 to 2.61). All-cause mortality was similar between DTIs and warfarin (OR 0.91, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.01). Authors' conclusions DTIs were as efficacious as VKAs for the composite outcome of vascular death and ischaemic events and only the dose of dabigatran 150 mg twice daily was found to be superior to warfarin. DTIs were associated with fewer major haemorrhagic events, including haemorrhagic strokes. Adverse events that led to discontinuation of treatment occurred more frequently with the DTIs. We detected no difference in death from all causes.
Levels of inflammatory markers and the development of the post-thrombotic syndrome; The post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS) occurs frequently after deep venous thrombosis (DVT) despite appropriate anticoagulant therapy. A close relationship between inflammation and thrombosis exists. While the inflammatory process at the time of DVT appears to improve thrombus resolution, it may promote destruction of venous valves, valvular reflux and subsequent development of PTS. We prospectively evaluated the association between levels of four cytokines (IL-6, IL-8, IL- 10 and MCP- I), two adhesion molecules (ICAM-I and VCAM-I) and the development of PTS in a well-defined cohort of patients with DVT. The study population consisted of 387 patients with objectively diagnosed symptomatic DVT who were followed for two years to determine the incidence of PTS. At the end of follow-up, plasma samples frozen at the four-month visit in 307 study patients were thawed and analyzed for the above inflammatory markers using the Luminex beads technology. Mean levels of IL-6 were significantly higher in patients with PTS compared to patients without PTS (7.35 pg/ml +/- 14.26 [SD] vs. 4.60 pg/ml +/- 4.90;p=0.03). Logistic regression analyses showed significant associations between PTS and levels above vs. below the median of IL-6 [odds ratio (OR) 1.66; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.05, 2.62 (p=0.03)] and ICAM- I [OR 1.63; 95% CI 1.03, 2.58 (p=0.04)]. None of the other markers showed any association with PTS. Our study suggests the presence of significant associations between markers of inflammation such as IL-6 and ICAM- I and the development of PTS. Further work is needed to evaluate this relationship and to analyse other candidate markers that could be implicated etiologically in the association between DVT and PTS. If confirmed, this could lead to identification of new therapeutic targets for preventing PTS after DVT.
Fiix-prothrombin time versus standard prothrombin time for monitoring of warfarin anticoagulation: a single centre, double-blind, randomised, non-inferiority trial; Background Rapid fluctuations in factor VII during warfarin anticoagulation change the international normalised ratio (INR) but contribute little to the antithrombotic effect. We aimed to assess non-inferiority of anticoagulation stabilisation with a warfarin monitoring method affected only by factors II and X (Fiix-prothrombin time [Fiix-PT]) compared with standard PT-INR monitoring that includes factor VII measurement as well. Methods The Fiix trial was a single centre, double-blind, prospective, non-inferiority, randomised controlled clinical trial. Ambulatory adults on warfarin with an INR target of 2-3 managed by an anticoagulation dosing service using software-assisted dosing at the National University Hospital of Iceland, Reykjavik, Iceland, were eligible for inclusion in this study. We excluded patients undergoing electroconversion and nursing home residents. Patients were randomly assigned (1: 1) to either the Fiix-PT monitoring group or the PT monitoring group by block randomisation. A blinded research INR (R-INR) based on results of the respective test was reported to the dosing staff. Participants were contacted by a study nurse at 4-week intervals to elicit information about thromboembolism or bleeding otherwise unknown to the anticoagulation management centre. The primary efficacy outcome was a composite of objectively diagnosed non-fatal and fatal arterial or venous thromboembolism, including myocardial infarction and transient ischaemic attacks, assessed in all eligible patients who were randomised (intention-to-monitor population). The safety endpoint was major bleeding or other clinically relevant bleeding, assessed in the per-protocol population. We assumed a 3% annual thromboembolism incidence and a non-inferiority margin of 2.5%. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01565239. Findings Between March 1, 2012, and Feb 28, 2014, we enrolled 1156 patients. 573 patients were assigned to Fiix-PT and 575 to PT-INR monitoring after exclusion of four patients from each group for various reasons. Median follow-up was 1.7 years (IQR 1.1-1.9). During days 1-720, ten (1.2% per patient year) thromboembolic events occurred in the Fiix-PT group versus 19 (2.3% per patient year) in the PT group (relative risk [RR] 0.52, 95% CI 0.25-1.13; p(non-inferiority) < 0.0001). Major bleeding occurred in 17 of 571 patients in the Fiix group (2.2% per patient year) versus 20 of 573 patients in the PT group (2.5% per patient year; RR 0.85, 0.45-1.61; p(non-inferiority) = 0.0034). Anticoagulation stability was improved with Fiix-PT monitoring as manifested by fewer tests, fewer dose adjustments, increased time in range and less INR variability than reported with standard PT monitoring. Interpretation Monitoring of warfarin with Fiix-PT improved anticoagulation and dosing stability and was clinically non-inferior to PT monitoring. Results from this trial suggest that during vitamin K antagonist treatment INR monitoring could be replaced by Fiix-PT and that this would lead to at least a non-inferior clinical outcome compared with monitoring with PT-INR.
Relationship between Advanced Glycation End Products and Plaque Progression in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome: The JAPAN-ACS Sub-study; Background: The Japan Assessment of Pitavastatin and Atorvastatin in Acute Coronary Syndrome (JAPAN-ACS) trial demonstrated that early aggressive statin therapy in patients with ACS significantly reduces plaque volume (PV). Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) and the receptors of AGEs (RAGE) may lead to angiopathy in diabetes mellitus (DM) and may affect on the development of coronary PV. The present sub-study of JAPAN-ACS investigates the association between AGEs and RAGE, and PV. Methods: Intravascular ultrasound (IVUS)-guided percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) was undertaken, followed by the initiation of statin treatment (either 4 mg/day of pitavastatin or 20 mg/day of atorvastatin), in patients with ACS. In the 208 JAPAN-ACS subjects, PV using IVUS in non-culprit segment >5 mm proximal or distal to the culprit lesion and, serum levels of AGEs and soluble RAGE (sRAGE) were measured at baseline and 8-12 months after PCI. Results: At baseline, no differences in the levels of either AGEs or sRAGE were found between patients with DM and those without DM. The levels of AGEs decreased significantly with statin therapy from 8.6 +/- 2.2 to 8.0 +/- 2.1 U/ml (p < 0.001), whereas the levels of sRAGE did not change. There were no significant correlations between changes in PV and the changes in levels of AGEs as well as sRAGE. However, high baseline AGEs levels were significantly associated with plaque progression (odds ratio, 1.21; 95% confidence interval, 1.01 - 1.48; p = 0.044) even after adjusting for DM in multivariate logistic regression models. Conclusions: High baseline AGEs levels were associated with plaque progression in the JAPAN-ACS trial. This relationship was independent of DM. These findings suggest AGEs may be related to long-term glucose control and other oxidative stresses in ACS.
Effects of botulinum toxin A on functional outcome during distraction osteogenesis; Distraction osteogenesis is useful for correcting limb length inequality, deformities, or short stature. Despite success with bone formation, soft tissue maladaptations including muscle and joint contracture may lead to undesirable results. Botulinum toxin A has been useful in treating spasticity in cerebral palsy, and has been used clinically in select cases to allay contracture in distraction osteogenesis. This study examines the toxin's efficacy in preventing distraction-induced loss of muscle strength and range of motion. The left tibias of 15 New Zealand White rabbits were distracted 1.5 mm/day until approximately a 20% gain was achieved. Each treatment group was divided into animals injected with saline or botulinum toxin in either the gastrocnemius or tibialis anterior muscles. A control group of two additional animals underwent no surgical procedure. Strength and range of motion were assessed prior to, and following, the experiment. At the study's end, animals were euthanized and muscles were harvested, when lengths and weights were recorded. All muscles injected with botulinum toxin showed decreased wet weight and persistent weakness upon completion of the study. Range of motion decreased in all distracted animals. When the gastrocnernius was injected, its strength was reduced but the tibialis anterior strength was preserved, and the limb achieved 22% greater dorsiflexion than saline controls (p = 0.016). When the tibialis anterior received the toxin, plantarflexion was increased by 23% (p = 0.049). Botulinum toxin injection prior to limb distraction increases the "post-lengthened" excursion of the injected muscle and this increased length may have a protective effect on its antagonist. In toxin-injected gastrocnemius muscles, the level ofequinus contracture is reduced due to length gains in the Achilles tendon while the anterior tibialis maintains its ability to generate torque. Injection of botulinum toxin in the gastrocnernius may minimize equinus contracture and protect the anterior tibialis from damage during human tibial lengthening. Longer follow-up studies are needed to ensure that toxin induced muscle weakness resolves with time. (c) 2007 Orthopaedic Research Society.
Serum uric acid level and its association with cardiometabolic risk factors in prediabetic subjects; Background: Excess serum uric acid (UA) accumulation can lead to various diseases. Increasing evidences reveal that UA may have a key role in the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome. Little is known about the associations of UA levels with cardiometabolic risk factors in prediabetic individuals. This study was designed to evaluate the association between UA and cardiometabolic risk factors in prediabetic subjects with family history of diabetes compared with those with normal glucose tolerance (NGT). Materials and Methods: In a cross-sectional setting, a sample containing 643 (302 prediabetic subjects and 341 normal) of the first-degree relatives of diabetic patients aged 35-55-years old were investigated. Samples were assessed in prediabetic and normal groups using glucose tolerance categories. Prediabetes was defined based on American Diabetes Association (ADA) criteria. Body weight and height, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP and DBP), UA, creatinine (Cr), albumin (Alb), fasting blood glucose (FBG), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and lipid profiles were measured and compared between two groups. Results: Prediabetic persons were older and obese than normal persons. Also, prediabetic persons (5.2 +/- 1.3 mg/dl) had significantly higher UA than normal persons (4.9 +/- 1.4 mg/dl) (P < 0.05). FBG after 0, 30, 60, and 120 min in prediabetic were higher than normal persons (P < 0.001). With respect to metabolic parameters, the patients in the higher UA quartiles exhibited higher levels of body mass index (BMI), SBP, FBG and triglycerides (TG). The higher quartiles of UA tended to be associated with higher BMI and higher total cholesterol (TC) in females prediabetic persons. Based on logistic regression analysis in different models, UA was positively (odds ratio (OR) > 1, P < 0.05) associated with glucose tolerance categories. This association remained statistically significant after adjusting the effects of age and BMI. Also, the association between glucose tolerance categories and UA were positively significant in both genders. Conclusion: High UA level was associated with some cardiometabolic risk factors in prediabetic individuals compared with normal person. UA level was also a significant predictor for prediabetes condition.
Interpretation of prospective trials in hypertension: Do treatment guidelines accurately reflect current evidence?; Objective To review the findings of prospective controlled trials of antihypertensive treatment and determine whether the evidence they have provided is embodied satisfactorily in current national and international guidelines for hypertension management Management guidelines Conventional guidelines all advise prompt treatment of moderate-to-severe hypertension and treatment of even mild hypertension in subjects with cardiovascular disease, target organ damage or diabetes, and in the elderly; and treatment of isolated systolic hypertension in the elderly. All acknowledge that evidence for efficacy and safety of treatment is strongest for thiazide diuretics and beta-blockers. Uncomplicated mild hypertension Conventional guidelines all emphasize the importance of long-term blood pressure, measured over some months, for treatment decisions. However the blood pressure for routine treatment varies from 160/100 mmHg (British Hypertension Society) to 140/90 mmHg (Joint National Committee V). This dictates very large differences in the number of patients to be treated to prevent a cardiovascular disease event and in the proportion of the population to be treated, yet the reasons for these differences are not explicit None of the conventional guidelines is entirely satisfactory. The more conservative British Hypertension Society policy may leave untreated some middle-aged men who ought to be treated. The more aggressive Joint National Committee V policy will lead to treatment of some young subjects who have only a remote chance of benefit, at very high cost, and possibly with adverse harm-benefit consequences. Risk-based guidelines Guidelines developed in New Zealand target absolute cardiovascular disease risk in mild hypertension and have the potential to correct this shortcoming of conventional guidelines. However they require further consideration as regards the number needed to treat which is acceptable to well-informed patients, the appropriate estimate of relative cardiovascular disease risk reduction by treatment in mild hypertension, the pattern of treatment which will emerge and their acceptability in ordinary practice. Conclusion Comparative evaluation will be needed to determine whether the outcome is better with conventional guidelines, which are simple but at the expense of accuracy, or with risk-targeted guidelines, which are more accurate but at the expense of simplicity.
Saturated fats, dairy foods and health: A curious paradox?; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) remain a major cause of death and morbidity worldwide. Dietary guidelines aim to restrict the intake of saturated fatty acids (SFA) as they are regarded as an important risk factor for CVD due to their association with increased blood cholesterol. As dairy foods are major contributors of dietary SFA, there have been guidelines to reduce consumption of these foods. However, it is now generally accepted that the effects of reducing intake of SFA are dependent on what replaces them in the diet. Reduced CVD risk has been associated with replacement of SFA with cis-polyunsaturated fatty acids (cis-PUFA) and/or cis-monounsaturated fatty acids (cis-MUFA), with replacement by carbohydrate leading to no reduction or even increased CVD risk. Most studies on the effect of diet/food on CVD risk have used total cholesterol (TC) and/or low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in blood as the marker(s) of risk. However, because of potentially attenuating effects of dairy foods (e.g. effect of protein on blood lipids and blood pressure; food matrix effects on fat bioavailability), a wider range of markers is needed to more fully evaluate disease risk. Nevertheless, whilst prospective evidence shows no increase in CVD risk from high dairy consumption, it is still unclear whether replacing a proportion of SFA in dairy fat with cis-MUFA will lead to reduced CVD risk. The relatively few randomised controlled trials that have examined this using TC/LDL-C as risk markers give some indications of reduced CVD risk from consumption of milk and dairy products with modified fatty acid composition, compared with those of normal milk fat composition. The results of ongoing studies will add valuable new evidence on this issue.
Association of hepcidin-25 with survival after kidney transplantation; Background Hepcidin is considered the master regulator of iron homoeostasis. Novel hepcidin antagonists have recently been introduced as potential treatment for iron-restricted anaemia. Meanwhile, serum hepcidin has been shown to be positively associated with cardiovascular disease and inversely with acute kidney injury. These properties may lead to contrasting effects, especially in renal transplant recipients (RTR), which are prone to cardiovascular diseases and graft failure. To date, the role of serum hepcidin in RTR is unknown. We, therefore, prospectively determined the association of serum hepcidin with risk of graft failure, cardiovascular mortality and all-cause mortality in RTR. Materials and methods Serum hepcidin was assessed in an extensively phenotyped RTR cohort by dual-monoclonal sandwich ELISA specific immunoassay. Statistical analyses were performed using univariate linear regression followed by stepwise backward linear regression. Cox proportional hazard regression models were performed to determine prospective associations. Results We included 561 RTR (age 51 +/- 12 years). Mean haemoglobin (Hb) was 8.6 +/- 1.0 mM. Median [IQR] serum hepcidin was 7.2 [3.2-13.4] ng/mL. Mean estimated glomerular filtration rate was 47 +/- 16 mL/min/ 1.73 m(2). In univariate Cox regression analyses, serum hepcidin was not associated with risk of graft failure, cardiovascular mortality or all-cause mortality. Notably, after adjustment for high sensitivity C-reactive protein and ferritin, serum hepcidin became negatively associated with all-cause mortality (hazard ratio 0.89; 95% confidence interval 0.80-0.99, P = 0.3). Conclusions In this study, we did not find an association between serum hepcidin and outcomes, that is graft failure, cardiovascular mortality or all-cause mortality. Based on our results, it is questionable whether serum hepcidin may be used to predict a beneficial effect of hepcidin antagonists.
Using registries to recruit subjects for clinical trials; Aim: We studied the use of patient/disease registries to recruit potential subjects for prospective clinical trials describing the number, types and major benefits of using this approach. Methods: In December 2013, we conducted a focused database search in PubMed, EMBASE, and Web of Science for studies (English language only) that used registries to recruit subjects for clinical trials published in 2004-2013. Of the 233 unique citations identified, 21 used registries to recruit subjects 10 papers and 11 abstracts. Pearling and search for subsequent full papers of the abstracts identified 4 more papers. Results: Our analysis, based on these 25 citations, showed that 14 are related to cancer, 3 to diabetes mellitus, 1 each to stroke, asthma, and celiac disease and 5 are disease neutral. Many types of registries (population-based cancer, quality improvement, disease-specific, web-based disease-neutral registries, local general practice registers, and national health database) are used to recruit subjects for clinical trials and uncover new knowledge. Overall, 16 registries are in the US, 4 in UK, 1 each in Canada, Spain, and Australia and I involved in many countries. Registries can identify very large number of subjects for screening for eligibility for clinical trials, especially in very large trials, rare disease trials, and trials involving minority patients. Conclusions: Registries can retrospectively identify very large numbers of potential subjects for screening for eligibility and enrollment in prospective clinical trials. This matching can lead to more timely recruitment and help solve a major problem in conducting clinical trials. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Homocysteine determinants and the evidence to what extent homocysteine determines the risk of coronary heart disease; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD), especially coronary heart disease (CHD), are the most important causes of death in industrialized countries. Increased concentrations of total plasma homocysteine (tHcy) have been associated with an increased risk of CHD. Assuming that this relation is causal, a lower tHcy concentration will reduce the occurrence and recurrence of CHD. Therefore, it is important to know which factors determine the tHcy concentration. In the general population, the most important modifiable determinants of tHcy are folate intake and coffee consumption. Smoking and alcohol consumption are also associated with the tHcy concentration, but more research is necessary to elucidate whether these relations are not originating from residual confounding due to other lifestyle factors. The most important nonmodifiable determinant is the 677 C> T polymorphism in the gene that encodes methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR), a regulating enzyme in homocysteine metabolism. Especially subjects with the homozygous form of this polymorphism (i.e., 677TT genotype) and a low folate status have elevated tHcy concentrations. Specific clinical conditions like the use of antiepileptic drugs or methotrexate, renal failure, cancer, rheumatoid arthritis, and hypothyroidism may lead to elevated tHcy concentrations. The available epidemiological evidence indicates that an increased tHcy concentration is not an important risk factor for CHD in healthy subjects. However, prospective studies, which included subjects at high risk of CHD, and secondary prevention trials with intermediary endpoints consistently show that elevations in the tHcy concentration may be an important risk factor in these subjects for a (recurrent) CHD event. The induction of vascular endothelial dysfunction by homocysteine may underlie this increased risk. Ongoing intervention trials will indicate whether homocysteine-lowering through vitamin supplementation, prevents CHD in the treatment groups.
Overqualification and Risk of All-cause and Cardiovascular Mortality: Evidence From the Canadian Census Mortality Follow-up Study (1991-2001); Objectives: To evaluate whether education, occupation and overqualification (defined as having a level of educational attainment higher than the skill level required for an occupation) are associated with risk of all-cause and cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality. Method: A prospective study of the association between overqualification and all-cause and CVD mortality was undertaken in the Canadian Census Mortality Follow-up study (1991-2001), a 15% sample of Canadian adults who completed the 1991 census long-form questionnaire (n=1,091,800, 39% women, baseline age 35-64 years). Education, occupation and all confounders (age, income adequacy, marital status, years since immigration, ethnicity, Aboriginal origins, province of residence, and community size) were measured at study baseline, with subsequent follow-up for mortality. Results: Sex-specific age-adjusted Cox proportional hazards models showed an inverse association between education and all-cause mortality (women: hazard ratio (HR)=1.55, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.45-1.66; men: HR=1.94, 95% CI: 1.87-2.01, for <high school vs. university degree). In addition, age-adjusted occupation was inversely associated with all-cause mortality (women: HR=1.42, 95% CI: 1.32-1.53; men: HR=1.86, 95% CI: 1.78-1.95, for unskilled vs. professional occupation). Similar social gradients were observed for CVD mortality. Overqualification was not associated with risk of all-cause or CVD mortality, demonstrated by non-statistically significant interaction terms between education and occupation. Conclusions: Increasingly, Canadians are pursuing high levels of education; however, the occupational distribution in the labour market has not changed to the same extent. Results from this study suggest that the resulting increase in workers who are overqualified for their occupation will not lead to increased all-cause or CVD mortality.
Hypertension management initiative prospective cohort study: comparison between immediate and delayed intervention groups; The Heart and Stroke Foundation of Ontario's Hypertension Management Initiative (HMI) was a pragmatic implementation of clinical practice guidelines for hypertension management in primary care clinics. The HMI was a prospective delayed phase cohort study of 11 sites enrolling patients in two blocks starting 9 months apart in 2007. The intervention was an evidence-informed chronic disease management program consisting of an interprofessional educational intervention with practice tools to implement the Canadian Hypertension Education Program's clinical practice guidelines. This study compares the change in blood pressure (BP) from baseline to 9 months after the intervention between groups. In the immediate intervention group, the mean BP at baseline was 134.6/79.1 mm Hg (18.2/11.5) and in the delayed intervention group 134.2/77.1 mm Hg (18.9/11.8). The fall in BP in the immediate intervention group from baseline to 9 months after the intervention was 7.3/3.6 mm Hg (95% confidence interval (CI): 5.9-8.7/2.6-4.5) and in the delayed group 8.1/3.3 mm Hg (95% CI: 7.0-9.3/2.5-4.1) (all P<0.0001 were compared from baseline to the end of 9 months of the program in both groups). This study is the first to demonstrate that implementation of an interprofessional knowledge integration initiative for the control of hypertension can rapidly lead to lower BP levels.
Parkinsonian signs are a risk factor for falls; Background: Parkinsonian signs are common, non-specific findings in older adults and associated with increased rates of dementia and mortality. It is important to understand which motor outcomes are associated with parkinsonian signs. Objectives: To determine the role of parkinsonian signs on fall rates among older adults. Methods: We conducted a longitudinal study of primary care patients from the University of Pennsylvania Health System. Adults over 55 years were assessed at baseline through surveys and a neurological examination. We recorded falls over the following 2 years. Parkinsonian signs were defined as the presence of 2 of 4 cardinal signs. Incident falls were compared between subjects with and without parkinsonian signs, and modified Poisson regression used to adjust for potential confounders in the relationship between parkinsonian signs and falls. Results: 982 subjects with a mean age of 68 (s.d. 8.8) years participated. 29% of participants fell and 12% exhibited parkinsonian signs at baseline. The unadjusted RR for falls among individuals with parkinsonian signs was 1.36 (95% CI 1.05-1.76, p = 0.02). After adjusting for age, cognitive function, urinary incontinence, depression, diabetes, stroke and arthritis, individuals with parkinsonian signs were still 38% more likely to fall than those without parkinsonian signs (RR 1.38, 95% CI 1.04-1.82; p = (lop). Falls among those with parkinsonian signs were more likely to lead to injury (53% vs 37%; p = 0.04). Conclusions: Parkinsonian signs are a significant, independent risk factor for falls. Early detection of this clinical state is important in order to implement fall prevention programs among primary care patients.
Is "isolated home" hypertension as opposed to "isolated office" hypertension a sign of greater cardiovascular risk?; Background: The SHEAF (Self-Measurement of Blood Pressure at Home in the Elderly: Assessment and Followup) study is an observational study (from February 1998 to early 2002) designed to determine whether home blood pressure (BP) measurement has a greater cardiovascular prognostic value than office BP measurement among elderly (greater than or equal to 60 years) French patients with hypertension. The objective of this present work is to describe the baseline characteristics of the treated patients in the SHEAF study from February 1998 to March 1999, placing special emphasis on "isolated office" and "isolated home" hypertension. Methods: Baseline office BP measurement was assessed using a mercury sphygmomanometer. Home BP measurement was performed over a 4-day period. A 140/90-mm Hg threshold was chosen to define office hypertension, and a 135/85-mm Hg threshold to define home hypertension. Results: Of the 5211 hypertensive patients in the SHEAF study with a valid home BP measurement, 4939 received treatment with at least 1 antihypertensive drug. Patients with isolated office hypertension represented 12.5% of this population, while patients with isolated home hypertension represented 10.8%. The characteristics of the patients with isolated office hypertension were similar to those of patients with controlled hypertension. However, patients with isolated office hypertension had fewer previous cardiovascular complications. In contrast, rates of cardiovascular risk factors and history of cardiovascular disease in patients with isolated home hypertension resembled those in patients with uncontrolled hypertension. Conclusions: This retrospective analysis suggests that patients with isolated home hypertension belong to a highrisk subgroup. The 3-year follow-up of these patients will provide prospective data about the cardiovascular prognosis of these subgroups.
EFFECT OF LOW-DOSE PROBUCOL THERAPY ON LDL OXIDATION AND THE PLASMA-LIPOPROTEIN PROFILE IN MALE-VOLUNTEERS; The effect of 4 months of low-dose probucol treatment (250 mg/day) on LDL oxidation and on plasma-HDL cholesterol was studied in a prospective, double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trial involving 26 male volunteers. LDL samples isolated at baseline and at 4 months were subjected to in vitro tests of LDL oxidation, involving copper-catalyzed, time-course experiments. For the placebo group, LDL oxidation did not significantly change over the 4-month period. However, in the probucol group, LDL oxidation was significantly inhibited at 4 months, as evidenced by assays measuring conjugated diene formation, lipid peroxide production and altered electrophoretic mobility of oxidized LDL. In fact, in the probucol group the 'lag-phase' of oxidation was prolonged 2.7-fold. Neither probucol nor placebo had a significant effect on plasma HDL-cholesterol: in the probucol group HDL-cholesterol fell from 37.7 +/- 7.4 mg/dl to 34.2 +/- 8.3 mg/dl (percentage decrease -8.9), while in the placebo group plasma HDL-cholesterol levels were 42.4 +/- 8.3 mg/dl and 40.9 +/- 7.0 mg/dl at baseline and 4 months (percentage decrease -2.7). Therefore, a low dose of probucol (250 mg/day) given daily seems to afford protection against the oxidative modification of LDL, and does not appear to exert any substantial effect on the plasma lipoprotein profile.
Mechanistic Insights into Mode of Action of a Potent Natural Antagonist of Orexin Receptor-1 by Means of High Throughput Screening and Molecular Dynamics Simulations; Insomnia is one of the most common clinical problems being faced by people all over the world. It adversely affects the routine life of these patients giving rise to even other health issues like hypertension, diabetes, obesity, depression, heart attack, and stroke. Orexin receptor-1 (OX1R), a noteworthy drug target, when inhibited can promote sleepiness in people suffering from such conditions. OX1R is a G-protein coupled receptor which is conserved throughout the mammalian species and is located primarily in hypothalamus and locus coeruleus. The present study aims at identifying potent natural-origin inhibitors of OX1R capable of affecting the arousal and sleep pattern. In the present work, we have screened a large dataset of natural compounds against OX1R using high throughput screening and high precision docking approaches. Molecular dynamics simulations were carried out to study the dynamical behavior of the top scoring compound. We also provided mechanistic insights into the binding mode of action of this compound. The study provides evidence for consideration of this natural molecule as prospective lead in treatment of insomnia.
BEAUMONT LIFE-STYLE INVENTORY OF SOCIAL SUPPORT - CAN IT PREDICT DISPOSITION PRIOR TO AN INPATIENT REHABILITATION ADMISSION; Predicting which rehabilitation patients will ultimately be discharged to a nursing home is a difficult task because methods used to evaluate preexisting home environment and quantify social support have been inadequate. To address this problem, the Beaumont Lifestyle Inventory of Social Support (BLISS) was developed. This questionnaire examines the family's willingness to care for, supervise and provide financial assistance to the patient. Organized into 10 weighted questions, BLISS results in a maximum score of 12. A prospective study was conducted to determine the correlation of the BLISS score with discharge disposition. Prior to rehabilitation admission, continuing care coordinators administered the BLISS to an involved family member of each patient. After 6 months, all BLISS forms were scored and compared with discharge disposition. Seventy-nine patients were included in this study and six (7.6%) were discharged to nursing homes. Comparison of BLISS scores obtained in patients discharged home versus nursing home revealed averages of 9.3 and 4.0, respectively (P < 0.0006). These findings indicate that BLISS can quantify a patient's social situation and provide a predetermination of the social factors that lead to nursing home discharge. Consequently, BLISS will be a useful screening tool during the rehabilitation selection process.
Falls in frequent neurological diseases - Prevalence, risk factors and aetiology; The prevalence of falls among neurological patients is unknown, although disturbances of gait and posture are common. Falls may lead to burdens for the patient, the caregivers and the health system. We designed a prospective study and investigated all patients for a history of falls admitted to a neurological hospital during a 100-day period. Clinical investigation was carried out and several disease specific rating scales were applied. A total of 548 patients were investigated. Of all patients 34% had fallen once or more often during the last twelve months. A disturbance of gait was blamed for the fall in 55%, epileptic seizures in 12%, syncope in 10% and stroke in 7%. Intrinsic risk factors for falls were high age, disturbed gait, poor balance and a fear of falling. As extrinsic factors we identified the treatment with antidepressants, neuroleptics and different cardiovascular medications, adverse environmental factors in the patients' home and the use of walking aids. Within the diagnoses, falls were most frequent in Parkinson's disease (62%), syncope (57%) and polyneuropathy (48%). According to these findings falls in neurological in-patients are twice as frequent as in an age-matched population living in the community. Falls in neurological patients are particularly linked to medication and disorders affecting gait and balance.
An Alternative Approach for the Rising Challenge of Hypertensive Illness via Helicobacter pylori Eradication; Background: The aim of the study was to demonstrate the effect of natural Helicobacter pylori eradication on blood pressure values. The prevalence of hypertension in developing countries has been considered by some reports a consequence of progress and life style changes. In spite of that, traditional risk factors do not appear fully sufficient to explain the rising figures of hypertensive illness which further indicates that attempts to control the problem depending upon traditional measures can never be adequate or decisive. H. pylori could migrate or get forced to migrate to the colon; it will continue producing ammonia for a reason or no reason leading to accumulation of profuse toxic amounts of ammonia, unopposed or buffered by any acidity, which could lead to multiple colonic and a high rectal spasm. A colonic re-absorptive error is established with excessive fluid and salt retention in the body that would definitely lead to hypertension which is supposed to remain inadequately controlled without correction of the underlying etiologic pathological error. It is a prospective study, conducted at Balghsoon Polyclinic, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Methods: Ninety-nine middle-aged male patients with essential hypertension under medications and positive for H. pylori dyspepsia were included in the study. They were given natural therapy for H. pylori eradication. Results: Ninety patients were able to resume normal blood pressure (BP) values and quit their medications. Conclusion: The concept of the colonic re-absorptive error considered in this study is not just hypothetical as upon its basis, most patients of the study (90.9%) were able to quit medications and maintain normal BP values.
Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Cardiovascular Disease: A Perspective and Future Directions; Data from animal and human studies provide a biological plausibility to the notion that obstructive sleep apnea activates pathways that lead to insulin resistance, atherosclerosis and hypertension. Sleep apnea thus activates the same pathways as does obesity. That obstructive sleep apnea is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease is supported by epidemiological association studies. Longitudinal cohort studies also provide evidence that patients with untreated severe sleep apnea have an increased rate of cardiovascular events. But these studies, while highly suggestive, do not provide the evidence needed to convince the skeptic. This would only be obtained by randomized treatment trials with hard cardiovascular endpoints such as cardiac events and deaths. While such studies are in the planning stages, they will be challenging. There are issues about randomizing individuals with severe sleep apnea and excessive sleepiness into no therapy, since they are at known increased risk for car crashes. Thus, lack of therapy puts others on the road at risk as well as the subject with sleep apnea. There is, moreover, the concern that treating obstructive sleep apnea in very obese individuals will have little impact, since any effect of therapy for OSA will be overwhelmed by the effects of obesity itself. Data from randomized treatment trials for cardiovascular endpoints will likely not be available for many years. In the interim, physicians need to consider how to treat such patients. It is proposed that given that CPAP treatment for obstructive sleep apnea is highly effective and essentially totally safe, and that the evidence is suggestive that sleep apnea is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease, then we propose all patients with severe sleep apnea should be treated to reduce cardiovascular risk. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Recommendations from the EGAPP Working Group: Genomic profiling to assess cardiovascular risk to improve cardiovascular health; The Summary of Recommendations: The Evaluation of Genomic Applications in Practice and Prevention Working Group (EWG) found insufficient evidence to recommend testing for the 9p21 genetic variant or 57 other variants in 28 genes (listed in Table 1) to assess risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the general population, specifically heart disease and stroke. The EWG found that the magnitude of net health benefit from use of any of these tests alone or in combination is negligible. The EWG discourages clinical use unless further evidence supports improved clinical outcomes. Based on the available evidence, the overall certainty of net health benefit is deemed "Low." Rationale: It has been suggested that an improvement in CVD risk classification (adjusting intermediate risk of CVD into high-or low-risk categories) might lead to management changes (e. g., earlier initiation or higher rates of medical interventions, or targeted recommendations for behavioral change) that improve CVD outcomes. In the absence of direct evidence to support this possibility, this review sought indirect evidence aimed at documenting the extent to which genomic profiling alters CVD risk estimation, alone and in combination with traditional risk factors, and the extent to which risk reclassification improves health outcomes. Analytic validity: Assay-related evidence on available genomic profiling tests was deemed inadequate. However, based on existing technologies that have been or may be used and on data from two of the companies performing such testing, the analytic sensitivity and specificity of tests for individual gene variants might be at least satisfactory. Clinical validity: Twenty-nine gene candidates were evaluated, with 58 different gene variant/disease associations. Evidence on clinical validity was rated inadequate for 34 of these associations (59%) and adequate for 23 (40%). Inadequate grades were based on limited evidence, poor replication, existence of possible biases, or combinations of these factors. For heart disease (25 combined associations) and stroke (13 combined associations), profiling provided areas under the receiver operator characteristics curve of 66% and 57%, respectively. Only the association of 9p21 variants with heart disease had convincing evidence of a per-allele odds ratio of between 1.2 and 1.3; this was the highest effect size for any variant/disease combination with at least adequate evidence. Although the 9p21 association seems to be independent of traditional risk factors, there is adequate evidence that the improvement in risk prediction is, at best, small. Clinical utility: Clinical utility was not formally evaluated in any of the studies reported to date, including for 9p21. As a result, no evidence was available on the balance of benefits and harms. Also, there was no direct evidence available to assess the health benefits and harms of adding these markers to traditional risk factors (e. g., Framingham Risk Score). However, the estimated additional benefit from adding genomic markers to traditional risk factors was found to be negligible. Contextual Issues: Prevention of CVD is a public health priority. Improvements in outcomes associated with genomic profiling could have important impacts. Traditional risk factors such as those used in the Framingham Risk Scores have an advantage in clinical screening and risk assessment strategies because they measure the actual targets for therapy (e. g., lipid levels and blood pressure). To add value, genomic testing should lead to better outcomes than those achievable by assesment and treatment of traditional risk factors alone. Some issues important for clinical utility remain unknown, such as the biological mechanism underlying the most convincing marker's (9p21) association with CVD; the level of risk that changes intervention; whether long-term disease outcomes will improve; how individuals ordering direct to consumer tests will understand/ respond to test results and interact with the health care system; and whether direct to consumer testing will motivate behavior change or amplify potential harms. Genet Med 2010:12(12):839-843.
Reproductive factors, intima media thickness and carotid plaques in a cross-sectional study of postmenopausal women enrolled in the population-based KORA F4 study; Background: Reproductive events may affect the onset of chronic diseases. We examined the possible association between reproductive parameters and intima media thickness (IMT) or carotid plaques in the common carotid artery in a population-based sample. Methods: This cross-sectional study analysed data of 800 postmenopausal women aged 50 to 81 years of the population-based KORA F4 study, conducted between 2006 and 2008 in Southern Germany. Reproductive parameters were obtained by standardised interviews. Results: Age at menarche below 12 years compared to 12-15 years was significantly associated with carotid plaques (age-adjusted OR 2.23, 95% CI 1.13-4.43, p-value 0.018, multivariable adjusted 2.11, 1.05-4.26, 0.037), but not with IMT. Ever use of hormone replacement therapy was inversely associated with carotid plaques (age-adjusted 0.60, 0.44-0.81, p = 0.001, multivariable-adjusted 0.62, 0.45-0.86, 0.003) and IMT in the age-adjusted model (mean 0.89, 95% CI 0.88-0.90, p = 0.033) but not in the multivariable-adjusted model (mean 0.89, 95% CI 0.88-0.90, p = 0.075). Parity, age at menopause, time since menopause, duration of fertile period, current use of hormone replacement therapy, ever use of oral contraceptives, hysterectomy, bilateral oophorectomy, hot flashes and depressive mood in relation to the menopausal transition were not associated with carotid plaques or IMT. Conclusion: Our study showed, that there may be an independent association between the reproductive parameters age at menarche and ever use of hormone replacement therapy with carotid plaques in the common carotid artery, but not with IMT. Further research, especially in studies with prospective population-based study design, is necessary to assess in detail what events in women's life lead to increased IMT or CP.
Changes in ventricular repolarization during percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty in humans assessed by QT interval, QT dispersion and T vector loop morphology; Objectives. Based on clinical, epidemiological. and experimental data, transient cardiac ischaemia is one of the major triggering factors of malignant ventricular arrhythmia. According to animal studies. Increased dispersion of repolarization is of pathophysiological relevance in this context. Therefore we explored the impact of myocardial ischaemia during single vessel coronary angioplasty on the change in ventricular repolarization, measured by QT and JT intervals and their dispersion in the 12-lead electrocardiogram. We also assessed a novel method, the 3-dimensional T vector loop. to find out whether it was sensitive to changes in ventricular repolarization during ischaemia, and whether there was any correlation with changes in the dispersion of the QT and/or JT intervals. Design. This study was prospective with consecutive patients, Only patients in sinus rhythm and without bundle branch block were included. Setting. All coronary angioplasties were performed at Norrlands University Hospital, Umea. The analysis of the material was performed at the Karolinska Hospital, Stockholm. Subjects. Twenty-nine consecutive patients went through 30 elective one-vessel percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA) procedures. PTCA was performed in 10 stenoses of the left anterior descending, 10 of the left circumflex, and 10 of the right coronary artery. Interventions. A 12-lead electrocardiogram was recorded continuously as part of routine monitoring of the patient during PTCA and the T vector loop was calculated from the simultaneously recorded. X, Y, Z leads. Main outcome measures. Repolarization was assessed by the QRS, QT and JT intervals as 12 ell as by the T vector loop parameters (Tarea, Tavplan, and Teigenv) before and at the end of the first occlusion during PTCA. Results. PTCA. with an average occlusion time of 171 +/- 60 s (mean -C SD), induced ischaemia on the 12-lead electrocardiogram in 73% of cases. The overall response for the 30 procedures was a significantly increased dispersion of ventricular repolarization, both corrected and uncorrected for heart rate. QT dispersion increased by, on average, 19% from 74 +/- 35 to 88 +/- 36 ms, QT(c) dispersion by 27% from 71 +/- 33 to 90 +/- 12 ms, and JTc dispersion by 19% from 78 +/- 32 to 94 +/- 43 ms (P < 0.05). The T Vector loop became more circular and bulgy during occlusion tall three parameters changed by between 33% and 59%). There was a significant correlation between changes in one of the T vector loop parameters (Teigenv), and changes in JT and QT dispersion in the left anterior descending group. Conclusions. Transient ischaemia during PTCA induced significant changes in ventricular repolarization, especially during occlusion of the left anterior descending artery and resulted in a significant increase in both QT and QT(c) dispersion. The degree of QT dispersion was such that several patients were at risk of ventricular arrhythmia, if a proper triggering extrasystole had occurred. In addition, and as an original observation, the 3-dimensional T vector loop morphology seemed even more sensitive to coronary occlusion than QT dispersion.
Refitting of the UKPDS 68 Risk Equations to Contemporary Routine Clinical Practice Data in the UK; Objective Economic evaluations of new diabetes therapies rely heavily upon the UK Prospective Diabetes Study (UKPDS) equations for prediction of cardiovascular events; however, concerns persist regarding their relevance to current clinical practice and appropriate use in populations other than newly diagnosed patients. This study refits the UKPDS 68 event equations, using contemporary data describing low- and intermediate-risk patients. Research Design and Methods Anonymized patient data describing demographics, risk factors and incidence of cardiovascular and microvascular events were extracted from The Health Improvement Network (THIN) database over the 10-year period from 1 January 2000 to 31 December 2009. Following multiple imputation of missing values, accelerated failure-time Weibull regression equations were refitted to produce new coefficients for each risk group. Discriminatory performance was assessed and compared with both UKPDS 68 and UKPDS 82 risk equations, and the implication of coefficient choice within an economic evaluation was assessed using the Cardiff type 2 diabetes model. Results When applied to patient-level data, the three sets of coefficients (UKPDS, THIN low-risk and intermediate-risk) lead to fairly consistent predictions of the 5-year risk of events. Exceptions include lower predicted rates of myocardial infarction and higher rates of ischaemic heart disease, congestive heart failure and end-stage renal disease with both sets of revised THIN coefficients compared with UKPDS. Over a modelled lifetime, the coefficients derived from the low-risk data predict fewer total cardiovascular events compared with UKPDS, while those from the intermediate-risk data predict a greater number. The areas under the receiver-operating characteristic curves demonstrated a marginal improvement in the discriminatory performance of the refitted equations. The incremental cost-effectiveness ratio associated with dapagliflozin versus sulphonylurea in addition to metformin changed from 7,708 pound to 7,519 pound and 6,906 pound per QALY gained, using the THIN intermediate- and low-risk coefficients, respectively. Conclusion The results suggest that while the UKPDS equations perform best in newly diagnosed patients, they may overpredict the lifetime risk in this group and underpredict it in patients with more advanced diabetes. Implementation of the revised coefficients will result in different absolute numbers of predicted diabetes-related events; however, they are not expected to significantly affect the conclusions of economic modelling.
Postmenopausal women with minimal trauma fractures are unapprised of the existence of low bone mass or osteoporosis; Objectives: To explore barriers to medical care for osteoporosis following a minimal trauma fracture (MTF). MTFs occur from a fall while in a seated, recumbent or standing position; during normal walking, or from a height less than 4 feet. Methods: Prospective study and focus groups of women with MTF performed in Chicago from June to December of 2003. Study protocol approved by Institutional Review Board (IRB) and all participants signed consent forms. Focus groups were audiotaped and transcribed, transcripts analyzed using Atlas.ti. Survey results analyzed with SPSS 11.5. Results: Twenty nine participants recruited with average age of 74 +/- 16 years. MTF occurred at the mean age of 61 +/- 8 years, with fifteen (15/29) reporting more that one prior MTF. The age distribution was 40-49 years 2 (2/29) participants, 50-59 years 2 (2/29), 60-69 years 6 (6/29), 70-79 years 10 (10/29), 80 and above 9 (9/29). Most participants (21/29, 70%) reported knowledge about osteoporosis obtained from written media. Osteoporotic fractures were rated on a single item Likert Scale (1 = not important to 5 = most important) as 2.5 (compared with breast cancer 2.3, and myocardial infarction 2.8). Half (16/29) had osteoporosis counseling with their PCP and 9 were receiving medications for bone loss. We observed a positive correlation between osteoporosis counseling and BMD testing (r = 0.6, p < 0.001), and a trend toward osteoporosis treatment (r = 0.372, p=0.09). Half of the participants had reported the occurrence of MTF to their PCP (14/29), however this did not lead to counseling, BMD testing (r = 0.07, p = 0.78), or treatment (r = -0.14, p = 0.53). None of the women believed that low BMD or osteoporosis had contributed to their fracture. Women studied believed that they were "too young" (12/29) to have osteoporosis. Conclusion: Women are not receiving adequate information about osteoporosis; they remain unaware of the connection between MTFs and osteoporosis. Post-menopausal women with MTF do not identify osteoporosis as a cause for the fracture, may exhibit ageism and thereby fail to seek adequate medical care. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Prognostic judgments and triage decisions for patients with acute congestive heart failure; Study objectives: To determine how well triage physicians judge the probability of death or severe complications that require treatment only available in an ICU to maintain life for patients with acute congestive heart failure (CHF). Design: Prospective cohort study. Setting: An urban university hospital, a Veteran's Administration hospital, and a community hospital. Patients or participants: Patients were those visiting the emergency department (E D) with acute CHF, excluding those who already required a treatment only available in an ICU to maintain life, and those with possible or definite myocardial infarction. Physician participants were those caring for the patients in the ED. Measurements and results: We performed chart reviews to ascertain whether each patient died or had severe complications develop by 4 days. We collected judgments of the probability of this outcome from the physicians taking care of the study patients in the ED. The prevalence of death or severe complications was 43 per 1,032 patients (4.2%). The mean +/- SD of physicians' judgments of the probability of thus outcome was 32.1 +/- 28.4%. A calibration curve that stratified these judgments by decile demonstrated that physicians consistently overestimated this probability (p < 0.01). Physicians' judgments were only moderately good at discriminating which patients would have the outcome (receiver operating characteristic curve area, 0.715). Patients admitted to an ICU received the highest average predicted probability (56.4%), followed by those admitted to a telemetry unit (34.1%), to a regular hospital ward (29.8%), and those sent home (17.9%) Conclusions: Physicians drastically overestimated the probability of a severe complication that would require critical care for patients with acute CHF who were candidates for ICU admission. Their judgments of this probability were associated with their triage decisions, as they should be according to several guidelines for ICU triage. Overestimation of the probability of severe complications may have lead to overutilization of scarce critical care resources. Current critical care triage guidelines should be revised to take this difficulty into account, and better predictive models for patients potentially requiring critical care should be developed.
Statins for All?; Recent guidelines for cholesterol management proposed by the American College of Cardiology (ACC) and American Heart Association (AHA) recommended statin therapy for most men in their 60s and most women in their 70s. If these guidelines are followed in the United States, most adults will eventually take statins. A companion article in this journal goes a step further by proposing statin initiation for mostly everyone about 10 years earlier. Treatment in ACC/AHA guidelines does not depend on cholesterol levels, for either statin initiation or treatment goals. Selection of patients for statin therapy depends instead on multifactorial risk assessment derived from prospective studies in subgroups of the US population. Because of expansion of statin therapy, the issue of the reliability of risk assessment has come to the fore. Some evidence suggests that the ACC/AHA risk algorithm overestimates risk in many persons; if so, this would lead to statin therapy beyond what was intended. Some investigators favor assessment of risk based on presence or absence of categorical risk factors or higher risk conditions. Others propose selection of individuals for statin therapy grounded in measurement of atherosclerosis burden. Finally, an alternate approach to cholesterol management is to establish cholesterol goals for secondary and primary prevention. Cholesterol levels, and not global risk assessment, here define the intensity of therapy. The use of cholesterol goals allows more flexibility in treatment by taking advantage of lifestyle therapies and various drugs and their doses to attain defined goals. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Five years' world experience with nonpenetrating clips for vascular anastomoses; Background: A new sutureless technique has been introduced clinically to facilitate the process of vascular reconstruction and improve patency. The Vessel Closure System (VCS) is nonpenetrating, creates an elastomeric everted anastomosis, and is easily and reproducibly applied. The objective of this report is to review the published world experience that has accrued regarding these clips with attention to the assets, liabilities, and pitfalls associated with the new technology. Data sources: Medline search and manual cross-referencing were performed, after which 61 original articles were identified on the use of VCS clips for vascular anastomoses. Results: Advantages of the clips compared with sutures include the technical ease of application, the reduced anastomotic time, the superior hemodynamics, and the improved healing pattern of the anastomosis. Disadvantages include the potential problems in atherosclerotic vessels, lack of prospective randomized long-term follow-up, and initial costs. The best clinical results have been achieved in microvascular repair, as well as with vascular access and transplantation surgery. Conclusions: The VCS clip technology has become an accepted vascular anastomosing technique, which in future could lead to the use of clips as a standard approach and the use of sutures only in case of severe atherosclerosis and other circumstances in which vessel edges are difficult to evert. (C) 2004 Excerpta Medica, Inc. All rights reserved.
Treatment of cocaine cardiovascular toxicity: a systematic review; Introduction: Cocaine abuse is a major worldwide health problem. Patients with acute cocaine toxicity presenting to the emergency department may require urgent treatment for tachycardia, dysrhythmia, hypertension, and coronary vasospasm, leading to pathological sequelae such as acute coronary syndrome, stroke, and death. Objective: The objective of this study is to review the current evidence for pharmacological treatment of cardiovascular toxicity resulting from cocaine abuse. Methods: MEDLINE, PsycINFO, Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effects (DARE), OpenGrey, Google Scholar, and the Cochrane Library were searched from inception to November 2015. Articles on pharmacological treatment involving human subjects and cocaine were selected and reviewed. Evidence was graded using Oxford Centre for Evidence-Based Medicine guidelines. Treatment recommendations were compared to current American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guidelines. Special attention was given to adverse drug events or treatment failure. The search resulted in 2376 articles with 120 eligible involving 2358 human subjects. Benzodiazepines and other GABA-active agents: There were five high-quality (CEBM Level I/II) studies, three retrospective (Level III), and 25 case series/reports (Level IV/V) supporting the use of benzodiazepines and other GABA-active agents in 234 subjects with eight treatment failures. Benzodiazepines may not always effectively mitigate tachycardia, hypertension, and vasospasm from cocaine toxicity. Calcium channel blockers: There were seven Level I/II, one Level III, and seven Level IV/V studies involving 107 subjects and one treatment failure. Calcium channel blockers may decrease hypertension and coronary vasospasm, but not necessarily tachycardia. Nitric oxide-mediated vasodilators: There were six Level I/II, one Level III, and 25 Level IV/V studies conducted in 246 subjects with 11 treatment failures and two adverse drug events. Nitroglycerin may lead to severe hypotension and reflex tachycardia. Alpha-adrenoceptor blocking drugs: There were two Level I studies and three case reports. Alpha-1 blockers may improve hypertension and vasospasm, but not tachycardia, although evidence is limited. Alpha-2-adrenoceptor agonists: There were two high-quality studies and one case report detailing the successful use of dexmedetomidine. Beta-blockers and beta/alpha-blockers: There were nine Level I/II, seven Level III, and 34 Level IV/V studies of beta-blockers, with 1744 subjects, seven adverse drug events, and three treatment failures. No adverse events were reported for use of combined beta/alpha-blockers such as labetalol and carvedilol, which were effective in attenuating both hypertension and tachycardia. Antipsychotics: Seven Level I/II studies, three Level III studies, and seven Level IV/V case series and reports involving 168 subjects have been published. Antipsychotics may improve agitation and psychosis, but with inconsistent reduction in tachycardia and hypertension and risk of extrapyramidal adverse effects. Other agents: There was only one high level study of morphine, which reversed cocaine-induced coronary vasoconstriction but increased heart rate. Other agents reviewed included lidocaine, sodium bicarbonate, amiodarone, procainamide, propofol, intravenous lipid emulsion, propofol, and ketamine. Conclusions: High-quality evidence for pharmacological treatment of cocaine cardiovascular toxicity is limited but can guide acute management of associated tachycardia, dysrhythmia, hypertension, and coronary vasospasm. Future randomized prospective trials are needed to evaluate new agents and further define optimal treatment of cocaine-toxic patients.
Blunt cerebrovascular injuries in acute trauma care: a screening protocol; Blunt cerebrovascular injuries (BCVI) of the extra- or intracerebral vessels are frequently observed lesions which may lead to thrombembolic events with focal neurological deficits, stroke or death particularly in patients < 60 years. However, a comprehensive standardised clinical algorithm for screening and management of these secondary injuries is still lacking. We developed a standardised screening protocol applicable for mild as well as severely injured patients. In this prospective cohort study, we evaluated the feasibility of this diagnostic algorithm in a level 1 trauma centre setting. Trauma patients who met the inclusion criteria underwent a computed tomographic angiography (CTA) as part of standard diagnostic procedure at admission. All suspicions or positive findings were reevaluated by a conventional four-vessel catheter angiography within the first 72 h after trauma. Within this period, anticoagulation with low-dose heparin was started. BCVI confirmation indicated a shift to systemic heparinisation with overlapping phenprocoumon therapy for at least 6 months. All patients were reevaluated after 6 months by another four-vessel angiography. Depending on the diagnostic findings, oral anticoagulation may be discontinued or continued for another 6 months. A total of 44 patients (8 male, 6 female, age range 19-95 years) were included in the study. 20 BCVIs were detected in 16 patients (36.3%). The most common injuries identified were Biffl Type II (40%) and Type IV lesions (30%). 86.4% of the patients received a CTA upon admission, 93.2% of which were conducted within 12 h posttrauma. None of the patients had a secondary thrombembolic neurological event during the hospital stay or within 3 months postdischarge. Our results indicate that implementation of the screening protocol can prevent strokes in patients without primary thrombembolic neurological deficits.
Treatment of hypotension after hyperbaric tetracaine spinal anesthesia - A randomized, double-blind, cross-over comparison of phenylephrine and epinephrine; Background: Despite many advantages, spinal anesthesia often is followed by undesirable decreases in blood pressure, for which the ideal treatment remains controversial. Because spinal anesthesia-induced sympathectomy and management with a pure alpha-adrenergic agonist can separately lead to bradycardia, the authors hypothesized that epinephrine, a mixed alpha- and beta-adrenergic agonist, would more effectively restore arterial blood pressure and cardiac output after spinal anesthesia than phenylephrine, a pure alpha-adrenergic agonist Methods: Using a prospective, double-blind, randomized, cross-over study design, 13 Patients received sequential infusions of epinephrine and phenylephrine to manage hypotension after hyperbaric tetracaine (10 mg) spinal anesthesia Blood pressure, heart rate, and stroke volume (measured by Doppler echocardiography using the transmitral time-velocity integral) were recorded at baseline, 5 min after injection of tetracaine, and before and after management of hypotension with epinephrine and phenylephrine. Cardiac output was calculated by multiplying stroke volume x heart rate. Results: Five min after placement of a hyperbaric tetracaine spinal anesthesia, significant decrease in systolic (from 143 +/- 6 mmHg to 125 +/- 5 mmHg; P < 0.001), diastolic (from 81 +/- 3 to 71 +/- 3; P < 0.001), and mean (from 102 +/- 4 to 89 +/- 3; P < 0.001) arterial pressures occurred. Heart rate (75 +/- 4 beats/ min to 76 +/- 4 beat/min; P = 0.9), stroke volume (115 +/- 17 to 113 +/- 13; P = 0.3), and cardiac output (8.0 +/- 1 l/m to 8.0 +/- 1 l/m; P = 0.8) did not change significantly after spinal anesthesia. Phenylephrine was effective at restoring systolic blood pressure after spinal anesthesia (120 +/- 6 mmHg to 144 +/- 5 mmHg; P < 0.001) but was associated with a decrease in heart rate from 80 +/- 5 beats/min to 60 +/- 4 beats/min CP < 0.001) and in cardiac output from 8.6 +/- 0.7 l/m to 6.2 +/- 0.7 l/m (P < 0.003). Epinephrine was effective at restoring systolic blood pressure after spinal anesthesia (119 +/- 5 mmHg to 139 +/- 6 mmHg; P < 0.001) and was associated with an increase in stroke volume from 114 +/- 12 ml to 142 +/- 17 (P < 0.001) and cardiac output from 7.8 +/- 0.6 l/m to 10.8 +/- 1.1 l/m (P < 0.001). Conclusions: Epinephrine management of tetracaine spinal-induced hypotension increases heart rate and cardiac output and restores systolic arterial pressure but does not restore mean and diastolic blood pressure. Phenylephrine management of tetracaine spinal-induced hypotension decreases heart rate and cardiac output while restoring systolic, mean, and diastolic blood pressure.
Trace element changes in sclerotic heart valves from patients undergoing aortic valve surgery; Several trace elements are essential nutrients for an optimal functioning of organs and tissues, including the immune system and the heart. The pathogenesis of some heart diseases has been associated with changes in the balance of certain trace elements. The etiology of nonrheumatic aortic valve sclerosis is unknown, however. A prospective study was performed on trace element changes in the sclerotic valves of 46 patients undergoing surgical aortic valve replacement because of aortic stenosis. Valves from 15 individual forensic cases without known cardiac disease served as controls. The contents of 15 trace elements (Al, As, Cd, Ca, Co, Cu, Fe, Pb, Mg, Mn, Hg, Se, Ag, V, and Zn) were measured by inductively coupled plasma - mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) of aortic valve tissue from both patients and forensic autopsy controls. Some trace elements showed similar concentrations in sclerotic and control valves (Al, Ag, Hg, Mn), whereas a few were moderately changed in the sclerotic as compared with the control valves, including an increase in Cd by 52% (p<0.05) and decreases in Se by 14% (p<0.05), in V by 42% (p<0.001), and in Cu by 45% (p<0.001). However, there were pronounced increases (p<0.001) in the concentrations of As (5-fold), Ca (70-fold), Co (10-fold), Fe (20-fold), Pb (8-fold), Mg (20-fold), and Zn (10-fold) in the sclerotic valves. Thus, sclerotic aortic valve disease is associated with a pronounced imbalance in several trace elements of well-known importance for cardiovascular and immune function as well as in trace elements with hitherto unknown significance.
Combined Epidural-General Anesthesia vs General Anesthesia Alone for Elective Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm Repair; IMPORTANCE Epidural analgesia (EA) is used as an adjunct procedure for postoperative pain control during elective abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA) surgery. In addition to analgesia, modulatory effects of EA on spinal sympathetic outflow result in improved organ perfusion with reduced complications. Reductions in postoperative complications lead to shorter convalescence and possibly improved 30-day survival. However, the effect of EA on long-term survival when used as an adjunct to general anesthesia (GA) during elective AAA surgery is unknown. OBJECTIVE To evaluate the association between combined EA-GA vs GA alone and long-term survival and postoperative complications in patients undergoing elective, open AAA repair. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS A retrospective analysis of prospectively collected data was performed. Patients undergoing elective MA repair between January 1, 2003, and December 31, 2011, were identified within the Vascular Society Group of New England (VSGNE) database. Kaplan-Meier curves were used to estimate survival. Cox proportional hazards regression models and multivariable logistic regression models assessed the independent association of EA-GA use with postoperative mortality and morbidity, respectively. Data analysis was conducted from March 15, 2015, to September 2, 2015. INTERVENTIONS Combined EA-GA. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES The primary outcome measure was all-cause mortality. Secondary end points included postoperative bowel ischemia, respiratory complications, myocardial infarction, dialysis requirement, wound complications, and need for surgical reintervention within 30 days of surgery. RESULTS A total of 1540 patients underwent elective MA repair during the study period. Of these, 410 patients (26.6%) were women and the median (interquartile range) age was 71 (64-76) years; 980 individuals (63.6%) received EA-GA. Patients in the 2 groups were comparable in terms of age, comorbidities, and suprarenal clamp location. At 5 years, the Kaplan-Meier-estimated overall survival rates were 74% (95% CI, 72%-76%) and 65% (95% Cl, 62%-68%) in the EA-GA and GA-alone groups, respectively (P < .01). In adjusted analyses, EA-GA use was associated with significantly lower hazards of mortality compared with GA alone (hazard ratio, 0.73; 95% CI, 037-0.92; P = .01). Patients receiving EA-GA also had lower odds of 30-day surgical reintervention (odds ratio [OR], 0.65; 95% CI, 0.44-0.94; P = .02) as well as postoperative bowel ischemia (OR, 0.54; 95% CI, 0.31-0.94; P = .03), pulmonary complications (OR, 0.62; 95% CI, 0.41-0.95; P = .03), and dialysis requirements (OR, 0.44; 95% CI, 0.23-0.88; P = .02). No significant differences were noted for the odds of wound (OR, 0.88; 95% CI, 0.38-1.44; P = .51) and cardiac (OR, 1.08; 95% CI, 0.59-1.78; P = .82) complications. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Combined EA-GA was associated with improved survival and significantly lower HRs and ORs for mortality and morbidity in patients undergoing elective AAA repair. The survival benefit may be attributable to reduced immediate postoperative adverse events. Based on these findings, EA-GA should be strongly considered in suitable patients.
Screening strategies for atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and cost-effectiveness analysis; Background: Atrial fibrillation (AF) is a common cardiac arrhythmia that increases the risk of thromboembolic events. Anticoagulation therapy to prevent AF-related stroke has been shown to be cost-effective. A national screening programme for AF may prevent AF-related events, but would involve a substantial investment of NHS resources. Objectives: To conduct a systematic review of the diagnostic test accuracy (DTA) of screening tests for AF, update a systematic review of comparative studies evaluating screening strategies for AF, develop an economic model to compare the cost-effectiveness of different screening strategies and review observational studies of AF screening to provide inputs to the model. Design: Systematic review, meta-analysis and cost-effectiveness analysis. Setting: Primary care. Participants: Adults. Intervention: Screening strategies, defined by screening test, age at initial and final screens, screening interval and format of screening {systematic opportunistic screening [individuals offered screening if they consult with their general practitioner (GP)] or systematic population screening (when all eligible individuals are invited to screening)}. Main outcome measures: Sensitivity, specificity and diagnostic odds ratios; the odds ratio of detecting new AF cases compared with no screening; and the mean incremental net benefit compared with no screening. Review methods: Two reviewers screened the search results, extracted data and assessed the risk of bias. A DTA meta-analysis was perfomed, and a decision tree and Markov model was used to evaluate the cost-effectiveness of the screening strategies. Results: Diagnostic test accuracy depended on the screening test and how it was interpreted. In general, the screening tests identified in our review had high sensitivity (> 0.9). Systematic population and systematic opportunistic screening strategies were found to be similarly effective, with an estimated 170 individuals needed to be screened to detect one additional AF case compared with no screening. Systematic opportunistic screening was more likely to be cost-effective than systematic population screening, as long as the uptake of opportunistic screening observed in randomised controlled trials translates to practice. Modified blood pressure monitors, photoplethysmography or nurse pulse palpation were more likely to be cost-effective than other screening tests. A screening strategy with an initial screening age of 65 years and repeated screens every 5 years until age 80 years was likely to be cost-effective, provided that compliance with treatment does not decline with increasing age. Conclusions: A national screening programme for AF is likely to represent a cost-effective use of resources. Systematic opportunistic screening is more likely to be cost-effective than systematic population screening. Nurse pulse palpation or modified blood pressure monitors would be appropriate screening tests, with confirmation by diagnostic 12-lead electrocardiography interpreted by a trained GP, with referral to a specialist in the case of an unclear diagnosis. Implementation strategies to operationalise uptake of systematic opportunistic screening in primary care should accompany any screening recommendations. Limitations: Many inputs for the economic model relied on a single trial [the Screening for Atrial Fibrillation in the Elderly (SAFE) study] and DTA results were based on a few studies at high risk of bias/of low applicability. Future work: Comparative studies measuring long-term outcomes of screening strategies and DTA studies for new, emerging technologies and to replicate the results for photoplethysmography and GP interpretation of 12-lead electrocardiography in a screening population.
Tissue perfusion and oxygenation to monitor fluid responsiveness in critically ill, septic patients after initial resuscitation: a prospective observational study; Fluid therapy after initial resuscitation in critically ill, septic patients may lead to harmful overloading and should therefore be guided by indicators of an increase in stroke volume (SV), i.e. fluid responsiveness. Our objective was to investigate whether tissue perfusion and oxygenation are able to monitor fluid responsiveness, even after initial resuscitation. Thirty-five critically ill, septic patients underwent infusion of 250 mL of colloids, after initial fluid resuscitation. Prior to and after fluid infusion, SV, cardiac output sublingual microcirculatory perfusion (SDF: sidestream dark field imaging) and skin perfusion and oxygenation (laser Doppler flowmetry and reflectance spectroscopy) were measured. Fluid responsiveness was defined by a a parts per thousand yen5 or 10 % increase in SV upon fluids. In responders to fluids, SDF-derived microcirculatory and skin perfusion and oxygenation increased, but only the increase in cardiac output, mean arterial and pulse pressure, microvascular flow index and relative Hb concentration and oxygen saturation were able to monitor a SV increase. Our proof of principle study demonstrates that non-invasively assessed tissue perfusion and oxygenation is not inferior to invasive hemodynamic measurements in monitoring fluid responsiveness. However skin reflectance spectroscopy may be more helpful than sublingual SDF.
Occupational exposure to low concentrations of carbon disulfide as a risk factor for hypercholesterolaemia; Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of occupational exposure to carbon disulfide (CS2) concentrations below threshold limit value (TLV)-time-weighted average (TWA) (31 mg/m(3)) on total cholesterol, blood pressure and the prevalence of coronary heart disease (CHD). Methods: A cross-sectional study involving 141 viscose rayon workers (64 men), and 141 age- and gender-matched controls without occupational contact with noxious chemicals, was carried out. The probability for CHD was determined by means of the WHO questionnaire and was 12-lead electrocardiography-coded using Minnesota criteria. Blood pressure was measured by the standardized method of the WHO and blood was examined for total cholesterol. A cumulative exposure index (CS2 index) was calculated for each worker by multiplying the number of years held in a particular job, by the CS2 concentrations in that job-environment. According to the CS2 index, the exposed workers were distributed into two groups: group 1 (CS2 index <100) and group 2 (CS2 index <greater than or equal to>100). Results: Depending on the job and specific work place the CS2 concentrations were between 1 and 30 mg/m(3). Cholesterol levels were significantly higher in the exposed group (4.9 +/- 0.7) compared with the controls (4.6 +/- 0.7). Adjustment for age, smoking, body-mass index (BMI) and gender showed the significant effect of the CS2 index on the total cholesterol (P < 0.001). The prevalence of hypercholesterolaemia was significantly higher in the exposed group (42.6%), compared with the controls (26.2%); odds ratio (OR) (adjusted for potential confounders) was 2.56, 95% CI 1.47-4.46. Logistic regression showed a significantly increased risk for elevated cholesterol in group 2 (OR 5.52; 95% CI 2.81-10.83). No significant effect of CS2 index on blood pressure and CHD prevalence was found. Conclusions: The results of our study show that occupational exposure to CS2 concentrations below 31 mg/m(3) and a CS2 index >100 may increase total cholesterol. Our results imply that even the CS2 concentrations below TLV-TWA may produce morbid changes, and suggest the mechanism of the effect of CS2, leading to lipid metabolism disturbances and acceleration of atherosclerosis.
Cervical artery dissections; Cervical artery dissection (CAD) accounts for up to one fifth of ischemic strokes occurring before 45 years. Their increasing recognition is probably due to an increased clinical awareness of this condition in patients with painful ischemic events. The internal carotid artery is the most commonly affected vessel. Cerebral ischemia is the most serious consequence of a CAD. It may be due to hemodynamic factors or emboli. The enlargement of the artery may lead to a direct compression of the lower cranial nerves. CAD typically occurs in young adults with a mean age of 40 years with a male:female ratio of 1.5. After exclusion of traumatic cases, the average annual incidence rate of CAD is 2.6 per 100,000, but the reported incidence figures in the literature are likely to be an underestimation of the incidence of CAD. A spontaneous dissection is assumed when no or only minor trauma preceded the onset. However, the differentiation between spontaneous and traumatic dissections is artificial because of a continuum between both forms. The pathogenesis of dissections remains unknown in most cases. However, traumas and primary diseases of the arterial wall are the main predisposing factors. The clinical presentation of spontaneous dissections of the internal carotid artery includes cerebral ischemia, cervical or cranial pain, Horner's syndrome and cranial nerve palsy; CAD may also be silent. Brainstem ischemic deficits and occipital pain are the most common findings in vertebral artery dissections, but these features may be biased because the most benign and the most severe cases may escape detection. The favorable natural history of CAD emphasizes the need for a noninvasive approach to the detection, monitoring and follow-up. This noninvasive approach can be obtained by means of CT scan, MRI, magnetic resonance angiography and ultrasonography, although angiography remains the gold standard for the diagnosis of arterial dissections. Follow-up studies suggest a fairly good overall prognosis in adults and in children. In many centers, CAD are treated by heparin at the acute stage, although the benefit of such a potentially dangerous treatment has never been proven by a randomized trial.
Management of anticoagulation and antiplatelet therapy in patients with left ventricular assist devices; Left ventricular assist devices (LVADs) have increased the survival of patients with advanced heart failure fourfold. Despite these advances, significant bleeding and thrombotic complications occur. Hemorrhage requiring surgery has been reported in up to 30 % of adults and 50 % of children after LVAD placement. LVAD thrombosis and embolic stroke lead to significant long-term morbidity. Adults are treated with antithrombotic therapy to prevent thrombotic complications, but the amount and intensity of treatment differs between institutions. The goal international normalized ratio for warfarin therapy varies from 1.5 to 3.0. Some physicians manage adult LVAD patients without antiplatelet medication, whereas other adults are treated with aspirin as a single agent or combined with dipyridamole. In contrast, physicians typically manage children with LVADs using the Edmonton Anticoagulation and Platelet Inhibition Protocol, a detailed algorithm for anticoagulation and antiplatelet treatment modified based on thromboelastography results. LVAD implantation causes consumption of coagulation proteins, activation of fibrinolysis, and loss of high molecular weight von Willebrand protein multimers. How these changes in the coagulation system influence the risk of hemorrhage and initiation of thrombosis is unknown. Prospective, controlled studies are needed to determine the antithrombotic regimen that most effectively balances bleeding and thrombosis in LVAD patients.
Efficacy of a post-acute interval inpatient neurorehabilitation programme for severe brain injury; Background: Patients with severe acute brain injury often suffer from prolonged limitations in the activities of daily living (ADL) after completion of initial neurorehabilitation. Objective: To analyse the efficacy of an inpatient interval rehabilitation programme (IRP) focused on patient goals in the chronic disease state. Methods: Retrospective longitudinal cohort study of IRP patients. Clinical scoring of ADLs was performed weekly during inpatient treatment. IRP success was rated with the Goal Attainment Scale. Regression analysis was used to identify factors that influence IRP success. Results: Data from 125 patients (50.4 years) were analysed. Delay between discharge from acute/sub-acute rehabilitation and admission to IRP was 552 days. IRP lasted for 46 days and 37% of rehabilitation attempts were rated as successful. A significant increase in FIM scores from 33 +/- 22 to 36 +/- 24 points (p<0.001) occurred. Higher ADL scores at discharge from acute/sub-acute rehabilitation and decannulation of a tracheostomy tube as the primary IRP goal made an IRP success more likely. Conclusions: Even several years after severe acute brain injury, an ICF-oriented IRP can lead to ADL improvements and achievement of specific goals. If confirmed by prospective trials, this strategy should be incorporated in healthcare systems.
Headache in cerebral venous thrombosis; In the past, cerebral venous thrombosis (CVT) was considered a rare, devastating disease. The widespread use of angiography, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and magnetic resonance angiography (MRA) over the years has made early diagnosis of CVT possible and has completely changed the perception of this condition. CVT is much more common than previously thought. It has a wide spectrum of clinical presentation, multiple causes and unpredictable outcome. In contrast to arterial stroke, headache is the most frequent and, at times, the only symptom of CVT. It is crucial to recognise the association of headache with CVT in order to reach a correct diagnosis and to start the appropriate treatment as soon as possible. Therefore in order to define the headache features useful for an early diagnosis of CVT we reviewed the current literature on this topic and performed both a retrospective and a prospective study. In the literature we found that this headache has no specific features as it can be of any grade of severity and is slightly more frequently diffuse than localised. Its onset is usually subacute over a few days but it can also be acute or chronic. It is mostly persistent but can occasionally be intermittent. Headache attributed to CVT is sometimes misleading, mimicking migraine, subarachnoid haemorrhage, CSF hypertension or hypotension. However this information has been derived from case series which lacked a control group and thus have low statistical strength. Our retrospective study, confirmed by preliminary results in the prospective multicentric study, showed that headache in CVT is as often acute as subacute, and that it is more frequently localised than diffuse. Finally, both studies showed a significant correlation between headache of acute onset and severe intensity and CVT. We then conclude that these headache features, especially in the presence of underlying prothrombotic conditions, should lead clinicians to consider the diagnosis of CVT and to require appropriate neuroimaging examinations.
Dysregulation of the Autonomic Nervous System Predicts the Development of the Metabolic Syndrome; Context: Stress is suggested to lead to metabolic dysregulations as clustered in the metabolic syndrome. Although dysregulation of the autonomic nervous system is found to associate with the metabolic syndrome and its dysregulations, no longitudinal study has been performed to date to examine the predictive value of this stress system in the development of the metabolic syndrome. Objective: We examined whether autonomic nervous system functioning predicts 2-year development of metabolic abnormalities that constitute the metabolic syndrome. Design: Data of the baseline and 2-year follow-up assessment of a prospective cohort: the Netherlands Study of Depression and Anxiety was used. Setting: Participants were recruited in the general community, primary care, and specialized mental health care organizations. Participants: A group of 1933 participants aged 18-65 years. Main outcome measures: The autonomic nervous system measures included heart rate (HR), respiratory sinus arrhythmia (RSA; high RSA reflecting high parasympathetic activity), pre-ejection period (PEP; high PEP reflecting low sympathetic activity), cardiac autonomic balance (CAB), and cardiac autonomic regulation (CAR). Metabolic syndrome was based on the updated Adult Treatment Panel III criteria and included high waist circumference, serum triglycerides, blood pressure, serum glucose, and low high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. Results: Baseline short PEP, low CAB, high HR, and CAR were predictors of an increase in the number of components of the metabolic syndrome during follow-up. High HR and low CAB were predictors of a 2-year decrease in HDL cholesterol, and 2-year increase in diastolic and systolic blood pressure. Short PEP and high CAR also predicted a 2-year increase in systolic blood pressure, and short PEP additionally predicted 2-year increase in diastolic blood pressure. Finally, a low baseline RSA was predictive for subsequent decreases in HDL cholesterol. Conclusion: Increased sympathetic activity predicts an increase in metabolic abnormalities over time. These findings suggest that a dysregulation of the autonomic nervous system is an important predictor of cardiovascular diseases and diabetes through dysregulating lipid metabolism and blood pressure over time.
The accuracy of transcranial Doppler in excluding intracranial hypertension following acute brain injury: a multicenter prospective pilot study; Background: Untimely diagnosis of intracranial hypertension may lead to delays in therapy and worsening of outcome. Transcranial Doppler (TCD) detects variations in cerebral blood flow velocity which may correlate with intracranial pressure (ICP). We investigated if intracranial hypertension can be accurately excluded through use of TCD. Method: This was a multicenter prospective pilot study in patients with acute brain injury requiring invasive ICP (ICPi) monitoring. ICP estimated with TCD (ICPtcd) was compared with ICPi in three separate time frames: immediately before ICPi placement, immediately after ICPi placement, and 3 hours following ICPi positioning. Sensitivity and specificity, and concordance correlation coefficient between ICPi and ICPtcd were calculated. Receiver operating curve (ROC) and the area under the curve (AUC) analyses were estimated after measurement averaging over time. Results: A total of 38 patients were enrolled, and of these 12 (31.6%) had at least one episode of intracranial hypertension. One hundred fourteen paired measurements of ICPi and ICPtcd were gathered for analysis. With dichotomized ICPi (<= 20 mmHg vs >20 mmHg), the sensitivity of ICPtcd was 100%; all measurements with high ICPi (>20 mmHg) also had a high ICPtcd values. Bland-Altman plot showed an overestimation of 6.2 mmHg (95% CI 5.08-7.30 mmHg) for ICPtcd compared to ICPi. AUC was 96.0% (95% CI 89.8-100%) and the estimated best threshold was at ICPi of 24.8 mmHg corresponding to a sensitivity 100% and a specificity of 91.2%. Conclusions: This study provides preliminary evidence that ICPtcd may accurately exclude intracranial hypertension in patients with acute brain injury. Future studies with adequate power are needed to confirm this result.
Essential trace element status and clinical outcomes in long-term dialysis patients: A two-year prospective observational cohort study; Background & aims: Essential trace elements are involved in many biological processes for normal cell function including immunological defense against oxidation and infection. Deficiency of these elements generally leads to illness or even death in the general population. Therefore, we investigated the predictive values of trace element status on clinical outcomes in dialysis patients, who are more prone to trace element deficiency. Methods: We enrolled 111 prevalent patients on maintenance dialysis from a Taipei tertiary-care referral hospital and measured serum levels of selenium, copper, and zinc. Patients were followed for 2 years or until death or withdrawal. Results: Multivariate Cox regression analysis indicated that patients with diabetes mellitus (HR, 2.162 [95% Cl. 1.105-4.232], p = 0.024), prior stroke (HR, 3.876 [95% Cl, 1.136-13.221], p = 0.030), and zinc deficiency (HR, 0.979 [95% Cl, 0.966-0.992], p = 0.002) were more likely to be hospitalized for infectious diseases. Furthermore, beyond traditional risk factors, such as old age and hypoalbuminemia, multivariate Cox regression also indicated that lower serum level of zinc independently predicts overall mortality (HR, 0.973 [95% Cl, 0.948-0.999], p = 0.046). Conclusions: In long-term dialysis patients, the serum level of zinc was an independent predictor of future hospitalization due to infectious diseases and of overall mortality. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Two Large Preoperative Doses of Erythropoietin Do Not Reduce the Systemic Inflammatory Response to Cardiac Surgery; Objectives: Cardiac surgery and cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) induce an inflammatory reaction that may lead to tissue injury. Experimental studies suggest that recombinant human erythropoietin (EPO) independent of its erythropoietic effect may be used clinically as an anti-inflammatory drug. This study tested the hypothesis that 2 large doses of EPO administered shortly before CPB ameliorate the systemic inflammatory response to CPB. Design and Setting: A prospective, double-blind, placebo-controlled and randomized study at a single tertiary care hospital. Participants: Patients scheduled for coronary artery bypass graft surgery with CPB. Interventions: EPO (epoetin alfa, 500 IU/kg intravenously, n = 22) or placebo (n = 21) was administered 12 to 18 hours preoperatively and again at the induction of anesthesia. Measurements and Main Results: CPB in both groups greatly increased plasma concentrations of tumor necrosis factor a (TNF-alpha), interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-1 beta, IL-1 beta receptor antagonist, IL-6, IL-10, and N-terminal probrain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP). Compared with placebo, EPO at day 3 after CPB augmented the TNF-alpha response (p < 0.05) and at 2 hours after CPB increased NT-proBNP (p < 0.05). Also, EPO tended to enhance the CPB-induced increase in IL-1 beta receptor antagonist (p = 0.057). Otherwise, EPO had no effect on pro- and antiinflammatory mediators compared with placebo. Conclusions: Two large doses of EPO given shortly before CPB do not reduce perioperative release of inflammatory cytokines. In contrast, EPO may augment the TNF-alpha and NT-proBNP response. Although the long-term clinical impact remains unknown, the findings do not support use of EPO as an anti-inflammatory drug in patients undergoing cardiac surgery. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor therapy in mitral regurgitation with normal left ventricular function; Mitral regurgitation (MR) is a common, frequently asymptomatic valvulopathy that can ultimately lead to left ventricular failure. With the objective of forestalling MR progression, a prospective, placebo controlled, double-blind study was conducted. It measured the effectiveness of lisinopril, an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor, in reducing the echocardiographic signs of MR severity over a one-year period. Severe coronary disease was excluded by stress echocardiography. Treatment effectiveness was estimated to be proportional to the reduction in MR fraction and cardiac chamber dimensions, compared with baseline, according to intention-to treat analysis. A final patient population of 23 asymptomatic adults aged 53.3+/-2.4 years (mean+/-SEM), with moderate, organic MR and normal left ventricular function was selected from the echocardiographic database. All baseline patient characteristics were comparable in the two treatment groups, including the MR fraction (55+/-3%). Twelve patients received lisinopril. (18+/-1 mg) and 11 received placebo. After one year of treatment, a statistically significant difference in the MR fraction was observed between the two groups. For the lisinopril group the MR fraction dropped by 6.4+/-3.5% and for the placebo group it increased by 3.7+/-3.2% versus baseline (P<0.05). No differences in left atrial or Ventricular dimensions were observed. The study drug was stopped in four patients after one patient presented with rapid atrial fibrillation and angina while three patients were intolerant to lisinopril. Only one patient receiving placebo was taken off therapy. In conclusion, treatment with lisinopril indicates some reduction in the severity of chronic moderate MR in asymptomatic patients with normal left ventricular function. This approach appears to be safe, but side effects are not uncommon, warranting regular follow-up.
Influence of Vascular Risk Factors on Cause and Progression of Alzheimer's Disease; Vascular risk factors play a key role in the onset and progression of dementia. This is true not only for vascular dementias but also for neurodegenerative dementias such as Alzheimer's disease. Co-existing vascular risk factors can lead to earlier onset of dementias and a more progressive course of the disease. Our understanding of these correlations comes mainly from large cohort studies showing a major impact of vascular risk factors not only on cardiovascular diseases and cancer but also on dementias. Autopsy studies already revealed connections between vascular disease and neurodegenerative dementias, but they are difficult to interpret because of the high prevalence of asymptomatic carriers of pathologically proven vascular and Alzheimer pathology. There are several vascular risk factors besides genetic and environmental ones that contribute in a synergistic manner to the evolution of dementia. All of these factors sum up to an individual dementia risk, and they can also influence the point of time when dementia starts and the severity and speed of progression. The most important non-modifiable risk factors include age and genetic risk like apolipoprotein-E carrier status. However, many risk factors are modifiable, including high blood pressure, dyslipidaemia, smoking, diabetes and a sedentary life style. Current data from large intervention studies show promising results of a multimodal treatment concept with systematic treatment of the modifiable risk factors that can reduce the prevalence of dementia. These results are even more inspiring because the interventions in current studies started quite late to get answers in a reasonable time. To date, it remains speculative if the effects would not be even better if interventions are started earlier in life. At least, it is well established that, some risk factors, if present during mid-life, like elevated blood pressure and lack of physical activity, raise the risk of dementia. Some large epidemiological studies seem to support this hypothesis: they showed a significant decrease in dementia prevalence in modern cohorts compared to very similar cohorts examined many years before. These studies suggest that some preventive measures that are already partly implemented like reduced numbers of smokers or better control of blood pressure exert early effects. Nowadays, modifiable risk factors carry a huge potential for prevention and maybe also treatment of dementias as effective causal treatments are still missing for most types of dementia. If modifiable risk factors could be controlled in a more effective way, this would lead to a significantly reduced number of dementia cases. The potential reduction of dementia cases that could be achieved with better control of vascular risk factors would have major significance not only from a medical point of view but also have an effect on a social and economic level. As long as effective therapies for most dementia cases are still lacking, we should increase our efforts to optimize the implementation of all preventive measures that are already known and available.
PREDICTION OF CARDIOVASCULAR COMPLICATIONS IN PATIENTS WITH PROSTATIC-CANCER TREATED WITH ESTROGEN; The authors made a randomized prospective study of estrogen therapy versus orchidectomy in patients with prostatic cancer (n = 100, Huddinge Hospital, Sweden) to investigate the possibility of predicting cardiovascular events during hormonal treatment. Patients with preexisting cardiovascular morbidity were excluded (16%). Prior to the allocation of therapy, the following were performed: exercise stress test; physiologic evaluation of the peripheral circulation; blood volume estimation; chest x-ray; blood tests, including hormones, lipoproteins, and antithrombin III; and a physical examination and history by a cardiologist. Thirteen (25%) of the patients given estrogen therapy (n = 53) had cardiovascular complications during the first year of treatment compared with none in the orchidectomy group. The authors made a multivariate discriminant analysis of the pretreatment examinations of the estrogen-treated patients; this resulted in a discriminant function including S-T segment depression in lead CH2 during the exercise stress test and blood tests for cholesterol, follicle-stimulating hormone, and luteinizing hormone. This function correctly classified 84% of the estrogen-treated patients as patients with or without risk of a cardiovascular complication. Briefly stated, if patients with prostatic cancer are examined by means of exercise stress tests and blood tests for luteinizing hormone, cholesterol, and follicle-stimulating hormone prior to treatment, the  discriminant function enables the authors to identify an extremely high-risk group for cardiovascular complications if estrogen therapy is commenced. The strong association of an increased luteinizing hormone with cardiovascular complications during estrogen treatment makes it mandatory to investigate its role in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular events.
Maternal periodontal disease in early pregnancy and risk for a small-for-gestational-age infant; Objective: The objective of the study was to determine whether periodontal disease is associated with delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant. Study design: In a prospective study of oral health, periodontal disease was categorized as health, mild, or moderate/severe on the basis of clinical criteria. Small for gestational age was defined as birth weight less than the 10th percentile for gestational age. A risk ratio (95th percentile confidence interval) for a small-for-gestational-age infant among women with moderate or severe periodontal disease was calculated. Results: Sixty-seven of 1017 women (6.6%) delivered a small-for-gestational-age infant, and 143 (14.3%) had moderate or severe periodontal disease. The small-for-gestational-age rate was higher among women with moderate or severe periodontal disease, compared with those with health or mild disease (13.8% versus 3.2% versus 6.5%, P < .001). Moderate or severe periodontal disease was associated with a small-for-gestational-age infant, a risk ratio of 2.3 (1.1 to 4.7), adjusted for age, smoking, drugs, marital and insurance Status, and pre-eclampsia. Conclusion: Moderate or severe periodontal disease early in pregnancy is associated with delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant. Understanding the mechanism of periodontal disease-associated adverse pregnancy outcomes Could lead to interventions to improve fetal growth. (c) 2006 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Nitric oxide and oxidative stress in atherosclerotic renovascular hypertension: Effect of endovascular treatment; PURPOSE: Because activation of the renin-angiotensin system leads to an increase in oxidative stress, the authors investigated nitric oxide (NO; nitrite + nitrate), superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase, and malondialdehyde (MDA) levels and the effect of endovascular treatment on these parameters in patients with atherosclerotic renovascular hypertension. The relationship of NO with blood pressure and renal functional indexes was also investigated. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this prospective cohort study, serum creatinine, NO, SOD, catalase, plasma MDA, urinary microalbumin, and NO levels, and blood pressure were determined in 21 patients with hypertension and unilateral renal artery stenosis caused by atherosclerosis at entry and after 24 hours, 2 weeks, and 6 weeks of endovascular treatment. RESULTS: MDA concentrations decreased 24 hours after intervention and remained low 2 and 6 weeks later. In addition, serum SOD and NO and urine NO levels were increased significantly 24 hours after endovascular treatment and decreased after 2 and 6 weeks. However, serum catalase levels did not differ after the intervention. Blood pressures decreased after treatment. There were no significant differences in urinary microalbumin levels, estimated glomerular filtration rates, and creatinine levels after endovascular treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Endovascular treatment decreases oxidative stress and may offer new benefits in the treatment of patients with hypertension associated with renal artery stenosis. The decrease in oxidative stress and/or the upregulation of SOD may increase the bioavailability of NO, which in turn may lead to the rapid hypotensive response.
Alternate-Day Statin Therapy for the Treatment of Hyperlipidemia; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the safety, efficacy, and cost of alternate-day statin therapy in the treatment of hyperlipidemia. DATA SOURCES: Systematic searches were conducted for primary literature sources involving alternative statin regimens using PubMed, EMBASE, Google Scholar, and International Pharmaceutical Abstracts (January 1966 March 2010). Articles selected were limited to those published in the English language. Reference citations from relevant publications identified were also reviewed. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: All English-language articles identified were reviewed and 17 trials (14 prospective and 3 retrospective) involving alternate-day statin dosing were included. Studies involving alternative statin dosing regimens other than alternating days were excluded from this review. DATA SYNTHESIS: Daily administration of statins is the standard of therapy used to reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels as well as atherosclerosis that may lead to coronary events. Through LDL-C lowering and pleiotropic effects, statins decrease cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Unfortunately, due to cost and adverse effects of statins, some patients are nonadherent to statin therapy. Several small studies have found alternate-day statin therapy to be as effective at reducing LDL-C as daily administration, while also lowering the incidence of adverse reactions and potentially lowering cost. CONCLUSIONS: Alternate-day statin therapy may decrease cost and therapy-limiting adverse reactions while potentially increasing regimen adherence and positively affecting the lipid panel. Further research is needed to determine whether this alternative regimen produces similar cardiovascular outcomes as those with daily statin therapy.
Is Isolated Aphasia Associated with Atrial Fibrillation? A Prospective Study; Background: A cardioembolic source, usually atrial fibrillation (AF), is detected in 14-30% of strokes. If AF is found, anticoagulation therapy provides a substantial decrease of the risk of recurrent cerebrovascular ischemic events. AF is often paroxysmal, and extensive diagnostic procedures may be necessary to detect it in patients. Considering cost-effectiveness and patient burden, however, not every suspected patient can be thoroughly screened. Therefore, the identification of risk factors for AF may be helpful. Previous studies have identified isolated aphasia as a risk factor for AF as the cause of the stroke. These studies, however, were performed with small population samples, in a retrospective setting or focused on a specific subtype of aphasia. The aim of this observational study is to prospectively evaluate whether there is a relation between isolated aphasia and AF as the cause of cerebrovascular ischemia. Methods: All patients admitted to the Atrium Medical Centre, Heerlen, the Netherlands, with cerebrovascular ischemia or transient ischemic attack in the period of August 2009 to March 2010 or October 2013 to January 2014 were included. The patients were evaluated by a neurologist and admitted to the Brain Care Unit for 24-48 h. Medical history, physical examination and diagnostic results were entered in a database. A diagnosis of isolated aphasia was assigned at admission using the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS). Presence of AF was determined using a 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) on admission and continuous ECG monitoring for 1-2 days. During admission, aphasia tests were done, notably the ScreeLing Test and the Boston Naming Test. Data were analyzed using Pearson's chi 2 test, Fisher's exact test, the Mann-Whitney U test and univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses. Results: A total of 347 patients were included, of which 115 (33.1%) met the criteria for aphasia, with 26 (7.5%) meeting the criteria for isolated aphasia. Of all patients, 90 had a his-tory of AF (66.7%) or AF was found during hospitalization (33.3%). Patients with AF, in contrast to those without, tended to present more often with any type of aphasia (41.1 vs. 30.4%) and isolated aphasia (10.0 vs. 6.6%), but these differences were not significant. A significant relation was found between global aphasia and AF (p = 0.011). Patients with AF scored significantly lower on the ScreeLing Test alone and on both aphasia tests together (p = 0.034). A history of transient ischemic attack significantly increased the risk for isolated aphasia (OR 2.66, 95% CI 1.09-6.47). Conclusions: A statistically significant relation between isolated aphasia and AF could not be established in this study. However, our results showed a tendency towards significance. Further studies, in which rhythm is observed for a longer period of time, may be required to confirm this hypothesis. (C) 2014 S. Karger AG, Basel
Coronary Artery Calcium in Relation to Initiation and Continuation of Cardiovascular Preventive Medications The Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA); Background-Whether measuring and reporting of coronary artery calcium scores (CACS) might lead to changes in cardiovascular risk management is not established. In this observational study, we examined whether high baseline CACS were associated with the initiation as well continuation of new lipid-lowering medication (LLM), blood pressure-lowering medication (BPLM), and regular aspirin (ASA) use in a multi-ethnic population-based cohort. Methods and Results-The Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA) is a prospective cohort study of 6814 participants free of clinical cardiovascular disease at entry who underwent CAC testing at baseline examination (examination 1). Information on LLM, BPLM, and regular ASA usage was also obtained at baseline and at exams 2 and 3 (average of 1.6 and 3.2 years after baseline, respectively). In this study, we examined (1) initiation of these medications at examination 2 among participants not taking these medications at baseline; and (2) continuation of medication use to examination 3 among participants already on medication at baseline. Among MESA participants, initiation of LLM, BPLM, and ASA was greater in those with higher CACS. After taking into account age, sex, race, MESA site, LDL cholesterol, diabetes mellitus, body mass index, smoking status, hypertension, systolic blood pressure, and socioeconomic status (income, education, and health insurance), the risk ratios for medication initiation comparing those with CACS >400 versus CACS = 0 were 1.53 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.08, 2.15) for LLM, 1.55 (95% CI, 1.10 to 2.17) for BPLM, and 1.32 (95% CI, 1.03 to 1.69) for ASA initiation, respectively. The risk ratios for medication continuation among those with CAC >400 versus CACS = 0 were 1.10 (95% CI, 1.01 to 1.20) for LLM, 1.05 (95% CI, 1.02 to 1.08) for BPLM, and 1.14 (95% CI, 1.04 to 1.25) for ASA initiation, respectively. Conclusions-CACS >400 was associated with a higher likelihood of initiation and continuation of LLM, BPLM, and ASA. The association was weaker for continuation than for initiation of these preventive therapies. (Circ Cardiovasc Qual Outcomes. 2010; 3: 228-235.)
Cardiovascular RiskprofilE - IMaging and gender-specific disOrders (CREw-IMAGO): rationale and design of a multicenter cohort study; Background: Reproductive disorders, such as polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), primary ovarian insufficiency (POI) and hypertensive pregnancy disorders (HPD) like pre-eclampsia (PE), are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Detection of early signs of cardiovascular disease (CVD), as well as identification of risk factors among women of reproductive age which improve cardiovascular risk prediction, is a challenge and current models might underestimate long-term health risks. The aim of this study is to assess cardiovascular disease in patients with a history of a reproductive disorder by low-dose computed tomography (CT). Methods: Women of 45 - 55 years, who experienced a reproductive disorder (PCOS, POI, HPD), are invited to participate in this multicenter, prospective, cohort study. Women will be recruited after regular cardiovascular screening, including assessment of classical cardiovascular risk factors. CT of the coronary arteries (both coronary artery calcium scoring (CACS), and contrast-enhanced coronary CT angiography (CCTA)) and carotid siphon calcium scoring (CSC) is planned in 300 women with HPD and 300 women with PCOS or POI. In addition, arterial stiffness (non-invasive pulse wave velocity (PWV)) measurement and cell-based biomarkers (inflammatory circulating cells) will be obtained. Discussion: Initial inclusion is focused on women of 45 - 55 years. However, the age range (40 - 45 years and/or >= 55 years) and group composition may be adjusted based on the findings of the interim analysis. Participants can potentially benefit from information obtained in this study concerning their current cardiovascular health and expected future risk of cardiovascular events. The results of this study will provide insights in the development of CVD in women with a history of reproductive disorders. Ultimately, this study may lead to improved cardiovascular prediction models and will provide an opportunity for timely adjustment of preventive strategies. Limitations of this study include the possibility of overdiagnosis and the average radiation dose of 3.5 mSv during coronary and carotid siphon CT, although the increased lifetime malignancy risk is negligible.
The future of simulation technologies for complex cardiovascular procedures; Changing work practices and the evolution of more complex interventions in cardiovascular medicine are forcing a paradigm shift in the way doctors are trained. Implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD), trasncatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI), carotid artery stenting (CAS), and acute stroke intervention procedures are forcing these changes at a faster pace than in other disciplines. As a consequence, cardiovascular medicine has had to develop a sophisticated understanding of precisely what is meant by 'training' and 'skill'. An evolving conclusion is that procedure training on a virtual reality (VR) simulator presents a viable current solution. These simulations should characterize the important performance characteristics of procedural skill that have metrics derived and defined from, and then benchmarked to experienced operators (i.e. level of proficiency). Simulation training is optimal with metric-based feedback, particularly formative trainee error assessments, proximate to their performance. In prospective, randomized studies, learners who trained to a benchmarked proficiency level on the simulator performed significantly better than learners who were traditionally trained. In addition, cardiovascular medicine now has available the most sophisticated virtual reality simulators in medicine and these have been used for the roll-out of interventions such as CAS in the USA and globally with cardiovascular society and industry partnered training programmes. The Food and Drug Administration has advocated the use of VR simulation as part of the approval of new devices and the American Board of Internal Medicine has adopted simulation as part of its maintenance of certification. Simulation is rapidly becoming a mainstay of cardiovascular education, training, certification, and the safe adoption of new technology. If cardiovascular medicine is to continue to lead in the adoption and integration of simulation, then, it must take a proactive position in the development of metric-based simulation curriculum, adoption of proficiency benchmarking definitions, and then resolve to commit resources so as to continue to lead this revolution in physician training.
Novel method for intraoperative assessment of cerebral autoregulation by paced breathing; Background. Cerebral autoregulation (CA) is the mechanism that maintains constancy of cerebral blood flow (CBF) despite variations in blood pressure (BP). Patients with attenuated CA have been shown to have an increased incidence of peri-operative stroke. Studies of CA in anaesthetized subjects are rare, because a simple and non-invasive method to quantify the integrity of CA is not available. In this study, we set out to improve non-invasive quantification of CA during surgery. For this purpose, we introduce a novel method to amplify spontaneous BP fluctuations during surgery by imposing mechanical positive pressure ventilation at three different frequencies and quantify CA from the resulting BP oscillations. Methods. Fourteen patients undergoing sevoflurane anaesthesia were included in the study. Continuous non-invasive BP and transcranial Doppler-derived CBF velocity (CBFV) were obtained before surgery during 3 min of paced breathing at 6, 10, and 15 bpm and during surgery from mechanical positive pressure ventilation at identical frequencies. Data were analysed using frequency domain analysis to obtain CBFV-to-BP phase lead as a continuous measure of CA efficacy. Group averages were calculated. Values are means (sd), and P < 0.05 was used to indicate statistical significance. Results. Preoperative vs intraoperative CBFV-to-BP phase lead was 43 (9) vs 45 (8)A degrees, 25 (8) vs 24 (10)A degrees, and 4 (6) vs -2 (12)A degrees during 6, 10, and 15 bpm, respectively (all P=NS). Conclusions. During surgery, cerebral autoregulation indices were similar to values determined before surgery. This indicates that CA can be quantified reliably and non-invasively using this novel method and confirms earlier evidence that CA is unaffected by sevoflurane anaesthesia. Clinical trial registration. NCT03071432.
A pragmatic implementation of a 6-day physiotherapy service in a mixed inpatient rehabilitation unit; Purpose: This study determined the impact of a pragmatic 6-day physiotherapy service on length of stay, functional independence, gait and balance in people undergoing inpatient rehabilitation, compared to a 5-day service.Method: A prospective cohort study with historical comparison was undertaken in a mixed inpatient rehabilitation unit. Intervention period participants (2011) meeting inclusion criteria were eligible for a 6-day physiotherapy service. All other participants, including the historical cohort (2010) received usual care (5-day physiotherapy). Length of stay, functional independence, gait and balance performance were measured.Results: A total of 536 individuals participated in this study; 270 in 2011 (60% received 6-day physiotherapy) and 266 in 2010. Participants in 2011 showed a trend for reduced length of stay (1.7days, 95%CI -0.53 to 3.92) compared to 2010. Other measures showed no significant differences between cohorts. In 2011, those receiving 6-day physiotherapy were more dependent, but showed significantly improved functional independence and balance compared to those receiving 5-day physiotherapy (p<0.040) without impacting length of stay.Conclusion: Implementing a 6-day physiotherapy service in a real-world rehabilitation setting demonstrated a trend towards reduced length of stay, and improved functional gains. This service could lead to cost-savings for hospitals and improved patient flow.Implications for RehabilitationReal-world implementation of a 6-day physiotherapy service in rehabilitation shows a trend for reducing length of stay.This reduction in length of stay may lead to cost-savings for the hospital system, and improve patient flow into rehabilitation.Patients receiving 6-day physiotherapy made significant gains in balance and functional independence compared to patients receiving 5-day physiotherapy services in the rehabilitation setting.
Favorable Effect of Sympathetic Nervous Activity on Rehabilitation Outcomes in Frail Elderly; Objectives: Previous studies have suggested the relationship between physical function, mortality, and autonomic nervous activity in frail elderly and that maintaining sympathetic nervous activity might lead to improved physical function and mortality in the elderly population. The aim of this study was to investigate the utility of sympathetic nervous activity measured by heart rate variability in frail elderly patients undergoing inpatient rehabilitation, further focusing the nervous activity on the effect of rehabilitation therapy. Design: Prospective cohort study. Participants: Sixty-one subjects aged 75 years or older were recruited after treatment of acute phase illness. Measurements: Before undergoing rehabilitation, data of 24-hour Holter monitoring and a blood venous sample were obtained. From RR intervals in the electrocardiogram, heart rate and SDs of all NN intervals in all 5-minute segments of the entire recording, power spectral density, low frequency (LF), high frequency (HF), and low frequency/high frequency (LF/HF) were calculated. Functional Independence Measure (FIM) and Barthel index were used to measure physical function. Results: FIM score and Barthel index were 46.8 +/- 25.4 and 32.8 +/- 31.7, respectively. Serum total protein, albumin, hemoglobin, and total cholesterol were all significantly related to FIM score and Barthel index before rehabilitation. Heart rate variability indices did not show a significant relationship with physical function, whereas the high LH/HF group showed significant improvement in physical function compared with the low LH/HF group. Moreover, LF/HF frequency was a predictive factor for improvement of physical function after 2 months of rehabilitation. Conclusion: A favorable effect of preserved LF/HF on rehabilitation outcome was observed in elderly undergoing rehabilitation. Preservation of sympathetic nervous activity may lead to improved physical function in the elderly. (C) 2015 AMDA - The Society for Post-Acute and Long-Term Care Medicine.
Data from the StEP TWO programme showing the effect on blood pressure and different parameters for obesity in overweight and obese primary school children; Obesity in childhood, which is associated with cardiovascular risk factors such as hypertension, is on the increase. Countermeasures are necessary. In this paper, we present the baseline and final data from the StEP TWO programme, a prospective study to prevent over-weight and obesity in primary schools. Methods: We recorded and calculated, from 1689 children, anthropometric data, including analyses of bioelectric impedance, waist and hip circumferences, body mass index and its standard deviation, and the ratio of waist to hip. Blood pressure was measured after 5 minutes at rest. From the three schools involved in a programme of intervention, 121 children were invited to take part, and 40 (33.1 per cent) completed the programme. The effect was compared with 155 overweight and obese children identified at the 4 control schools. Results: 830 (49.5 per cent) boys and 848 girls (50.5 per cent) took part. Their mean age was 8.2 plus or minus 1.3 years, their height was 1.31 plus or minus 0.09 metres, they weighed 30.0 plus or minus 8.2 kilograms, and their mean index of body mass was 17.1 plus or minus 2.9 kilograms per metre squared. Of the children, 7.3 per cent were obese, 10.4 per cent were overweight, 75.7 per cent had normal weights, and 6.6 per cent were underweight. Resting hypertension was observed in 2.3 per cent of the children. Increased blood pressure was associated with a higher body weight, body mass index, standard deviation score for body mass index, and waist and hip circumferences (each p < 0.001), bur not with the ratio of waist to hip. Hypertension at rest was also found in 11.0 per cent of obese children, 4.4 per cent of those who were overweight, 1.2 per cent of those with normal weight, and 1.0 per cent of underweight children (p < 0.001). After the intervention, the increase of the body mass index tended to be lower in those in whom we had intervened (p = 0.069), and in these the decrease of the standard deviation score for body mass index was significantly higher (p = 0.028). Systolic blood pressure was reduced by about 10 millimetres of mercury in those in whom we had intervened (p = 0.002), while there were no changes in the control group. Diastolic blood pressure was lowered by 3 millimetres of mercury, but this was not significant. Conclusion: Obese children had the highest values for systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Increased levels of blood pressure are associated with other parameters of obesity, such as the circumference of the waist and hip. Early preventive measurements in childhood are necessary, and appropriate Intervention appears to be effective.
Patterns and diagnostic value of cardiac troponin I vs. troponin T and CKMB after OPCAB surgery; Background: Cardiac troponin I (cTnl) has been shown to be a specific marker for myocardial injury in cardiac surgery. The object of this prospective study was to determine the patterns and kinetic and diagnostic value of cTnl, cardiac troponin T (cTnT), and creatine kinase MB (CKMB) activity after minimally invasive coronary revascularization using an octopus device on the beating heart (OPCAB). Methods: 48 patients (33 male/15 female, mean age 68.3 +/- 8.7 years) underwent their first elective OPCAB surgery with median sternotomy without mortality. The mean number of grafts was 2.0 +/-0.8 per patient. Preoperative mean ejection fraction was 56.6% +/- 14.9%. CTnl and T levels, total creatine kinase (CK) and CK-MB activity in the serum were measured before operation, at arrival at the ICU, and 6, 12, 24, 48 and 120 hours afterward. Serial 12-lead ECGs were recorded preoperatively and at days 1, 2 and 5. The relationship between perioperative data and postoperative cTnl and cTnT levels and CKMB were statistically identified for all variables, Results: The best cutoff value for cTnl was 8.35 mug/l. The patients were grouped by the ECG findings and maximal slopes of cTnl postoperatively (group I: unchanged ECG and cTnl<8.35 <mu>g/l, n=38; group II: unchanged ECG and cTnl >8.35 mug/l n = 6; group III: Q-wave in ECG and cTnl >8.35 mug/l, n=4). Baseline serum concentrations of cTnl were in the normal range, and significantly increased after surgery with a peak 24 h after the operation. Maximal slopes of cTnl ranged in group I between 9.1 and 18.0 mug/l, and in group III between 35.9 and 88.8 mug/l. There was a strong concordance between maximum cTnl, cTnT (p<0.0001) and CK-MB levels (p=0.003). First cTnl levels immediately post-op correlated with the maximum cTnl levels during the postoperative course (p=0.009). Conclusions: CTnl after minimal invasive surgery shows a characteristic pattern with a maximum at 24 h after the operation. The measurement of postoperative biochemical marker concentrations, specially cTnl, reflects myocardial injury incurred during the procedure. It is an accurate method for confirming or excluding a perioperative myocardial injury diagnosis after OPCAB surgery.
INITIAL ECG ACQUISITION WITHIN 10 MINUTES OF ARRIVAL AT THE EMERGENCY DEPARTMENT IN PERSONS WITH CHEST PAIN: TIME AND GENDER DIFFERENCES; Introduction: The American Heart Association recommends all patients presenting to the emergency department with complaints of chest pain/anginal equivalent symptoms receive an initial ECG within 10 minutes of presentation. The Synthesized Twelve-lead ST Monitoring & Real-time Tele-electrocardiography (ST SMART) study is a prospective randomized clinical trial that enrolls all subjects who call 911 for ischemic complaints in Santa Cruz County, California. ST SMART is a 5-year study ending in 2008. The primary aim of the ST SMART study is to determine whether subjects who receive prehospital ECG have more timely hospital intervention and better outcomes. Objective: The aims of this secondary analysis of a subset of ST SMART study data were to determine (1) the rate of adherence to the American Heart Association goal in smaller community hospitals in less populous areas of receiving initial hospital ECG within the recommended 10 minutes and (2) whether there were gender differences in meeting this goal. Methods: The dataset included patients 30 years of age and older who were transported by ambulance to 1 of 2 rural hospitals in Santa Cruz County. All patients received an initial hospital ECG after arrival at the emergency department. Results: In this analysis of 425 patients (mean age, 70.4 years; 53% male), the mean time for all patients from ED arrival to initial ECG was 43 minutes (+/-145). The mean time to initial ECG was 34 minutes (+/-125) in male patients versus 53 minutes (+/-165) in female patients (Mann-Whitney test, P = .001). Forty-one percent of all patients presenting with ischemic symptoms received an initial ECG within 10 minutes of arrival. Forty-nine percent of male patients versus 32% of female patients received an initial ECG in 10 minutes or less (Fisher exact test, P = .000). Conclusion: In this analysis, the majority of patients with ischemic symptoms did not receive an ECG within 10 minutes of hospital presentation as recommended in evidence-based guidelines. There is a significant delay in door to time-to-ECG for women. ED nurses are in a unique position to initiate efforts to establish processes to decrease time to initial ECG for patients with ischemic symptoms. Attention to timely ECG acquisition in women may improve treatment of acute coronary syndromes in this group.
From <i>in utero</i> and childhood exposure to parental smoking to childhood cancer:: a possible link and the need for action; The objective of the present work is to critically summarize published studies and reassess the state of knowledge on a highly controversial topic: the potential association between prenatal exposure to passive smoking as well as maternal active smoking and postnatal exposure to environmental tobacco smoke (ETS) and enhanced incidence of childhood cancer. Elements to be considered include the substantial proportion of pregnant women who remain smokers, the widespread nature of exposure to ETS during pregnancy as well as during childhood, the known toxicology of tobacco smoke, and in particular sidestream smoke, characterized by a rich carcinogen content, the specific metabolism of foetuses and new-borns and finally the amount of epidemiologic data already available. We conducted a thorough review of the literature to identify studies either exclusively dealing with the effects of passive smoking on the occurrence of childhood cancers or more generally etiologic studies of cancer, be it overall or site-specific. We identified close to 50 publications presenting pertinent results from epidemiological investigations and about 50 more on mechanisms and metabolism, smoking in pregnancy and exposure to ETS as well as selected reviews and commentaries. Collaborative epidemiological studies were conducted in the United Kingdom (UK), USA, Sweden, Netherlands and internationally (France, Italy). In addition, other studies were also available from the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, Sweden, Italy, Denmark and People's Republic of China. The vast majority were case-control studies dealing with all cancers, leukaemia and lymphomas, central nervous system (CNS) tumours, Wilms' tumour, retinoblastoma, neuroblastoma, hepatoblastoma, rhabdomyosarcoma, bone and soft tissues tumours, germ cell tumours, as well as specific histological types of leukaemias, lymphomas or CNS tumours. No strong association between maternal smoking in pregnancy and/or exposure to ETS and childhood cancer is found. Yet, several studies found slightly increased relative risks, generally smaller than 1.5, i.e. the order of magnitude associated with some recognized hazards of exposure to ETS (1.2 to 1.3 for adult lung cancer and cardiovascular diseases). Tumours most often found associated with maternal smoking in pregnancy or ETS exposure are childhood brain tumours and leukaemia-lymphoma, with risks up to two or greater in selected studies. In a few studies, risks associated with paternal smoking are higher than the maternal ones. This evidence from human studies coupled with demonstration of genotoxic effects on the foetus of exposure to metabolites of tobacco smoke, and demonstrable presence of adducts should lead to strong recommendations aiming at fully protecting foetuses, new-borns and infants from tobacco smoke.
PLASMA-CATECHOLAMINE CONCENTRATIONS AFTER SUCCESSFUL RESUSCITATION IN PATIENTS; Objectives. To measure plasma catecholamine concentrations after cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and to correlate catecholamine concentrations with heart rate (HR), BP, and plasma glucose and lactate concentrations. Design: Prospective, descriptive study. Setting: Emergency medical service at a University Hospital. Patients: Ten patients (58 to 85 yrs) with out-of-hospital cardiac arrest. Interventions: At 1, 5, 15, 30, and 60 mins after restoration of spontaneous circulation, blood samples were drawn and BP and HR were measured.Plasma catecholamine concentrations were measured by high-pressure liquid chromatography and plasma glucose and lactate concentrations were measured by enzymatic methods. Main Results: Median plasma epinephrine and norepinephrine concentrations were 136.3-mu-g/L (136,300 pg/mL), range 27.6 to 397.6-mu-g/L (27,600 to 397,600 pg/mL), and 4.7-mu-g/L (4700 pg/mL), range 1.8 to 14.5-mu-g/L (1 800 to 14,500 pg/mL), respectively, at 1 min. Median plasma epinephrine and norepinephrine concentrations decreased to 8.7-mu-g/L (8700 pg/mL), range 1.2 to 55.0-mu-g/L (1200 to 55,000 pg/mL) and 1.9-mu-g/L (1900 pg/mL), range 1.3 to 5.8-mu-g/L (1300 to 5800 pg/mL), respectively, at 60 mins after restoration of spontaneous circulation.  Epinephrine concentrations decayed with a semilogarithmic decay pattern. The half-life for the alpha-phase was 2.2 mins and was 38.7 mins for the beta-phase. Mean values of systolic arterial pressure were between 136 +/- 23 mm Hg at 1 min and 120 +/- 15 mm Hg at 30 mins. Median plasma glucose concentrations were between 8.2 mmol/L (147.7 mg/dL; range 5.8 to 11.2 mmol/L [104.5 to 201.8 mg/dL]) at 1 min and 13.9 mmol/L (250.4 mg/dL; range 9.7 to 16.6 mmol/L [174.8 to 299.1 mg(dL]) at 30 mins. Lactate values were between 11.4 mmol/L (range 4.7 to 16.5) at 1 min and 5.2 mmol/L (range 2.7 to 12.5) at 60 mins. No significant correlations were found between circulating catecholamine concentrations and the other variables. Conclusions: After CPR, plasma catecholamine concentrations remained at high values but they did not lead to increases in BP, HR, or circulating glucose concentrations.
Rationale and Design of the PREVENT-HIT Study: A Randomized, Open-Label Pilot Study to Compare Desirudin and Argatroban in Patients With Suspected Heparin-Induced Thrombocytopenia With or Without Thrombosis; Background: Desirudin, a bivalent direct thrombin inhibitor (DTI), is approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for the prevention of deep vein thrombosis, which may lead to pulmonary embolism, in patients undergoing elective hip replacement surgery. It became available in the United States in March 2010. Objective: The goal of the present article was to provide an overview of the rationale and design of the PREVENT-HIT study, a randomized, prospective, open-label, active drug controlled, exploratory trial comparing the clinical and economic utility of desirudin versus argatroban in patients with suspected heparin-induced thrombocytopenia (HIT), with or without thrombosis. Summary: The PREVENT-HIT study was designed to enroll similar to 120 patients from 20 to 25 US centers. All eligible patients were required to be aged >= 18 years. Patients with suspected HIT with or without thrombosis were divided into 2 treatment arms and randomized to receive treatment with desirudin or argatroban in a 1:1 ratio using a block randomization method. Arm A comprised patients who were naive to DTI therapy; arm B included patients whose condition was previously stabilized with intravenous argatroban. Desirudin was administered as a fixed-dose injection (15 or 30 mg SC q12h in patients without or with thrombosis, respectively). Argatroban was administered by continuous intravenous infusion in accordance with approved prescribing information or institutional prescribing guidelines at each study site. The primary efficacy outcome measure included the occurrence of any of the following up to 30 days after study drug discontinuation: new-onset or worsening thrombosis requiring discontinuation of study drug; amputation; or all-cause mortality. Other outcomes that were assessed included platelet recovery, bleeding, and pharmacoeconomic parameters. In addition, adverse events and other safety parameters were evaluated. Study enrollment began in November 2008 and ended in December 2009 due to slow enrollment (N = 16). The study results will be published separately. Conclusion: The results from the PREVENT-HIT study should enhance understanding of the comparative clinical and economic utility of desirudin and argatroban in patients with HIT with or without thrombosis. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT00787332. (Clin Ther. 2010;32:626-636) (C) 2010 Excerpta Medica Inc.
Electrocardiographic indicators of acute coronary syndrome are more common in patients with ambulance transport compared to those who self-transport to the emergency department journal of electrocardiology; Introduction: The American Heart Association recommends individuals with symptoms suggestive of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) activate the Emergency Medical Services' (EMS) 911 system for ambulance transport to the emergency department (ED), which enables treatment to begin prior to hospital arrival. Despite this recommendation, the majority of patients with symptoms suspicious of ACS continue to self-transport to the ED. The IMMEDIATE MM study was a prospective study that enrolled individuals who presented to the ED with ischemic symptoms. Objectives: The purpose of this secondary analysis was to determine differences in patients presenting the ED for possible ACS who arrive by ambulance versus self-transport on: 1) time-to-initial hospital electrocardiogram (ECG), 2) presence of ischemic ECG changes, and 3) patient characteristics. Methods: Initial 12-lead ECGs acquired upon patient arrival to the ED were evaluated for ST-elevation, ST-depression, and T-wave inversion. ECG signs of ischemia were analyzed both individually and collapsed into an independent dichotomous variable (ED ECG ischemia yes/no) for statistical analysis. Patient characteristics tested included: gender, age, race, ethnicity, English speaking, living alone, mode of transport, and presenting symptoms (chest pain, jaw pain, shortness of breath, nausea/vomiting, syncope, and clinical history). Results: In 1299 patients (mean age 63.9, 46.7% male), 384 (29.6%) patients arrived by ambulance to the ED. The mean time-to-initial ECG was 47 minutes for ambulance patients versus 53 minutes for self-transport patients (p < 0.001). Mode of transport was found to be an independent predictor for time-to-initial ECG controlling for age, gender, and race (p = 0.004). There were significantly higher rates of ECG changes of ischemia for patients who arrived by ambulance versus self-transport (p = 0.02), and patient characteristics differed by mode of transport to the ED. Discussion: Our findings indicate that less than 30% of individuals with symptoms of ACS activate the EMS '911' system for ambulance transport to the El/ Individuals more likely to activate 911 have timelier ECG but higher rates of ischemic changes, specifically ST-depression and T-wave inversion. Individuals least likely to activate 911 are women, younger individuals, Latino ethnicity, live with a significant other, and those experiencing chest or jaw pain. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Functional evaluation of the lung resection candidate; Advances in operative technique and perioperative care have considerably reduced surgical morbidity and mortality after pulmonary resections. Various single and combined parameters of functional operability have been proposed to assess the surgical risk. Pulmonary function tests adequately assess the pulmonary risk, and baseline or stress electrocardiography, echocardiography and nuclear cardiac studies assess the cardiac risk. Patients with normal or only slightly impaired pulmonary function (forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) and transfer factor of the lung for carbon monoxide (TL,CO) greater than or equal to 80% of predicted) and no cardiovascular risk factors can undergo pulmonary resections up to a pneumonectomy without further investigation. For others, exercise testing, pulmonary split-function studies, or a combination of these two methods are recommended. Exercise testing, most frequently performed as a symptom-limited test with the measurement of maximal oxygen uptake (V'O-2,max), assesses both the pulmonary and cardiovascular reserves. A V'O-2,max of <10 mL.kg(-1).min(-1) is generally considered prohibitive for any resection, a value of >20 mL.kg(-1).min(-1) or >75% of predicted normal, safe for major resections. Split-function studies are radionuclide-based estimations of the predicted postoperative (ppo) values of various parameters. The currently used ppo-parameters are FEV1-ppo, TL,CO-ppo and, most recently, V'O-2,max-ppo. Suggested cut-off values for safe resection are: for FEV1-ppo and TL,CO-ppo greater than or equal to 40% pred; and for V'O-2,max greater than or equal to 35% pred, combined with an absolute value of greater than or equal to 10 mL.kg(-1).min(-1). The lowest acceptable ppo-values will still have to be established by additional prospective studies. In the long-term, resections involving not more than one lobe usually lead to an early functional deficit followed by later recovery. The permanent functional loss in pulmonary function is small (less than or equal to 10%) and exercise capacity is only slightly reduced or not at all. Pneumonectomy, on the other hand, leads to an early permanent loss of about 33% in pulmonary function and 20% in exercise capacity. Thus, pulmonary function tests alone overestimate the functional loss after lung resection.
Surgical indications in non-traumatic intracerebral hemorrhage; Introduction and objective. The treatment of non-traumatic intracerebral hemorrhage is one of the therapeutic challenges at the present time. In spite of present-day technology and advances in understanding its physiopathology, the prognosis is the same as it was fifteen years ago. We review the surgical treatments used to date and their results, and describe new approaches to investigation so as to try to establish the most suitable surgical indications. Development. To date six randomized studies have been done to evaluate surgical treatment as compared with conservative treatment of intracerebral hemorrhage. There is no clear evidence that surgical treatment is better than conservative management. Recent investigations in this field consider cerebral bloodflow, oedema and the degradation products of blood. Conclusions. Indications for surgery in intracerebral hemorrhage are: a) cerebral hemorrhage >3 cm, with neurological deterioration or with signs of compression of the brainstem and hydrocephalis due to obstruction of the ventricle; b) hemorrhage associated with an anatomical lesion such as an aneurysm, arteriovenous malformation or cavernous angioma, when the prognosis of the patient is good and the lesion is surgically accessible; c) a young patient with a moderate or large lobular hemorrhage; d) it is recommended that surgery. when applicable, be undertaken during the first 12 hours after onset of the condition; e) when surgery is used, stereotaxic surgery may lead to better results.
PROSPECTIVE-STUDY OF SENTINEL HEADACHE IN ANEURYSMAL SUBARACHNOID HEMORRHAGE; Retrospective surveys of patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage suggest that minor episodes with sudden headache (warning leaks) may precede rupture of an aneurysm, and that early recognition and surgery might lead to improved outcome. We studied 148 patients with sudden and severe headache (possible sentinel headache) seen by 252 general practitioners in a 5-year period in the Netherlands. Subarachnoid haemorrhage was the cause in 37 patients (25%) (proven aneurysm in 21, negative angiogram in 6, no angiogram done in 6, sudden headache followed by death in 4). 103 patients had headache as the only symptom, 12 of whom proved to have subarachnoid haemorrhage (6 with a ruptured aneurysm). Previous bouts of sudden headache had occurred in only 2. Other serious neurological conditions were diagnosed in 18. In the remaining 93, no underlying cause of headache was found; follow-up over 1 year showed no subsequent subarachnoid haemorrhage or sudden death. In this cohort, acute, severe headache in general practice indicated a serious neurological disorder in 37% (95% CI 29-45%), and subarachnoid haemorrhage in 25% (18-32%). 12% (5-18%) of those with headache as the only symptom. The notion of warning leaks as a less serious variant of subarachnoid haemorrhage is not supported by this study. Early recognition of subarachnoid haemorrhage is important but will probably have only limited impact on the outcome in the general population.
Continuous Positive Airway Pressure Treatment Reduces Mortality in Elderly Patients with Moderate to Severe Obstructive Severe Sleep Apnea: A Cohort Study; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is much more prevalent in older people than in middle-aged or young populations, and has been associated with cardiovascular disease. Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is the first-line therapy for OSA, but its long-term clinical benefit in the elderly is unclear. Here, we carried out a prospective cohort study to explore the survival rate and incidence of cardiovascular events in elderly patients with moderate to severe OSA who did or did not receive CPAP treatment. The study included 130 patients (104 male, 26 female; mean age: 77.8 +/- 6.2 years) who were followed up for a mean of 5 +/- 2.54 years (range, 1-8 years). Thirty-six patients received CPAP and 88 had no CPAP. The results showed that mortality in the untreated group (21.6%) was significantly higher than in the CPAP group (5.6%). Kaplan-Meier survival analysis showed that the survival rate in the CPAP group was 94.4%, which was markedly higher than the rate of 78.4% in the untreated group. The incidence of cardiovascular events was 13.9% in the CPAP group and 55.7% in the untreated group. The present study provides evidence that CPAP can reduce mortality in older patients with moderate to severe OSA, and lead to a good long-term prognosis. The study also indicates that death in older OSA patients is associated with cardiovascular disease and diabetes.
A randomized trial comparing two different approaches of pacemaker selection; Aims DDD-pacemakers are favoured in patients with sick-sinus-syndrome or AV-block. However, AAI-pacemakers for sick-sinus-syndrome or VDD-pacemakers for AV-block may provide similar benefit with tower costs. The aim is to show that a tailored approach (TA) with arrhythmia-specific pacemaker selection was equal to a standard approach (SA) regarding quality of life (QoL) at lower costs. Methods and results The study was prospective and randomized with QoL as primary endpoint. Secondary endpoints were a combined endpoint of all-cause mortality, worsening heart failure or angina, atrial, fibrillation (AF), stroke, these endpoints individually and costs. Of 198 patients (age 77 +/- 10 years, 43% female, ejection fraction 54 +/- 12%, follow-up 38 +/- 15 months), 94 were randomized to SA and 104 to TA. Thirty-two patients (34%) died in the SA group vs. 25 (24%) in the TA (P = ns). QoL showed no differences in all dimensions. The combined secondary endpoint was reached more frequently with SA (51%) compared to TA (37%, P = 0.045). There was no difference regarding all single secondary endpoints. Hardware costs were reduced by 15% (P < 0.0001). Conclusion In long-term follow-up, a TA is equal to SA regarding the primary endpoint QoL and secondary endpoints as AF and mortality. Depending on the healthcare system, it may significantly reduce costs.
Hematoma Expansion: Clinical and Molecular Predictors and Corresponding Pharmacological Treatment; Background: Hematoma expansion is a detrimental event of intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) which results in progressive neurologic deteriorations and poor outcomes. Objective: To summariz the current understanding of the mechanisms underlying hematoma expansion and discuss the potential approaches of treatment and prevention. Results: Although the exact mechanism of hematoma expansion is unclear, accumulating evidences suggest that multiple clinical markers such as coagulation/hemostasis dysfunction, higher blood pressure and BRAIN scores, higher serum glucose and/or glycosylated hemoglobin A1c, serum creatinine, Factor XIII and international normalized ratio (INR), lower serum cholesterol or LDL cholesterol, and fibrinogen, may be correlated with incidents of hematoma expansion. Furthermore, activation of several molecular pathways (i.e. plasma kallikrein, von Willebrand factor, N-methyl-Daspartate and its receptor, cytokines/adipokines, cellular fibronectin and apolipoprotein E epsilon 2 allele) may lead to hematoma expansion. Conclusion: Prospective study for hematoma expansion How to predict the patients Who are at highest risk of hematoma expansion is more challengeable than restricting hematoma expansion itself following acute ICH. Seeking and detecting risk markers in plasma that can be intervened appropriately is meaningful for patients with potential hematoma expansion, which may contribute to improve clinical outcomes in patients suffering from ICH.
Evaluation study of congestive heart failure and pulmonary artery catheterization effectiveness - The ESCAPE trial; Context Pulmonary artery catheters (PACs) have been used to guide therapy in multiple settings, but recent studies have raised concerns that PACs may lead to increased mortality in hospitalized patients. Objective To determine whether PAC use is safe and improves clinical outcomes in patients hospitalized with severe symptomatic and recurrent heart failure. Design, Setting, and Participants The Evaluation Study of Congestive Heart Failure and Pulmonary Artery Catheterization Effectiveness (ESCAPE) Was a randomized controlled trial of 433 patients at 26 sites conducted from January 18, 2000, to November 17, 2003. Patients were assigned to receive therapy guided by clinical assessment and a PAC or clinical assessment alone. The target in both groups was resolution of clinical congestion, with additional PAC targets of a pulmonary capillary wedge pressure of 15 mm Hg and a right atrial pressure of 8 mm Hg. Medications were not specified, but inotrope use was explicitly discouraged. Main Outcome Measures The primary end point was days alive out of the, hospital during the first 6 months, with secondary end points of exercise, quality of life, biochemical, and echocardiographic changes. Results Severity of illness was reflected by-the following values: average left ventricular ejection fraction, 19%; systolic blood pressure, 1,06 mm Hg; sodium,level, 137 mEq/L; urea nitrogen, 35 mg/dL (12.40 mmol/L); and creatinine, 1.5 mg/d. L (132.6 mu mol/L). Therapy in both groups led to substantial reduction in symptoms, jugular venous pressure, and edema. Use of the PAC did not significantly affect the primary end point of days alive and out of the hospital during the first 6 months (133 days vs 135 days; hazard ratio [HR], 1.00 [95% confidence interval {CI}, 0.82-1.1]; P = .99), mortality (43 patients [10%] vs 38 patients [9%]; odds ratio [OR], 1.26 [95% CI, 0.78-2.03]; P = .35), or the number of days hospitalized (8.7 vs 8.3; HR, 1.04 [95% CI, 0.86-1.27]; P = .67). In-hospital adverse events were more common among patients in the PAC group (47 [21.9%] vs 25 [11.5%]; P = .04). There were no deaths related to PAC use, and no difference for. in-hospital plus 30-day mortality (10 [4.7%] vs 11 [5.0%]; OR, 0.97 [95% CI, 0.38-2.22]; P = 37). Exercise and quality of life end points improved in both groups with a trend toward greater improvement with the PAC, which reached significance for the time trade-off at all time points after randomization. Conclusions Therapy to reduce volume overload during hospitalization for heart failure led to marked improvement in signs and symptoms of elevated filling pressures with or without the PAC. Addition of the PAC to careful clinical assessment increased anticipated adverse events, but did not affect overall mortality and hospitalization. Future trials should test noninvasive assessments with specific treatment strategies that could be used to better tailor therapy for both survival time and survival quality as valued by patients.
Association of FXII 5′UTR 46C&gt;T polymorphism with FXII activity and risk of thrombotic disease; Objective: Thrombotic diseases are caused by genetic and environmental factors. There are a number of well-characterized genetic defects that lead to increased risk of thrombosis. Results from previous studies have indicated that FXII is involved in the pathogenesis of thrombophilic diseases. However, the results in this regard are highly controversial. One of the most important determinants of Plasma FXII level is 46CgT polymorphism in the FXII gene. In the present study, the risk of thrombophilic diseases related to this polymorphism was investigated in a case-control study. Material and Methods: One hundred and sixty subjects were studied: 120 patients diagnosed with thrombophilia (96 venous thromboembolism, 24 arterial thrombosis), and 40 age-gender-matched controls. For each subject, FXII activity level was measured by a one-step clotting assay with FXII-deficient plasma, and 46C gamma T polymorphism was genotyped using a restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) method. Results: In this study, the previous observation that individuals with different genotypes for the 46 C gamma T polymorphism show significant differences in FXII activity levels was confirmed. Most importantly, FXII activity <= 68% was associated with an increased risk of venous thrombosis with an adjusted odds ratio (OR) of 4.7 (95% confidence interval [Cl]: 1.03-21.1, p=0.04). However, it was not a risk factor for arterial thrombosis with adjusted OR of 5 (95% Cl: 0.91-27.1, p=0.09). In CT and TT genotype, the adjusted ORs were 2 (95% Cl: 0.9-4.4, p=0.11) and 2.3 (95% Cl: 0.45-11, p=0.48), respectively, for patients with venous thrombosis compared with the controls. Similarly, the adjusted ORs in arterial thrombosis were 1.2 (95% Cl: 0.4-3.6, p=0.76) for CT and 1.8 (95% Cl: 0.2-14.9, p=0.59) for TT genotype. Thus, we did not find any association of the mutated T allele in the heterozygous or homozygous state with an increased risk of venous or arterial thrombosis. Conclusion: Lower FXII activity is not a risk factor; rather, it simply represents a risk marker for thrombosis. (Turk J Hematol 2010; 27: 15-9)
Cumulative dose of hypertension predicts outcome in intracranial hemorrhage better than American Heart Association guidelines; Background: Hypertension is common after intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) and may be associated with higher mortality and adverse neurologic outcome. The American Heart Association recommends that blood pressure be maintained at a mean arterial pressure (MAP) less than 130 mm Hg to prevent secondary brain injury. Objectives: To prospectively evaluate whether a new method of assessing hypertension in ICH more accurately identifies patients at risk for adverse outcomes. Methods: The authors prospectively studied all patients presenting to two University of California, San Francisco hospitals with acute ICH from June 1, 2001, to May 31, 2004. Factors related to acute hospitalization were recorded in a database, including all charted vital signs for the first 15 days. Patients were followed up for one year, with their modified Rankin Scale (mRS) score at 12 months as primary outcome. Hypertension dose was determined as the area under the curve between patient MAP and a cut point of 110 mm Hg while in the emergency department (ED). The dose was adjusted for time spent in the ED (dose/time(ed) [d/t(ed)]). Hypertension dose was divided into four categories (none, and progressive tertiles). Multivariate logistic regression was used to calculate the odds ratio for adverse mRS by tertiles of d/t(ed). Results: A total of 237 subjects with an ED average (+/- SD) length of stay of 3.42 (+/- 3.7) hours were enrolled. In a multivariate logistic regression model controlling for the effects of age, volume of hemorrhage, presence of intraventricular hemorrhage, race, and preexisting hypertension, there was a 4.7- and 6.1-fold greater likelihood of an adverse neurologic outcome (by mRS) at one and 12 months, respectively, in the highest d/t(ed) tertile relative to the referent group without hypertension. Conclusions: Hypertension after acute ICH is associated with adverse neurologic outcome. The dose of hypertension may more accurately identify patients at risk for adverse outcomes than the American Heart Association guidelines and may lead to better outcomes if treated when identified in this manner. ACADEMIC EMERGENCY MEDICINE 2007; 14:695-701 (c) 2007 by the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine.
Frequency, Determinants and Prognostic Implications of Infectious Complications After Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation; In-hospital infection (IHI) after transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI) has received little attention, although it may have a significant effect on outcomes and costs because of prolonged hospital stay. Therefore, the aim of this study was to determine the incidence, type, predictors, and prognostic effects of 1111 after TAVI. This study included 298 consecutive patients from 2 centers who underwent TAVI from November 2005 to November 2011. IHI during the hospital stay was defined on the basis of symptoms and signs assessed by the attending physician in the cardiac care unit or medium care unit in combination with all technical examinations performed to confirm infection. IHI after TAVI was observed in 58 patients (19.5%): urinary tract infections in 25 patients (43.1%), pneumonia in 12 patients (20.7%), and access-site infections in 7 patients (12.1%). In 12 patients (20.7%), the site of infection could not be determined, and 2 patients (3.4%) had multiple infection sites. Multivariate analysis revealed that surgical access through the femoral artery was the most important determinant of infection (odds ratio [OR] 4.18, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.02 to 17.19), followed by perioperative major stroke (OR 3.21, 95% CI 1.01 to 9.52) and overweight (body mass index >= 25 kg/m(2); OR.2.27, 95% CI 1.12 to 4.59). The length of hospital stay in patients with IHIs was 15.0 days (interquartile range 8.0 to 22.0) compared with 7.0 days (interquartile range 4.0 to 10.0) in patients without infections (p <0.0001). Kaplan-Meier estimates of survival at 1 year were 76.6% and 74.4% (log-rank, p = 0.61), respectively. Unadjusted and adjusted OR analysis revealed that IHI did not predict mortality at 30 days (OR 1.27, 95% CI 0.49 to 3.30) or at 1 year (hazard ratio 1.24, 95% CI 0.68 to 2.25). In conclusion, 1111 occurred in 19.5% of the patients. Patient-related and, more important, procedure-related variables play a role in the occurrence of infection, indicating that improvements in the execution of TAVI may lead to a reduction of this complication. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Lipoprotein lipase gene polymorphisms and the risk of target vessel revascularization after percutaneous coronary intervention; OBJECTIVES We sought to identify polymorphisms in genes that predispose to restenosis. BACKGROUND Variations in the lipoprotein lipase (LPL) gene have been implicated in a number of pathophysiologic conditions associated with coronary heart disease. The present study examines the impact of polymorphisms in the LPL gene on restenosis (defined by target vessel revascularization [TVR]) in a large patient population undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). A mouse model for restenosis was used to further investigate LPL's role in restenosis. METHODS The GENetic DEterminants of Restenosis (GENDER) project is a multicenter, prospective study design that enrolled 3,104 consecutive patients after successful PCI. These patients were genotyped for four different LPL gene polymorphisms. In apolipoprotein E (ApoE)*3-Leiden transgenic mice, arterial messenger ribonucleic acid (mRNA) was used to assess LPL expression during a cuff-induced restenotic process. RESULTS Using multivariable analysis, carriers of the 447Ter allele of the LPL enzyme showed a lower risk of TVR compared with 447Ser homozygotes (p = 0.005). In the mouse model, LPL mRNA levels were increased 40-fold compared with control arteries at 6 h after cuff placement. CONCLUSIONS The LPL C/G polymorphism (Ser447Ter), resulting in a truncation of the two C-terminal amino acids of the mature LPL protein, appears to be an important protective factor for TVR in humans. The role of LPL in this process was further established in a mouse model, where LPL expression was very strongly up-regulated in the target arterial wall, suggesting a contribution of this lipolytic enzyme to restenosis. Possibly, LPL Ser447Ter genotyping may lead to better risk stratification and tailored therapy in the prevention of restenosis after PCI.
Impacts of chronic kidney disease and albuminuria on associations between coronary heart disease and its traditional risk factors in type 2 diabetic patients - the Hong Kong diabetes registry; Background: Glycated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)), blood pressure and body mass index (BMI) are risk factors for albuminuria, the latter in turn can lead to hyperlipidaemia. We used novel statistical analyses to examine how albuminuria and chronic kidney disease (CKD) may influence the effects of other risk factors on coronary heart disease (CHD). Methods: A prospective cohort of 7067 Chinese type 2 diabetic patients without history of CHD enrolled since 1995 were censored on July 30(th), 2005. Cox proportional hazard regression with restricted cubic spline was used to auto-select predictors. Hazard ratio plots were used to examine the risk of CHD. Based on these plots, non-linear risk factors were categorised and the categorised variables were refitted into various Cox models in a stepwise manner to confirm the findings. Results: Age, male gender, duration of diabetes, spot urinary albumin: creatinine ratio, estimated glomerular filtration rate, total cholesterol (TC), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and current smoking status were risk factors of CHD. Linear association between TC and CHD was observed only in patients with albuminuria. Although in general, increased HDL-C was associated with decreased risk of CHD, full-range HDL-C was associated with CHD in an A-shaped manner with a zenith at 1.1 mmol/L. Albuminuria and CKD were the main contributors for the paradoxically positive association between HDL-C and CHD for HDL-C values less than 1.1 mmol/L. Conclusion: In type 2 diabetes, albuminuria plays a linking role between conventional risk factors and CHD. The onset of CKD changes risk associations between lipids and CHD.
Non-insulin dependent Diabetes Mellitus: Present therapies and new drug targets; Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (DM) or Non-Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (NIDDM) accounts for 90-95% of all diabetes cases and has become a major health concern over the years. This disease has assumed frightening proportions due to unhealthy food habits and sedentary life style. About a decade ago, due to the absence of defined molecular targets or an understanding of disease pathophysiology, treatment of this disease was mostly focused on insulin secretion or administration of external insulin. During the past decade however, advent of genomics and proteomics has helped in understanding the molecular alteration characteristics of NIDDM. Untreated type 2 diabetes leads to several complications such as hyperlipidemia, hypertension and atherosclerosis - collectively known as Syndrome X. Though United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study (UKPDS) showed that normalization of hyperglycemia could prevent majority of diabetes complications, the available treatment regime does not adequately normalize the blood glucose level in type 2 diabetic patients. Currently, four distinct classes of oral hypoglycemic agents are available, some of which can act as lipid lowering agents as well. The efficacy and side effect profiles of these drugs are still to be optimized, so there is an unmet need for better candidates. Several new targets as well as better drugs for old targets are under investigation across the world. Availability of such drugs, based on the validated targets, may lead to a new therapeutic paradigm for the prevention of diabetes as well as complications arising out of it. The current review will deal with existing oral therapies for type 2 diabetes as well as the emerging therapeutic targets.
Update on pediatric systemic lupus erythematosus; Purpose of review The purpose of this review is to provide an update on the clinical manifestations of SLE in children. Emerging clues on the pathogenesis of the disease based on recent human studies conducted both in children and adults, will also be summarized. Recent findings Pediatric Rheumatologists caring for children with SLE face many challenges. As the life expectancy of these patients improves, new recognized complications such as accelerated atherosclerosis and hypertension emerge as major causes Of morbidity. However, few longitudinal studies describing the long term outcome of these children, including the impact of disease and treatment on their physical and psychological development are available. Few prospective interventional studies have been carried out to assess the efficacy of established and novel treatments in the pediatric population. Recently, basic studies aimed at understanding the immune alterations underlying this disease have been performed in children. These studies indicate an important role for interferon-alpha (IFN-alpha) in the pathogenesis of this disease and reveal an overall striking homogeneity of leukocyte gene expression profiles in children and adults with SLE. The contribution of novel gene polymorphisms to disease susceptibility and the sequential breakdown of tolerance to nuclear antigens that precedes clinical manifestations in patients with SLE are among the recent studies that are helping us understand the complex SLE puzzle. Summary SLE continues to cause significant morbidity in the pediatric age group. A better recognition of the age-specific manifestations and long-term complications of this disease is required to improve its outcome. Understanding its unique pathogenesis will hopefully lead to the development of better, more targeted and less toxic therapies.
Ex-vivo gene therapy of human vascular bypass grafts with E2F decoy: the PREVENT single-centre, randomised, controlled trial; Background Cell-cycle blockade by ex-vivo gene therapy of experimental vein grafts inhibits the neointimal hyperplasia and subsequent accelerated atherosclerosis that lead to human bypass-graft failure. In a prospective, randomised, controlled trial, we investigated the safety and biological efficacy of intraoperative gene therapy in patients receiving bypass vein grafts. Methods We studied gene therapy that uses decoy oligodeoxynucleotide, which binds and inactivates the pivotal cell-cycle transcription factor E2F. 41 patients were randomly assigned untreated (16), E2F-decoy-treated (17), or scrambled-oligodeoxynucleotide-treated (eight) human infrainguinal vein grafts. Oligonucleotide was delivered to grafts intraoperatively by ex-vivo pressure-mediated transfection. The primary endpoints were safety and inhibition of target cell-cycle regulatory genes and of DNA synthesis in the grafts. Analysis was by intention to treat. Findings Mean transfection efficiency was 89.0% (SD 1.9). Proliferating-cell nuclear antigen and c-myc mRNA concentrations and bromodeoxyuridine incorporation were decreased in the EF2-decoy group by medians of 73% [IQR 53-84], 70% [50-79], and 74% [56-83], respectively) but not in the scrambled-oligodeoxynucleotide group (p<0.0001). Groups did not differ for postoperative complication rates. At 12 months, fewer graft occlusions, revisions, or critical stenoses were seen in the E2F-decoy group than in the untreated group (hazard ratio 0.34 [95% CI 0.12-0.99]). Interpretation Intraoperative transfection of human bypass vein grafts with E2F-decoy oligodeoxynucleotide is safe, feasible, and can achieve sequence-specific inhibition of cell-cycle gene expression and DNA replication. Application of this genetic-engineering strategy may lower failure rates of human primary bypass vein grafting.
Effects of arterial blood flow on walls of the abdominal aorta: distributions of wall shear stress and oscillatory shear index determined by phase-contrast magnetic resonance imaging; Although abdominal aortic aneurysms (AAAs) occur mostly inferior to the renal artery, the mechanism of the development of AAA in relation to its specific location is not yet clearly understood. The objective of this study was to evaluate the hypothesis that even healthy volunteers may manifest specific flow characteristics of blood flow and alter wall shear or oscillatory shear stress in the areas where AAAs commonly develop. Eight healthy male volunteers were enrolled in this prospective study, aged from 24 to 27. Phase-contrast magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) was performed with electrocardiographic triggering. Flow-sensitive four-dimensional MR imaging of the abdominal aorta, with three-directional velocity encoding, including simple morphological image acquisition, was performed. Information on specific locations on the aortic wall was applied to the flow encodes to calculate wall shear stress (WSS) and oscillatory shear index (OSI). While time-framed WSS showed the highest peak of 1.14 +/- A 0.25 Pa in the juxtaposition of the renal artery, the WSS plateaued to 0.61 Pa at the anterior wall of the abdominal aorta. The OSI peaked distal to the renal arteries at the posterior wall of the abdominal aorta of 0.249 +/- A 0.148, and was constantly elevated in the whole abdominal aorta at more than 0.14. All subjects were found to have elevated OSI in regions where AAAs commonly occur. These findings indicate that areas of constant peaked oscillatory shear stress in the infra-renal aorta may be one of the factors that lead to morphological changes over time, even in healthy individuals.
Diagnostic performance of an automatic blood pressure measurement device, Microlife WatchBP Home A, for atrial fibrillation screening in a real-world primary care setting; Objective To evaluate the diagnostic performance of a UK National Institute for Health and Care Excellencerecommended automatic oscillometric blood pressure (BP) measurement device incorporated with an atrial fibrillation (AF) detection algorithm (Microlife WatchBP Home A) for real-world AF screening in a primary healthcare setting. Setting Primary healthcare setting in Hong Kong. Interventions This was a prospective AF screening study carried out between 1 September 2014 and 14 January 2015. The Microlife device was evaluated for AF detection and compared with a reference standard of lead-I ECG. Primary outcome measures Diagnostic performance of Microlife for AF detection. Results 5969 patients (mean age: 67.2 +/- 11.0 years; 53.9% female) were recruited. The mean CHA 2 DS 2-VASc (C: congestive heart failure [1 point]; (H) under bar: hypertension [1 point]; (A) under bar2 : age 65-74 years [1 point] and age >= 75 years [2 points]; (D) under bar: diabetes mellitus [1 point]; (S) under bar: prior stroke or transient ischemic attack [2 points]; (VA) under bar: vascular disease [1 point]; and (Sc) under bar: sex category [female] [1 point]) score was 2.8 +/- 1.3. AF was diagnosed in 72 patients (1.21%) and confirmed by a 12-lead ECG. The Microlife device correctly identified AF in 58 patients and produced 79 false-positives. The corresponding sensitivity and specificity for AF detection were 80.6% (95% CI 69.5 to 88.9) and 98.7% (95% CI 98.3 to 98.9), respectively. Among patients with a false-positive by the Microlife device, 30.4% had sinus rhythm, 35.4% had sinus arrhythmia and 29.1% exhibited premature atrial complexes. With the low prevalence of AF in this population, the positive and negative predictive values of Microlife device for AF detection were 42.4% (95% CI 34.0 to 51.2) and 99.8% (95% CI 99.6 to 99.9), respectively. The overall diagnostic performance of Microlife device to detect AF as determined by area under the curves was 0.90 (95% CI 0.89 to 0.90). Conclusions In the primary care setting, Microlife WatchBP Home was an effective means to screen for AF, with a reasonable sensitivity of 80.6% and a high negative predictive value of 99.8%, in addition to its routine function of BP measurement. In a younger patient population aged < 65 years with a lower prevalence of AF, Microlife WatchBP Home A demonstrated a similar diagnostic accuracy.
Hypertension in pregnancy; Hypertension arising during pregnancy remains one of the two most frequently-cited causes of maternal death in the UK. In some cases, pregnancy is unmasking underlying hypertension, which manifests itself in later life. Pregnant women who develop de novo proteinuric hypertension (pre-eclampsia, PE) can share many risk factors with patients with the metabolic syndrome, such as obesity, dyslipidaemia and insulin resistance. However, more than half the women who develop PE remain normotensive thereafter. There is a genetic component(s) to the disease, but it is most improbable that there is a 'PE gene'. Rather, there are factors such as genetically-determined thrombophilias which are predisposers but not prerequisites. Impaired placentation is a feature, with inadequate invasion of the spiral arteries by syncytiotrophoblast and poor remodelling. However, similiar features are found in association with non-hypertensive fetal growth restriction. Prospective studies have suggested a hyperdynamic circulation in early pregnancy, with cardiac output only falling in established disease. Baroreflex sensitivity is decreased in normal pregnancy, and still further decreased in established PE. Activation of endothelial cell function antedates the clinical diagnosis, and has features in common with atherosclerosis. Dyslipidaemia is common in PE and, via oxidation of susceptible lipids, may contribute to endothelial activation. Oxidative 'stress' is increased in PR, perhaps through a variant of the hypoxia-reperfusion phenomenon in the developing intervillous spaces. Such early changes might then lead to the clinically-evident syndrome in susceptible women. PE is a protean, multisystem, multifactorial disease, the causes of which are only slightly less enigmatic than a decade ago.
Dietary Determinants of Oxidized-Low-Density Lipoprotein Antibodies in a Sample of Pharmacologically Untreated Non-Smoker Subjects: Data from the Brisighella Heart Study; Background. Oxidation makes LDL an immunogenic substrate, stimulating the production of specific autoantibodies against oxidized LDL (ox-LDL Ab). The demonstration of ox-LDL Ab presence in serum indicates the existence of a long-term lipid peroxidation in vivo. Objectives. The aim of the study is to evaluate the influence of a large number of dietary variables on the dosage of ox-LDL Ab in pharmacologically untreated healthy subjects. Material and Methods. The Brisighella Heart Study (BHS) is a prospective, population-based longitudinal epidemiological investigation involving 2939 randomly selected adult subjects, resident in the northern Italian rural town of Brisighella. For this study, we analyzed the dietary, clinical and laboratory data of 265 (M: 101, W: 164) pharmacologically untreated non-smoker subjects, evaluating the factors potentially affecting their ox-LDL Ab dosage. Results. In a multivariate analysis, including age, BMI, hemodynamic and laboratory parameters, the only significant predictor of log-ox-LDL Ab level was age (HR -0.19; 95% CI -0.115 - -0.104, p = 0.001; adjusted R2 = 0.581). Including in the analysis the considered nutritional variables, the best model predicting the log-ox-LDL Ab level included age (HR -0.11; 95% CI -0.116 - -0.105, p < 0.001), the percentage of kcal derived from lipids (HR -0.12; 95% CI -0.134 - -0.112, p < 0.001), copper (OR 0.77; 95% CI 0.475 - 1.076, p < 0.001) and zinc (HR -0.22; 95% CI -0.282 - -0.163, p < 0.001; adjusted R2 = 0.358). Conclusions. In this population sample of healthy subjects, the main considered dietary components do not influence the ox-LDL Ab level in a clinically relevant manner (Adv Clin Exp Med 2013, 22, 1, 69-76).
Does angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism affect blood pressure? Findings after 6 years of follow-up in healthy subjects; Background: There has been an increase in research into the association between angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) gene deletion polymorphism and cardiovascular disease, with conflicting results. The present prospective long-term study was conducted to evaluate whether the DD genotype could also be associated with a higher prevalence of hypertension in healthy subjects, over 6 years of follow-up. Methods: Population: 684 healthy volunteers (aged, 25-55 years): normotensive and free of cardiovascular diseases, with acceptable echocardiographic window. All subjects had to have a normal electrocardiogram (ECG) and echocardiograrn (ECHO) at entry. Study protocol: All subjects underwent a complete physical examination, 12-lead ECG and ECHO, and venous blood samples were drawn for DNA analysis and cholesterol. All subjects had a clinical evaluation each year for the 6 year duration of the study. Results: All 684 subjects completed 6 years of follow-up. We identified three genetically distinct groups. The ACE-DD group (n=225, 80F/145M, mean age 43.4+/-7.6 years) had 42 hypertensive subjects (18.3%), 5 heart failure (HF) subjects and 6 subjects with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). There was no association between family history, smoking habit, hypercholesterolemia and events. The ACE-ID group (n = 335, 116F/219M, mean age 43.6+/-7 years) had 16 hypertensive subjects (4.7%) and 3 subjects with ACS. The ACE-ID group (n = 124, 45F/79M, mean age 42.5+/-6.9 years) had 2 hypertensive subjects (1.6%) and I HF subject. The incidence of hypertension and cardiovascular events was significantly higher in the ACE-DD group (53 cases, 23%) than in the ACE-ID and ACE-II groups (20 and 3 cases, 5.9 and 2.4%, respectively), P=0.0001. The higher incidence of hypertension was observed in the older age groups (36-45 and 46-55 years) with ACE-DD and ACE-ID genotypes. Conclusion: Our data suggest that ACE-DD polymorphism is associated with a higher incidence of hypertension in baseline healthy subjects, irrespective of other risk factors. The higher incidence of hypertension was apparent predominantly in the older age groups. (C) 2003 European Society of Cardiology. Published by Elsevier B.V All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular risk factors, including thrombotic variables, in a population with rheumatoid arthritis; Objective. To compare prevalent cardiovascular disease, conventional cardiovascular risk factors and thrombotic variables in a cohort with well-controlled rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and in population controls. Methods. Seventy-six RA patients and 641 controls, randomly sampled from the local population in the North Glasgow MONICA study. Conventional cardiovascular risk factors (blood pressure, smoking, cholesterol) and thrombotic variables [fibrinogen, von Willebrand factor (VWF), tissue plasminogen activator antigen (t-PA), fibrin D-dimer, plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI-l), plasma viscosity] were measured by standard procedures. Results. RA patients had a significantly higher prevalence of angina pectoris (P = 0.03). Stroke also tended to be more common in the RA group, but the difference did not reach statistical significance (P = 0.08). Diastolic blood pressure was significantly higher and serum cholesterol significantly lower in the RA group than in controls. Current smoking habits and exercise history were similar in the two groups, although RA patients were more likely to have previously smoked. Significant elevations in several thrombotic predictors of cardiovascular disease (fibrinogen, VWF, t-PA antigen and fibrin D-dimer) were found in the RA group. Conclusions. In this RA patient population, diastolic blood pressure was higher than in controls and thrombotic variables were elevated compared with controls. These features are identified as potential additional cardiovascular risk factors in the RA patients studied. Prospective studies of risk modification may permit the identification of factors which could lead to a reduction in the known increased cardiovascular risk in Re.
Catheter ablation of atrial flutter: A survey focusing on post ablation oral anticoagulation management and ECG monitoring; Background: A considerable amount of patients with typical atrial flutter develop atrial fibrillation after cavotricuspid isthmus (CTI) ablation. No uniform recommendations are available to guide anticoagulation regimes or electrocardiogram (ECG) monitoring strategies after this procedure. Methods: We conducted a web-based survey in electrophysiology (EP) centers in Germany, Switzerland, and Austria. Responses were received from 47 centers. The survey was designed to investigate variations in management of the following: ablation strategy, oral anticoagulation (OAC) management, and ECG monitoring after successful CTI ablation. Results: More than 55% of the participating centers assume that at least every third patient will develop atrial fibrillation during follow-up. Despite this assumption, most EP experts (81%) would still stop OAC after CTI ablation even in patients with higher CHADS2-VA2SC-score, or even perform CTI in asymptomatic patients with the purpose to stop OAC (52%). Most experts agree that ECG monitoring is necessary during follow-up. A majority still rely on short-term monitoring tools like resting ECGs (7%) or Holter ECGs (43%), while continuous monitoring by implantable loop recorders (10%) are rarely used for postablation OAC management. Conclusion: A majority of the centers stop OAC in patients with higher CHADS2-VA2SC-score after CTI ablation. There is evidence that this practice might not be safe and lead to an increased number of ischemic strokes during follow-up. This reflects the need for prospective studies to allow for clear guidelines regarding these issues.
Efficacy of a new balloon catheter for internal cardioversion of chronic atrial fibrillation without anaesthesia; Objective - To compare a new internal cardioversion system incorporated into a balloon guided catheter with a conventional two electrode system in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF). Design - Prospective study. Patients - 74 patients with chronic AF treated by internal cardioversion. Materials - A 7.5 F balloon catheter with high energy electrode arrays each consisting of six 0.5 cm platinum rings. Brachial vein access enables one electrode array to be placed in the left pulmonary artery (distal pole) and the other at the lateral right atrial wall (proximal pole). The conventional two electrode system consists of 6 F electrodes placed in the proximal left pulmonary artery (anode) and the lower right atrium. Interventions - Internal cardioversion was performed by shocks delivered in 40 V incremental steps from an external defibrillator. Shocks were applied by the new device to 32 patients (group A) and by the conventional system to 42 patients (group B). Results - The groups differed with respect to system positioning (9.2 (7.3) v 12.3 (8.1) minutes, p < 0.05) and fluoroscopy times (1.7 (1.0) v 3.3 (2.1) minutes, p < 0.01). Sinus rhythm was restored in 30 patients of group A and in 39 of group B (NS) with mean (SD) energy requirements of 8.4 (3.1) J and 7.2 (3.1) J, respectively (NS). Conclusions-This new method of internal cardioversion has comparably high primary success rates and low sedation requirements with single and two lead systems.
EMERGENCY DEPARTMENT CONTROL OF BLOOD PRESSURE IN INTRACEREBRAL HEMORRHAGE; Background: Early treatment of elevated blood pressure (BP) in patients presenting with spontaneous intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) may decrease hematoma enlargement and lead to better neurologic outcome. Study Objective: To determine whether early BP control in patients with spontaneous ICH is both feasible and tolerated when initiated in the Emergency Department (ED). Methods: A single-center, prospective observational study in patients with spontaneous ICH was performed to evaluate a protocol to lower, and maintain for 24 h, the mean arterial pressure (MAP) to a range of 100-110 mm Hg within 120 min of arrival to the ED. An additional goal of placing a functional arterial line within 90 min was specified in our protocol. Hematoma volume, neurologic disability, adverse events, and in-hospital mortality were recorded. Results: A total of 22 patients were enrolled over a 1-year study period. The average time to achieve our target MAP after implementation of our protocol was 123 min (range 19-297 min). The average time to arterial line placement was 84 min (range 36-160 min). Overall, 77% of the patients tolerated the 24-h protocol. The in-hospital mortality rate in this group of patients was 41%. Conclusions: Adopting a protocol to reduce and maintain the MAP to a target of 100-110 mm Hg within 120 min of ED arrival was safe and well tolerated in patients presenting with spontaneous Id. If future trials demonstrate a clinical benefit of early BP control in spontaneous ICH, EDs should implement similar protocols. (C) 2011 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Neurological complications of psychiatric drugs: clinical features and management; This paper reviews the main neurological complications of psychiatric drugs, in particular antipsychotics and antidepressants. Extrapyramidal syndromes include acute dystonia, parkinsonism, akathisia, tardive dyskinesia and tardive dystonia. Extrapyramidal symptoms (EPS) are less frequent with atypical than with conventional antipsychotics but remain common in clinical practice partly due to lack of screening by health professionals. Neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) consists of severe muscle rigidity, pyrexia, change in conscious level and autonomic disturbance but partial forms also occur. NMS is particularly associated with the initiation and rapid increase in dose of high-potency antipsychotics but it has been reported with all the atypical antipsychotics and rarely with other drugs including antidepressants. Serotonin toxicity comprises altered mental state (agitation, excitement, confusion), neuromuscular hyperactivity (tremor, clonus, myoclonus, hyperreflexia) and autonomic hyperactivity and occurs on a spectrum. Severe cases, termed serotonin syndrome, usually follow the co-prescription of drugs that increase serotonergic transmission by different pathways, for example a monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) and a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI). Most antipsychotics and antidepressants lower the seizure threshold and can cause seizures; the risk is greater with clozapine than with other atypical antipsychotics and greater with tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) than with SSRIs. In randomised controlled trials in elderly patients with dementia atypical antipsychotics are associated with a higher risk of stroke and death than placebo. Cohort studies suggest that conventional drugs carry at least the same risk. Cessation of treatment with antipsychotics and antidepressants can lead to a wide range of discontinuation symptoms which include movement disorders and other neurological symptoms. Clinicians need to be familiar with strategies to reduce the risk of these adverse events and to manage them when they arise. Their occurrence needs to be balanced against the benefits of psychiatric drugs in terms of efficacy and improved quality of life in a range of disorders. Copyright (C) 2007 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Performance-Focussed Sport - An Avenue to Gold-Medal Clinical Outcomes for People with Neurological Impairments?; This paper investigates the premise that long-term engagement in performance-focussed sports training may lead to significantly enhanced clinical outcomes for people with neurological impairments (NI). The minimum volume of moderate-intensity activity recommended for good health is 450 MET.minutes/week, although evidence from the general population indicates that outcomes may be enhanced by completing up to five times this volume (2250 MET.minutes/week) at vigorous (rather than moderate) intensity. Most studies evaluating physical activity interventions for people with NI deliver low volumes (<450 MET.minutes/week), which may explain why evidence for some clinical outcomes is weak. Athletes (with or without NI) who aim to achieve high-level sports performance undertake an increasingly large volume of vigorous intensity physical activity over several seasons. Evidence that people with NI may enhance clinical outcomes through performance-focussed sports training includes: evidence from studies investigating the benefits of high-intensity and/or high volume clinical exercise; scientific evidence from elite/high-level athletes; and anecdotal evidence from Paralympic athlete testimonials. Additionally, sports participants with NI may also accrue an important array of psychosocial benefits, including higher rates of employment, and higher satisfaction with life and social integration. Rigorous, prospective, longitudinal clinical monitoring of people with NI undertaking performance-focussed sports training are required to evaluate its clinical utility.
New Developments in the Pathophysiology, Workup, and Diagnosis of Dural Venous Sinus Thrombosis (DVST) and a Systematic Review of Endovascular Treatments; Dural venous sinus thrombosis (DVST) is a rare cause of stroke, which typically affects young women. The importance of identifying pre-disposing factors that lead to venous stasis lies in the foundation of understanding the etiology, pathophysiology and clinical presentation. The precise therapeutic role of interventional therapies is not fully understood though the current data do suggest potential applications. The aim of the study was to perform a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the utility of and short-term 30-day survival after endovascular therapy for patients with DVST. Standard PRISMA guidelines were followed. Data sources included PubMed keywords and phrases, which were also incorporated into a MeSH search to yield articles indexed in Medline over a 5-year period. All RCTs, observational cohort studies, and administrative registries comparing or reporting DVST were included. Sixty-six studies met inclusion criteria. 35 articles investigating treatment in a summation of 10,285 patients were eligible for data extraction and included in the review of treatment modalities. A total of 312 patients were included for statistical analysis. All patients included received endovascular intervention with direct thrombolysis, mechanical thrombectomy or both. 133 (42.6%) patients were documented to have a neurologic decline, which prompted endovascular intervention. All patients who had endovascular interventions were those who were started on and failed systemic anticoagulation. 44 patients were reported to have intracranial hemorrhages after intervention. Regardless of systemic anticoagulation, patients were still reported to have complications of VTE and PE. Primary outcome at 3-6 month follow up revealed mRS< 1 in 224 patients. DVST presents with many diagnostic and therapeutic challenges. The utility of invasive interventions such as local thrombolysis and mechanical thrombectomy is not fully understood. It is exceedingly difficult to conduct large randomized trials for this low incidence disease process with large pathophysiological heterogeneity.
A COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS OF CHRONIC AND NONCHRONIC INSURED COMMERCIAL MEMBER COST TRENDS; Disease management (DM) is increasingly encountered in health plans and employer groups as a health care intervention targeted to individuals with chronic diseases ("Chronics''). To justify the investment by payers in DM, it is important to demonstrate beneficial clinical and financial outcomes. In the absence of randomized control studies, financial results are often estimated in a pre/post-study in which the cost of Chronics in the absence of DM can be predicted by their pre-DM year cost (on a per member per month basis) adjusted for the Nonchronic population's cost trend. The assumption made, not previously tested, is that absent DM, the Chronic and Nonchronic trends are identical. We calculated Chronic and Nonchronic trends between 1999 and 2002 and compared them under different assumptions regarding identification of chronic disease and medical services. Qualification for the Chronic group was defined as having coronary artery disease, heart failure, diabetes, asthma, or chronic obstructive lung disease. Our base case used an algorithm that identified a member as Chronic prospectively (that is, from the point of identification forward), with one or more of the chronic conditions. We used a data set of 1.5 million commercially insured members. When Chronic and Nonchronic members are identified and included in the population prospectively, the average three-year trend over the study period for chronic and nonchronic members adjusted for high cost outliers were 4.9% and 13.9%, respectively. Adjusting the population experience for differences in service mix had little effect on the divergence in trends. However, altering the Chronic selection algorithm to eliminate migration between groups (thus classifying a member as always Chronic if identified as Chronic at any point in the four years) caused the trends to converge (Chronics, 16.3%; Nonchronics 17.2%; total 16.0%). Using the original selection algorithm but risk-adjusting the populations annually also caused their trends to converge (Chronics, 12.5%; Nonchronics 11.9%). Finally, applying an annual "requalification'' process (in which members who qualify as Chronic in one year but not the next are excluded in the year in which they fail to qualify), we see some, although not complete, convergence of trends. Estimating DM program financial outcomes based on the assumption that absent the program, the Chronic population would have had the same trend as the Nonchronic population can lead to erroneous conclusions. Identification of a Chronic member and the point at which that member is reclassified from one subpopulation to another can significantly affect the observed trends in both subpopulations, implying that great care must be taken over classification and interpretation of the resulting trends, and their use in DM savings calculations. Trends calculated using a prospective identification methodology introduce a bias into estimates of outcomes. We refer to this effect, which has not previously been described or discussed in the literature, as "migration bias.'' It is critical to understand how trends in a reference population can vary according to selection criteria for disease in the chronic population, service mix, and changes in risk over time.
Current Concepts in Vascular Cognitive Impairment and Pharmacotherapeutic Implications; OBJECTIVE: To review evolution of the vascular cognitive impairment (VCI) construct, including diagnosis, pharmacotherapeutic implications, and address challenges that will shape future developments. DATA SOURCES: Literature retrieval was accessed through PubMed, from 1966 to December 2008, using the terms vascular cognitive impairment, vascular dementia, post-stroke dementia, vascular cognitive disorder, mild cognitive impairment, criteria, disease progression, outcomes, treatment, prevention, biomarkers, and neuroimaging. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: All articles in published English identified from the data sources were evaluated for inclusion. Regarding pharmacotherapy, prospective double-blind, placebo-controlled studies were included as well as extensions or relevant post hoc analyses. DATA SYNTHESIS: In the 1970s, "senile dementia due to hardening of the arteries" was used to describe dementia due to vascular causes. This was a narrow view of what is now known to be a common form of cognitive impairment in older people. Multiple infarct dementia (MID) was first proposed to describe dementia attributable to multiple cerebral infarcts, followed by the vascular dementia (VaD) construct, itself meant to be an improvement over MID. The VaD construct had limitations, not the least of which was that, by the time a patient was diagnosed with VaD, the opportunity for prevention was lost. Thus arose the concept of VCI, representing a group of heterogeneous disorders that share presumed vascular causes. The importance of VCI is centered on the fact that vascular risk factors are treatable, and thus should lead to a reduction in the incidence of cognitive impairment due to vascular causes. There is evidence that treatment of hypertension can lead to a reduction in the incidence of cognitive impairment and dementia, and that treatment of VaD with acetylcholinesterase inhibitors may be beneficial. CONCLUSIONS: Careful attention needs to be given to controlling vascular risk factors in at-risk patients. Pharmacists should play an active role in this important area of geriatric pharmacotherapy.
Concomitant therapy in people with epilepsy: Potential drug-drug interactions and patient awareness; People with epilepsy (PWE) may use prescription and over-the-counter (OTC) drugs for the treatment of concomitant diseases. Combinations of these drugs, as well as dietary supplements, with antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) may lead to reduced control of seizures and of coexisting medical conditions and increased risk of adverse drug reactions (ADRs). The aims of this study were to obtain comprehensive lists of medications, dietary supplements, botanicals, and specific food components used by adult PWE and to evaluate the potential for interactions involving AEDs and patients' awareness of such potential interactions. We conducted a prospective, questionnaire-based study of PWE attending the Hadassah-Hebrew University Epilepsy Clinic over a period of 7 months. The questionnaire interview included the listing of medications, medicinal herbs, dietary supplements, and specific food components consumed and the knowledge of potential drug-drug interactions (DDIs), and it was conducted by a pharmacist. Drug-drug interactions were analyzed via the Micromedex online database. Out of 179 patients who attended the clinic over the study period, we interviewed 73 PWE, of which 71 were included in our final analysis. The mean number of AEDs consumed per subject was 1.7 (SD: 0.8, range: 1-4). Forty (56%) subjects were also treated with other prescription and/or OTC medications, and thirty-four (48%) took dietary supplements. Drug families most prone to DDIs involving AEDs included antipsychotic agents, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, and statins. Two-thirds of study participants (67%) knew that DDIs may lead to ADRs, but only half (56%) were aware of the potential for reduced seizure control. Only 44% always reported treatment with AEDs to medical professionals. This study provides for the first time a comprehensive picture of prescription and OTC drugs and food supplements used by PWE. Despite a considerable potential for DDIs involving AEDs, patient awareness is limited, highlighting the importance of patient and caregiver education. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Does serum C-reactive protein concentration correlate with blood pressure values in patients with probable Alzheimer's disease?; Background: Alzheimer's disease (AD) represents a progressive dementia. Known risk factors far the development of AD include: age, genetic susceptibility, family history of dementia and female gender. Atherosclerosis, dyslipidemia, hypertension and inflammation are considered to be possible Vascular risk factors for AD. C-reactive protein (CRP) is an important marker and mediator of low-grade inflammation. Its possible role in the development and the progression of AD is still not fully understood. Results of numerous studies conducted with the purpose to elucidate the role of CRP in AD are conflicting. Association of CRP and systolic and diastolic blood pressure in AD patients has not been extensively investigated. Methodology: AD group consisted of fifteen institutionalized patients, aged 65 and over, with clinically diagnosed probable Alzheimer's disease by NINCDS-ADRDA criteria. All patients had mini mental state examination (MMSE) score < 23 and a Ifachinski ischemic score 4 or bellow. Fifteen community dwelling, age-matched, apparently healthy, subjects without dementia served as the control group, All subjects in this group had a MMSE score > 28. Subjects included in the study underwent history, clinical examination and mini mental state examination. Serum CRP concentration was measured by means of particle enhanced immunophelometry. Systolic and diastolic blood pressure was measured with the use of mercury sphygmomanometer on the right arm after at least a 5-min rest. Results: Age, systolic and diastolic blood pressure did not differ significantly between the two groups. In AD group we found negative correlation between serum CRP concentration and systolic blood pressure (r=-0.43) but this correlation was not statistically significant. Likewise, negative although not significant correlation was found between serum CRP concentration and diastolic blood pressure (r=-0.35) in AD group. Conclusions: Our results have shown that negative correlation between serum CRP concentration and systolic and diastolic blood pressure exists in patients with AD but this correlation is not statistically significant. Obtained results do Support the notion that low-grade inflammation has no impact on blood pressure values in patients with AD. Larger prospective studies are required to investigate these findings further.
Combination pharmacotherapy to prevent cardiovascular disease: present status and challenges; Combination pills containing aspirin, multiple blood pressure (BP) lowering drugs, and a statin have demonstrated safety, substantial risk factor reductions, and improved medication adherence in the prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The individual medications in combination pills are already recommended for use together in secondary CVD prevention. Therefore, current information on their pharmacokinetics, impact on the risk factors, and tolerability should be sufficient to persuade regulators and clinicians to use fixed-dose combination pills in high-risk individuals, such as in secondary prevention. Long-term use of these medicines, in a polypill or otherwise, is expected to reduce CVD risk by at least 5060 in such groups. This risk reduction needs confirmation in prospective randomized trials for populations for whom concomitant use of the medications is not currently recommended (e.g. primary prevention). Given their additive benefits, the combined estimated relative risk reduction (RRR) in CVD from both lifestyle modification and a combination pill is expected to be 7080. The first of several barriers to the widespread use of combination therapy in CVD prevention is physician reluctance to use combination pills. This reluctance may originate from the belief that lifestyle modification should take precedence, and that medications should be introduced one drug at a time, instead of regarding combination pills and lifestyle modification as complementary and additive. Second, widespread availability of combination pills is also impeded by the reluctance of large pharmaceutical companies to invest in development of novel co-formulations of generic (or mature) drugs. A business model based on mass approaches to drug production, packaging, marketing, and distribution could make the combination pill available at an affordable price, while at the same time providing a viable profit for the manufacturers. A third barrier is regulatory approval for novel multidrug combination pills, as there are few precedents for the approval of combination products with four or more components for CVD. Acceptance of combination therapy in other settings suggests that with concerted efforts by academics, international health agencies, research funding bodies, governments, regulators, and pharmaceutical manufacturers, combination pills for prevention of CVD in those with disease or at high risk (e.g. those with multiple risk factors) can be made available worldwide at affordable prices. It is anticipated that widespread use of combination pills with lifestyle modifications can lead to substantial risk reductions (as much as an 80 estimated RRR) in CVD. Heath care systems need to deploy these strategies widely, effectively, and efficiently. If implemented, these strategies could avoid several millions of fatal and non-fatal CVD events every year worldwide.
Benefits of wellness interventions for persons with chronic and disabling conditions: A review of the evidence; Background: Persons living with the effects of chronic and disabling conditions are often at increased risk for the development of secondary conditions and disabilities that can lead to further decline in health status, independence, functional status, life satisfaction, and overall quality of life. Objective: The purpose of this study was to review the evidence for the benefits of wellness/health promotion interventions for persons with chronic and disabling conditions. Methods: The authors conducted a Medline search (1990-2007) using terms related to wellness and health promotion cross-referenced with general terms for chronic and disabling conditions, as well as 15 specific chronic and/or disabling conditions (e.g., multiple sclerosis, spinal cord injury). Selection of studies was limited to those published in English that reported randomized controlled trails or prospective studies that involved adult human subjects with a chronic and/or disabling condition. All selected studies focused on some aspect of a wellness or health promotion intervention and involved a comparison or control group. Of the 5,847 studies initially identified in the search using medical subject heading terms, 190 met the criteria for full review. Data were extracted from these publications and summarized using descriptive statistics. Results: Almost all studies (95%) explored the effects of wellness intervention in a sample diagnosed with a single condition (e.g., cancer, stroke, arthritis). Although the mean sample size was 100, the range in sample size varied widely (6-688); 25% of the studies had sample of 30 or fewer. Almost all studies (89.5%) reported positive effects of the wellness intervention, although the delivery and content of interventions as well as the measurement of outcomes, varied greatly. Conclusions: Our findings support an immediate post-intervention positive impact of wellness interventions across persons with a wide variety of chronic and disabling conditions. Future research that clearly specifies primary study outcomes and follows the CONSORT guidelines will strengthen future reviews of the evidence and facilitate application of the evidence of practice. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Microvascular Effects of Heart Rate Control With Esmolol in Patients With Septic Shock: A Pilot Study; Objective: beta-blocker therapy may control heart rate and attenuate the deleterious effects of beta-stimulating catecholamines in septic shock. However, their negative chronotropy and inotropy may potentially lead to an inappropriately low cardiac output, with a subsequent compromise of microvascular blood flow. The purpose of the present pilot study was to investigate the effects of reducing heart rate to less than 95 beats per minute in patients with septic shock using the beta-1 adrenoceptor blocker, esmolol, with specific focus on systemic hemodynamics and the microcirculation. Design: Prospective, observational clinical study. Setting: Multidisciplinary ICU at a university hospital. Measurements and Main Results: After 24 hours of initial hemodynamic optimization, 25 septic shock patients with a heart rate greater than or equal to 95 beats per minute and requiring -norepinephrine to maintain mean arterial pressure greater than or equal to 65 mm Hg received a titrated esmolol infusion to maintain heart rate less than 95 beats per minute. Sublingual microcirculatory blood flow was assessed by sidestream dark-field imaging. All measurements, including data from right heart catheterization and norepinephrine requirements, were obtained at baseline and 24 hours after esmolol administration. Heart rates targeted between 80 and 94 beats per minute were achieved in all patients. Whereas cardiac index decreased (4.0 [3.5; 5.3] vs 3.1 [2.6; 3.9] L/min/m(2); p < 0.001), stroke volume remained unchanged (34 [37; 47] vs 40 [31; 46] mL/beat/m(2); p = 0.32). Microcirculatory blood flow in small vessels increased (2.8 [2.6; 3.0] vs 3.0 [3.0; 3.0]; p = 0.002), while the heterogeneity index decreased (median 0.06 [interquartile range 0; 0.21] vs 0 [0; 0]; p = 0.002). Pao(2) and pH increased while Paco(2) decreased (all p < 0.05). Of note, norepinephrine requirements were significantly reduced by selective beta-1 blocker therapy (0.53 [0.29; 0.96] vs 0.41 [0.22; 0.79] mu g/kg/min; p = 0.03). Conclusions: This pilot study demonstrated that heart rate control by a titrated esmolol infusion in septic shock patients was associated with maintenance of stroke volume, preserved microvascular blood flow, and a reduction in norepinephrine requirements.
Walking behaviour and glycemic control in type 2 diabetes: Seasonal and gender differences-study design and methods; Background: The high glucose levels typically occurring among adults with type 2 diabetes contribute to blood vessel injury and complications such as blindness, kidney failure, heart disease, and stroke. Higher physical activity levels are associated with improved glycemic control, as measured by hemoglobin AIC. A 1% absolute increase in AIC is associated with an 18% increased risk for heart disease or stroke. Among Canadians with type 2 diabetes, we postulate that declines in walking associated with colder temperatures and inclement weather may contribute to annual post- winter increases in AIC levels. Methods: During this prospective cohort study being conducted in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, 100 men and 100 women with type 2 diabetes will undergo four assessments ( once per season) over a one- year period of observation. These assessments include ( 1) use of a pedometer with a concealed viewing window for a two- week period to measure walking ( 2) a study centre visit during which venous blood is sampled for AIC, anthropometrics are assessed, and questionnaires are completed for measurement of other factors that may influence walking and/ or AIC ( e. g. food frequency, depressive symptomology, medications). The relationship between spring- fall AIC difference and winter-summer difference in steps/ day will be examined through multivariate linear regression models adjusted for possible confounding. Interpretation of findings by researchers in conjunction with potential knowledge " users" ( e. g. health professionals, patient groups) will guide knowledge translation efforts. Discussion: Although we cannot alter weather patterns to favour active lifestyles, we can design treatment strategies that take seasonal and weather- related variations into account. For example, demonstration of seasonal variation of AIC levels among Canadian men and women with T2D and greater understanding of its determinants could lead to ( 1) targeting physical activity levels to remain at or exceed peak values achieved during more favourable weather conditions. Strategies may include shifting to indoor activities or adapting to less favourable conditions ( e. g. appropriate outdoor garments, more frequent but shorter duration periods of activity) ( 2) increasing dose/ number of glucose- lowering medications during the winter and reducing these during the summer, in anticipation of seasonal variations ( 3) examining the impact of bright light therapyon activity and AIC among T2D patients with an increase in depressive symptomology when sunlight hours decline.
Usefulness of T-axis deviation as an independent risk indicator for incident cardiac events in older men and women free from coronary heart disease (The Cardiovascular Health Study); T-axis shift has been reported to be an indicator of increased mortality risk. We evaluated the association of spatial T-axis deviation with incident coronary heart disease (CHD) events in older men and women h ee from clinically overt CHD. Spatial T-axis deviation was measured from the standard 12-lead electrocardiogram of a subgroup of 4,173 subjects considered free of CHD at baseline in the Cardiovascular Health Study, a prospective cohort study of risk factors for CHD and stroke in older men and women. Cox regression analysis was used to evaluate the associations of altered repolarization with the risk of incident CHD events. The prevalence of marked T-axis deviation (greater than or equal to 45 degrees) was 12%. During the median follow-up of 7.4 years, there were 161 CHD deaths, 743 deaths from all causes, and 679 incident CHD events. Adjusting for demographic and clinical risk factors, including other electrocardiographic abnormalities, there was a nearly twofold excess risk of CHD death, and approximately a 50% excess risk of incident CHD and all-cause mortality for those with marked Taxis deviation. From other electrocardiographic abnormalities, only QT prolongation was associated with excess risk for incident CHD comparable to that for abnormal T-axis deviation. These results suggest that T-axis deviation is an easily quantified marker for subclinical disease and an independent indicator for the risk of incident CHD events in older men and women free of CHD. (C) 2001 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
Incidence of local in-brain progression after supramarginal resection of cerebral metastases; Microsurgical circumferential stripping of intracerebral metastases is often insufficient in achieving local tumor control. Supramarginal resection may improve local tumor control. A retrospective analysis was performed for patients who underwent supramarginal resection of a cerebral metastasis by awake surgery with intraoperative cortical and subcortical stimulation, MEPs, and SSEPs. Supramarginal resection was achieved by circumferential stripping of the metastasis and additional removal of approximately 3 mm of the surrounding tissue. Pre- and postsurgical neurological status was assessed by the NIH Stroke Scale. Permanent deficits were defined by persistence after 3-month observation time. Supramarginal resection of cerebral metastases in eloquent brain areas was performed in 34 patients with a mean age of 60 years (range, 33-83 years). Five out of 34 patients (14.7 %) had a new transient postoperative neurological deficit, which improved within a few days due to supplementary motor area (SMA) syndrome. Five out of 34 patients (14.7 %) developed a local in-brain progression and nine patients (26.4 %) a distant in-brain progression. Supramarginal resection of cerebral metastases in eloquent locations is feasible and safe. Safety might be increased by intraoperative neuromonitoring. The better outcome in the present series may be entirely based on other predictors than extend of surgical resection and not necessarily on the surgical technique applied. However, supramarginal resection was safe and apparently did not lead to worse results than regular surgical techniques. Prospective, controlled, and randomized studies are mandatory to determine the possible benefit of supramarginal resection on local tumor control and overall outcome.
Cardiopulmonary manifestations of fulminant enterovirus 71 infection; Background. The pathogenesis of acute pulmonary edema and cardiac collapse after enterovirus 71 (EV71) infection are not completely understood. Objective. To determine the hemodynamic features and the mechanism of pulmonary edema (PE) after EV71 infection by direct intracardiac monitoring. Design. Prospective clinical and laboratory study at a tertiary medical center. Participants. Five consecutive infants, ages 2 to 13 months, with EV71 infection-proved by viral isolation in 4 and antibody in 1-with PE were enrolled. The clinical characteristics were systemically assessed. Hemodynamic profiles were determined every 4 hours by simultaneously implanted pulmonary arterial and central venous catheters during the acute stage. Results. Magnetic resonance imaging revealed that all 5 infants had brainstem lesions. All patients had tachycardia and hyperthermia. Transient systolic hypertension was noted in 1 patient, and 1 presented with hypotension. Pulmonary artery pressure in all 5 infants was normal or mildly elevated (26-31 mm Hg), and central venous pressure ranged from 10 to 22 mm Hg. Pulmonary artery occlusion pressures were normal or slightly elevated (13-16 mm Hg). Systemic and pulmonary vascular resistances were transiently increased in only 1 patient. The stroke volume index decreased to 15.3 to 35.7 mL/M-2 (normal: 30-60 mL/M-2), but because of the elevated heart rate, the cardiac index did not decrease. All hemodynamics normalized within days. Conclusion. Fulminant EV71 infection may lead to severe neurologic complications and acute PE. The acute PE and cardiopulmonary decompensation in EV71 infection are not directly caused by viral myocarditis. The mechanism of PE may be related to increased pulmonary vascular permeability caused by brainstem lesions and/or systemic inflammatory response instead of increased pulmonary capillary hydrostatic pressure.
Augmented Renal Clearance in Patients with Subarachnoid Hemorrhage; Patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) typically exhibit hyperdynamic cardiovascular hemodynamics, which may lead to increased medication clearance. The aims of this study were to evaluate the actual creatinine clearance (CrClA) in an aneurysmal SAH population and the effect of the development of cerebral vasospasm (CV) along with its treatment to better understand if this population exhibits augmented renal clearance (ARC). This was a prospective, single-center study in a neurosciences ICU at a university hospital. A total of 20 patients were consented and provided a 24-h urine sample to measure the CrClA. If patients experienced CV, a 24-h urine collection was repeated during vasospasm treatment. CrClA was measured using a modified Jaffe assay. Among the 20 patients enrolled, the mean SAH CrClA was 325.93 +/- A 135.20 ml/min 1.73 m(2) and this differed significantly from the SAH estimated creatinine clearance (CrClE) 144.93 +/- A 42.82 ml/min 1.73 m(2) (p < 0.001). Four patients developed CV; the mean CV CrClA was 558.43 +/- A 356.12 ml/min 1.73 m(2) and there was no significant difference when compared to those patients' mean SAH CrClA (246.91 +/- A 84.14 ml/min 1.73 m(2), p = 0.16). ARC was present in 100 % of the patients with recent SAH enrolled. Although ARC remained present in the patients who experienced CV, their creatinine clearance was not significantly further augmented. Further work is needed to clarify the impact of such clearances on renally excreted medications and how the development and treatment of CV further augment these findings.
My paper 10 years later: infective endocarditis in the intensive care unit; Although the recent literature contains plenty of studies concerning all aspects of infective endocarditis (IE), very few focus on severe IE requiring admission to the ICU. In 2004, we published a report on the clinical spectrum and prognostic factors in 228 consecutive critically ill patients with IE. Septic shock, neurological complications and immunocompromised state were independently associated with in-hospital mortality. Cardiac surgery during the acute phase of EI was associated with better survival. A lot of information has been accumulated during the past 10 years on management of IE. Although three sets of blood cultures allow the identification of about 90 % of cases, culture-negative IE still remains a diagnostic challenge. Blood-polymerase chain reaction in valve tissue may yield a microbiologic diagnosis. New imaging techniques such as positron emission tomography computed tomography (PET-CT) have shown additive value in patients with an intracardiac device or valvular prosthesis. Systematic cerebral magnetic resonance imaging can lead to modification of therapeutic plans. The decision to operate and the timing of cardiac surgery should take into account the presence of congestive heart failure, neurological complications, renal failure and multiorgan dysfunction syndrome. In 2011 and 2013, we published the results of a multicentre prospective observational study of 198 ICU patients with left-sided IE and confirmed that cardiac surgery was associated with better outcome. The strongest independent predictor of post-operative mortality was the pre-operative multiorgan failure score. Neurological failure also represented a major determinant of mortality, regardless of the mechanism of neurological complication. In the present paper, we propose algorithms to optimize the medico-surgical approach.
Peak Systolic Velocity Measured by Continuous-Wave Doppler Ultrasonography without Angle Correction in Patients with Internal Carotid Artery Stenosis; Background: Peak systolic velocity (PSV) is measured with pulse-wave (PW) Doppler with angle correction in patients with internal carotid artery stenosis (ICAS). However, the correlation between conventional angiography and PSV shows considerable scattering. We hypothesized that measuring PSV without angle correction would lead to better inter-rater reliability. This hypothesis was tested using a sector probe and continuous-wave (CW) Doppler without angle correction. Methods: Consecutive patients with more than 50% ICAS were enrolled from a prospective database. PSV was measured with PW Doppler with angle correction (PW PSV) and CW Doppler without angle correction (CW PSV) by 2 examiners. The inter-rater reliabilities of PW PSV and CW PSV were analyzed by Spearman's rank correlation test. Results: A total of 37 ICAS sites (median 67 [interquartile range 57-78] % stenosis) were enrolled. Measuring PSV using a sector probe insonating nearly parallel to the flow was feasible in all cases. Inter-rater reproducibility of CW PSV (Spearman's rho = .810) was similar to that of PW PSV (Spearman's rho = .796). When limited to patients with a PSV greater than 200 cm/s with both PW Doppler examinations (25 ICAS sites), inter-rater reliability was relatively higher for CW PSV (Spearman's rho = .674) than for PW PSV (Spearman's rho = .423). Conclusions: Measuring PSV with CW Doppler using a sector probe was feasible. Inter-rater reliability was similar between PW Doppler with angle correction and CW Doppler without angle correction in evaluating PSV in patients with ICAS. CW Doppler appears to have better inter-rater reproducibility than PW Doppler in assessing high PSV. (C) 2016 National Stroke Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Enterovirus D68-associated community-acquired pneumonia in children living in Milan, Italy; Background: An increasing number of children infected by enterovirus D68 (EV-D68) and affected by severe respiratory illness, muscle weakness and paralysis were described in the USA and Canada in 2014 Objectives: To investigate the potential involvement of EV-D68 in determining community-acquired pneumonia (CAP) in hospitalised children in order to acquire information concerning the clinical problems associated with EV-D68 in Italy. Study design: This prospective study of children hospitalised for CAP in the largest Pediatric Department in Milan, Italy, was carried out between 1 June and 31 December 2014. All of the children's admission nasopharyngeal swabs were investigated for the presence of EV-D68. Results: One hundred and seventy-six children with radiographically confirmed CAP were hospitalised during the 7-month study period: 97 (55.1%) had enterovirus/rhinovirus-positive nasopharyngeal samples, including four (2.3%) positive for EV-D68. These four samples were collected between 9 and 21 October, a month in which 21 cases of CAP were recorded. Phylogenetic analysis showed that all of the sequences fell into clade B. The most severe case was diagnosed in a 14-year-old girl with mitochondrial encephalopathy, lactic acidosis and stroke-like episodes (MELAS syndrome), who died after 12 days of hospitalisation. Conclusions: EV-D68 was detected in few children with usually mild-to-moderate lower respiratory tract infection, although the disease lead to the death of a girl with a severe chronic underlying disease. Further studies capable of better defining the epidemiological, genetic and pathogenetic characteristics of the virus are required in order to be able to prepare appropriate preventive and therapeutic measures. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The importance of the methodology in post-marketing studies of cardiovascular therapies; In recent years, a growing number of observational studies in cardiology have been carried out following the criticism that rigid design of randomized clinical trials produces information that is not applicable to the general patient. This approach is very common in several branches of medicine, first of all oncology, but has often been considered marginal in cardiology. The recent introduction of new oral anticoagulants (NOACs) on the market, however, has seen a proliferation of "real-life" studies, drawing the attention of cardiologists to the advantages and limitations of post-marketing studies. NOACs have been approved for use on the basis of large randomized clinical trials that have clearly documented their efficacy and safety. Since they have become available, the analysis of phase IV data has been considered crucial and therefore a great amount of information on the use of NOACs in daily practice has become available. It should be considered, however, that the possibility exists that results obtained from "real-world" studies, which do not apply rigid scientific criteria, may lead to incorrect conclusions. Accordingly, it is mandatory to fully define the operational standards of observational studies. All the protagonists of post-marketing analysis (physicians, epidemiologists, pharmacologists, statisticians) should handle the data strictly in order to ensure their reliability and comparability with other studies. To this end, it is crucial that researchers follow rigorous operational protocols for phase IV studies. Briefly, any "real-life" study should be prospective and adhere to what is prespecified by the research protocol - which must illustrate the background and rationale of the study, define its primary endpoint, and detail the methods, i.e. study design, population and variables.
Use of a continuous-flow device in patients awaiting heart transplantation; Background: The use of left ventricular assist devices is an accepted therapy for patients with refractory heart failure, but current pulsatile volume-displacement devices have limitations (including large pump size and limited long-term mechanical durability) that have reduced widespread adoption of this technology. Continuous-flow pumps are newer types of left ventricular assist devices developed to overcome some of these limitations. Methods: In a prospective, multicenter study without a concurrent control group, 133 patients with end-stage heart failure who were on a waiting list for heart transplantation underwent implantation of a continuous-flow pump. The principal outcomes were the proportions of patients who, at 180 days, had undergone transplantation, had cardiac recovery, or had ongoing mechanical support while remaining eligible for transplantation. We also assessed functional status and quality of life. Results: The principal outcomes occurred in 100 patients (75%). The median duration of support was 126 days (range, 1 to 600). The survival rate during support was 75% at 6 months and 68% at 12 months. At 3 months, therapy was associated with significant improvement in functional status (according to the New York Heart Association class and results of a 6-minute walk test) and in quality of life (according to the Minnesota Living with Heart Failure and Kansas City Cardiomyopathy questionnaires). Major adverse events included postoperative bleeding, stroke, right heart failure, and percutaneous lead infection. Pump thrombosis occurred in two patients. Conclusions: A continuous-flow left ventricular assist device can provide effective hemodynamic support for a period of at least 6 months in patients awaiting heart transplantation, with improved functional status and quality of life. (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00121472.) N Engl J Med 2007;357:885-96.
Association of long-term exposure to local industry- and traffic-specific particulate matter with arterial blood pressure and incident hypertension; Background: Long-term exposure to fine particulate matter (PM2.5) may lead to increased blood pressure (BP). The role of industry- and traffic-specific PM2.5 remains unclear. Objective: We investigated the associations of residential long-term source-specific PM2.5 exposure with arterial BP and incident hypertension in the population-based Heinz Nixdorf Recall cohort study. Methods: We defined hypertension as systolic BP >= 140 mmHg, or diastolic BP >= 90 mmHg, or current use of BP lowering medication. Long-term concentrations of PM2.5 from all local sources (PM2.5ALL), local industry (PM2.5IND) and traffic (PM2.5TRA) were modeled with a dispersion and chemistry transport model (EURAD-CTM) with a 1 km(2) resolution. We performed a cross-sectional analysis with BP and prevalent hypertension at baseline, using linear and logistic regression, respectively, and a longitudinal analysis with incident hypertension at 5-year follow-up, using Poisson regression with robust variance estimation. We adjusted for age, sex, body mass index, lifestyle, education, and major road proximity. Change in BP (mmHg), odds ratio (OR) and relative risk (RR) for hypertension were calculated per 1 mu g/m(3) of exposure concentration. Results: PM2.5ALL was highly correlated with PM25IND. (Spearman's rho = 0.92) and moderately with PM2.5TRA (rho = 0.42). In adjusted cross-sectional analysis with 4539 participants, we found positive associations of PM2.5ALL with systolic (0.42 [95%-CI: 0.03, 0.801) and diastolic (0.25 [0.04, 0.461] BP. Higher, but less precise estimates were found for PM2.5IND (systolic: 0.55 [-0.05, 1.14]; diastolic: 0.35 [0.03, 0.671) and PM2.5TRA (systolic: 0.88 [-1.55, 3.31]; diastolic: 0.41 [-0.91, 1.731). We found crude positive association of PM2.5TRA with prevalence (OR 1.41 [1.10, 1.80]) and incidence of hypertension (RR 1.38 [1.03,1.85]), attenuating after adjustment (OR 1.19 [0.90, 1.58] and RR 1.28 [0.94, 1.72]). We found no association of PM2.5ALL and PM2.5IND with hypertension. Conclusions: Long-term exposures to all-source and industry-specific PM2.5 were positively related to BP. We could not separate the effects of industry-specific PM2.5 from all-source PM2.5. Estimates with traffic-specific PM2.5 were generally higher but inconclusive. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier GmbH.
Carotid Endarterectomy and Carotid Artery Stenting Lead to Improved Cognitive Performance in Patients with Severe Carotid Artery Stenosis; In patients with severe carotid artery stenosis, the effects of carotid artery reopening, achieved either by carotid endarterectomy (CEA) or carotid artery stenting (CAS), on cognitive functions remain elusive. Herein, we conducted a prospective study to determine whether and to what extent CEA and CAS affected cognitive performance. Patients admitted to the Department of Neurology or Vascular Surgery in Nanjing First Hospital from December 2012 to March 2015 with a diagnosis of severe carotid artery stenosis (>70%) were included in the study. Among them, 77 patients underwent CEA, 81 patients underwent CAS, and 77 patients who refused to receive aforementioned interventions were enrolled in control group. Of note, all patients in this study received basic pharmacological treatment according to the American Heart Association/American Stroke Association guidelines. Cognitive functions were evaluated by a broad spectrum of neuropsychological tests including the Mini-mental State Examination (MMSE), the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) and event related potential P300 on the day prior to and at 3 months after indicated intervention. When compared with basic pharmacological treatment, both CEA and CAS significantly increased the scores of MMSE and MoCA at 3 months following procedures. Meanwhile, a significant reduction of P300 score was also observed in patients underwent CEA or CAS. In addition, the changes in MMSE, MoCA and P300 scores over time between CEA and CAS groups were not statistically significant. Taken together, our findings suggest an improvement of cognitive functions following carotid artery reopening. Meanwhile, the beneficial effects of CEA and CAS on cognitive performance seem to be equivalent.
Oxygen tension under hyperbaric conditions in healthy pig brain; Objective: To investigate the effect of hyperbaric conditions on brain oxygenation, intracranial pressure and brain glucose/lactate levels in healthy non-brain-traumatized animals. Design and setting: Prospective animal study in a hyperbaric chamber. Subjects: Twelve adult Landrace/Yorkshire pigs. Interventions: The animals were normoventilated in a pressure-controlled mode according to the open lung concept first at normobaric pressures (FiO(2) of 0.4 and 1.0) and subsequently in the hyperbaric chamber at 1.9 and 2.8 bar (both at an FiO(2) of 1.0). Under these conditions brain oxygen tension and intracranial pressure were recorded and brain glucose/lactate levels were measured by microdialysis. Results: At normobaric conditions, increasing the FiO(2) from 0.4 (baseline) to 1.0 resulted in a significant increase in brain oxygen tension from 33 +/- 14 to 63 +/- 28 mmHg (P<0.05). Compared with baseline, both hyperbaric conditions (at an FiO(2) Of 1.0) led to a significant increase in brain oxygen tension to 151 65 mmHg (P<0.001) at 1.9 bar and to 294 +/- 134 mmHg (P<0.001) at 2.8 bar. Conclusions: If there is a need for increased oxygenation in the brain, then one way to achieve this is to apply hyperbaric conditions at 100% oxygen. Compared with an atmospheric pressure with a FiO(2) of 0.4, a nine-fold increase (900%) in PbrO(2) values can be reached by increasing the FiO(2) to 1.0 and the pressure to 2.8 bar. In this study, hyperbaric oxygen pressure in the brain did not lead to changes in intracranial pressure or in brain glucose/lactate levels.
The agreement between colour Doppler systems in measuring internal carotid artery peak systolic velocities; The study was undertaken to determine if the internal carotid artery peak systolic velocities (ICA PSVs) measured by two colour Doppler imaging systems (Acuson 128 and Siemens Quantum) agree sufficiently for the two systems to be interchangeable in evaluating carotid artery disease. One operator obtained blinded measurements of ICA PSV in 63 prospective nonrandomized patients at risk of stroke. The operator examined 20 patients in the first cohort to assess the intraobserver variation, and 43 patients in the second cohort to assess the limits of agreement between the systems. In vitro comparisons of the systems were also undertaken, using. both string and how phantoms. Excluding one outlier, the intraobserver reproducibility coefficient for both machines was 0.48 m s(-1). The limits of agreement (within which 95% of differences lie) between systems were -0.47 to 0.45 m s(-1). This reduced to -0.39 to 0.33 m s(-1) when the one outlier was excluded. This is within the intraobserver reproducibility range. In vitro data show little intersystem variation with phantom velocity. Intratransducer differences increase when the Doppler angle is increased using the string phantom; maximum differences: Acuson 0.30 m s(-1) (42%) and Siemens 0.32 m s(-1) (32%). These are within the in vivo reproducibility range. Intratransducer difference decreases when the Doppler angle is increased using the how phantom, maximum differences: Acuson 0.05 m s(-1) and Siemens 0.07 m s(-1). The results show the systems agree sufficiently to be interchangeable in evaluating carotid artery disease; however, errors in maximum PSVs, caused by operator or system variation, may lead to errors in percent stenosis grading of the carotid arteries.
Safety and efficacy of incobotulinumtoxinA doses up to 800 U in limb spasticity The TOWER study; Objective: To evaluate safety (primary objective) and efficacy of increasing doses (400 U up to 800 U) of incobotulinumtoxinA (Xeomin, Merz Pharmaceuticals GmbH) for patients with limb spasticity. Methods: In this prospective, single-arm, dose-titration study (NCT01603459), patients (18-80 years) with spasticity due to cerebral causes, who were clinically deemed to require total doses of 800 U incobotulinumtoxinA, received 3 consecutive injection cycles (ICs) with 400 U, 600 U, and 600-800 U incobotulinumtoxinA, respectively, each followed by 12-16 weeks' observation. Outcomes included adverse events (AEs), antibody testing, Resistance to Passive Movement Scale (REPAS; based on the Ashworth Scale), and Goal Attainment Scale. Results: In total, 155 patients were enrolled. IncobotulinumtoxinA dose escalation did not lead to an increased incidence of treatment-related AEs (IC1: 4.5%; IC2: 5.3%; IC3: 2.9%). No treatment-related serious AEs occurred. The most frequent AEs overall were falls (7.7%), nasopharyngitis, arthralgia, and diarrhea (6.5% each). Five patients (3.2%) discontinued due to AEs. No patient developed secondary nonresponse due to neutralizing antibodies. Mean (SD) REPAS score improvements from each injection to 4 weeks postinjection increased throughout the study (IC1: -4.6 [ 3.9]; IC2: -5.9 [ 4.2]; IC3: -7.1 [ 4.8]; p, 0.0001 for all). The proportion of patients achieving >= 3 (of 4) treatment goals also increased (IC1: 25.2%; IC2: 50.7%; IC3: 68.6%). Conclusion: Escalating incobotulinumtoxinA doses (400 U up to 800 U) did not compromise safety or tolerability, enabled treatment in a greater number ofmuscles/spasticity patterns, and was associated with increased treatment efficacy, improved muscle tone, and goal attainment.
Three decades of innovation in the management of sickle cell disease: the road to understanding the sickle cell disease clinical phenotype; In the United States, sickle cell disease affects approximately 1 in 350 African-American newborn infants each year, and approximately 72,000 individuals total. Sickle cell disease is the most prevalent genetic hematologic disorder in the US. In 1972, the National, Sickle Cell Disease Control Act was passed by Congress. This Landmark piece of legislation established the National Sickle Cell Disease Program which mandated that scientific research programs should be funded to improve the care and quality of life of patients with sickle cell disease. The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute has been responsible for the organization and funding of the extramural research programs in sickle cell disease since establishment of the National Sickle Cell Disease Program. This review will discuss the major prospective epidemiologic cohort study that described the prevalence and incidence of the major syndromes responsible for the morbidity and mortality in sickle cell disease, as welt as the major phase II and phase III clinical trials that have lead to the major therapeutic advances in the care of sickle cell disease patients. The clinical research conducted by the National Sickle Cell Disease Program has allowed the description of the major risk factors responsible for morbidity and mortatity in sickle cell disease. These clinical studies have paved the way to our understanding the severe phenotype that will ultimately allow aggressive therapies to be targeted to patients at high risk for a morbid outcome. (C) Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Comparison of Electroencephalography and Cerebral Oximetry to Determine the Need for In-Line Arterial Shunting in Patients Undergoing Carotid Endarterectomy; Objective: To compare cerebral near-infrared regional spectroscopy (NIRS) with the 12-lead electroencephalogram for the detection of ischemia during carotid artery clamping for carotid endarterectomy (CEA). Design: Prospective, observational. Setting: Single, tertiary care center. Participants: Ninety patients older than 18 undergoing elective, unilateral CEA. Interventions: In addition to EEG monitoring, all patients underwent continuous blinded NIRS monitoring with sensors placed bilaterally above the supraorbital ridge. Measurements and Main Results: Seventeen patients were excluded, leaving 73 patients available for evaluation. Four patients (5.5%) required shunting based on EEG findings. Changes in cerebral oxygen saturation (rSO(2)) were assessed on the operative side using the average value for the 1 minute prior to cross-clamp and the lowest rSO(2) value the first 5 minutes postclamp. Each 1% absolute decrease and each 1% relative decrease from baseline conferred a 50% increase in the need for shunt placement (OR 1.5; 95% CI (1.03-2.26); p = 0.03 and OR 1.4; 95% CI (1.02-1.81); p = 0.04 respectively). Sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values were determined using significant cutoffs of >= 5% absolute change or >= 10% relative change. Positive predictive value was low ( <25%) for both absolute and relative changes. Conclusions: A decrease in rSO(2) during carotid crossclamping for CEA is associated with EEG-determined need for shunting, but the positive predictive value is low. Using the above cutoffs in the current series would have resulted in an increase in the shunt rate by approximately 20% when it was not indicated by EEG. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparison of mesenchymal stromal cells from human bone marrow and adipose tissue for the treatment of spinal cord injury; Background aims. Bone marrow and subcutaneous adipose tissue are both considered prospective sources of mesenchymal stromal cells (MSCs), which can be used in cell therapy for spinal cord injury (SCI). The present study investigated whether human adipose tissue-derived mesenchymal stromal cells (hADSCs) transplanted into a rat model of SCI would lead to similar or improved neurologic effects compared with human bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stromal cells (hBMSCs). Methods. hADSCs and hBMSCs were isolated from five adult donors. These MSCs were characterized using flow cytometry, immunocytochemistry, real-time polymerase chain reaction and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Immediately after SCI, 2 x 10(5) hBMSCs or hADSCs were injected into the injured spinal cord. Locomotor function, cell survival and differentiation, spinal cord tissue morphology and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) expression were compared between groups. Results. hADSCs and hBMSCs showed similar surface protein expression, and hADSCs showed higher proliferative activity with higher expression of vascular endothelial cell growth factor, hepatocyte growth factor and BDNF than hBMSCs. After transplant, both hADSCs and hBMSCs migrated within the injured spinal cord without differentiating into glial or neuronal elements. Administration of hADSCs was associated with marked changes in the SCI environment, with significant increases in BDNF levels. This was simultaneously associated with increased angiogenesis, preserved axons, decreased numbers of ED1-positive macrophages and reduced lesion cavity formation. These changes were accompanied by improved functional recovery. Conclusions. The present results suggest that hADSCs would be more appropriate for transplant to treat SCI than hBMSCs.
Gene Expression Patterns in Relation to the Clinical Phenotype in Klinefelter Syndrome; Context: Klinefelter syndrome (KS) is the most common chromosome disorder in men (47, XXY), exhibiting a phenotype with marked variation and increased morbidity. The pathophysiological link between the supernumerary X chromosome and the clinical phenotype remains unknown. Objective: To elucidate whether differential gene expression patterns can be detected in KS patients and whether these are related to inherent clinical features. Design, Setting, Participants: EXAKT (Epigenetics, X-chromosomal Features and Clinical Applications in Klinefelter Syndrome Trial) is a Munster-based prospective project involving 132 Klinefelter men and their parents. A range of cardiovascular, inflammatory, and metabolic factors, in comparison to age-matched male (n = 50)/female controls (n = 50) and in relation to genetic features, is assessed. Main Outcomes and Measures: Our predefined hypothesis was that differential gene expression patterns in blood cells exist in KS patients vs male controls and are related to the clinical phenotype. Results: Differential expression of 36 X-chromosomal and autosomal genes put KS patients into a unique genetic setting vs male and female controls. The KS cohort exhibited increased insulin resistance, enhanced inflammatory and procoagulatory status, higher waist circumference, dyslipidemia, and a markedly shorter 12-lead electrocardiogram QTc interval (partly located within the pathological range) vs male controls (all P < .001). Clinical dyshomeostasis was associated with expression patterns of dysregulated genes (all P < .01). Parental origin of the supernumerary X chromosome was a confounder regarding insulin resistance and cardiac phenotype (P < .05). Results are considered preliminary because gene expression was measured in blood cells. Conclusions: The supernumerary X chromosome contributes to a number of pathologies in KS. The pattern of gene expression is altered in KS, and the degree of differential gene expression is associated with the clinical phenotype.
Ivabradine, a novel heart rate slower: Is it a sword of double blades in patients with idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy?; Objective: To prospectively assess the safety and efficacy of ivabradine in patients with idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy. Methods: We included 35 patients with idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy with an ejection fraction (EF) <40% and heart rate >70 beats/min despite optimal medical therapy, according to the international guidelines in this prospective, non-randomized, single-arm, open-label safety study. Ivabradine was used as an add-on therapy to the maximally tolerated B-blocker in an increasing titrated dose till a target dose of 15 mg/day or resting heart rate of 60 beats/min for 3 months. During follow-up period the safety, patient tolerance and efficacy of this drug were assessed. All patients underwent 12-lead resting electrocardiography and Holter monitoring at inclusion and after 3 months. Statistical analysis was accomplished using paired t-test and Pearson correlation analysis. Results: We found a significant reduction in the resting heart rate by a mean of 25.9 +/- 9.4%, without a significant change of blood pressure. There was no prolongation of PR, QTc or QRS durations. Ventricular ectopic activity showed significant reduction (p<0.001). There was a significant correlation between the resting heart rate, NYHA and left ventricular ejection fraction (p<0.001 for both). One patient developed photopsia and decompensation was observed in another patient. Conclusion: Ivabradine is a safe and effective drug in reducing resting heart rate, improving NYHA functional class without undesirable effects on conduction parameters or ectopic activity. (Anadolu Kardiyol Derg 2011; 11: 402-6)
Association between R-wave amplitude of the electrocardiogram and myocardial function during coronary artery bypass grafting; Objective: The recovery of R-wave amplitude in the V-5 lead of the electrocardiogram (EGG) was recently found to be worse in nonsurvivors than in survivors after coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). On the contrary, an increase in R-wave amplitude has been found to reflect myocardial dysfunction in exercise testing. The purpose of this study was to examine whether the changes in R-wave amplitude are associated with changes of myocardial function during CABG. Design: A prospective clinical study, Setting: Cardiothoracic division of surgery in a university hospital, Participants: Ten consecutive patients undergoing CABG. Measurements: R-wave amplitude was measured at eight different time points, Left ventricular end-systolic wall tension, wall stress at isovolumic contraction (afterload), end-diastolic wall stress (preload), end-systolic wall stress per end-systolic area (contractility), and stroke work were calculated using transesophageal echocardiography and arterial pressure, Main Results: Linear regression was calculated between changes in R-wave amplitude and echo parameters, A weak positive association within subjects was noted among R amplitude and all measured cardiac function parameters except preload. R-2 value varied from 0.101 to 0.266, and R-2 for preload was 0.017, Conclusions: These results suggest that only 10% to 27% of variation in R-wave amplitude can be explained by left ventricular function indices measured by echocardiography in patients with CABG. Thus, R-wave amplitude changes in an individual patient undergoing CABG have very limited utility as a noninvasive measure of left ventricular function. Copyright (C) 1997 by W.B. Saunders Company.
Outcome of aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage in patients on anticoagulant treatment; Background and Purpose Intracranial hemorrhage is an important complication of treatment with anticoagulants. We studied outcome of aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) occurring in patients on anticoagulant drugs because this may influence management of patients needing anticoagulant treatment but with increased risk of aneurysmal hemorrhage. Methods From the prospective database of patients admitted with SAH to the Utrecht University Hospital, we compared 3-month outcome in patients with or without anticoagulant drugs by means of stratified analyses to adjust relative risks for biological and clinical differences between the two groups. Results Death or dependency after SAH occurred in 14 of 15 patients on anticoagulant treatment and in 62 of 126 patients not being treated with anticoagulants (relative risk, 1.9; 95% confidence interval, 1.5 to 2.4). The patients on treatment with anticoagulants were more often comatose on admission; the frequencies of rebleeding, secondary ischemia, and hydrocephalus were not higher in patients on anticoagulants. In the stratified analysis, the worse outcome in the group on anticoagulant drugs was not essentially influenced by differences in sex, age, cardiovascular history, site of aneurysm, amount of cisternal blood, or extension of hemorrhage into the ventricles. Conclusions The outcome of aneurysmal SAH in patients on anticoagulant drugs is extremely poor. The explanation for the worse prognosis in patients on anticoagulants lies in a worse clinical condition from the outset. The poor outcome urges a reconsideration of the balance of risks for anticoagulant treatment in patients with an unoperated intracranial aneurysm or with a family history of SAH and may lead to withholding treatment with anticoagulant drugs or to a preventive operation.
Is Early DNR a Self-Fulfilling Prophecy for Patients with Spontaneous Intracerebral Hemorrhage?; To investigate differences in outcome of patients with intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) based on institution of do-not-resuscitate (DNR) order within first 24 h of admission. A prospective registry of patients presenting with ICH from Jan 2006 to Dec 2008 was created. Patients with and without DNR orders instituted within 24 h of admission were classified as cases and controls respectively and were matched based on age and stroke severity. Demographics, intracerebral volume of hematoma, intraventricular extension of hemorrhage (IVH), invasive treatments, and outcomes at discharge were collected. All patients were followed up at least for 1 year, to determine mortality outcomes. Of a total of 245 subjects, 18 % had DNR order instituted within 24 h of admission. After matching, a total of 69 controls were available for 44 cases. There was no difference in demographics, IVH extension, volume of hemorrhage, and length of stay among cases and controls. Higher proportions of controls had surgical evacuation of the hematoma (p = 0.0125) and mechanical ventilation (p = 0.0001). There was no significant difference in functional outcome and survival rates among cases and controls at the end of 1 week, 1 month, and 1 year. DNR institution and restriction of resuscitation was not associated with poor outcome or difference in survival within 1 year after ICH. This indicates an early DNR probably does not lead to a self-fulfilling prophecy in this population, and might be explained by our practice, were DNR orders do not impact the level of supportive medical care we provide.
Left Ventricular Function Improves after Pulmonary Valve Replacement in Patients with Previous Right Ventricular Outflow Tract Reconstruction and Biventricular Dysfunction; Congenital heart defects that have a component of right ventricular outflow tract obstruction, such as tetralogy of Fallot, are frequently palliated in childhood by disruption of the pulmonary valve. Although this can provide an initial improvement in quality of life, these patients are often left with severe pulmonary valve insufficiency. Over time, this insufficiency can lead to enlargement of the right ventricle and to the deterioration of right ventricular systolic and diastolic function. Pulmonary valve replacement in these patients decreases right ventricular volume overload and improves right ventricular performance. To date, few studies have examined the effects of pulmonary valve replacement on left ventricular function in patients with biventricular dysfunction. We sought to perform such an evaluation. Records of adult patients who had undergone pulmonary valve replacement from January 2003 through November 2006 were analyzed retrospectively. We reviewed preoperative and postoperative echocardiograms and calculated left ventricular function in 38 patients. In the entire cohort the mean left ventricular ejection fraction increased by a mean of 0.07 after pulmonary valve replacement which was a statistically significant change (P<0.01). In patients with preoperative ejection fractions of less than 0.50, mean ejection fractions increased by 0.10. We conclude that pulmonary valve replacement in patients with biventricular dysfunction arising from severe pulmonary insufficiency and right ventricular enlargement can improve left ventricular function. Prospective studies are needed to verify this finding. (Tex Heart Met J 2011;38(3):234-7)
Warfarin maintenance dosing patterns in clinical practice - Implications for safer anticoagulation in the elderly population; Background: The use of anticoagulant therapy is expanding among the elderly population, in part because of the increasing prevalence of atrial fibrillation. Published data describing the warfarin maintenance dose requirements for this age group are limited. Because warfarin therapy is often initiated in the outpatient setting where significant barriers to daily monitoring exist for this patient population, a better understanding of the factors that predict lower dose requirements may reduce the risk of unanticipated overanticoagulation and hemorrhage. Objective: To define the effects of age and gender on the warfarin maintenance dose among ambulatory adult patients with an international normalized ratio target between 2.0 and 3.0. Design: Prospective cohort study and retrospective cohort secondary data source. Setting: One hundred one community-based physician practices with dedicated warfarin management systems and an academic medical center anticoagulation clinic. Patients: A total of 4,616 patients comprised the prospective cohort, and 7,586 patients comprised the retrospective cohort. Of the 12,202 patients, 2,359 were a 80 years of age. Measurements: Median weekly and daily maintenance warfarin dose. Results: The warfarin dose was inversely related to age and was strongly associated with gender. The median weekly dose ranged from 45 mg (6.4 mg/d) for men who were < 50 years of age to 22 mg (3.1 mg1d) for women >= 80 years of age. The weekly dose declined by 0.4 mg/yr (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.37 to 0.44; p < 0.001) and women required 4.5 mg less per week than men (95% CI, 3.8 to 5.3; p < 0.001). Among patients who were > 70 years of age, the often-suggested initiation dose of 5 mg/d will be excessive for 82% of women and 65% of men. Conclusions: Warfarin dose requirements decrease greatly with age. Older women require the lowest warfarin doses. These observations suggest that, when warfarin is being initiated, the commonly employed empiric starting dose of 5 mg/d will lead to overanticoagulation for the majority of patients in the geriatric age group; lower initiation and maintenance doses should be considered for the elderly.
Cardiovascular risk assessment in the treatment of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis: a secondary analysis of the MOZART trial; Background: Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is associated with increased cardiovascular risk and mortality. No US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved therapies for NASH are available; clinical trials to date have not yet systematically assessed for changes in cardiovascular risk. This study examines the prospective utility of cardiovascular risk assessments, the Framingham risk score (FRS) and coronary artery calcium (CAC) score, as endpoints in a NASH randomized clinical trial, and assesses whether histologic improvements lead to lower cardiovascular risk. Methods: Secondary analysis of a 24-week randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (MOZART) in which 50 biopsy-proven NASH patients received oral ezetimibe 10 mg daily (n = 25) versus placebo (n = 25). Biochemical profiling, FRS, CAC scores, liver biopsies were obtained at baseline and endpoint. Results: Ezetimibe improved FRS whereas placebo did not (4.4 +/- 6.2 to 2.9 4.8, p = 0.038; 3.0 +/- 4.4 to 2.9 +/- 4.2, p = 0.794). CAC scores did not change with ezetimibe or placebo (180.4 +/- 577.2 to 194.1 +/- 623.9, p = 0.293; 151.4 +/- 448.9 to 183.3 +/- 555.7, p = 0.256). Ezetimibe improved FRS and CAC scores in more patients than placebo (48% versus 23%, p = 0.079, and 21% versus 0%, p = 0.090, respectively), though not significantly. No differences were noted in cardiovascular risk scores among histologic responders versus nonresponders. Conclusions: Ezetimibe improved FRS whereas placebo did not. FRS and CAC scores improved in a greater proportion of patients with ezetimibe; this trend did not reach significance. These findings indicate the utility and feasibility of monitoring cardiovascular risk in a NASH trial. The utility of CAC scores may be higher in trials of longer duration (>= 52 weeks) and with older patients (age >= 45).
The close association between dental and periodontal treatments and oral ulcer course in behcet's disease: a prospective clinical study; The aim of the study was to evaluate the influence of dental and periodontal treatments to the course of oral ulcers in patients with Behcet's disease (BD). Fifty-eight consecutive BD patients with oral ulcers were studied. Twenty-nine patients were in the intervention group (F/M: 15/14, mean age: 39.6 +/- 6.9 years) and 29 (F/M: 15/14, 39.4 +/- 10.6 years) were followed with a conventional treatment approach. In addition to oral hygiene education, dental and periodontal treatments were carried out in the intervention group, whereas the control group was only given oral hygiene education. Patients were evaluated in the pre-treatment observation period (1 month), treatment period (1 month) and 6 months after treatment. An increase in the number of new oral ulcers (4.1 +/- 3.5) was observed within 2 days during the treatment compared with 3-30 days during treatment month (2.3 +/- 1.2) (P = 0.002). However, 6 months after the treatment, the number of oral ulcers (1.9 +/- 1.5) was significantly lower compared with the pre-treatment observation (4.8 +/- 3.2) (P = 0.000) and treatment periods (6.4 +/- 2.3) in the intervention group (P = 0.05), whereas a similar oral ulcer presence was observed in the control group (2.8 +/- 2.4, 3.7 +/- 2.3 and 4.8 +/- 4.3, respectively) (P > 0.05). Dental and periodontal indices were also better in the intervention group during the 6-month follow-up. Our results suggest that, in BD patients, dental and periodontal therapies could be associated with a flare-up of oral ulcers in the short term, but may decrease their number in longer follow-up. They also lead to a better oral health.
Differences in the Results and Interpretation of Oxidized LDL Cholesterol by Two ELISA Assays - An Evaluation with Samples from the PIOstat Study; Background: The oxidized LDL-particles (oxLDL) are considered to be an important driving factor in the pathophysiology of arteriosclerosis. Few methods exist today to directly determine oxLDL in human plasma. We evaluated the plausibility of results derived from a new ELISA (Immundiagnostik, Bensheim, Germany) in comparison to a different ELISA test (Mercodia, Uppsala, Sweden). Methods: Samples from a previous prospective, randomized study comparing the effects of pioglitazone with simvastatin on chronic systemic inflammation were measured at baseline and endpoint with both tests. Both drugs are known to have a decreasing effect oil circulating small dense oxLDL, levels. Results: In total, 84 patients without diabetes mellitus were included into this analysis (45 female, 39 male, age(mean +/- SD): 58 +/- 8 years). With the Mercodia ELISA, a decrease in oxLDL was seen with simvastatin only (Mean +/- SD: 54.2 +/- 12.5 U/L at baseline vs. 42.9 +/- 12.9 U/L at endpoint; p<0.001, pioglitzone: 53.8 +/- 13.2 U/L vs. 54.3 +/- 15.254 U/L, n.s.). In contrast, a decrease of oxLDL was observed with the new ELISA for both drugs (simvastatin 65.1 +/- 21.8 ng/mL vs. 52.7 +/- 19.8 pioglitazone: 72.8 +/- 26.1 ng/ml vs. 57.9 +/- 22.1 ng/ml, p < 0.01 vs. baseline in both cases). Conclusion: Determination of oxLDL with the Mercodia method lead to lower results and detected only the changes with simvastatin. While statins decrease the overall number of oxLDL particles, pioglitazone predominantly changes the size and LDL composition leading to larger particles with lower oxidation. In our study, the Immundiagnostik ELISA but not the competitive method confirmed the expected efficacy of PPAR gamma-activation in decreasing the oxidation of LDL particles. (Clin. Lab. 2009;55:275-281)
Long-term prognosis associated with J-point elevation in a large middle-aged biracial cohort: the ARIC study; Aims An association has been described between death from arrhythmia and early repolarization, an electrocardiogram pattern characterized by elevation of the QRS-ST junction (J-point). Little is known about this relationship in non-white populations. This study examines the relationship between J-point elevation (JPE) and sudden cardiac death (SCD) and whether this relationship differs by race or sex. Methods and results A total of 15 141 middle-aged subjects from the prospective, population-based Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study were included in this analysis. The primary endpoint was physician-adjudicated SCD occurring from baseline (1987-1989) through December 2002, secondary endpoints were fatal and non-fatal coronary events and all-cause mortality occurring through December 2007. J-point elevation was defined as J-point amplitude >= 0.1 mV. Pre-specified subgroup analyses by sex and race were conducted. J-point elevation in any lead was present in 1866 subjects (12.3%). After adjustment for demographic, clinical, lifestyle, and laboratory variables, JPE was not significantly related to SCD in the overall sample [adjusted hazard ratio (HR), 1.23; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.87-1.75]. However, significant interactions were present between race and JPE (P = 0.006) and between sex and JPE (P = 0.020). J-point elevation was significantly predictive of SCD in whites (adjusted HR, 2.03; 95% CI, 1.28-3.21) and in females (adjusted HR, 2.54; 95% CI, 1.34-4.82). Conclusion Our results suggest that JPE is associated with an increased risk of SCD in whites and in females, but not in blacks or males. Further studies are needed to clarify which subgroups of individuals with JPE are at increased risk for adverse cardiac events.
The relation of markers of inflammation to the development of glucose disorders in the elderly - The cardiovascular health study; Several studies suggest that inflammation plays a role in the pathogenesis of some glucose disorders in adults. We tested this hypothesis in a longitudinal cohort study of older individuals who had normal fasting glucose (FG) values at baseline. We compared the baseline levels of six inflammatory markers in participants who had developed glucose disorders at follow-up with those of participants whose FG remained normal at follow-up. Participants were members of the Cardiovascular Health Study, a prospective study of risk factors for cardiovascular disease in adults greater than or equal to 65 years. All 5,888 participants had baseline testing, including FG and markers of inflammation: white blood cell and platelet counts and albumin, fibrinogen, C-reactive protein (CRP), and factor VIIIc levels. At 3-4 years of follow-up, 4,481 (84.5%) of those who were alive had FG levels retested. Participants who developed diabetes (n = 45) had higher median levels of CRP at baseline than those who remained normoglycemic. On multivariate analysis, those with elevated CRP levels (75th percentile [2.86 mg/l] vs. 25th percentile [0.82 mg/l]) were 2.03 times (95% confidence intervals, 1.44-2.86) more likely to have diabetes on follow-up. Adjustment for confounders and other inflammatory markers did not appreciably change this finding. There was no relationship between the development of diabetes and other markers of inflammation. Inflammation, as measured by CRP levels, is associated with the development of diabetes in the elderly. Understanding the role of inflammation in the pathogenesis of glucose disorders in this age-group may lead to better classification and treatment of glucose disorders among them.
Risk factors associated with erectile and sexual dysfunction among non-diabetic hemodialysis patients; Objective: Erectile dysfunction (ED) is a commonly encountered complaint among chronic renal failure (CRF) patients. Uremia, psychogenic factors, neuroendocrinologic disturbances, and atherosclerosis are known etiologic factors that lead to ED in CRF patients. The purpose of the current prospective study was to evaluate clinical properties and laboratory findings that are associated with ED in non-diabetic CRF patients undergoing hemodialysis treatment. Materials and methods: Male non-diabetic patients with ED undergoing hemodialysis treatment were included in the study. Erectile and sexual functions were evaluated using the International Index of Erectile Function (IIEF) questionnaire. BUN, creatinine, complete blood count, fasting blood glucose, and lipid levels of all subjects were determined. Penile Doppler ultrasonography (PDU) was performed after intracavernosal injection of 50 mg papaverine HCl. Results: A total of 28 patients were enrolled in the study. Mean age and IIEF-EF domain scores of the patients was 50.5 +/- 10.3 years and 8.5 +/- 6.7, respectively. In the correlation analysis, there was a negative correlation between age and all domains of the IIEF (erectile function, EF: p<0.01, r=-0.724; orgasmic function, OF: p<0.01, r=-0.560; sexual desire, SD: p<0.05, r=-0.445; overall satisfaction, OS: p<0.05, r=-0.391 and intercourse satisfaction, IS: p<0.05, r=-0.455). Peak systolic velocities in PDU at 5, 10, and 20 min were also correlated with age (p=0.012, r=-0.428; p=0.008, r=-0.448; and p=0.009, r=-0.447, respectively). Erectile and sexual functions were significantly better in patiens <= 50 years. Conclusion: In hemodialysis patients, age is a major risk factor for ED development. Increasing age may contribute to ED through age-related damage in penile vascular structures.
High sensitivity C-reactive protein and endothelial function in Chilean patients with history of Kawasaki disease; Kawasaki disease (KD) produces endothelial inflammation, which may lead to dilatation and aneurysms of coronary and peripheral arteries. Previous studies have suggested that these patients can present endothelial dysfunction that can predispose to coronary vascular events late after KD. The purpose of this study was to determine the cardiovascular risk profile and endothelial function of Chilean children with history of KD. In a prospective case-control study, 11 patients with history of KD (age 10.6 +/- 2.0 years, interval from initial episode 8.1 +/- 3.6 years) and 11 healthy, age-, gender-, and BMI z score-matched controls were evaluated with blood pressure (BP), a fasting lipid profile, high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), and flow-mediated dilatation of the brachial artery (FMD). One KD patient (9.1%) had persistent coronary aneurysms. There was a significant difference of mean and log-transformed concentrations of hsCRP between case and control groups (2.3 +/- 3.0 vs 0.5 +/- 0.3 mg/l, P=0.045). None of the patients with elevated hsCRP had persistent coronary arterial lesions. No difference was found in systolic BP z score between the case and control groups. Diastolic BP z score was significantly higher in cases than controls (P=0.039). There were no significant differences of FMD between cases and controls. Mean fasting total cholesterol, high-density and low-density lipoprotein, and triglycerides in cases were normal, with no significant difference vs controls. This study shows that Chilean children with history of KD have increased levels of hsCRP, possibly reflecting persistent low-grade inflammation. The prognostic value of hsCRP in KD patients deserves further investigation.
Geographic Variation in Rosiglitazone Use Surrounding FDA Warnings in the Department of Veterans Affairs; BACKGROUND: Geographic variation in the use of prescription drugs, particularly those deemed harmful by the FDA, may lead to variation in patient exposure to adverse drug events. One such drug is the glucose-lowering drug rosiglitazone, for which the FDA issued a safety alert on May 21, 2007, following the publication of a meta-analysis that suggested a 43% increase in the risk of myocardial infarction with the use of rosiglitazone. This alert was followed by a black box warning on August 14, 2007, that was updated 3 months later. While large declines have been documented in rosiglitazone use in clinical practice, little is known about how the use of rosiglitazone and other glucose-lowering drugs varied within the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), surrounding the FDA alerts. Understanding this variation within integrated health care systems is essential to formulating policies that enhance patient protection and quality of care. OBJECTIVE: To document variation in the use of rosiglitazone and other glucose lowering drugs across 21 Veterans Integrated Service Networks (VISNs). METHODS: We conducted a retrospective analysis of drug use patterns for all major diabetes drugs in a national cohort of 550,550 veterans with diabetes from 2003 to 2008. This included the time periods when rosiglitazone was added to (November 2003) and removed from (October 2007) the VA national formulary (VANF). We employed multivariable logistic regression models to statistically estimate the association between a patient's location and the patient's odds of using rosiglitazone. RESULTS: Aggregate rosiglitazone use increased monotonically from 7.7%, in the quarter it was added to the VANF (November 4, 2003), to a peak of 15.3% in the quarter when the FDA issued the safety alert. Rosiglitazone use decreased sharply afterwards, reaching 3.4% by the end of the study period (September 30, 2008). The use of pioglitazone, another glucose lowering drug in the same class as rosiglitazone, was low when the FDA issued the safety alert (0.4%) but increased sharply afterwards, reaching 3.6% by the end of the study period. Insulin use increased monotonically; metformin use remained relatively flat; and sulfonylurea use exhibited a general declining trend throughout the study period. Statistically significant geographic variation was observed in rosiglitazone use throughout the study period. The prevalence range, defined as the range of minimum to maximum use across VISNs was 3.7%-12.4% in the first quarter (January 1 to March 31, 2003); 1.0%-5.5% in the last quarter of study period (July 1 to September 30, 2008); and reached a peak of 9.6%-25.5% in the quarter when the FDA safety alert was issued (April 1 to March 31, 2007). In 5 VISNs, peak rosiglitazone use occurred before the FDA issued the safety alert. The odds ratio of using rosiglitazone in a given VISN varied from 0.55 (95% CI=0.52-0.59; VISN 10) to 1.58 (95% CI=1.50-1.66; VISN 15), with VISN 1 being the reference region. The variation was higher in the periods after the FDA issued the safety alert. Much less variation was observed in the use of pioglitazone, metformin, sulfonylurea, and insulin. CONCLUSIONS: Our results show statistically significant variation in the way VISNs within the VA responded to the FDA alerts, suggesting a need for mechanisms that disseminate information and guidelines for drug use in a consistent and reliable manner. Further study of regions that adopted ideal practices earlier may provide lessons for regional leadership and practice culture within integrated health care systems. Copyright (C) 2015, Academy of Managed Care Pharmacy. All rights reserved.
Cardiopulmonary responses to exercise in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy; Objective-To examine the submaximal and maximal indices of the exercise response of patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Design and setting-Prospective examination of cardiopulmonary responses to ramp exercise test of a consecutive group of patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy attending a cardiomyopathy outpatient clinic. Methods-50 patients aged 12 to 76 years (mean (SD) 35 (14)) with diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy performed incremental cycle ergometry; 22 sedentary volunteers (seven female, 15 male) aged 14 to 58 years (mean (SD) 31 (12)) served as controls. Respiratory gas was continuously sampled from the mouthpiece, and its concentration profile phase aligned to the respired air flow signals. Following analogue to digital conversion, gas exchange variables were computed breath by breath and the data were averaged every 30 seconds for graphic display. A 12 lead ECG was monitored continuously and recorded every three minutes during the exercise. Results-Both the peak oxygen uptake attained on the test ((V) over dot o(2), peak) and anaerobic threshold were reduced in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy compared with the control group (p < 0.0001). In 29 patients (59%) the (V) over dot o(2), peak was less than 60% and only two patients achieved a peak above 80% of their predicted values. The anaerobic threshold was below 60% of the predicted value in 31 patients and above 80% in only three patients. The slope of oxygen uptake/ work rate relation (Delta(V) over dot o(2)/Delta WR) was decreased in 16 patients (32%). The maximum oxygen pulse ((V) over dot o(2)/HR) was reduced as a percentage of the predicted value, and became flat at high work rates in 32 patients. There was a significant correlation between anaerobic threshold and (V) over dot o(2) peak (p < 0.0001), work efficiency (p < 0.0001), and maximum oxygen pulse (p < 0.0001). The slope of change in ventilation against change in carbon dioxide output (Delta(V) over dot is an element of/Delta(V) over dot CO2) for the subanaerobic threshold range was increased in 36 patients (72%) and was inversely correlated with anaerobic threshold (p < 0.0002). Conclusions-There were severe abnormalities in maximal and submaximal indices of pulmonary gas exchange in a cohort of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy patients attending a referral cardiovascular clinic. The pattern of the abnormalities suggests that a reduced stroke volume response, ventilation/perfusion mismatch, and abnormal peripheral oxygen utilisation are the possible mechanisms of exercise intolerance.
Effects of the levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system on cardiovascular risk markers in patients with endometriosis: a comparative study with the GnRH analogue; Background: The study was conducted to evaluate the cardiovascular risk markers associated with endometriosis and the influence of the levonorgestrel intrauterine system (LNG-TUS) compared with the GnRH analogue (GnRHa) leuprolide acetate on these risk markers after 6 months of treatment. Study Design: This was a randomized, prospective, open clinical Study, with 44 patients with laparoscopically and histologically confirmed endometriosis. Patients were randomized into two groups: the LNG-IUS group, composed of 22 patients who underwent LNG-IUS insertion., and the GnRHa group, composed of 22 patients who received a monthly GnRHa injection for 6 months. Body mass index systolic and diastolic arterial blood pressure; heart rate; and laboratory cardiovascular risk markers such as interlelikin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), C-reactive protein (CRP), homocysteine (HMC), lipid profile, total leukocytes and vascular cell adhesion molecule (VCAM) were measured before and 6 months after treatment. Results: After 6 months of treatment, a significant reduction in pain score occurred in both groups with no significant difference in improvement between the two medications evaluated. In the LNG-IUS group, from pretreatment to posttreatment period, there was a significant reduction in the levels (mean +/- SD) of VCAM (92.8 +/- 4.2 to 91.2 +/- 2.7 ng/mL, p=.04), CRP (0.38 +/- 0.30 to 0.28 +/- 0.21 mg/dL, p=.03), total cholesterol (247.0 +/- 85.0 to 180.0 +/- 31.0 mg/dL, p=.0002), triglycerides (118.0 +/- 76.0 to 86.5 +/- 41.5 mg/dL, p=.003), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (160.5 +/- 66.0 to 114.5 +/- 25.5 mg/dL, p=.0005) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (63.0 +/- 20.5 to 48.5 +/- 10.5 mg/dL, p=.002). The GnRHa group showed an increase in HMC levels (11.5 +/- 2.9 to 13.0 +/- 2.7 mu mol/L, p=.04) and a reduction in IL-6 levels (4.3 +/- 3.9 to 2.3 +/- 0.8 pg/mL, p=.005), VCAM (94.0 +/- 3.8 to 92.0 +/- 1.6 ng/mL, p=.03) and total leukocytes (7330 +/- 2554 to 6350 +/- 1778, p=.01). In the GnRH group, the remaining variables, including lipid profile, did not show any statistical difference. Conclusions: This study shows that some cardiovascular risk markers are influenced by both GnRHa and the LNG-TUS, but the latter had a greater positive impact on the lipid profile, which could lead to a favorable effect during long-term treatment. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Femoral neck bone mineral density in ambulatory men with poliomyelitis; We evaluated bilateral femoral neck bone mineral densities (FNBMDs) in 32 men with poliomyelitis and their matched controls. Men with poliomyelitis had significantly lower FNBMD in both legs, and FNBMD was lowest in their shorter legs. Knee extensor strength and regular exercise were important predictive factors associated with decreased FNBMD. People with poliomyelitis (polio) are prone to leg fractures after mild trauma. The flaccid paralysis, asymmetric involvement, and underdeveloped growth of afflicted legs may lead to osteoporosis of either leg, characterized by different patterns. This study aimed to measure their femoral FNBMD and to explore the factors associated with changes in FNBMD in either leg. We did a prospective study to evaluate bilateral FNBMD with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry in 32 men with polio (age range, 41-57 years; mean, 47 years) and 32 age- and body mass index-matched controls. Measuring the difference in leg length, we classified the legs of each polio subject as "longer" or "shorter." In addition, we chose the right leg of each control as a reference leg. We then used the Mann-Whitney U test to compare FNBMD of these three groups of legs and searched for the factors associated with FNBMD using stepwise multiple regression analyses. Compared to the reference leg, men with polio had significantly lower FNBMD in both their longer and shorter legs, by 13% and 23%, respectively. The difference in FNBMD between the two legs of polio subjects was significant. Knee extensor strength and regular exercise were two important factors associated with bilateral FNBMD in men with polio. Men with polio had lower bilateral FNBMD. FNBMD of the shorter leg should be the choice for predicting the risk of hip fracture in men with polio because on average, the shorter leg has lower BMD.
Electrocardiographic Changes in Patients with Isolated Traumatic Brain Injury and Their Correlation with Outcome; Objectives Electrocardiography (ECG) can be used as an inexpensive tool to identify high-risk patients who are at risk of developing cardiac dysfunction following traumatic brain injury (TBI). In the present article, we report our experience with the incidence of electrocardiographic changes in patients with TBI patients and their correlation with overall outcome. Materials and Methods All the patients who were admitted with the diagnosis of TBI under neurosurgery were included in the study. Clinical details and 12 lead ECG details for any ECG abnormalities (rhythm abnormalities, conduction abnormalities, QRS ST complex abnormalities, nonspecific ST changes, QT interval abnormalities, and data regarding outcome) were recorded. The data were entered into a spreadsheet and analyzed using StatsDirect version 3 statistical analysis software. Data were expressed using descriptive statistics-frequency and percentage for categorical variables. Pearson chi-square test was used to identify significance. p < 0.05 was considered significant. Results A total of 109 patients and same number of admission ECGs were available for interpretation. Mild head injury was most common (65.1%) followed by severe (18.3%) and moderate (15.6%) head injuries. ECG results were normal in 97 patients and were abnormal in 12 patients. Statistical analysis showed that the correlation among severity of the head injury, ECG results, and outcome was significant. However, there was no significant correlation between QTc and outcome, and correlation between severity of head injury and outcome. Conclusion The present study highlights the need to recognize the importance of ECG as a simple tool to identify the cardiovascular changes in patients with TBI. However, there is a need to conduct further prospective studies to supplement these findings with changes in the levels of cardiac enzymes or associated echocardiography abnormalities and their correlation with ECG findings and overall outcome.
A Pilot Study Assessing ECG versus ECHO Ventriculoventricular Optimization in Pediatric Resynchronization Patients; Pediatric Resynchronization Patients Introduction: Cardiac resynchronization therapy indications and management are well described in adults. Echocardiography (ECHO) has been used to optimize mechanical synchrony in these patients; however, there are issues with reproducibility and time intensity. Pediatric patients add challenges, with diverse substrates and limited capacity for cooperation. Electrocardiographic (ECG) methods to assess electrical synchrony are expeditious but have not been extensively studied in children. We sought to compare ECHO and ECG CRT optimization in children. Methods: Prospective, pediatric, single-center cross-over trial comparing ECHO and ECG optimization with CRT. Patients were assigned to undergo either ECHO or ECG optimization, followed for 6 months, and crossed-over to the other assignment for another 6 months. ECHO pulsed-wave tissue Doppler and 12-lead ECG were obtained for 5 VV delays. ECG optimization was defined as the shortest QRSD and ECHO optimization as the lowest dyssynchrony index. ECHOs/ECGs were interpreted by readers blinded to optimization technique. After each 6 month period, these data were collected: ejection fraction, velocimetry-derived cardiac index, quality of life, ECHO-derived stroke distance, M-mode dyssynchrony, study cost, and time. Outcomes for each optimization method were compared. Results: From June 2012 to December 2013, 19 patients enrolled. Mean age was 9.1 4.3 years; 14 (74%) had structural heart disease. The mean time for optimization was shorter using ECG than ECHO (9 +/- 1 min vs. 68 +/- 13 min, P < 0.01). Mean cost for charges was $4,400 +/- 700 less for ECG. No other outcome differed between groups. Conclusion: ECHO optimization of synchrony was not superior to ECG optimization in this pilot study. ECG optimization required less time and cost than ECHO optimization.
Screening for type 2 diabetes mellitus: A cost-effectiveness analysis; Background: No randomized, controlled trial of screening for diabetes has been conducted. in the absence of direct evidence, cost-effectiveness models may provide guidance about preferred screening strategies. Objective: To estimate the incremental cost-effectiveness of 2 diabetes screening strategies: screening targeted to people with hypertension and universal screening. Design: Markov model. Data Sources: United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study, Hypertension Optimal Treatment trial, and recent cost data. Target Population: General primary care population in the United States. Time Horizon: Lifetime. Perspective: Health care system. Interventions: Diabetes screening targeted to people with hypertension and universal screening. Outcome Measures: Cost per quality-adjusted life-year (QALY) gained. Costs (in 1997 U.S. dollars) and QALYs discounted at a 3% annual rate. Results of Base-Case Analysis: At all ages, incremental cost-effectiveness ratios were more favorable for screening targeted to people with hypertension than for universal screening. For example, at age 55 years, the cost per QALY for targeted screening compared with no screening was $34 375, whereas the cost per QALY for universal screening compared with targeted screening was $360 966. Screening was more cost-effective for ages 55 to 75 years than for younger ages. Results of Sensitivity Analysis: in single-way and probabilistic sensitivity analyses, findings were robust to therapy costs, screening costs, screening lead time, reduced effectiveness of intensive antihypertensive therapy, and increased relative risk reduction for stroke attributable to intensive hypertension control. Limitations: We did not consider screening targeted to persons with dyslipidemia, and we used studies of people whose diabetes was detected clinically to estimate screening benefits. Conclusions: Diabetes screening targeted to people with hypertension is more cost-effective than universal screening. The most cost-effective strategy is targeted screening at age 55 to 75 years.
Bioimpedance cardiac output measurements in patients with presumed congestive heart failure; Objective: To describe preliminary ED experience with thoracic electrical bioimpedance (TEB) for evaluation of patients with complaints suggestive of congestive heart failure (CHF). Methods: A 6-month, prospective, observational study was performed using a convenience sample of patients with signs and symptoms consistent with CHE Patients were excluded if they had received medication prior to arrival in the ED, if they were obese, and if they had unstable vital signs. They also were excluded if they were combative, refused to sign consent, or had invasive lines that did not allow for TEE lead placement, Patients also were excluded if the study could not be completed because the patient was taken from the department for a diagnostic test, or if there were no good follow-up records available 6-12 months after the patient's visit, The patient's physician was blinded to the output of the TEE monitor. Cardiac output (CO), stroke volume (SV), end-diastolic volume (EDV), thoracic fluid index (TFI), and acceleration index (ACI) were recorded at 5-minute intervals, Results were evaluated for the time intervals 0-5 minutes, 30-35 minutes, and 60-65 minutes. Results: Seven patients were included in the study. The echocardiographic diagnoses were hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (2 cases), dilated cardiomyopathy (2 cases), ischemic cardiomyopathy (1 case), right ventricular hypertrophy (1 case), and pericardial effusion (1 case), Significant changes were seen in all cardiac parameters, with variance from individual to individual. Conclusions: Significant differences in TEE variables exist between patients who appear similar on initial examination in the ED. Changes noted on TEE may help to further elucidate physiologic differences, The clinical use of TEE-based hemodynamic measurements to guide presumed CHF patient management remains speculative.
Standardized Endoscopic Swallowing Evaluation for Tracheostomy Decannulation in Critically Ill Neurologic Patients; Objectives: Decisions regarding tracheostomy tube removal after mechanical ventilation often depend on the physician's individual experience because evidence-based practice guidelines are still scarce, especially for critically ill neurologic patients. In these patients, the prevalence of aspiration is high and regarded as an important contributor to decannulation failure. The presence of severe neurological deficits may, however, give clinicians the subjective impression that a tracheostomy tube is still necessary although decannulation may actually be safe. It is therefore crucial to test swallowing function reliably prior to decannulation in this patient population. Design: Prospective observational study. Setting: University hospital, neurological ICU. Patients: One hundred tracheostomized patients with acute neurologic disease completely weaned from mechanical ventilation. Interventions: An endoscopic protocol evaluating readiness for decannulation and a conventional clinical swallowing examination were carried out by separate, experienced practitioners blinded to each other's decisions. Patient management always followed the decision made with endoscopy. Measurements and Main Results: Practitioners' decannulation decisions (yes/no) reached with both assessments were compared. Decannulated patients were monitored throughout their stay for complications related to tube removal. Endoscopy was performed successfully in all subjects without any complications. Following the protocol, the tracheostomy tube was successfully removed in 54 patients, whereas according to the clinical swallowing examination, only 29 patients would have been decannulated at that point. Only one patient needed recannulation due to respiratory problems, resulting in a failure rate of 1.9%. Conclusions: In neurologic patients, speech-language pathologists' impressions about the patient's state when clinically assessing indirect variables of swallowing function often lead to the unnecessary prolongation of cannulation time. Endoscopic evaluation has the advantage of objectively visualizing the patient's ability to manage secretions directly and allows for faster but, nonetheless, safe decannulation. The endoscopic protocol proposed here is a safe, efficient, and objective bedside tool to guide decannulation decisions.
Extended Mechanical Circulatory Support With a Continuous-Flow Rotary Left Ventricular Assist Device; Objectives This study sought to evaluate the use of a continuous-flow rotary left ventricular assist device (LVAD) as a bridge to heart transplantation. Background LVAD therapy is an established treatment modality for patients with advanced heart failure. Pulsatile LVADs have limitations in design precluding their use for extended support. Continuous-flow rotary LVADs represent an innovative design with potential for small size and greater reliability by simplification of the pumping mechanism. Methods In a prospective, multicenter study, 281 patients urgently listed (United Network of Organ Sharing status 1A or 1B) for heart transplantation underwent implantation of a continuous-flow LVAD. Survival and transplantation rates were assessed at 18 months. Patients were assessed for adverse events throughout the study and for quality of life, functional status, and organ function for 6 months. Results Of 281 patients, 222 (79%) underwent transplantation, LVAD removal for cardiac recovery, or had ongoing LVAD support at 18-month follow-up. Actuarial survival on support was 72% (95% confidence interval: 65% to 79%) at 18 months. At 6 months, there were significant improvements in functional status and 6-min walk test (from 0% to 83% of patients in New York Heart Association functional class I or II and from 13% to 89% of patients completing a 6-min walk test) and in quality of life (mean values improved 41% with Minnesota Living With Heart Failure and 75% with Kansas City Cardiomyopathy questionnaires). Major adverse events included bleeding, stroke, right heart failure, and percutaneous lead infection. Pump thrombosis occurred in 4 patients. Conclusions A continuous-flow LVAD provides effective hemodynamic support for at least 18 months in patients awaiting transplantation, with improved functional status and quality of life. (Thoratec HeartMate II Left Ventricular Assist System [LVAS] for Bridge to Cardiac Transplantation; NCT00121472) (J Am Coll Cardiol 2009; 54: 312-21) (C) 2009 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation
Prospective Randomized Study to Assess the Efficacy of Site and Rate of Atrial Pacing on Long-Term Progression of Atrial Fibrillation in Sick Sinus Syndrome: Septal Pacing for Atrial Fibrillation Suppression Evaluation (SAFE) Study; Background-Atrial-based pacing is associated with lower risk of atrial fibrillation (AF) in sick sinus syndrome compared with ventricular pacing; nevertheless, the impact of site and rate of atrial pacing on progression of AF remains unclear. We evaluated whether long-term atrial pacing at the right atrial (RA) appendage versus the low RA septum with (ON) or without (OFF) a continuous atrial overdrive pacing algorithm can prevent the development of persistent AF. Methods and Results-We randomized 385 patients with paroxysmal AF and sick sinus syndrome in whom a pacemaker was indicated to pacing at RA appendage ON (n=98), RA appendage OFF (n=99), RA septum ON (n=92), or RA septum OFF (n=96). The primary outcome was the occurrence of persistent AF (AF documented at least 7 days apart or need for cardioversion). Demographic data were homogeneous across both pacing site (RA appendage/RA septum) and atrial overdrive pacing (ON/OFF). After a mean follow-up of 3.1 years, persistent AF occurred in 99 patients (25.8%; annual rate of persistent AF, 8.3%). Alternative site pacing at the RA septum versus conventional RA appendage (hazard ratio=1.18; 95% confidence interval, 0.79-1.75; P=0.65) or continuous atrial overdrive pacing ON versus OFF (hazard ratio=1.17; 95% confidence interval, 0.79-1.74; P=0.69) did not prevent the development of persistent AF. Conclusions-In patients with paroxysmal AF and sick sinus syndrome requiring pacemaker implantation, an alternative atrial pacing site at the RA septum or continuous atrial overdrive pacing did not prevent the development of persistent AF.
High sucrose intake is associated with poor quality of diet and growth between 13 months and 9 years of age:: The Special Turku Coronary Risk Factor Intervention Project; BACKGROUND. Previous studies have suggested that interventions to lower dietary fat content and improved fat quality lead to a compensatory increase in sucrose content. OBJECTIVE. The purpose of this work was to determine what associations exist between sucrose intake and intake of nutrients, intake of specific foods, and growth in children aged 13 months to 9 years of age in the prospective, randomized Special Turku Coronary Risk Factor Intervention Project. SUBJECTS AND METHODS. Nutrient intake and food consumption were evaluated annually at ages 13 months through 9 years by using food records. Altogether, 543 children were divided into 3 groups according to mean sucrose intake: constantly high sucrose intake (highest 10%), constantly low sucrose intake (lowest 10%), and average sucrose intake (80%). Absolute and relative weights and heights were recorded at 7, 13, and 24 months of age and annually thereafter until 9 years old. RESULTS. The high sucrose-intake group exceeded the recommended sucrose intake (< 10% of energy intake, World Health Organization) already at the age of 2 years. Energy and total fat intake did not differ between the sucrose-intake groups. Children with low and average sucrose intake consumed more protein and had a better dietary fat quality than children with high sucrose intake. They also tended to receive more vitamin E, niacin, calcium, iron, zinc, and dietary fiber than children who consumed a high sucrose diet. Children in the low sucrose-intake group consumed more grains, vegetables, and dairy products than the other children. Sugar intake had no direct association with obesity, but weight, height, and BMI of children differed between the sucrose-intake groups between 7 months and 9 years of age. CONCLUSIONS. In children aged 13 months to 9 years, long-term low sucrose intake is associated with better nutrient intake and growth than high sucrose intake.
P Wave Dispersion and QT Dispersion in Adult Turkish Migrants with Familial Mediterranean Fever Living in Germany; Background: Familial Mediterranean Fever (FMF) is a hereditary autoinflammatory disease associated with subclinical inflammation, which includes atherosclerosis arising from endothelial inflammation, which in turn increases the risk of atrial or ventricular arrhythmias. Conduction abnormalities can be detected using the electrocardiographic (ECG) indices P and QT dispersion (Pdisp and QTdisp). Currently, it is unknown whether patients with FMF are more likely to have abnormalities of these ECG indices. Moreover, existing studies were conducted in countries with higher FMF prevalence. We therefore perform the first prospective study assessing Pdisp and QTdisp in adult FMF patients in Germany, where prevalence of FMF is low. Method: Asymptomatic FMF patients (n=30) of Turkish ancestry living in Germany and age-matched healthy controls (n=37) were prospectively assessed using 12-lead ECG. Results: Patients and controls were comparable in gender and body mass index, and patients had higher erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), C-reactive protein (CRP) and serum amyloid A (SAA) compared to controls (ESR: 23.7 +/- 14.3 vs. 16.1 +/- 13,3 mm/1sth, p=0.03, CRP: 0.73 +/- 0.9 vs. 0.26 +/- 0.4 g/dl, p=0.01, SAA: 3.14 +/- 4,8 vs. 0.37 +/- 0.3 mg/dl, p<0.01). No statistically significant difference between patients and controls respectively, for Pdisp (43.7 +/- 11.9 vs. 47.1 +/- 11.2ms, p=0.23), QTdisp (65.9 +/- 12.3 vs. 67.6 +/- 12.7 ms, p=0.58) or corrected QTdisp (cQTdisp: 73.9 +/- 15.0 vs. 76.0 +/- 13.3 ms, p=0.55) was found. No correlation could be found between Pdisp or QTdisp or cQTdisp and any of the biochemical markers of inflammation. Conclusion: FMF patients living in Germany show a Pdisp and QTdisp comparable to healthy controls, with no increased risk of atrial or ventricular arrhythmias indicated.
Gestational Age, Infant Birth Weight, and Subsequent Risk of Type 2 Diabetes in Mothers: Nurses' Health Study II; Introduction Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM); however, little is known about the association between other common pregnancy complications (eg, preterm birth, macrosomia) and T2DM risk. We examined the associations between first-pregnancy preterm, postterm birth, low birth weight, and macrosomia with subsequent risk of T2DM. Methods We conducted a prospective cohort study of Nurses' Health Study II (NHSII) participants; 51,728 women in the study had a single live birth and complete pregnancy history. NHSII confirmed incident diabetes mellitus through supplemental questionnaires. Participants were followed from year of first birth until 2005. We defined gestational age as very preterm (20 to <= 32 weeks), moderate preterm (33 to <= 37 weeks), term (38 to <= 42 weeks), and postterm (>= 43 weeks). We defined low birth weight as an infant born at term weighing less than 5.5 pounds, and we defined macrosomia as an infant born at term weighing 10 pounds or more. We used Cox proportional hazards models, adjusting for potential confounders. Results Women with a very preterm birth (2%) had an increased T2DM risk (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.34; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.05-1.71). This increased risk emerged in the decade following pregnancy. Macrosomia (1.5%) was associated with a 1.61 increased T2DM risk, after adjusting for risk factors, including GDM (95% CI, 1.24-2.08). This association was apparent within the first 5 years after pregnancy. Moderate preterm and term low birth weight did not significantly increase the risk of T2DM over the 35-year follow-up time. Conclusion Women who experienced a very preterm birth or had an infant that weighed 10 pounds or more may benefit from lifestyle intervention to reduce T2DM risk. If replicated, these findings could lead to a reduced risk of T2DM through improved primary care for women experiencing a preterm birth or an infant of nonnormal birth weight.
Pitavastatin compared with atorvastatin in primary hypercholesterolemia or combined dyslipidemia; Aims: To demonstrate the equivalence of pitavastatin compared with the most commonly used doses of atorvastatin in the reduction of LDL-C in primary hypercholesterolemia or combined dyslipidemia. Secondary objectives included the comparison of pitavastatin against the most commonly used doses of atorvastatin in achieving National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel (NCEP ATP) III and European Atherosclerosis Society (EAS) LDL-C goals, changes in other lipid parameters and safety. Method: An 18- to 20-week, prospective, randomized, double-blind, double-dummy, controlled trial assessing noninferiority of presumed equipotent doses of pitavastatin and atorvastatin in 821 patients with primary hypercholesterolemia or combined dyslipidemia. After a 6- to 8-week dietary lead-in period, randomized patients received one of four treatment regimens for 12 weeks. Two groups received pitavastatin (2 mg/day) or atorvastatin (10 mg/day) and two groups received pitavastatin (2 mg/day) or atorvastatin (10 mg/day) for 4 weeks followed by forced titration to pitavastatin (4 mg/day) or atorvastatin (20 mg/day). Results: The primary efficacy analysis showed pitavastatin was comparable to atorvastatin in percent change of LDL-C from baseline to end point (week 12 or last observation carried forward). The majority of patients achieved NCEP and EAS LDL-C goals at all doses, and more patients reached NCEP targets at the higher doses (pitavastatin: 78%; atorvastatin: 71%) than at the lower doses (pitavastatin: 57%; atorvastatin: 66%). There were some interesting differences between treatments in the other lipid parameters but none were statistically significant. Adverse event profiles were similar in all groups, with no apparent dose-related adverse events. Conclusion: Pitavastatin is equivalent to atorvastatin in reducing LDL-C in primary hypercholesterolemia or combined dyslipidemia, in both the lower-dose (pitavastatin 2 mg vs atorvastatin 10 mg) and higher-dose (pitavastatin 4 mg vs atorvastatin 20 mg) comparisons. Pitavastatin can be considered an effective, first-line therapy for these patients and offers an alternative, simple treatment regimen in the long-term care of primary hypercholesterolemia and combined dyslipidemia.
Fragmented QRS may predict postoperative atrial fibrillation in patients undergoing isolated coronary artery bypass graft surgery; Objective: Fragmented QRS complexes (fQRS) are defined as various RSR' patterns in 2 contiguous leads corresponding to a major coronary artery territory. Although the reason of association between fQRS and cardiac events was documented as cardiac fibrosis, the predictive role of fQRS was not studied for postoperative atrial fibrillation (POAF) which is a frequent and serious complication in patients undergoing isolated coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. Therefore, this issue was investigated in the present study. Methods: The current study has a prospective observational design. Two hundred and seventy two eligible patients who underwent isolated CABG surgery were enrolled consecutively. The patients were divided in two groups with post-op atrial fibrillation (AF) and non-AF. The occurrence of new-onset AF following CABG and the relationship with fQRS were searched. The logistic regression analysis was used to determine independent predictors for POAF. The sensitivity and specificity of study variables in predicting POAF were calculated using a receiver-operating characteristic curve (ROC). Results: POAF occurred in 62 of 272 patients (22.8%). Patients with POAF were generally older (p<0.001) and female (p=0.006), with preexisting hypertension (p=0.008), lower hemoglobin levels (p=0.011), chronic obstructive lung disease (p=0.003), prolonged QRS time (p=0.004), and higher EUROSCORE (p<0.001) compared to non-AF patients. Patients with POAF had lower left ventricular ejection fraction (p<0.001) and high fQRS rate (p<0.001), but similar left atrial size (LA, p=NS). Interestingly, LA size was significantly enlarged in patients with fQRS (3.8+/-0.6 vs. 4.1+/-0.5 cm, p=0.002). In addition, the patients with POAF had prolonged stay in the cardiac surgery intensive-care unit (p<0.001) and extended in-hospital care (p=0.001). New-onset POAF was significantly related to the presence and number of fQRS. In the logistic regression analysis, only age (OR: 1.044, 95% CI: 1.008-1.082, p=0.016), female gender (OR: 2.347, 95% CI: 1.079-5.106, p=0.031), the presence and number of fQRS (OR: 6.020, 95% CI: 3.152-11.5 and OR: 1.522, 95% CI: 1.282-1.807, both of, p<0.001) were independent predictors of POAF. Sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value (PPV), negative predictive value (NPV) and the diagnostic accuracy (DA) of presence of fQRS on pre-op electrocardiogram to predict POAF were 66%, 76%, 45%, 88% and 74%, respectively. The area under ROC was found as 0.733 (p<0.001, 95% CI: 0.657-0.810). Conclusion: In our study, we found that new-onset POAF was independently related to the presence and number of fQRS in patients undergoing CABG surgery. In addition, fQRS on pre-op surface ECG had high predictive values for new-onset POAF. (Anadolu Kardiyol Derg 2012; 12: 576-83)
Artery Wall Assessment Helps Predict Kidney Transplant Outcome; Background Kidney transplant recipients have high cardiovascular risk, and vascular inflammation may play an important role. We explored whether the inflammatory state in the vessel wall was related to carotid intima-media thickness (c-IMT) and patient survival following kidney transplantation. Methods In this prospective observational cohort study we measured c-IMT and expression of proinflammatory cytokines and adhesion molecules in the inferior epigastric artery in 115 kidney transplant candidates. Another c-IMT measurement was done 1-year post-transplantation in 107. By stepwise multiple regression analysis we explored factors associated with baseline c-IMT and their changes over time. Multivariate Cox regression analysis was constructed to identify risk factors for mortality. Results A worse cardiovascular profile (older age, smoker, diabetic, carotid plaque, systolic blood pressure and vascular calcification) and higher VCAM-1 levels were found in patients in the highest baseline c-IMT tertile, who also had a worse survival. Factors independently related to baseline c-IMT were age (beta = 0.369, P < 0.0001), fasting glucose (beta = 0.168, P= 0.045), smoking (beta = 0.228, P= 0.003) and VCAM-1 levels (beta = 0.244, P= 0.002). Independent factors associated with c-IMT measurement 1-year post-transplantation were baseline c-IMT (beta = 0.677, P < 0.0001), post-transplant diabetes (beta = 0.225, P= 0.003) and triglycerides (beta = 0.302, P = 0.023). Vascular VCAM-1 levels were associated with increased risk of mortality in bivariate and multivariate Cox regression. Notably, nearly 50% of patients showed an increase or maintenance of high c-IMT 1 year post-transplantation and these patients experienced a higher mortality (13 versus 3.5%; P = 0.021). Conclusion A worse cardiovascular profile and a higher vascular VCAM-1 protein levels at time of KT are related to subclinical atheromatosis. This could lead to a higher post-transplant mortality. Pre-transplant c IMT, post-transplant diabetes and triglycerides at 1-year post-transplantation may condition a high c-IMT measurement post-transplantation, which may decrease patient survival.
Increased low-density lipoprotein susceptibility to oxidation in pregnancies and fetal growth restriction; Objective: Atherosis and placental infarction have been observed in pregnancies complicated by fetal growth restriction (FGR). Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) oxidation plays a central role in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis; therefore, it could be involved in the placental alterations observed in FGR. The aims of the present study were to estimate LDL susceptibility to oxidation in pregnancies complicated by FGR and to evaluate their relationship with fetal growth and placental hormone secretion. Methods: A cohort prospective study was carried out in 50 women with uncomplicated pregnancies and 55 women with FGR. Blood was drawn at 15, 24, and 32 weeks of gestation. Low-density lipoprotein oxidation was initiated by the addition of CuCl2 and formation of conjugated dienes was monitored. Cholesterol, triglycerides, vitamin E, estradiol, progesterone, and placental lactogen were determined. Results: Women with FGR showed a lag phase (minutes from addition of CuCl2) similar to the control group in the first trimester of pregnancy (85.3 +/- 3.3 versus 81.3 +/- 5.6). But in the second and third trimester, they showed a lower lag phase than the control group: 69.6 +/- 3.6 versus 84.4 +/- 3.5 (P < .05) and 69.9 +/- 3.4 versus 95.6 +/- 3.4 (P < .001). During the third trimester, pregnancies complicated with FGR showed lower levels of estradiol, progesterone, and human placental lactogen than those in the control group. In the third trimester, a positive correlation was found between the lag phase and the birth weight (P = .001) and with the plasma levels of estradiol (P = .002). Conclusion: Fetal growth restriction is associated with an increased LDL susceptibility to oxidation, a process that could damage the placenta, leading to alterations in placental endocrine function and fetal weight. Pregnancies complicated by fetal growth restriction show an increased LDL susceptibility to oxidation, a process that may lead to placental dysfunction and growth delay.
Creatinine Clearance, Walking Speed, and Muscle Atrophy: A Cohort Study; Background: Chronic kidney disease is associated with malnutrition and inflammation. These processes may lead to loss of skeletal muscle and reduced physical performance. Associations of kidney function with muscle composition and longitudinal measures of physical performance are unknown. Study Design: Prospective cohort study. Setting & Participants: We evaluated 826 community-dwelling older adults enrolled in the Invecchiare in Chianti (InCHIANTI) Study who were free of baseline stroke or activities of daily living disability. Predictor: Baseline creatinine clearance (Clcr) based on 24-hour urine collection. Outcomes: Cross-sectional and longitudinal trajectories of physical performance measured by 7-m usual gait speed, 400-m fast gait speed, and knee extension strength using isometric dynamometry. Calf muscle composition assessed by quantitative computed tomography. Results: Mean age of participants was 74 +/- 7 (SD) years, with 183 having Clcr < 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2). After adjustment, each 10-mL/min/1.73 m(2) decrement in Clcr was associated with 0.01 (95% CI, 0.004-0.017) m/s slower 7-m usual walking speed and 0.008 (95% CI, 0.002-0.014) m/s slower 400-m walking speed. Each 10-mL/min/1.73 m(2) decrement in Clcr was associated with 28 (95% CI, 0.8-55) mm(2) lower muscle area and 0.15 (95% CI, 0.04-0.26) mg/cm(3) lower muscle density. After adjustment, lower Clcr was associated with slower mean 7-m (P = 0.005) and 400-m (P = 0.02) walk and knee extension strength (P = 0.001) during the course of follow-up. During a mean follow-up of 7.1 +/- 2.5 years, each 10-mL/min/1.73 m(2) lower baseline Clcr was associated with 0.024 (95% CI, 0.01-0.037) kg/y greater decline in knee strength. Limitations: Single baseline measurement of Clcr and 3-year interval between follow-up visits may lead to nondifferential misclassification and attenuation of estimates. Conclusions: Among older adults, lower Clcr is associated with muscle atrophy, reduced walking speed, and more rapid declines in lower-extremity strength over time. (C) 2015 by the National Kidney Foundation, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Pharmacological agents for preventing morbidity associated with the haemodynamic response to tracheal intubation; Background Several drugs have been used in attenuating or obliterating the response associated with laryngoscopy and tracheal intubation. These changes are of little concern in relatively healthy patients but can lead to morbidity and mortality in the high risk patient population. Objectives The primary objective of this review was to determine the effectiveness of pharmacological agents in preventing the morbidity and mortality resulting from the haemodynamic changes in response to laryngoscopy and tracheal intubation in adult patients aged 18 years and above who were undergoing elective surgery in the operating room setting. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (2011, Issue 6), MEDLINE (1950 to June 2011), EMBASE (1980 to June 2011), and the bibliographies of published studies. We reran our search from June 2011 to December 2012 and will deal with these studies when we update the review. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared a drug used as an intervention for preventing or attenuating the haemodynamic response to tracheal intubation to a control group, and that mentioned mortality, major morbidity, arrhythmia or electrocardiogram (ECG) evidence of ischaemia in the methodology, results, or discussion section of the reports. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted the outcome data. Main results We included 72 RCTs. The included trials studied the effects of 32 drugs belonging to different pharmacological groups. Only two trials mentioned the primary outcome of morbidity and mortality related to the haemodynamic response to tracheal intubation. Of the secondary outcomes, 40 of the included trials observed arrhythmia only, 11 observed myocardial ischaemia only and 20 observed both arrhythmias and myocardial ischaemia. Arrhythmias were observed in 2932 participants and myocardial ischaemia in 1616 participants. Arrhythmias were observed in 134 out of 993 patients in the control group compared to 80 out of 1939 in the intervention group. The risk of arrhythmias was significantly reduced with pharmacological interventions in the pooled data (Peto odds ratio (OR) 0.19, 95% CI 0.14 to 0.26, P < 0.00001, I-2 = 47%). Local anaesthetics, calcium channel blockers, beta blockers and narcotics reduced the risk of arrhythmia in the intervention group compared to the control group. Myocardial ischaemia was observed in 21 out of 604 patients in the control group compared to 10 out of 1012 in the treatment group; the result was statistically significant (Peto OR 0.45, 95% CI 0.22 to 0.92, P = 0.03, I-2 = 19%). However, in subgroup analysis only local anaesthetics significantly reduced the ECG changes indicating ischaemia, but this evidence came from one study. The majority of the studies had a negative outcome. Hypotension and bradycardia were reported with 40 mu g kg(-1) intravenous alfentanil, chest rigidity with 75 ug kg(-1) alfentanil, and increased bronchomotor tone with sympathetic blockers. There were 17 studies which included high risk patients. Pharmacological treatment in this group resulted in the reduction of arrhythmias when the data from nine trials looking at arrhythmias were pooled (Peto OR 0.18, 95% CI 0.05 to 0.59, P = 0.005, I-2 = 80%). The analysis from four studies was not included. Three of these trials looked at the effect of sympathetic blockers but arrhythmias or myocardial ischaemia was observed throughout the perioperative period in two studies and some patients had arrhythmias due to atropine premedication in the third study. In the fourth study the authors mentioned myocardial ischaemia in the objectives section but did not report it in the results. Authors' conclusions The risk of arrhythmias associated with tracheal intubation was significantly reduced with pre-induction administration of local anaesthetics, calcium channel blockers, beta blockers and narcotics compared to placebo. Pharmacological intervention also reduced the risk of ECG evidence of myocardial ischaemia in the pooled data. Lignocaine pretreatment showed a significant effect but evidence came from one study only. The data suggested that there may be a reduction in ECG evidence of myocardial ischaemia with beta blocker pretreatment but this difference was not statistically significant. There is a need to focus on outcomes rather than haemodynamic measurements alone when studying this response in future trials.
Comparative assessment of absolute cardiovascular disease risk characterization from non-laboratory-based risk assessment in South African populations; Background: All rigorous primary cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention guidelines recommend absolute CVD risk scores to identify high- and low-risk patients, but laboratory testing can be impractical in low-and middle-income countries. The purpose of this study was to compare the ranking performance of a simple, non-laboratory-based risk score to laboratory-based scores in various South African populations. Methods: We calculated and compared 10-year CVD (or coronary heart disease (CHD)) risk for 14,772 adults from thirteen cross-sectional South African populations (data collected from 1987 to 2009). Risk characterization performance for the non-laboratory-based score was assessed by comparing rankings of risk with six laboratory-based scores (three versions of Framingham risk, SCORE for high- and low-risk countries, and CUORE) using Spearman rank correlation and percent of population equivalently characterized as 'high' or 'low' risk. Total 10-year non-laboratory-based risk of CVD death was also calculated for a representative cross-section from the 1998 South African Demographic Health Survey (DHS, n = 9,379) to estimate the national burden of CVD mortality risk. Results: Spearman correlation coefficients for the non-laboratory-based score with the laboratory-based scores ranged from 0.88 to 0.986. Using conventional thresholds for CVD risk (10% to 20% 10-year CVD risk), 90% to 92% of men and 94% to 97% of women were equivalently characterized as 'high' or 'low' risk using the non-laboratory-based and Framingham (2008) CVD risk score. These results were robust across the six risk scores evaluated and the thirteen cross-sectional datasets, with few exceptions (lower agreement between the non-laboratory-based and Framingham (1991) CHD risk scores). Approximately 18% of adults in the DHS population were characterized as 'high CVD risk' (10-year CVD death risk >20%) using the non-laboratory-based score. Conclusions: We found a high level of correlation between a simple, non-laboratory-based CVD risk score and commonly-used laboratory-based risk scores. The burden of CVD mortality risk was high for men and women in South Africa. The policy and clinical implications are that fast, low-cost screening tools can lead to similar risk assessment results compared to time- and resource-intensive approaches. Until setting-specific cohort studies can derive and validate country-specific risk scores, non-laboratory-based CVD risk assessment could be an effective and efficient primary CVD screening approach in South Africa.
SPINAL-CORD STIMULATION FOR THE TREATMENT OF PERIPHERAL VASCULAR-DISEASE OF THE LOWER-LIMBS - A MULTICENTER STUDY IN 244 PATIENTS; From January 1985 through January 1990, 244 patients (168 males, 76 females, mean age : 69 +/- 14 years) received epidural spinal cord stimulation for the treatment of advanced, non reconstructible, peripheral vascular disease of the lower limbs due to atherosclerosis in 180 patients, atherosclerosis and/or diabetes in 49, and thromboangiitis obliterans in 15 patients : previous surgery included 101 bypass-grafts in 70 patients, 51 % of which below the knee, and 117 Sympathectomies in 1 13 patients as the last resource in face of distal peripheral vascular disease of the lower limbs. Mean ankle-to brachial systolic pressure ratio was .31 +/- .34 on symptomatic limbs ; due to pain and advanced disease, walking capacity was assessed in only 151 patients, either on treadmill in 25, or in a metered corridor in 126 ; angiogram of the lower limbs was performed in every patient unless one not older than three months was readily available ; pain at rest was assessed after an analogical scale ;  partial transcutaneous oxygen tension was measured on the dosum of the fore-foot of 77 symptomatic limbs (mean : 13.35 +/- 14 mmHg). According to clinical and functional evaluation, 18 patients had exertional ischemia (group I), 87 had permanent ischemia with pain at rest and no tissue loss (group II), and 139 had chronic tissue loss (group III), including 93 ischemic ulcers (mean surface : 3.7 cm2, mean duration : 3.5 months) in 88 patients, 27 limited gangrenes, and 24 previous limited non-healing distal amputation. After temporary spinal cord stimulation at T12-L1 level (mean duration : 9 +/- 4 days) with a percutaneous quadripolar electrode lead had allowed for selection of responders, 112 patients received an implantable neurostimulator. After a mean follow-up period of 24 +/- 13 months, 9 patients were lost to follow-up ; out of 94 patients (40 %) in whom spinal cord stimulation brought out no benefit, 57 had major amputation ; in the remaining 141, ischemic pain was controlled, walking capacity significantly increased (fig. 1) ; ischemic ulcers completely healed in 40 out of 88 patients (45.45 %) within a mean 3 months delay ; 18 out of 24 previously non-healing limited amputations healed without any further surgery. Best recults were observed in patients with thromboangiitis obliterans, with complete healing of 7 out of 8 chronic ischemic tissue losses (87.5 %) and foot-salvage in 13 out of 15 patients. Eventually, life- table analysis in 201 patients yielded a 68 % and 64 % foot-salvage rate at one and two years respectively. Following spinal cord stimulation, ankle-to-branchial systolic pressure ratio did not vary except in patients with thromboangiitis-obliterans ; partial oxygen significantly increased in symptomatic limbs of responders (mean : +28 +/- 25 mmHg) versus virtually no change in non-responders (p < 02 ; table II and III). Spinal cord stimulation is a promising therapy in advanced non reconstructible peripheral vascular disease of the lower extremities ; however, prospective randomized studies are still needed in order to definitely prove the value of this new therapeutic modality in such patients.
New LDL-Cholesterol Lowering Therapies: Pharmacology, Clinical Trials, and Relevance to Acute Coronary Syndromes; Background: Reduction in plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) is a fundamental treatment for the prevention of acute coronary syndromes (ACS). Although statin therapy confers significant protection against ACS in both primary and secondary prevention, a considerable residual risk remains after intensive therapy. In addition, a significant proportion of high-risk patients do not achieve the optimal LDL-C goal recommended in the current guidelines (<1.8 mmol/L). Hence, novel LDL-C-lowering agents that act via mechanisms distinct from HMG-CoA reductase inhibition are under investigation. Objective: We reviewed the recent literature on the development of novel LDL-C lowering agents that could potentially be used as an alternative or adjunct to statin therapy in high-risk coronary patients. Methods: PubMed and Scopus databases were searched to retrieve studies on the efficacy and/or tolerability of novel LDL-C-lowering agents in animals and humans. Results: Agents that inhibit proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9), apolipoprotein (apo) B, and microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTTP) are the most promising therapies. Inhibition of PCSK9, apoB, and MTTP has been achieved mostly via fully humanized monoclonal antibodies (mAbs), antisense oligonucleotides, and synthetic compounds, respectively. PCSK9 inhibitors increase the hepatic uptake of LDL-C, while apoB and MTTP inhibitors decrease the synthesis and secretion of apoB-containing lipoproteins. These 3 mechanisms lead to marked reductions in plasma LDL-C in patients with hypercholesterolemia at risk for ACS, particularly those with familial hypercholesterolemia. Moreover, these agents can exert additional benefits by decreasing plasma levels of apoB, triglycerides, and lipoprotein(a). Mipomersen and lomitapide have been approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (US FDA) for use in patients with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia. PCSK9 inhibitors are currently under final evaluation in clinical outcomes studies and are anticipated to find wide application either as monotherapy or as an adjunct to statins. A main safety concern is the risk for hepatic steatosis with apoB and MTTP inhibitors, which needs to be explored in prospective, long-term trials. Conclusions: PCSK9, apoB, and MTTP inhibitors can exert potent reductions in plasma LDL-C and apoB concentrations, either as monotherapy or in combination with statins. These effects are particularly relevant to high-risk individuals with marked hypercholesterolemia, such as those with familial hypercholesterolemia. Although the use of mipomersen and lomitapide is limited to severe familial hypercholesterolemia as a replacement for LDL-apheresis, PCSK9 inhibitors are likely to be more widely prescribed in patients at high risk for CVD, especially those who are resistant to or intolerant of high-intensity statin therapy. PCSK9 mAbs are efficacious and have an excellent safety profile, but their long-term impact on cardiovascular events is currently under investigation. Whether PCSK9 mAbs decrease the rates of recurrent cardiovascular events within 3 months following ACS is questionable; however, these agents, unlike statins, may not have pleiotropic benefits on the unstable plaque. (C) 2013 Elsevier HS Journals, Inc. All rights reserved.
Oxidative stress, inflammation and cardiovascular mortality in haemodialysis -: role of seniority and intravenous ferrotherapy:: analysis at 4 years of follow-up; Background. Cardiovascular disease is the principal cause of morbidity and mortality in haemodialysis patients. The classic risk factors do not account for all cases of elevated cardiovascular disease in this patient population and it is becoming increasingly clear that other cardiovascular risk factors are implicated. The objective of this study was to analyse whether or not C-reactive protein (CRP) and plasma copper oxidized anti-lipoprotein (oxLDL) antibody titre are risk factors for cardiovascular mortality during 4 years of follow-up. Methods. A prospective follow-up study was carried out in 94 stable, chronic haemodialysis patients for 48 months (July 1999-July 2003) (gender: 50 males and 44 females; mean age: 67 +/- 14 years). Eighty-four per cent of these patients were receiving intravenous erythropoietin and 63% were receiving intravenous ferrotherapy (iron gluconate). Basal markers of inflammation and oxidative stress were determined at the beginning of the study. CRP levels were determined by chemiluminescent enzyme-labelled immunometric assay. The oxLDL antibody titre was measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay using native LDL and oxLDL as antigens. Results. Fifty deaths occurred during the study, 66% (n = 33) of which were due to cardiovascular disease. Patients presented with basal CRP and oxLDL levels indicative of chronic inflammation and elevated oxidative stress [CRP median: 5.16 mg/l (25-75% percentile: 0.35-88.7 mg/l); oxLDL antibodies median: 153 (optical density at 495 nm x 1000) (25-75% percentile: 112-214)]. A positive correlation was found between CRP and age (r = 0.33, P = 0.003). Study of the risk factors demonstrated that age (P = 0.007), oxLDL antibody titre (P = 0.04) and albumin (P = 0.02) were the only predictors of cardiovascular mortality at 4 years of follow-up in this patient population. The Cox proportional hazards model for cardiovascular mortality showed that of the markers studied, oxLDL antibody titre was an independent risk factor for cardiovascular mortality. Conclusions. Oxidative stress (oxLDL antibody titre) is one of the principal risk factors for cardiovascular mortality in this population of haemodialysis patients. Intravenous ferrotherapy, due to its pro-oxidant properties, probably favours oxidative stress. Serum concentration of CRP was not a good predictive factor of cardiovascular mortality during 4 years of follow-up, possibly because of the slight positive correlation that exists between CRP and age.
Feasibility, Reliability and Predictive Value Of In-Ambulance Heart Rate Variability Registration; Background Heart rate variability (HRV) is a parameter of autonomic nervous system function. A decrease of HRV has been associated with disease severity, risk of complications and prognosis in several conditions. Objective We aim to investigate the feasibility and the reliability of in-ambulance HRV registration during emergency interventions, and to evaluate the association between prehospital HRV parameters, patient characteristics, vital parameters and short-term outcome. Methods We conducted a prospective study using a non-invasive 2-lead ECG registration device in 55 patients transported by the paramedic intervention team of the Universitair Ziekenhuis Brussel. HRV assessment included time domain parameters, frequency domain parameters, nonlinear analysis, and time-frequency analysis. The correlation between HRV parameters and patient and outcome characteristics was analyzed and compared to controls. Results Artifact and ectopic detection rates were higher in patients during ambulance transportation compared to controls in resting conditions, yet technical reasons precluding in-ambulance HRV analysis occurred in only 9.6% of cases. HRV acquisition was possible without safety issues or interference with routine emergency care. Reliability of the results was considered sufficient for Sample entropy (SampEn), good for the ratio of low frequency and high frequency components (LF/HF ratio) in the frequency and the time frequency domain, and excellent for the triangular interpolation of the NN interval histogram (TINN), and for the short-term scaling exponent of the detrended fluctuation analysis (DFA alpha 1). HRV indices were significantly reduced inpatients with unfavorable outcome compared to patients with favorable outcome and controls. Multivariate analysis identified lower DFA alpha 1 as an independent predictor of unfavorable outcome (OR, 0.155; 95% CI 0.024-0.966; p = 0.049). Conclusion In-ambulance HRV registration is technically and operationally feasible and produces reliable results for parameters in the time, frequency, nonlinear and time frequency domain. Especially non-linear HRV analysis during emergency ambulance transportation may be a promising approach to predict patient outcome.
Presence of Concomitant Systemic Cancer is Not Associated with Worse Functional Long-Term Outcome in Patients with Intracerebral Hemorrhage; Background: Data on clinical characteristics and outcome of patients with intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) and concomitant systemic cancer disease are very limited. Methods: Nine hundred and seventy three consecutive primary ICH patients were analyzed using our prospective institutional registry over a period of 9 years (2006-2014). We compared clinical and radiological parameters as well as outcome -scored using the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) and analyzed in a dichotomized fashion as favorable outcome (mRS = 0-3) and unfavorable outcome (mRS = 4-6) -of ICH patients with and without cancer. Relevant imbalances in baseline clinical and radiological characteristics were adjusted using propensity score (PS) matching. Results: Prevalence of systemic cancer among patients with ICH was 8.5% (83/973). ICH patients with cancer were older (77 [70-82] vs. 72 [63-80] years; p = 0.002), had more often prior renal dysfunction (19/83 [22.9%] vs. 107/890 [12.0%]; p = 0.005), and smaller hemorrhage volumes (10.1 [4.8-24.3] vs. 15.3 [5.4-42.9] mL; p = 0.017). After PS-matching there were no significant differences neither in mortality nor in functional outcome both at 3 months (mortality: 33/81 [40.7%] vs. 55/158 [34.8%]; p = 0.368; mRS = 0-3: 28/81 [34.6%] vs. 52/158 [32.9%]; p = 0.797) and 12 months (mortality: 39/78 [50.0%] vs. 70/150 [46.7%]; p = 0.633; mRS = 0-3: 25/78 [32.1%] vs. 53/150 [35.3%]; p = 0.620) among patients with and without concomitant systemic cancer. ICH volume tended to be highest in patients with hematooncologic malignancy and smallest in urothelial cancer. Conclusions: Patients with ICH and concomitant systemic cancer on average are older; however, they show smaller ICH volumes compared to patients without cancer. Yet, mortality and functional outcome is not different in ICH patients with and without cancer. Thus, the clinical history or the de novo diagnosis of concomitant malignancies in ICH patients should not lead to unjustified treatment restrictions. (C) 2017 S. Karger AG, Basel
Monoclonal antibody to tumor necrosis factor-alpha attenuates hemodynamic dysfunction secondary to intestinal ischemia/reperfusion in rats; Objective: To evaluate the effects of monoclonal antibody to tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha on the hemodynamic alterations and survival rate in rats subjected to intestinal ischemia/reperfusion. Design: Prospective, randomized study. Setting: Animal laboratory of an institute for research in traumatology. Subjects: Male Sprague-Dawley rats, weighing 430 to 460 g, Interventions: Anesthetized rats underwent 75 mins of superior mesenteric artery occlusion followed by 6 hrs of reperfusion, The animals were treated intravenously with either TNF-alpha monoclonal antibody (TN3, 20 mg/kg) or the control protein (albumin, 20 mg/kg) 30 mins before the onset of ischemia, Measurements and Main Results: Pretreatment with TNF-alpha monoclonal antibody significantly attenuated the decreases in blood pressure and cardiac index (p <.01) compared with controls, for <6 hrs after reperfusion, Stroke volume remained stable in the TNF-alpha monoclonal antibody-treated group and was significantly higher than in the control group at 0.5, 5, and 6 hrs after reperfusion (p <.05 at 0.5 and 5 hrs and p <.01 at 6 hrs), No differences in vascular resistance index values were observed between the two groups at any point in time (p >.05), After intestinal ischemia/reperfusion injury, both the portal and systemic TNF concentrations in the control animals were completely neutralized by TNF-alpha monoclonal antibody treatment. The 72 hr survival rate was significantly (p <.01) better in the treatment group (90%, 9/10) than in the control group (20%, 2/10). Conclusions: These results suggest that intestinal ischemia/reperfusion injury can lead to increased TNF release into both the portal and the systemic circulation, which may be an important factor contributing to the development of hemodynamic dysfunction. Pretreatment with TNF-alpha monoclonal antibody significantly attenuates the cardiovascular consequences and improves the survival rate after acute intestinal ischemia/reperfusion injury.
Evaluating the role of botulinum toxin in the management of focal hypertonia in adults; Objectives-To investigate the effects of EMG guided botulinum toxin (BTX-A) on impairment and focal disability in adults presenting with focal hypertonia. Methods-A prospective, randomised, double blind, placebo controlled, parallel group trial was carried out with standardised assessment before and at 3 week intervals until 12 weeks after injection, in patients with focal hypertonia affecting upper or lower limbs. Botulinum toxin or placebo was injected with EMG guidance after multidisciplinary assessment. The modified Ashworth scale of spasticity, percentage passive range of joint motion, subjective rating of problem severity, the Rivermead motor assessment scale, a timed 10 metre walk (lower Limb patients), nine hole peg test (upper limb patients), and a modified goal attainment scale were used as outcome measures. The patients were 52 adults; 34 male, 18 female; mean age 40.31, range 16-79 years; mean duration of symptoms 35 months (range 3 months to 22 years). Diagnoses included cerebrovascular accidents (23), head injury (12), incomplete spinal cord injury (six), tumour (five), cerebral palsy (three), and anoxic episodes (three). Results-For each variable an overall score for the treatment period was computed by summing the scores from the 3, 6, 9, and 12 week assessments. These overall scores were significantly better in the treated group for the Ashworth scale, percentage passive range of movement, Rivermead lower Limb, and subjective rating of problem severity. The significant treatment effect on the Ashworth scale was seen on analysis of variance (ANOVA) at 3 weeks and the subjective rating of problem severity at 3 and 6 weeks. The goal attainment scale score in both groups was similar at 12 weeks. Conclusion-Selective use of botulinum toxin to weaken muscles can lead to a reduction in resistance to passive movement about a distal limb joint. This allows for improvements in passive range of movement and focal disability, particularly in patients presenting with focal spasticity of the lower limb.
International normalised ratio normalisation in patients with coumarin-related intracranial haemorrhages - the INCH trial: a randomised controlled multicentre trial to compare safety and preliminary efficacy of fresh frozen plasma and prothrombin complex - study design and protocol; Background Intracerebral haemorrhage is the most feared complication in patients who are on treatment with vitamin K antagonists. Vitamin K antagonist related intracerebral haemorrhage occurs in about 10% of patients. Intracerebral haemorrhage has the worst prognosis of all subtypes of stroke including spontaneous intracerebral haemorrhage, and a mortality rate of up to about 65%. The higher rate of haematoma expansion due to rebleeding is thought to be responsible for the higher mortality. Current international treatment recommendations include fresh frozen plasma and prothrombin complex concentrate. It is known that these substances lower the international normalised ratio, and thus it is assumed that normalisation of coagulopathy may lead to haemostasis and reduction of rebleeding. However, the issue of whether to use fresh frozen plasma or prothrombin complex concentrate for urgent reversal of vitamin K antagonists is unresolved: safety and efficacy of these treatments have never been studied in a randomised controlled trial. Our questions are: how effective are the two substances in normalisation of the international normalized ratio? How feasible is it to apply either of these treatments in an acute situation? What is the safety profile of each of these substances? Is there a difference in haematoma growth and clinical outcome? Method We designed a prospective, randomised, controlled multicentre trial to compare biological efficacy and safety of fresh frozen plasma and prothrombin complex concentrate in vitamin K antagonist related intracerebral haemorrhage. The study is observer-blinded for laboratory, neuroradiological, and clinical outcomes. Patients will be included if a computed tomography scan shows an intraparenchymal or subdural haematoma within 12 h after onset of symptoms, if the patient is on treatment with vitamin K antagonists, and the international normalized ratio is >= 2. Primary endpoint is the normalisation of the international normalized ratio (< 1 center dot 2) within three-hours after the start of antagonising therapy. Main exclusion criteria are secondary intracerebral haemorrhage, other known coagulopathies, and known acute ischaemic events. Discussion We discuss the rationale of our trial on the basis of the current recommendations and specific aspects of trial design as, time window, choice of endpoints, dosing of fresh frozen plasma and prothrombin complex concentrate, monitoring and analysis of safety parameters, and rescue treatment. Conclusion This will be the first prospective trial comparing fresh frozen plasma and prothrombin complex concentrate in the indication of vitamin K antagonist related intracerebral hemorrhage. Recruitment of subjects started in August 2009. Until now, 19 patients have been included.
Using Multicountry Ecological and Observational Studies to Determine Dietary Risk Factors for Alzheimer's Disease; Rates of Alzheimer's disease (AD) are rising worldwide. The most important risk factors seem to be linked to diet. For example, when Japan made the nutrition transition from the traditional Japanese diet to the Western diet, AD rates rose from 1% in 1985 to 7% in 2008. Foods protective against AD include fruits, vegetables, grains, low-fat dairy products, legumes, and fish, whereas risk factors include meat, sweets, and high-fat dairy products. The evidence comes from ecological and observational studies as well as investigations of the mechanisms whereby dietary factors affect risk. The mechanisms linking dietary risk factors to AD are fairly well known and include increased oxidative stress from metal ions such as copper as well as from advanced glycation end products associated with high-temperature cooking, increased homocysteine concentrations, and cholesterol and its effects on amyloid beta, insulin resistance, and obesity. Lower 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations also are associated with increased risk of AD. In addition to reviewing the journal literature, a new ecological study was conducted using AD prevalence from 10 countries (Brazil, Chile, Cuba, Egypt, India, Mongolia, Nigeria, Republic of Korea, Sri Lanka, and the United States) along with dietary supply data 5, 10, and 15 years before the prevalence data. Dietary supply of meat or animal products less milk 5 years before AD prevalence had the highest correlations with AD prevalence in this study. Thus, reducing meat consumption could significantly reduce the risk of AD as well as of several cancers, diabetes mellitus type 2, stroke, and, likely, chronic kidney disease. Teaching points: Single-country ecological data can be used to find links between diet and AD because the national diet changes, such as during the nutrition transition to a Western diet. Multicountry ecological studies can be used to find links between dietary factors and risk of AD. Prospective observational studies are useful in linking dietary components and patterns to risk of AD. The most important dietary link to AD appears to be meat consumption, with eggs and high-fat dairy also contributing. Diets high in grains, fruits, vegetables, and fish are associated with reduced risk of AD, but these factors cannot counter the effects of meat, eggs, and high-fat dairy. Higher vitamin D status is associated with reduced risk of AD.
Dual-chamber pacemakers for treating symptomatic bradycardia due to sick sinus syndrome without atrioventricular block: a systematic review and economic evaluation; Background: Bradycardia [resting heart rate below 60 beats per minute (b.p.m.)] can be caused by conditions affecting the natural pacemakers of the heart, such as sick sinus syndrome (SSS) and atrioventricular (AV) blocks. People suffering from bradycardia may present with palpitations, exercise intolerance and fainting. The only effective treatment for patients suffering from symptomatic bradycardia is implantation of a permanent pacemaker. Objective: To appraise the clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of dual-chamber pacemakers compared with single-chamber atrial pacemakers for treating symptomatic bradycardia in people with SSS and no evidence of AV block. Data sources: All databases (MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Health Technology Assessment database, NHS Economic Evaluations Database) were searched from inception to June 2014. Methods: A systematic review of the clinical and economic literature was carried out in accordance with the general principles published by the Centre for Reviews and Dissemination. Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating dual-chamber and single-chamber atrial pacemakers and economic evaluations were included. Pairwise meta-analysis was carried out. A de novo economic model was developed. Results: Of 493 references, six RCTs were included in the review. The results were predominantly influenced by the largest trial DANPACE. Dual-chamber pacing was associated with a statistically significant reduction in reoperation [odds ratio (OR) 0.48, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.36 to 0.63] compared with single-chamber atrial pacing. The difference is primarily because of the development of AV block requiring upgrade to a dual-chamber device. The risk of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation was also reduced with dual-chamber pacing compared with single-chamber atrial pacing (OR 0.75, 95% CI 0.59 to 0.96). No statistically significant difference was found between the pacing modes for mortality, heart failure, stroke, chronic atrial fibrillation or quality of life. However, the risk of developing heart failure may vary with age and device. The de novo economic model shows that dual-chamber pacemakers are more expensive and more effective than single-chamber atrial devices, resulting in a base-case incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) of 6506 pound. The ICER remains below 20,000 pound in probabilistic sensitivity analysis, structural sensitivity analysis and most scenario analyses and one-way sensitivity analyses. The risk of heart failure may have an impact on the decision to use dual-chamber or single-chamber atrial pacemakers. Results from an analysis based on age (> 75 years or <= 75 years) and risk of heart failure indicate that dual-chamber pacemakers dominate single-chamber atrial pacemakers (i.e. are less expensive and more effective) in older patients, whereas dual-chamber pacemakers are dominated by (i.e. more expensive and less effective) single-chamber atrial pacemakers in younger patients. However, these results are based on a subgroup analysis and should be treated with caution. Conclusions: In patients with SSS without evidence of impaired AV conduction, dual-chamber pacemakers appear to be cost-effective compared with single-chamber atrial pacemakers. The risk of developing a complete AV block and the lack of tools to identify patients at high risk of developing the condition argue for the implantation of a dual-chamber pacemaker programmed to minimise unnecessary ventricular pacing. However, considerations have to be made around the risk of developing heart failure, which may depend on age and device.
Cerebral Embolism Following Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation; Objectives The objective of this study was to compare the incidence of cerebral embolism (CE) as evaluated by diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (DW-MRI) following transapical (TA) transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI) versus transfemoral (TF) TAVI. Background The TA-TAVI approach avoids both the manipulation of large catheters in the aortic arch/ascending aorta and the retrograde crossing of the aortic valve, and this avoidance might lead to a lower rate of CE. Methods This was a prospective multicenter study including 60 patients who underwent cerebral DW-MRI the day before and within the 6 days following TAVI (TF approach: 29 patients; TA approach: 31 patients). Neurologic and cognitive function assessments were performed at DW-MRI time points. Results The TAVI procedure was performed with the Edwards valve and was successful in all cases but one (98%). A total of 41 patients (68%) had 251 new cerebral ischemic lesions at the DW-MRI performed 4 +/- 1 days after the procedure, 19 patients in the TF group (66%) and 22 patients in the TA group (71%; p = 0.78). Most patients (76%) with new ischemic lesions had multiple lesions (median number of lesions per patient: 3, range 1 to 31). There were no differences in lesion number and size between the TF and TA groups. No baseline or procedural factors were found to be predictors of new ischemic lesions. The occurrence of CE was not associated with a measurable impairment in cognitive function, but 2 patients (3.3%) had a clinically apparent stroke within the 24 h following the procedure (1 patient in each group). Conclusions TAVI is associated with a high rate of silent cerebral ischemic lesions as evaluated by DW-MRI, with no differences between the TF and TA approaches. These results provide important novel insight into the mechanisms of CE associated with TAVI and support the need for further research to both reduce the incidence of CE during these procedures and better determine their clinical relevance. (J Am Coll Cardiol 2011;57:18-28) (C) 2011 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation
Misoprostol effects on diclofenac-induced cardiorenal changes in salt-sensitive patients with hypertension: The MEDIC study; Study Objective. To determine whether coadministration of misoprostol with the nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug diclofenac lessens the increase in blood pressure and improves the alterations in renal hemodynamics induced by diclofenac. Design. Prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study. Setting. Two university research centers. Patients. Nineteen senior (mean age 62 yrs [range 55-73 yrs]), salt-sensitive patients with stage 1 or 2 hypertension. Intervention. After a 3-week antihypertensive withdrawal lead-in phase, patients received either diclofenac 75 mg alone or diclofenac 75 mg plus misoprostol 200 mu g twice/day for 14 days. After a 10-day washout period, patients received the alternate treatment. Measurements and Main Results. Blood pressure was measured by 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring, effective renal plasma flow (ERPF) rate was deter-mined by para-aminohippurate clearance, and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) was measured by iothalamate clearance. Mean arterial pressure (MAP = diastolic blood pressure + 0.33 [systolic - diastolic blood pressure] and rate-pressure product (RPP = systolic blood pressure x heart rate x 10(-2)) were also used to compare treatment groups. Diclofenac alone increased MAP by a mean SEM of 5.0 +/- 1.0 mm Hg and RPP by 337 181 units compared with baseline. The ERPF rate and GFR decreased by 40.5 +/- 26.9 ml/minute and 14.1 +/- 6.5 ml/minute, respectively. Diclofenac plus misoprostol decreased the diclofenac-induced increase in MAP by 3.3 +/- 1.0 mm Hg (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.1-5.3 mm Hg, p=0.004) and decreased the RPP by 724 +/- 238 units (95% CI 225-1223 units, p=0.007). The ERPF rate increased by 56.1 +/- 35.0 ml/minute (95% CI -24.7-137.0 ml/min, p=0.15) and GFR by 18.1 +/- 7.1 ml/minute (95% CI 1.9-34.5 ml/min, p=0.03). Diclofenac alone was relatively well tolerated; no adverse effects were reported with diclofenac plus misoprostol. Conclusion. In senior salt-sensitive patients with hypertension, coadministration of misoprostol with diclofenac attenuated the blood pressure elevation and renal vasoconstrictive effects of diclofenac and was well tolerated.
HOW TO MANAGE POSTMENOPAUSAL OSTEOPOROSIS?; Osteoporosis is characterized by reduced bone mass and disruption of bone architecture, resulting in increased fracture risk. Several therapeutic agents are now available to treat postmenopausal osteoporosis and prevent fractures. Combined calcium and vitamin D supplementation reduce the relative risk of non-vertebral fractures by about 18%. Hormone replacement therapy (HAT) should not be prescribed for osteoporosis in women who do not experience menopausal symptoms. The marked benefits of raloxifene on the reduction in invasive breast cancer and vertebral fracture risk are partially counterbalanced by a lack of effect on non-vertebral fracture risk, and an increased risk of venous thromboembolism and stroke. All four bisphosphonates available in Belgium, except ibandronate, have been shown to reduce the risk of vertebral, non-vertebral and hip fractures in prospective, placebo-controlled trials. Globally, the incidence of vertebral fractures is reduced by 41%-70%, and the incidence of non-vertebral fractures by 25%-39%. The anti-fracture efficacy of weekly or monthly doses of oral bisphosphonates has not been directly shown but is assumed from bridging studies based on BMD changes. To date, the various bisphosphonates have not been studied in head-to-head comparative trials with fracture endpoints. There are potential concerns that long-term suppression of bone turnover associated with bisphosphonate treatment may eventually lead to adverse effects, especially atypical femoral fractures and osteonecrosis of the jaw, but these cases are extremely rare. Teriparatide (recombinant human 1-34 PTH) administered by daily subcutaneous injections decreases by 65% the relative risk of new vertebral fractures in patients with severe osteoporosis. Pivotal trials with strontium ranelate have shown a 41% reduction in new vertebral fractures and a 16% reduction in non-vertebral fractures over 3 years. Denosumab is a fully human monoclonal antibody to RANK Ligand that is administered as a 60-mg subcutaneous injection every 6 months. In the pivotal phase III trial, there was a 68% reduction in the incidence of new vertebral fractures, whereas the incidence of non-vertebral fractures was reduced by 20%. Several new approaches are being explored, including antibodies to sclerostin, cathepsin K inhibitors, src kinase inhibitors, and drugs that act on calcium sensing receptors.
Cardiovascular changes occurring with occlusion of a mature arteriovenous fistula; Background: The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between Qa, cardiovascular parameters and symptomatic cardiac disease. Methods: A prospective cohort study of 100 patients dialysing via an arteriovenous fistula (AVF) was performed. Qa was measured using pulsed Doppler ultrasound. Cardiovascular parameters were measured using thoracic bioimpedance technique (Medis, GmbH). Measurement of cardiovascular parameters was undertaken pre- and post-occlusion of the AVF. Results: Mean age was 57.1 years (range: 19-83); 51% male. Mean values pre-occlusion: mean arterial blood pressure (MABP) 89.6 +/- 16.9 mmHg; stroke volume index (SVI) 39.3 +/- 4.6 mL; cardiac index (CI) 3.7 +/- 0.8 L/min/m(2); systemic vascular resistance index (SVRI) 585.5 +/- 67.8 dyn/sec/cm(-5)/m(2); oxygen delivery (DO2I) 607.1 +/- 116.8 mL/min/m(2). A total of 12% of patients had CI>4.5 L/min/m(2) pre-occlusion. There was no difference in heart rate (HR), MABP and SVI following occlusion of AVF. Mean CI reduced post-AVF occlusion (Delta CI: -0.42 L/min/m(2); p<0.001), as did DO2I (Delta DO2I: 45.5 mL/min/m(2); p<0.001). SVRI increased (Delta SVRI: 170.1 dyn/sec/cm(-5)/m(2); p<0.001). The drop in CI which occurred post-AVF occlusion was greater in patients with Qa >2000 mL/min (-2.79 +/- 0.34 vs. -0.24 +/- 0.48 L/min/m(2); p<0.001). There was a non-significant trend towards symptomatic heart failure in those patients with a greater Delta CI following AVF occlusion (NYHA 1: -0.1 +/- 0.1 L/min/m(2); NHYA 2: -0.3 +/- 0.7 L/min/m(2); NYHA 3: -0.7 +/- 1.0 L/min/m(2); p = 0.06). Conclusions: The relationship between AVF blood flow, cardiac output and symptomatic cardiac disease is complex. Occlusion of an AVF leads to reduced cardiac output and improved oxygen delivery, even in asymptomatic patients. This difference is most marked in patients with high-flow AVF (>2000 mL/min). High-flow AVF with large Delta CI may lead to high cardiac output state, which is reversible on occlusion of the AVF.
Differentiating cerebral ischemia from functional neurological symptom disorder: a psychosomatic perspective; Background: The differential diagnosis of pseudo-neurological symptoms often represents a clinical challenge. The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, DSM-5, made an attempt to improve diagnostic criteria of conversion disorder (functional neurological symptom disorder). Incongruences of the neurological examination, i.e. positive neurological signs, indicate a new approach - whereas psychological factors are not necessary anymore. As the DSM-5 will influence the International Classification of Diseases, ICD-11, this is of importance. In the case presented, a history of psychological distress and adverse childhood experiences coexisted with a true neurological disorder. We discuss the relevance of an interdisciplinary assessment and of operationalized diagnostic criteria. Case presentation: A 32-year-old man presented twice with neurological symptoms without obvious pathological organic findings. A conversion disorder was considered early on at the second admission by the neurology team. Sticking to ICD-10, this diagnosis was not supported by a specialist for psychosomatic medicine, due to missing hints of concurrent psychological distress in temporal association with neurological symptoms. Further investigations then revealed a deep vein thrombosis (though D-dimers had been negative), which had probably resulted in a crossed embolus. Conclusion: The absence of a clear proof of biological dysfunction underlying neurological symptoms should not lead automatically to the diagnosis of a conversion disorder. In contrast, at least in more complex patients, the work-up should include repeated psychological and neurological assessments in close collaboration. According to ICD-10 positive signs of concurrent psychological distress are required, while DSM-5 emphasizes an incongruity between neurological symptoms and neurophysiological patterns of dysfunction. In the case presented, an extensive medical work-up was initially negative, and neither positive psychological nor positive neurological criteria could be identified. We conclude, that, even in times of more sophisticated operationalization of diagnostic criteria, the interdisciplinary assessment has to be based on an individual evaluation of all neurological and psychosocial findings. Prospective studies of inter-rater reliability and validity of psychological factors and positive neurological signs are needed, as evidence for both is limited. With respect to ICD-11, we suggest that positive neurological as well as psychological signs for functional neurological symptom disorder should be considered to increase diagnostic certainty.
Elevated Cardiac Troponin I and Relationship to Persistence of Electrocardiographic and Echocardiographic Abnormalities After Aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage; Background and Purpose-Cardiac injury persistence after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage (aSAH) is not well described. We hypothesized that post-aSAH cardiac injury, detected by elevated cardiac troponin I (cTnI), is related to aSAH severity and associated with electrocardiographic and structural echocardiographic abnormalities that are persistent. Methods-Prospective longitudinal study was conducted of patients with aSAH with Fisher grade >= 2 and/or Hunt/Hess grade >= 3. Serum cTnI was collected on Days 1 to 5; cohort dichotomized into peak cTnI >= 0.3 ng/mL (elevated) or cTnI <0.3 ng/mL. Relationships among cTnI and aSAH severity, 12-lead electrocardiography early (<= 4 days) and late (>= 7 days), Holter monitoring on Days 1 to 5, and transthoracic echocardiogram (left ventricular ejection fraction and regional wall motion abnormalities) early (Days 0 to 5) and late (Days 5 to 12) were evaluated. Results-Of 204 subjects, 31% had cTnI >= 0.3 ng/mL. cTnI >= 0.3 ng/mL was incrementally related to aSAH severity by admission symptoms (Hunt/Hess P=0.001) and blood load (Fisher P=0.028). More patients with cTnI >= 0.3 ng/mL had prolonged QTc on early (63% versus 30%, P<0.0001) and late electrocardiography (24% versus 7%, P=0.024). On Holter monitoring, more patients with cTnI <0.3 ng/mL had ventricular tachycardia/fibrillation (22% versus 9%, P=0.018) but not atrial fibrillation/flutter (P=0.241). Cardiac troponin I >= 0.3 ng/mL was associated with both early ejection fraction <50% (44% versus 5%, P<0.0001) and regional wall motion abnormalities (44% versus 4%, P<0.0001). Regional wall motion abnormalities predominated in basal and midventricular segments and persisted to some degree in 73% of patients affected, whereas ejection fraction <50% persisted in 59% of patients affected. Conclusions-Cardiac injury is incrementally worse with increasing aSAH severity and associated with persistent QTc prolongation and ventricular arrhythmias. Regional wall motion abnormalities and depressed ejection fraction persist to some degree in the majority of those affected. (Stroke. 2009; 40: 3478-3484.)
MULTISYSTEM DAMAGE ASSOCIATED WITH TRICORPORAL PRIAPISM IN SICKLE-CELL DISEASE; PURPOSE: Priapism is an uncommon but debilitating complication of sickle cell disease (SCD). Recent observations among adult males regarding the abysmal failure of medical and surgical therapy encouraged us to review our 25-year experience identifying the prognostic features that might determine outcome. PATIENTS AND METHODS: As part of a prospective 25-year longitudinal demographic and clinical cohort study, a subset of 38 (8.2%) patients with priapism were identified among a cohort of 461 men with SCD. The patients with priapism were compared with the nonaffected men with respect to severity of disease expression, hematologic status, beta(s) globin gene haplotype, and the incidence of sickle-related major organ failure. The influence of the treatment modalities on outcome was also evaluated. RESULTS: Priapism occurred as a single episode in 24 patients, and in 14 as temporally clustered repeat episodes. Eighty-seven percent of those with priapism had sickle cell anemia (SS), an increased risk as compared with other variants of SCD (p = <0.05). There were two distinct age-related patterns of disease expression. Eight patients were prepubertal; they experienced shorter episodes, involvement of the corpora cavernosa only, few recurrent episodes, and a good prognosis for future erectile function. Non-surgical therapy in children was associated with excellent results. In contrast, the 29 postpubertal adults often had involvement of the corpora cavernosa and corpus spongiosa (tricorporal disease) and half had prolonged episodes that lasted longer than 8 days. One pubescent patient had repeated episodes and became impotent. Prolonged or repeated episodes eventuated in impotence in 56%. Surgical intervention was not beneficial. Sickle cell-related organ failure such as stroke, chronic restrictive lung disease, chronic renal failure, and nonhealing leg ulcers was observed more frequently in men who had priapism. Death occurred in nine adult patients (25%) within 5 years of the first episode of priapism. CONCLUSION: Priapism in adult males identifies those at high risk for other sickle cell-related organ failure syndromes and, as such, is another complication indicative of severe disease. The dismal prognosis in SS adults requires better understanding of the precise pathophysiology of low-flow tricorporal priapism. Clarification of the mechanisms inducing the priapic state should lead to specific therapeutic maneuvers and an improved prognosis for this disabling condition.
Cardio-haemodynamic assessment and venous lactate in severe dengue: Relationship with recurrent shock and respiratory distress; Background Dengue can cause plasma leakage that may lead to dengue shock syndrome (DSS). In approximately 30% of DSS cases, recurrent episodes of shock occur. These patients have a higher risk of fluid overload, respiratory distress and poor outcomes. We investigated the association of echocardiographically-derived cardiac function and intravascular volume parameters plus lactate levels, with the outcomes of recurrent shock and respiratory distress in severe dengue. Methods/Principle findings We performed a prospective observational study in Paediatric and adult ICU, at the Hospital for Tropical Diseases (HTD), Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. Patients with dengue were enrolled within 12 hours of admission to paediatric or adult ICU. A haemodynamic assessment and portable echocardiograms were carried out daily for 5 days from enrolment and all interventions recorded. 102 patients were enrolled; 22 patients did not develop DSS, 48 had a single episode of shock and 32 had recurrent shock. Patients with recurrent shock had a higher enrolment pulse than those with 1 episode or no shock (median: 114 vs. 100 vs. 100 b/min, P = 0.002), significantly lower Stroke Volume Index (SVI), (median: 21.6 vs. 22.8 vs. 26.8mls/m(2), P<0.001) and higher lactate levels (4.2 vs. 2.9 vs. 2.2 mmol/l, P = 0.001). Higher SVI and worse left ventricular function (higher Left Myocardial Performance Index) on study days 3-5 was associated with the secondary endpoint of respiratory distress. There was an association between the total IV fluid administered during the ICU admission and respiratory distress (OR: 1.03, 95% CI 1.01-1.06, P = 0.001). Admission lactate levels predicted patients who subsequently developed recurrent shock (P = 0.004), and correlated positively with the total IV fluid volume received (rho: 0.323, P = 0.001) and also with admission ALT (rho: 0.764, P<0.001) and AST (rho: 0.773, P<0.001). Conclusions/Significance Echo-derived intravascular volume assessment and venous lactate levels can help identify dengue patients at high risk of recurrent shock and respiratory distress in ICU. These findings may serve to, not only assist in the management of DSS patients, but also these haemodynamic endpoints could be used in future dengue fluid intervention trials.
HEALTH-EFFECTS OF RECREATIONAL RUNNING IN WOMEN - SOME EPIDEMIOLOGIC AND PREVENTIVE ASPECTS; Estimated maximum oxygen uptake of middle-aged nonelite road race entrants is around 45 to 50 ml/kg/min, which is 40 to 100% higher than values from the female general population.  Endurance training, low bodyweight, and nonsmoking of runners explain part of, but not the whole, difference in aerobic capacity observed between athletes and the general population.  Sedentary women can improve cardiorespiratory fitness through aerobic exercise programmes, and the women with the lowest level of initial fitness have the highest proportional improvement following training.  Regularly exercising women have a significantly reduced risk of fatal and nonfatal coronary events, and low cardiorespiratory fitness is associated with an increased risk of death and nonfatal stroke.  The influence of habitual running on the female blood lipid profile is not clear.  Cross-sectional studies have found elevated HDL cholesterol concentrations in distance runners, but intervention studies on the effect of jogging on lipid and lipoprotein levels have provided equivocal results.  A higher level of physical fitness is associated with a lower risk to subsequently develop hypertension.  Experimental studies have shown that moderate intensity aerobic exercise (40 to 60% VO2max) is able to reduce blood pressure significantly in hypertensive subjects.  An athletic lifestyle may be associated with a reduced risk of adult-onset diabetes mellitus (via an exercise-induced increase in insulin sensitivity), and with a reduced risk of cancers of the reproductive system, breast, and colon.  Recreational running is also correlated with better weight control. Surveys of recreational and elite distance runners show a great variability in the prevalence of secondary amenorrhoea, between 1 and 44%.  Environmental factors determining the risk of amenorrhoea in runners are low body fat content, mileage, and nutritional inadequacy, with low intakes of calories, protein, and fat.  Amenorrhoeic athletes in their third and fourth decade have lower vertebral bone density, which is improved after resumption of menses but does not completely reach age-specific average values.  Regardless of menstrual status, the effectiveness of exercise to maintain bone mass throughout life is an important issue.  Habitual exercise is associated with increased bone density of the spine both in premenopausal and postmenopausal women.  Several controlled training studies suggest that postmenopausal women may at least retard their bone loss with regular aerobic exercise. Running-related injuries and complaints are common in recreational joggers, even though the reported 1-year incidence, varying between 14 and approximately 50%, depends on injury definition.  Mileage and a history of previous running injury are known risk factors.  Overweight, irregular menses, and absence of oral contraceptive use have been identified as risk factors in single studies.  Female gender itself does not seem to be a major risk factor of running injuries among habitually active subjects, but it may be a relevant factor for sedentary subjects taking up jogging.  Regarding the effect of habitual running on the development of osteoarthritis in weight-bearing joints, available data suggest that reasonable recreational exercise, carried out within limits of comfort, putting joints through normal motions, without underlying joint abnormality, even over many years, is unlikely to lead to significant joint injury. Habitual exercise is associated with reductions in anxiety and depression as well as increased self-esteem.  The latter is an empirically supported outcome of exercise, and programmes of aerobic exercise seem also to be effective in reducing state anxiety and symptoms of mild depression.  The prevalence of anorexia nervosa among competitive distance runners is not higher than among the general population, but it is the best runners who are most likely to be anorectic.  Nonsmoking is highly prevalent among runners, and habitual runners who smoke have a quit rate of roughly 75%, with the rate of smoking cessation being related to mileage.  Compared with the general population, age-matched runners have significantly fewer medical consultations, and probably less missed work days. Little data on the health effects of recreational, in contrast to competitive, running is available, and most epidemiological studies on prevention through exercise suffer from methodological shortcomings that hamper the ability to evaluate the health potential of aerobic exercise in an unbiased way.  Nevertheless, there is a broad consensus that an energy expenditure of at least 150 to 400 kcal/day (corresponding to jogging 2.5 to 6 km/day) at a moderate intensity, should be the goal for health-oriented exercise.
Food intake characteristics of hemodialysis patients as obtained by food frequency questionnaire; Objectives: Food frequency questionnaires (FFQ) are frequently used in epidemiologic studies of nutrition and food intake. However, the use of FFQs in patients receiving maintenance dialysis has not been extensively studied. We hypothesize that FFQ is a useful tool to assess the food intake differences between patients receiving dialysis and patients not receiving dialysis. Design: Matched exposed-unexposed study with case-controlled design. Setting: Outpatient dialysis unit affiliated with a tertiary-care community medical center. Patients: From a pool of 102 maintenance hemodialysis (MHD) outpatients in a community dialysis unit, 30 adult MHD outpatients (15 men, 15 women, aged 55.8 +/- 14.6 years) were selected randomly as case subjects. They included 16 African Americans, 8 whites, 4 Hispanics, and 2 Asians. Eleven MHD patients took the multivitamin, Nephrovite (R&D Laboratories, Marina del Rey, CA), regularly. From an archive of 1,610 nondialytic individuals with known FFQ data, 30 control subjects were selected randomly to match the age, race, and sex of the case subjects. Intervention: We used Block's FFQ (version 98), an 8-page self-administered questionnaire that has been widely used in epidemiologic studies. A group of trained research assistants supervised the FFQ administration and interviewed those patients who were not able to answer all of the questions without assistance. Student t test was used to compare group means in form of daily dietary intake, and conditional logistic regression was used to calculate odds ratios for predetermined dichotomizing cutoff levels. Main outcome measures: Food intake characteristics of MHD patients as compared with control patients not receiving dialysis. Results: Statistically significant differences between MHD case subjects and nondialytic control subjects were observed between the amounts of daily intake for vitamin C (84 +/- 63 mg/d v 127 70 mg/d, P = .01), dietary fiber (12 +/- 6 g/d v 18 +/- 11 g/d, P = .02), potassium (2,024 1,088 mg/d v 2,701 1,429 mg/d, P = .04), cryptoxanthin (56 88 mug/d v 140 118 mug/d, P = .003), and lycopene (2,052 2,234 mug/d v 4,524 +/-3,979 mug/d, P = .004). These data indicate that MHD patients had a significantly lower intake of vitamin C, dietary fibers, potassium, and 2 of the carotenoid compounds when compared with individuals not receiving dialysis. Moreover, the daily intake of vitamin B-6 was significantly higher in MHD patients probably because of the high pyridoxine content in Nephrovite. By using the conditional logistic regression analysis, the odds ratios for lower than predetermined cutoff levels in patients receiving dialysis were significant for vitamin C, potassium, and the 2 previously mentioned carotenoids (odds ratio between 3.50 and 7.50, P < .05). Conclusions: Patients receiving dialysis may consume significantly lower amounts of potassium, vitamin C, and dietary fibers as well as lower amounts of some carotenoids. The FFQ seems to be a useful tool to compare dietary intake of MHD patients with other groups, although it may underestimate the amount of daily protein and energy intake and, hence, may not be an accurate tool for individual assessment of food intake. More studies are required to evaluate the validity of the FFQ in dialysis patients. The lower vitamin C, fiber, and carotenoid intake of MHD patients may be atherogenic. Hence, the hypothesis is proposed that prescribed restrictions in potassium in MHD patients may lead to reduced fruit and vegetable intake, leaving meat and fats as the main source of calories. This may contribute to atherosclerosis and increased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in these patients. This hypothesis needs to be evaluated in future studies. (C) 2002 by the National Kidney Foundation, Inc.
Resting Heart Rate and Long-term Outcomes Among the African American Population Insights From the Jackson Heart Study; IMPORTANCE Increased resting heart rate is associated with worse outcomes in studies of mostly white populations, but its significance is not well established in African Americans persons whose cardiac comorbidities and structural abnormalities differ. OBJECTIVE To study the prognostic utility of heart rate in a community-based African American cohort in the Jackson Heart Study. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS A total of 5261 participants in the Jackson Heart Study, a prospective, community-based study in Jackson, Mississippi, were evaluated. Baseline heart rate was assessed by quintiles and as a continuous variable. All participants with baseline heart rate documented by a 12-lead electrocardiogram without pacing or atrial fibrillation noted on their baseline Jackson Heart Study examination were included in the study. Follow-up began September 26, 2000, and was completed December 31, 2011. Data analysis was performed from July to October 2015. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Unadjusted and adjusted associations between heart rate and all-cause mortality and heart failure hospitalization using Cox proportional hazards regression models. RESULTS Of the 5261 individuals included in the analysis, 1921 (36.5%) were men; median (25th-75th percentile) age was 55.7 (45.4-64.8) years. Median (25th-75th percentile) baseline heart rate was 63 beats per minute (bpm) (57-71 bpm). The highest heart rate quintile (73-118 bpm) had higher rates of diabetes (398 [37.4%]; P < .001) and hypertension (735 [69.1%]; P < .001), higher body mass index (median [IQR], 32.4 [28.1-38.3]; P < .001), less physical activity (0 hours per week, 561 [52.8%]; P < .001), and lower beta-blocker use (73 [6.9%]; P < .001) compared with lower quintiles. Caffeine intake (from 80.7 to 85.5mg/d; P = .57) and left ventricular ejection fraction (from 62% to 62.3%; P = .01) were similar between groups. As a continuous variable, elevated heart rate was associated with increased mortality and heart failure hospitalizations, with adjusted hazard ratios for every 5-bpm increase of 1.14 (95% CI, 1.10-1.19) and 1.10 (95% CI, 1.05-1.16), respectively. Similar patterns were observed in comparisons between the highest and lowest quintiles. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Higher baseline heart rate was associated with increased mortality and heart failure hospitalizations among African American participants in the Jackson Heart Study. These findings are similar to those seen in white populations, but further study is needed to understand whether African American individuals benefit from interventions targeting heart rate reduction. Copyright 2017 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
JC Virus in CD34<SUP>+</SUP> and CD19<SUP>+</SUP> Cells in Patients With Multiple Sclerosis Treated With Natalizumab; IMPORTANCE Infection with JC virus (JCV) may lead to development of demyelinating progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy in patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) who are treated with natalizumab. OBJECTIVE To determine whether mononuclear cells in circulation from MS patients treated with natalizumab harbor JCV DNA. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS In this prospective investigation, we enrolled 49 MS patients from the Clinical Center for Multiple Sclerosis at The University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center and 18 healthy volunteers. We drew 120-mL blood samples from 26 MS patients at baseline and at approximately 3-month intervals to 10 months during the course of natalizumab infusions. One blood sample was drawn from 23 MS patients receiving natalizumab for more than 24 months and from 18 healthy volunteers. INTERVENTIONS Natalizumab treatment of MS. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES The blood sampleswere separated using flow cytometry into CD34(+), CD19(+), and CD3(+) cell subsets; DNA templates were prepared using quantitative polymerase chain reaction for JCV DNA identification. Plasma samples were tested for anti-JCV antibodies by enzyme-linked A1AQ immunosorbent assays performed at the Laboratory of Molecular Medicine and Neuroscience, National Institute of Neurological and Communicative Diseases and Stroke. RESULTS Thirteen of the 26 patients (50%) with baseline and follow-up blood samples had detectable viral DNA in at least 1 cell compartment at 1 or more points. Ten of the 23 patients (44%) receiving treatment for more than 24 months and 3 of the 18 healthy volunteers (17%) also had detectable viral DNA in 1 or more cell compartment. Fifteen of the 49 MS patients (31%) were confirmed to harbor JCV in CD34(+) cells and 12 of 49 (24%) in CD19(+) cells. Only 1 of 18 healthy volunteers were viremic in CD34(+) cells and none in CD19(+) cells. Nine patients and 1 healthy volunteer were viremic but had seronegative test results for JCV antibodies. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE JC virus DNA was detectable within cell compartments of natalizumab-treated MS patients after treatment inception and longer. JC virus DNA may harbor in CD34(+) cells in bone marrow that mobilize into the peripheral circulation at high concentrations. Latently infected cells initiate differentiation to CD19(+) cells that favors growth of JCV. These data link the mechanism of natalizumab treatment with progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy.
Olmesartan Reduces New-onset Atrial Fibrillation and Atrial Fibrillation Burden after Dual-chamber Pacemaker Implantation in Atrioventricular Block Patients; Background: Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most frequent tachyarrhythmia in patients with a permanent pacemaker. Angiotensin II receptor antagonists have a protective effect against the occurrence of AF in patients with heart diseases. This study aimed to assess the effectiveness of olmesartan in the prevention of new-onset AF and AF burden in atrioventricular block (AVB) patients with dual-chamber (DDD) pacemaker implantation. Methods: This was a single-center, prospective, randomized, single-blind, controlled clinical study. A total of 116 AVB patients, who received DDD pacemakers implantation with the percentage of ventricular pacing (VP%) >= 40% from April 22, 2011 to December 24, 2012, were prospectively randomized to olmesartan group (20 mg per day; n = 57) or control group (n = 59). Patients were followed up using pacemaker programming, 12-lead electrocardiography in the intrinsic sinus rhythm, laboratory examinations, and transthoracic echocardiography at 24 months. Atrial high rate events (AHREs) were defined as 180 beats/min over a minimum of 5 min. AF burden was calculated by the number of hours with AHREs divided by the number of measurement hours. Results: Ten (17.5%) patients in the olmesartan group and 24 patients (40.7%) in the control group occurred new-onset AF, and the difference between two groups was statistically significant (P = 0.04). AF burden was lower in olmesartan group than that in control group (8.02 3.10% vs. 13.66 6.14%, P = 0.04). There were no significant differences in mean days to the first occurrence of AHREs and mean cumulative numbers of AHREs between two groups (P = 0.89 and P = 0.42, respectively). Moreover, olmesartan group had smaller values of maximal P-wave durations and P-wave dispersion (PD) after 24 months follow-up compared with the control group (109.5 7.4 ms vs. 113.4 7.1 ms, P = 0.00; and 40.6 4.5 ms vs. 43.3 4.4 ms, P = 0.02, respectively). Left ventricular end-diastolic diameter and left ventricular ejection fraction were not significantly different between two groups (both P > 0.05). Conclusion: This study suggested that 24-month of olmesartan therapy could reduce new-onset AF and AF burden in patients with DDD pacemakers. Clinical Trial Registration: ChiCTR-TRC-12004443;.
Early-Onset Alzheimer Disease and Candidate Risk Genes Involved in Endolysosomal Transport; IMPORTANCE Mutations in APP, PSEN1, and PSEN2 lead to early-onset Alzheimer disease (EOAD) but account for only approximately?11% of EOAD overall, leaving most of the genetic risk for the most severe form of Alzheimer disease unexplained. This extreme phenotype likely harbors highly penetrant risk variants, making it primed for discovery of novel risk genes and pathways for AD. OBJECTIVE To search for rare variants contributing to the risk for EOAD. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS In this case-control study, whole-exome sequencing (WES) was performed in 51 non-Hispanic white (NHW) patients with EOAD (age at onset <65 years) and 19 Caribbean Hispanic families previously screened as negative for established APP, PSEN1, and PSEN2 causal variants. Participants were recruited from John P. Hussman Institute for Human Genomics, Case Western Reserve University, and Columbia University. Rare, deleterious, nonsynonymous, or loss-of-function variants were filtered to identify variants in known and suspected AD genes, variants in multiple unrelated NHW patients, variants present in 19 Hispanic EOAD WES families, and genes with variants in multiple unrelated NHW patients. These variants/genes were tested for association in an independent cohort of 1524 patients with EOAD, 7046 patients with late-onset AD (LOAD), and 7001 cognitively intact controls (age at examination, >65 years) from the Alzheimer's Disease Genetics Consortium. The study was conducted from January 21, 2013, to October 13, 2016. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Alzheimer disease diagnosed according to standard National Institute of Neurological and Communicative Disorders and Stroke and the Alzheimer Disease and Related Disorders Association criteria. Association between Alzheimer disease and genetic variants and genes was measured using logistic regression and sequence kernel association test-optimal gene tests, respectively. RESULTSOf the 1524 NHW patients with EOAD, 765 (50.2%) were women and mean (SD) age was 60.0 (4.9) years; of the 7046 NHW patients with LOAD, 4171 (59.2%) were women and mean (SD) age was 77.4 (8.6) years; and of the 7001 NHW controls, 4215 (60.2%) were women and mean (SD) age was 77.4 (8.6) years. The gene PSD2, for which multiple unrelated NHW cases had rare missense variants, was significantly associated with EOAD (P = 2.05 x 10(-6); Bonferroni-corrected P value [BP] = 1.3 x 10(-3)) and LOAD (P = 6.22 x 10(-6); BP = 4.1 x 10(-3)). A missense variant in TCIRG1, present in a NHW patient and segregating in 3 cases of a Hispanic family, was more frequent in EOAD cases (odds ratio [OR], 2.13; 95% CI, 0.99-4.55; P = .06; BP = 0.413), and significantly associated with LOAD (OR, 2.23; 95% CI, 1.37-3.62; P = 7.2 x 10(-4); BP = 5.0 x 10(-3)). A missense variant in the LOAD risk gene RIN3 showed suggestive evidence of association with EOAD after Bonferroni correction (OR, 4.56; 95% CI, 1.26-16.48; P = .02, BP = 0.091). In addition, a missense variant in RUFY1 identified in 2 NHW EOAD cases showed suggestive evidence of an association with EOAD as well (OR, 18.63; 95% CI, 1.62-213.45; P = .003; BP = 0.129). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE:The genes PSD2, TCIRG1, RIN3, and RUFY1 all may be involved in endolysosomal transport-a process known to be important to development of AD. Furthermore, this study identified shared risk genes between EOAD and LOAD similar to previously reported genes, such as SORL1, PSEN2, and TREM2.
Role of thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor (TAFI) in patients with acute pulmonary embolism; Thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor (TAFI) is involved in the regulation of the balance between coagulation and fibrinolysis. After activation by the thrombin-thrombomodulin complex, TAFI downregulates plasmin formation, and thereby inhibits degradation of the fibrin clot [1]. High TAFI plasma levels may therefore contribute to an increased risk of thrombotic disorders. Elevated TAFI levels were found in patients with coronary artery disease [2,3]. In patients with venous thrombosis, TAFI levels above the 90th percentile were associated with an increased risk of thrombosis [4]. There are no data available on the role of TAFI levels in patients with pulmonary embolism (PE). The aim of the present case-control study was to examine TAFI antigen levels in relation to markers of coagulation and fibrinolysis in patients with and without acute PE. We investigated 120 patients with suspected PE and D-dimer levels greater than or equal to500ngmL(-1). PE was diagnosed in 71 patients and excluded in 49 patients with a diagnostic strategy including pretest probability and spiral computed tomography (CT) [5]. In patients with proven PE, pulmonary occlusion rate was assessed by spiral CT using the modified Miller index described by Remy-Jardin et al. [6]. Deep vein thrombosis (DVT) was confirmed by compression sonography in 16 and excluded in 50 patients with confirmed PE and clinically suspected DVT. All patients gave written informed consent according to a protocol approved by the local ethics committee. Blood samples were drawn from an antecubital vein within 1 h after admission of the patients. Coagulation assays were performed in citrated plasma, C-reactive protein (CRP) was measured in heparinized blood samples. Total TAFI antigen levels were determined by an enyzme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) (Milan Analytica, La Roche, Switzerland). TAFI levels were expressed as percentage of normal pooled plasma. Fibrinogen levels were measured according toClauss, and D-dimer levels using an automated ELISA technique (VIDAS D-dimer and VIDAS Immunoanalyzer, Bio-Merieux, Lyon, France). Levels of CRP were determined by an immunoturbidimetric agglutination assay (Tina-quant and Hitachi 917 Analyzer, Roche Diagnostics, Rotkreuz, Switzerland). Statistical analyses were performed using the SPSS FOR WINDOWS statistical package, version 9.0 (SPSS Inc., Chicago, IL, USA). TAFI antigen levels did not differ between patients with and without acute PE (mean +/- SD 116.6 +/- 40.2% vs. 119.3 +/- 41.6%; not significant.; tested with the Student t-test). In both patient groups, TAFI antigen levels did not correlate with D-dimer, fibrinogen or CRP levels, respectively. Age and sex had no influence on TAFI levels. No significant differences in TAFI levels were observed between PE patients with and without concomitant DVT (121.9 +/- 30.6 vs. 114.9 +/- 42.9; not significant.; tested with the Mann-Whitney U-test). In patients with PE, TAFI levels showed a stepwise increase with increasing pulmonary occlusion rate (Fig. 1) with significantly higher values in patients with the highest occlusion rates (95-100%) compared to those with occlusion rates of less than or equal to50% (134.8 +/- 52.0 vs. 107.8 +/- 30.4; P = 0.033; tested with the Mann-Whitney U-test). In patients with occlusion rates of 95-100%, TAFI antigen levels were inversely correlated with D-dimer levels (Spearman's bivariate correlation coefficient 0.518; P = 0.023). Overall, TAFI antigen levels in patients with acute PE were not different from those in patients with suspected but excluded PE, suggesting that there is no association between TAFI antigen levels and presence of acute PE. TAFI levels in patients with confirmed PE were not significantly influenced by the presence of symptomatic DVT, but the number of cases was too small to draw final conclusions. However, the 19 patients with massive PE who presented with a high clot burden within the pulmonary arteries, had significantly higher TAFI levels than those with non-massive PE, indicating a relation of TAFI antigen levels with extent of PE. In these patients with a large clot burden, TAFI levels were inversely correlated with D-dimer levels. Therefore, high TAFI levels may lead to less efficient fibrinolysis, expressed by lower D-dimer levels, and increase extent of PE. However, the mechanism leading to increased TAFI levels in patients with high occlusion rates remains unclear. TAFI is mainly synthesized by the liver, but was also shown to be secreted from activated platelets in order to protect the clot in the early stages of its formation [1]. Therefore, in patients with massive PE, plasma TAFI levels might be secondarily increased during blood coagulation by the release from activated platelets. In addition, TAFI levels are under genetic control [7-9] and certain genotypes could represent a genetic risk factor for severe PE. Larger, prospective studies are required to elucidate the role of TAFI in thromboembolic diseases.
Screening of the brachial artery by ultrasound duplex for risk factors before percutaneous brachial approach for diagnostic and interventional coronary angiography; Diagnostic and interventional heart catheterization in peripheral vascular disease often requires due to iliacal disease additional methods of arterial approach besides the Judkin's technique. The percutaneous catheterization of the brachial artery finds widespread use. A major complication linked with this method is an increased rate of thrombotic occlusions at the puncture site. Thus, we investigated in a prospective set-up the ability of duplex ultrasound to identify predictive risk factors for vascular complications. Over a period of 20 months, 8000 patients referred to heart catheterization were studied. Routine catheterization via the femoral route was contraindicated in 34 out of 8000 mostly due to severe peripheral vascular disease with multiple vascular risk factors (diabetes, hypertention, and smoking). 53 patients who had a comparable low risk profile served as the control group. The brachial artery nias examined by ultrasound duplex for vessel anatomy and diameter at the puncture site before coronary angiography. Both groups (patient and control group) showed in 15 % a variable anatomy with a premature division of the brachial artery in 6% proximal of the elbow and in 9 % already distal to the axillary artery. Because of reduced diameters of these variable vessels no procedure was carried out at these arms. In all cases the opposite arm was successfully used instead, because the variants were always located only at one arm. The diameter of the brachial artery measured in average 5.0 +/- 0.8 mm and 4.8 +/- 0.7 mm in patients and controls, respectively. Women had a significantly smaller vessel diameter than men, measuring a difference of 0.4 and 0.6 mm, respectively (p < 0.05). For coronary angiography 6F and 7F arterial sheats were used equally, and in 32 % of all cases a coronary intervention was performed. 31 (91 %) procedures were carried out without complications; there was a false aneurysm in 1 patient (3 %) and an occlusion of the brachial artery at the puncture site in 2 patients (6 %). The occluded vessels of two diabetic women had a reduced diameter at the level of 10 % of the standard distribution and an unfavorable ratio of sheat-to-vessel-diameter which lead initially to an obstruction of nearly 50 % of the vessel lumen during catheterization. Screening of the brachial artery by ultrasound duplex before a percutaneous catheterization for coronary angiography and intervention showed reproducibly the variable anatomy and differences in vessel diameter, which can be risk factors for thrombotic occlusion. Important details for the location of the puncture site and the possible size of the arterial sheat can be obtained, so that coronary interventions with 7F catheter systems are still practicable. This technique is a simple and efficient method to estimate the relative risk of arterial occlusion prior to percutaneous puncture of the brachial artery, especially in a group of patients with severe atherosclerosis and elevated vascular risk-factors.
Prospective echocardiographic assessment of androgenic-anabolic steroids effects on cardiac structure and function in strength athletes; Since the abuse of androgenic-anabolic steroids (AAS) has been associated with the occurrence of serious cardiovascular disease in young athletes, we performed two studies to investigate the effects of short-term AAS administration on heart structure and function in experienced male strength athletes, with special reference to dose and duration of drug abuse. In Study 1 the effects of AAS were assessed in 17 experienced male strength athletes (age 31 +/- 7 y) who self-administered AAS for 8 or 12 - 16 weeks and in 15 non-using strength athletes (age 33 5 y) in a non-blinded design. in Study 2 the effects of administration of nandrolone decanoate (200 mg/wk i.m.) for eight weeks were investigated in 16 bodybuilders in a randomised double blind, placebo controlled design. In all subjects M-mode and two-dimensional Doppler-echocardiography were performed at baseline and after 8 weeks AAS administration. In the athletes of Study 1 who used AAS for 12 - 16 weeks a third echocardiogram was also made at the end of the AAS administration period. Echocardiographic examinations included the determination of the aortic diameter (AD), left atrium diameter (LA), left ventricular end diastolic diameter (LVEDD), interventricular septum thickness (IVS), posterior wall end diastolic wall thickness (PWEDWT), left ventricular mass (LVM), left ventricular mass index (LVMI), ejection fraction (EF) and right ventricular diameter (RVD). For assessment of the diastolic function measurements of E and A peak velocities and calculation of E/A ratio were used. In addition, acceleration and deceleration times of the E-top (ATM and DT, respectively) were determined. For evaluation of factors associated with stroke volume the aorta peak flow (AV) and left ventricular ejection times (LVET) were determined. In Study 1 eight weeks AAS self-administration did not result in changes of blood pressure or cardiac size and function. Additionally, duration of AAS self-administration did not have any impact on these parameters. Study 2 revealed that eight weeks administration of nandrolone decanoate did not induce significant alterations in blood pressure and heart morphology and function. Short-term administration of AAS for periods up to 16 weeks did not lead to detectable echocardiographic alterations of heart morphology and systolic and diastolic function in experienced strength athletes. The administration regimen used nor the length of AAS abuse did influence the results. Moreover, it is concluded that echocardiographic evaluation may provide incomplete assessment of the actual cardiac condition in AAS users since it is not sensitive enough to detect alterations at the cellular level. Nevertheless, from the present study no conclusions can be drawn of the cardiotoxic effects of long term AAS abuse.
Multi-disciplinary rehabilitation for acquired brain injury in adults of working age; Background Evidence from systematic reviews demonstrates that multi-disciplinary rehabilitation is effective in the stroke population, in which older adults predominate. However, the evidence base for the effectiveness of rehabilitation following acquired brain injury (ABI) in younger adults has not been established, perhaps because this scenario presents different methodological challenges in research. Objectives To assess the effects of multi-disciplinary rehabilitation following ABI in adults 16 to 65 years of age. Search methods We ran the most recent search on 14 September 2015. We searched the Cochrane Injuries Group Specialised Register, The Cochrane Library, Ovid MEDLINE(R), Ovid MEDLINE(R) In-Process & Other Non-Indexed Citations, Ovid MEDLINE(R) Daily and Ovid OLDMEDLINE(R), Embase Classic+Embase (OvidSP), Web of Science (ISI WOS) databases, clinical trials registers, and we screened reference lists. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing multi-disciplinary rehabilitation versus routinely available local services or lower levels of intervention; or trials comparing an intervention in different settings, of different intensities or of different timing of onset. Controlled clinical trials were included, provided they met pre-defined methodological criteria. Data collection and analysis Three review authors independently selected trials and rated their methodological quality. A fourth review author would have arbitrated if consensus could not be reached by discussion, but in fact, this did not occur. As in previous versions of this review, we used the method described by Van Tulder 1997 to rate the quality of trials and to perform a 'best evidence' synthesis by attributing levels of evidence on the basis of methodological quality. Risk of bias assessments were performed in parallel using standard Cochrane methodology. However, the Van Tulder system provided a more discriminative evaluation of rehabilitation trials, so we have continued to use it for our primary synthesis of evidence. We subdivided trials in terms of severity of brain injury, setting and type and timing of rehabilitation offered. Main results We identified a total of 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality, according to the van Tulder scoring system. Within the subgroup of predominantly mild brain injury, 'strong evidence' suggested that most individuals made a good recovery when appropriate information was provided, without the need for additional specific interventions. For moderate to severe injury, 'strong evidence' showed benefit from formal intervention, and 'limited evidence' indicated that commencing rehabilitation early after injury results in better outcomes. For participants with moderate to severe ABI already in rehabilitation, 'strong evidence' revealed that more intensive programmes are associated with earlier functional gains, and 'moderate evidence' suggested that continued outpatient therapy could help to sustain gains made in early post-acute rehabilitation. The context of multi-disciplinary rehabilitation appears to influence outcomes. 'Strong evidence' supports the use of a milieu-oriented model for patients with severe brain injury, in which comprehensive cognitive rehabilitation takes place in a therapeutic environment and involves a peer group of patients. 'Limited evidence' shows that specialist in-patient rehabilitation and specialist multi-disciplinary community rehabilitation may provide additional functional gains, but studies serve to highlight the particular practical and ethical restraints imposed on randomisation of severely affected individuals for whom no realistic alternatives to specialist intervention are available. Authors' conclusions Problems following ABI vary. Consequently, different interventions and combinations of interventions are required to meet the needs of patients with different problems. Patients who present acutely to hospital with mild brain injury benefit from follow-up and appropriate information and advice. Those with moderate to severe brain injury benefit from routine follow-up so their needs for rehabilitation can be assessed. Intensive intervention appears to lead to earlier gains, and earlier intervention whilst still in emergency and acute care has been supported by limited evidence. The balance between intensity and cost-effectiveness has yet to be determined. Patients discharged from in-patient rehabilitation benefit from access to out-patient or community-based services appropriate to their needs. Group-based rehabilitation in a therapeutic milieu (where patients undergo neuropsychological rehabilitation in a therapeutic environment with a peer group of individuals facing similar challenges) represents an effective approach for patients requiring neuropsychological rehabilitation following severe brain injury. Not all questions in rehabilitation can be addressed by randomised controlled trials or other experimental approaches. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money in the context of life-long care. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside practice-based evidence gathered from large systematic longitudinal cohort studies conducted in the context of routine clinical practice.
Atypical antipsychotics and glucose homeostasis; Objectives: Persistent reports have linked atypical antipsychotics with diabetes, yet causative mechanisms responsible for this linkage are unclear. Goals of this review are to outline the pathogenesis of nonimmune diabetes and to survey the available literature related to why antipsychotics may lead to this disease. Data Sources: We accessed the literature regarding atypical antipsychotics and glucose homeostasis using PubMed. The search included English-language publications from 1990 through October 2004. Keywords used included atypical antipsychotics plus one of the following: glucose, insulin, glucose tolerance, obesity, or diabetes. In addition, we culled information from published abstracts from several national and international scientific meetings for the years 2001 through 2004, including the American Diabetes Association, the International Congress on Schizophrenia Research, and the American College of Neuropsychopharmacology. The latter search was necessary because of the paucity of well-controlled prospective studies. Study Selection: We examined publications with significant new data or publications that contributed to the overall comprehension of the impact of atypical antipsychotics on glucose metabolism. We favored original peer-reviewed articles and were less likely to cite single case studies and/or anecdotal information. Approximately 75% of the fewer than 150 identified articles were examined and included in this review. Data Extraction: Validity of data was evaluated using the existence of peer-review status as well as our own experience with methodology described in the specific articles. Data Synthesis: The metabolic profile caused by atypical antipsychotic treatment resembles type 2 diabetes. These agents cause weight gain in treated subjects and may induce obesity in both visceral and subcutaneous depots, as occurs in diabetes. Insulin resistance, usually associated with obesity, occurs to varying degrees with different antipsychotics, although more comparative studies with direct assessment of resistance are needed. A major problem in assessing drug effects is that psychiatric disease itself can cause many of the manifestations leading to diabetes, including weight gain and sedentary lifestyle. While studies in healthy subjects are limited and inconclusive, studies in animal models are more revealing. In the conscious canine model, some atypical antipsychotics cause adiposity, including visceral obesity, a strong risk factor for the metabolic syndrome. Furthermore, while few studies have examined effects of antipsychotics on pancreatic beta-cell function, canine studies demonstrate that expected beta-cell compensation for insulin resistance may be reduced or even eliminated with these agents. Conclusions: Atypical antipsychotics have been shown to contribute to weight gain, which may well reflect increased body fat deposition. Such increased fat is known to cause resistance to insulin action, although more information regarding effect on insulin action is needed. The effect of these drugs on fat distribution has been clearly shown in animal models. It is known that the normal response to insulin resistance is compensatory hyperinsulinemia, which may prevent diabetes. In animals, there is evidence that the hyperinsulinemic compensation is inadequate in the face of atypical antipsychotic agents. It remains to be examined whether failure of adequate pancreatic beta-cell compensation for insulin resistance plays a central role in the pathogenesis of diabetes associated with this class of drugs.
A randomised controlled trial and cost-effectiveness study of systematic screening (targeted and total population screening) versus routine practice for the detection of atrial fibrillation in people aged 65 and over. The SAFE study; Objectives: To determine the most cost-effective method of screening for atrial fibrillation (AF) in the population aged 65 years and over, as well as its prevalence and incidence in this age group. Also to evaluate the relative cost-effectiveness of different methods of recording and interpreting the electrocardiogram ( ECG) within a screening programme. Design: Multicentred randomised controlled trial. Purposefully selected general practices were randomly allocated to 25 intervention practices and 25 control practices. Setting: Fifty primary care centres across the West Midlands, UK. Participants: Patients aged 65 years and over. Interventions: GPs and practice nurses in the intervention practices received education on the importance of AF detection and ECG interpretation. Patients in the intervention practices were randomly allocated to systematic ( n = 5000) or opportunistic screening ( n = 5000). Prospective identification of pre- existing risk factors for AF within the screened population enabled comparison between targeted screening of people at higher risk of AF and total population screening. Main outcome measures: AF detection rates in systematically screened and opportunistically screened populations in the intervention practices were compared with AF detection rate in 5000 patients in the control practices. The screening period was 12 months. Results: Baseline prevalence of AF was 7.2%, with a higher prevalence in males (7.8%) and patients aged 75 years and over (10.3%). The control population demonstrated higher baseline prevalence (7.9%) than either the systematic ( 6.9%) or opportunistic ( 6.9%) intervention population. In the control population 47 new cases were detected ( incidence 1.04% per year). In the opportunistic arm 243 patients without a baseline diagnosis of AF were found to have an irregular pulse, with 177 having an ECG, yielding 31 new cases ( incidence 0.69% per year). A further 44 cases were detected outside the screening programme ( overall incidence 1.64% per year). In the systematic arm 2357 patients had an ECG yielding 52 new cases ( incidence 1.1% per year). Of these, 31 were detected by targeted screening and a further 21 by total population screening. A further 22 cases were detected outside the screening programme ( overall incidence 1.62% per year). In terms of ECG interpretation, computerised decision support software (CDSS) gave a sensitivity of 87.3%, a specificity of 99.1% and a positive predictive value (PPV) of 89.5% compared with the gold standard ( cardiologist reporting). GPs and practice nurses performed less well. The only difference in performance between intervention populations and controls was that practice nurses from the control arm performed less well than with intervention practice nurses on interpretation of limblead ( PPV 38.8% versus 20.8%) and single-lead ( PPV 37.7% versus 24.0%) ECGs. The within-trial economic evaluation results showed the lowest incremental cost to be for the opportunistic arm, with an incremental cost-effectiveness ratio of 337 pound for each additional case detected compared to the control arm. Opportunistic screening dominated both more intensive screening strategies. Model- based analyses showed small differences in cost and quality-adjusted life-years for different methods and intensities of screening, but annual opportunistic screening resulted in the lowest number of ischaemic strokes and greatest proportion of cases of AF diagnosed. Probabilistic sensitivity results indicated that there was a probability of approximately 60% that screening from the age of 65 years was cost-effective in both men and women. Conclusions: The results of the study indicated that in terms of a screening programme for atrial fibrillation in patients 65 and over, the only strategy that improved on routine practice was opportunistic screening, model-based analyses indicated that there was a probability of approximately 60% of annual opportunistic screening being cost effective. It is suggested that the following topics are worthy of further investigation: the effect of the implementation of a screening programme for AF on the uptake and maintenance of anticoagulation in patients aged 65 years and over; an evaluation of the role of CDSS in the diagnosis of cardiac arrythmias; the best method for routinely detecting paroxysmal AF; ways of improving healthcare professionals' performance in ECG interpretation; development of a robust economic model to incorporate data on new therapeutic agents for use as thromboprophylactic agents for patients with AF, and an evaluation of the relative risk of stroke for patients with incident as opposed to prevalent AF.
Intravascular brachytherapy for peripheral vascular disease; Background Interventional treatment of arteries that are narrowed and obstructed by atherosclerosis involves either bypassing the blockage using a graft; widening the artery from the inside with a balloon, a procedure known as percutaneous transluminal angioplasty (PTA); or providing a strut to hold the vessel open, known as a stent. All of these treatments are, however, limited by the high numbers that fail within a year. Intravascular brachytherapy is the application of radiation directly to the site of vessel narrowing. It is known to inhibit the processes that lead to restenosis (narrowing) of vessels and grafts after treatment. This is an update of a review first published in 2002. Objectives To assess the efficacy of, and complications associated with, intravascular brachytherapy (IVBT) for maintaining patency after angioplasty or stent insertion in native vessels or bypass grafts of the iliac or infrainguinal arteries. Search methods For this update the Cochrane Peripheral Vascular Diseases Group Trials Search Co-ordinator searched their Specialised Register (last searched August 2013) and CENTRAL (2013, Issue 7). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of the use of brachytherapy as an adjunct to the endovascular treatment of people with peripheral arterial disease (PAD) or stenosed bypass grafts of the iliac or infrainguinal arteries versus the procedure without brachytherapy. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trial quality and two other review authors independently extracted the data. Adverse event information was collected from the trials. Main results Eight trials with a combined total of 1090 participants were included in this review. All included studies used the femoropopliteal artery. We did not identify any studies that used the iliac arteries. All studies compared PTA with or without stenting plus IVBT versus PTA with or without stenting alone. No trials were found comparing IVBT to technologies such as drug eluting stents or balloons, or cryoplasty. Follow-up ranged from six months to five years. The quality of the included trials was moderate with our concerns relating to the difficulty of blinding due to the nature of the procedures and the small sample sizes for some studies. Primary outcomes (patency or restenosis and need for re-intervention) were reported in the majority of the trials, but reporting at various time points and the use of multiple definitions of the outcomes by the included studies meant that not all data were available for pooling. The secondary outcomes were not reported in many of the included studies. For brachytherapy, cumulative patency was higher at 24 months (odds ratio (OR) 2.36, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.36 to 4.10, n = 222, P = 0.002). A statistically significant difference was found for restenosis at six months (OR 0.27, 95% CI 0.11 to 0.66, n = 562, P = 0.004), 12 months (OR 0.44, 95% CI 0.28 to 0.68, n = 375, P = 0.0002) and 24 months (OR 0.41, 95% CI 0.21 to 0.78, n = 164, P = 0.007) in favour of IVBT. No difference was found after five years as measured in one study. The need for re-interventions was reported in six studies. Target lesion revascularisation was significantly reduced in trial participants treated with IVBT compared with angioplasty alone (OR 0.51, 95% CI 0.27 to 0.97, P = 0.04) at six months after the interventions. No statistically significant difference was found between the procedures on the need for re-intervention at 12 and 24 months after the procedures. A statistically significant lower number of occlusions was found in the control group at more than three months (OR 11.46, 95% CI 1.44 to 90.96, n = 363, P = 0.02) but no differences were found at less than one month nor at 12 months after the procedures making the clinical significance uncertain. Ankle brachial index was statistically significantly better for IVBT at the 12 month follow-up (mean difference 0.08, 95% CI 0.02 to 0.14, n = 100, P = 0.02) but no statistically significant differences were found at 24 hours and at six months. Quality of life, complications, limb loss, cardiovascular deaths, death from all causes, pain free walking distance and maximum walking distance on a treadmill were similar for the two arms of the trials with no statistically significant difference found between the treatment groups. Authors' conclusions The evidence for using peripheral artery brachytherapy as an adjunct to percutaneous transluminal angioplasty to maintain patency and for the prevention of restenosis in people with peripheral vascular disease is limited, mainly due to the inconsistency of assessment and reporting of clinically relevant outcomes. More data are needed on clinically relevant outcomes such as health related quality of life (HRQOL) or limb salvage and longer-term outcomes, together with comparisons with other techniques such as drug eluting balloons and stents. Adequately powered randomised controlled trials, health economics and cost-effectiveness data are required before the procedure could be recommended for widespread use.
Drug-eluting balloon angioplasty versus uncoated balloon angioplasty for peripheral arterial disease of the lower limbs; Background Atherosclerotic peripheral arterial disease (PAD) can lead to disabling ischemia and limb loss. Treatment modalities have included risk factor optimization through life-style modifications and medications, or operative approaches using both open and minimally invasive techniques, such as balloon angioplasty. Drug-eluting balloon (DEB) angioplasty has emerged as a promising alternative to uncoated balloon angioplasty for the treatment of this difficult disease process. By ballooning and coating the inside of atherosclerotic vessels with cytotoxic agents, such as paclitaxel, cellular mechanisms responsible for atherosclerosis and neointimal hyperplasia are inhibited and its devastating complications are prevented or postponed. DEBs are considerably more expensive than uncoated balloons, and their efficacy in improving patient outcomes is unclear. Objectives To assess the efficacy of drug-eluting balloons (DEBs) compared with uncoated, nonstenting balloon angioplasty in people with symptomatic lower-limb peripheral arterial disease (PAD). Search methods The Cochrane Vascular Trials Search Co-ordinator (TSC) searched the Specialised Register (last searched December 2015) and Cochrane Register of Studies (CRS) (2015, Issue 11). The TSC searched trial databases for details of ongoing and unpublished studies. Selection criteria We included all randomized controlled trials that compared DEBs with uncoated, nonstenting balloon angioplasty for intermittent claudication (IC) or critical limb ischemia (CLI). Data collection and analysis Two review authors (AK, TA) independently selected the appropriate trials and performed data extraction, assessment of trial quality, and data analysis. The senior review author (DKR) adjudicated any disagreements. Main results Eleven trials that randomized 1838 participants met the study inclusion criteria. Seven of the trials included femoropopliteal arterial lesions, three included tibial arterial lesions, and one included both. The trials were carried out in Europe and in the USA and all used the taxane drug paclitaxel in the DEB arm. Nine of the 11 trials were industry-sponsored. Four companies manufactured the DEB devices (Bard, Bavaria Medizin, Biotronik, and Medtronic). The trials examined both anatomic and clinical endpoints. There was heterogeneity in the frequency of stent deployment and the type and duration of antiplatelet therapy between trials. Using GRADE assessment criteria, the quality of the evidence presented was moderate for the outcomes of target lesion revascularization and change in Rutherford category, and high for amputation, primary vessel patency, binary restenosis, death, and change in ankle-brachial index (ABI). Most participants were followed up for 12 months, but one trial reported outcomes at five years. There were better outcomes for DEBs for up to two years in primary vessel patency (odds ratio (OR) 1.47, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.22 to 9.57 at six months; OR 1.92, 95% CI 1.45 to 2.56 at 12 months; OR 3.51, 95% CI 2.26 to 5.46 at two years) and at six months and two years for late lumen loss (mean difference (MD) -0.64 mm, 95% CI -1.00 to -0.28 at six months; MD -0.80 mm, 95% CI -1.44 to -0.16 at two years). DEB were also superior to uncoated balloon angioplasty for up to five years in target lesion revascularization (OR 0.28, 95% CI 0.17 to 0.47 at six months; OR 0.40, 95% CI 0.31 to 0.51 at 12 months; OR 0.28, 95% CI 0.18 to 0.44 at two years; OR 0.21, 95% CI 0.09 to 0.51 at five years) and binary restenosis rate (OR 0.44, 95% CI 0.29 to 0.67 at six months; OR 0.38, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.98 at 12 months; OR 0.26, 95% CI 0.10 to 0.66 at two years; OR 0.12, 95% CI 0.05 to 0.30 at five years). There was no significant difference between DEB and uncoated angioplasty in amputation, death, change in ABI, change in Rutherford category and quality of life (QoL) scores, or functional walking ability, although none of the trials were powered to detect a significant difference in these clinical endpoints. We carried out two subgroup analyses to examine outcomes in femoropopliteal and tibial interventions as well as in people with CLI (4 or greater Rutherford class), and showed no advantage for DEBs in tibial vessels at six and 12 months compared with uncoated balloon angioplasty. There was also no advantage for DEBs in CLI compared with uncoated balloon angioplasty at 12 months. Authors' conclusions Based on a meta-analysis of 11 trials with 1838 participants, there is evidence of an advantage for DEBs compared with uncoated balloon angioplasty in several anatomic endpoints such as primary vessel patency (high-quality evidence), binary restenosis rate (moderate-quality evidence), and target lesion revascularization (low-quality evidence) for up to 12 months. Conversely, there is no evidence of an advantage for DEBs in clinical endpoints such as amputation, death, or change in ABI, or change in Rutherford category during 12 months' follow-up. Well-designed randomized trials with long-term follow-up are needed to compare DEBs with uncoated balloon angioplasties adequately for both anatomic and clinical study endpoints before the widespread use of this expensive technology can be justified.
Characterization of the Laryngeal Adductor Reflex by Stimulation with Microdroplets Impulses (Micro-droplet Impulse Testing); Zusammenfassung Hintergrund: Der Kehlkopf gilt als Kreuzungsstelle zwischen Atem- und Schluckwegen. Erfolgt die Nahrungsaufnahme, mussen durch geeignete Verschlussmechanismen die Atemwege unterhalb der Glottis sicher gegen ein Eindringen von Nahrungsbestandteilen geschutzt werden. Als wesentlicher Verschlussmechanismus gilt der laryngeale Adduktionsreflex (LAR) mit einer fruhen, vermutlich di- oder oligosynaptisch verschalteten ipsilateralen LAR1- und einer spaten polysynaptischen ipsi- und kontralateralen LAR2-Komponente. Ziel der Studie war es, repetitiv und nicht-invasiv bei gesunden Probanden den LAR zu messen und die empirisch gewonnenen Daten mit Daten, die von invasiven Charakterisierungsstudien gewonnen wurden, zu vergleichen. Methodik: Im Rahmen einer prospektiven Pilotstudie wurde bei 10 Probanden zwischen 22 und 57 Jahren mit gezielt auf die endolaryngeale Schleimhaut applizierten, sehr kleinen Wassertropfchen (Microdroplet impulse testing MIT) der LAR provoziert. Durch gleichzeitige Beobachtung der anatomischen Strukturen mit einem Hochgeschwindigkeitsglottografie-System konnte die Zeit zwischen Auftreffen des Mikrotropfens auf der Schleimhaut und dem Beginn der Stimmlippenadduktionsbewegung und somit ein Naherungswert fur die Reflexlatenzzeit ermittelt werden. Ergebnisse: Die Auswertung des Bildmaterials lie ss keine fruhe Stimmlippenbewegung entsprechend einer LAR1 Komponente erkennen. Die gemessenen Latenzzeiten fur LAR2 waren hoher, als die per EMG gemessenen/publizierten Werte. Zwischen rechter und linker Larynxstimulation gab es keine signifikanten Unterschiede in den Latenzzeiten. Diskussion: Moglicherweise ist die per EMG ermittelte LAR1 Komponente als Muskelaktivitat nicht ausreichend, um eine sichtbare Adduktionsbewegung herbeizufuhren. Dass im Vergleich zu den bisher publizierten EMG Werten die hier gemessene Latenzzeit langer war, erklart sich moglicherweise aus der Tatsache, dass die visuell detektierbare Muskelaktivitat erst verzogert nach einer bereits per EMG feststellbaren Muskelaktivitat einsetzt. Weitere Studien zum LAR erscheinen insbesondere deshalb sehr wunschenswert, weil die hier gewonnenen Ergebnisse auch Fragen zur klinischen Bedeutsamkeit des LAR aufwerfen. Abstract Background: The larynx is considered a crossing point between breathing and swallowing pathways. During swallowing, the airway below the glottis must be protected against food components by an appropriate laryngeal closure mechanism. The laryngeal adductor reflex (LAR) with an early, probably di- or oligosynaptic interconnected ipsilateral LAR1- and a late ipsilateral and contralateral LAR2 polysynaptic component is believed to serve as such a mechanism. Here we aimed to measure and characterize the LAR in healthy volunteers and to compare the data obtained with previously published data. Methods: We designed a prospective pilot study. 10 healthy volunteers (22-57 years) participated. To elicit the LAR we used a newly designed microdroplet impulse testing (MIT) device: very small waterdroplets were shot onto the endolaryngeal mucosa. By simultaneously observing the anatomical structures with a high speed glottography system, the time between impact of the microdroplet on the mucosa and the beginning of the adduction movement and thus an approximate value for the reflex latency could be determined. Results: An early adduction movement corresponding to LAR1 could not be detected. The measured LAR2 latency time was higher than the EMG LAR2 data. No significant latency difference between right and left stimulation was found. Discussion: Since we were unable to demonstrate any LAR1 component it may be that muscle activity observable by EMG may not be sufficient to lead to a visible medial vocal cord movement. The longer LAR2 latency compared to EMG data may be explained by the fact that the visually vocal cord movement occurs after a delay although muscle activity already started as evidenced by EMG. Further studies on LAR are warranted, especially since our results also raise questions about the clinical significance of the LAR.
