9p21 locus rs10757278 is associated with advanced carotid atherosclerosis in a gender-specific manner; Single nucleotide polymorphisms from the chromosome locus 9p21 are reported to carry a risk for various cardiovascular diseases. One of the lead single nucleotide polymorphisms, rs10757278, was mostly investigated in association with coronary artery disease but rarely with carotid atherosclerosis. In this study, we aimed to analyze the association of rs10757278 A/G polymorphism with carotid plaque presence in advanced carotid atherosclerosis. The study included 803 participants, 486 patients with high-grade stenosis (>70%) who were undergoing carotid endarterectomy and 317 controls from Serbian population. Genotypes were determined using the real-time polymerase chain reaction. According to the recessive model of inheritance, GG genotype was significantly and independently associated with carotid plaque in females only (odds ratio 2.42, CI = 1.20-4.90, P = 0.013). Odds ratio was adjusted for age, body mass index, hypertension, TC, LDLC, HDLC and TG, and P value was corrected for multiple comparisons. Our preliminary findings suggest a gender-specific association of rs10757278 polymorphism with carotid plaque. Further studies on larger sample and in genetically and environmentally similar populations are needed.
Perioperative ischemia and cardiac complications in major vascular surgery: Importance of the preoperative twelve-lead electrocardiogram; Purpose: To investigate the associations between specific preoperative 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) abnormalities, perioperative ischemia, and postoperative myocardial infarction or cardiac death in major vascular surgery. Methods: Two prospective studies on perioperative myocardial ischemia performed in two tertiary university hospitals were combined to include 405 patients. All preoperative ECGs were analyzed according to the Sokolow-Lyon criteria for left ventricular hypertrophy by investigators who were blinded to the patients' perioperative clinical course. Perioperative myocardial ischemia was detected by continuous ECG recording, and postoperative cardiac complications included myocardial infarction and cardiac death. Results: A total of 19 postoperative cardiac complications occurred (two cardiac deaths and 17 myocardial infarctions). Voltage criteria for left ventricular hypertrophy (78 patients, 19%) and ST segment depression greater than 0.5 mm (98 patients, 24.2%) on preoperative ECGs were both significantly associated with postoperative myocardial infarction or cardiac death (odds ratio, 4.2 and 4.7; p = 0.001 and 0.0005, respectively) and with longer intraoperative and postoperative myocardial ischemia. In each of the two study groups, a preoperative ECG abnormality that involved voltage criteria, ST segment depression, or both (134 patients, 33.1%) was more predictive of postoperative cardiac complications than any other preoperative clinical variable, including a history of myocardial infarction or angina pectoris, diabetes mellitus, pathologic Q-wave by ECG, or preoperative myocardial ischemia. The combined duration of intraoperative and postoperative ischemia and the preoperative ECG with either voltage criteria or ST segment depression were the only independent factors associated with adverse cardiac events by multivariate analysis (p less than or equal to 0.0001 and p = 0.02, respectively). Conclusion: Left ventricular hypertrophy and ST segment depression on preoperative 12-lead ECGs are important markers of increased risk for myocardial infarction or cardiac death after major vascular surgery.
Repeated replication and a prospective meta-analysis of the association between chromosome 9p21.3 and coronary artery disease; Background - Recently, genome-wide association studies identified variants on chromosome 9p21.3 as affecting the risk of coronary artery disease (CAD). We investigated the association of this locus with CAD in 7 case-control studies and undertook a meta-analysis. Methods and Results - A single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP), rs1333049, representing the 9p21.3 locus, was genotyped in 7 case-control studies involving a total of 4645 patients with myocardial infarction or CAD and 5177 controls. The mode of inheritance was determined. In addition, in 5 of the 7 studies, we genotyped 3 additional SNPs to assess a risk-associated haplotype (ACAC). Finally, a meta-analysis of the present data and previously published samples was conducted. A limited fine mapping of the locus was performed. The risk allele (C) of the lead SNP, rs1333049, was uniformly associated with CAD in each study (P < 0.05). In a pooled analysis, the odds ratio per copy of the risk allele was 1.29 (95% confidence interval, 1.22 to 1.37; P = 0.0001). Haplotype analysis further suggested that this effect was not homogeneous across the haplotypic background (test for interaction, P = 0.0079). An autosomal-additive mode of inheritance best explained the underlying association. The meta-analysis of the rs1333049 SNP in 12 004 cases and 28 949 controls increased the overall level of evidence for association with CAD to P = 6.04 x 10(-10) (odds ratio, 1.24; 95% confidence interval, 1.20 to 1.29). Genotyping of 31 additional SNPs in the region identified several with a highly significant association with CAD, but none had predictive information beyond that of the rs1333049 SNP. Conclusion - This broad replication provides unprecedented evidence for association between genetic variants at chromosome 9p21.3 and risk of CAD.
PERIPROCEDURAL MYOCARDIAL-ISCHEMIA IN PATIENTS WITH SEVERE SYMPTOMATIC CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE UNDERGOING ENDOSCOPY - PREVALENCE AND RISK-FACTORS; PURPOSE: TO determine the prevalence of and risk factors for periprocedural myocardial ischemia associated with gastrointestinal endoscopy in patients with severe symptomatic coronary artery disease. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In this prospective observational study, myocardial ischemia (ST segment change >100 mu V in any 2 leads or >200 mu V in any 1 lead, lasting >60 seconds) was assessed using a continuous 12-lead digital electrocardiographic monitor before, during, and after gastrointestinal endoscopy. RESULTS: Between June 1992 and May 1993, 1,084 esophagogastroduodenoscopies and 588 colonoscopies were performed during 1,438 consecutive endoscopies on patients admitted to a university hospital. Seventy (18%) of 252 patients with prior angiography had significant coronary artery disease. Fifty-two (74%) were successfully enrolled, and satisfactory electrocardiographic recordings were obtained from 49 (median age 65 years, interquartile range 58 to 74). Thirty-six were men, 12 had myocardial infarctions within the 6 weeks (median 12.5 days, interquartile range 8 to 18), and 25 had unstable angina. The coronary artery disease involved 1 vessel in 14 subjects, 2 vessels in 21, and 3 vessels in 14. Nineteen episodes of ischemia (4 pre-, 6 intra-, 9 postprocedure) were detected in 8 patients (16%; 95% confidence interval, 6% to 26%) during the recording period (median duration 322 min, interquartile range 227 to 429). One patient became symptomatic with a myocardial infarction. Multivariable logistic regression showed that women experienced more periprocedural ischemia compared to men (31% versus 11%; P = 0.058). CONCLUSIONS: Myocardial ischemia occurs during the periprocedural period in 16% of hospitalized patients with severe coronary artery disease undergoing gastrointestinal endoscopy. Endoscopy is safe in hemodynamically stable patients with recent myocardial infarction and/or unstable angina. Women appear to be at greater risk for periprocedural ischemia associated with endoscopy.
Sequence Variants on Chromosome 9p21.3 Confer Risk for Atherosclerotic Stroke; Objective: Recent studies have identified a major locus for risk for coronary artery disease and myocardial infiarction on chromosome 9p21.3. Stroke, in particular, ischemic stroke caused by atherosclerotic disease, shares common mechanisms with myocardial infarction. We investigated whether the 9p21 region contributes to ischemic stroke risk. Methods: In an initial screen, 15 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) covering the critical genetic interval on 9p21 were genotyped in samples from Southern Germany (1,090 cases, 1,244 control subjects) and the United Kingdom (758 cases, 872 control subjects, 3 SNPs). SNPs significantly associated with ischemic stroke or individual stroke subtypes in either of the screening samples were Subsequently genotyped in 2,528 additional cases and 2,189 additional control Subjects from Europe and North America. Results: Genotyping of the screening samples demonstrated associations between seven SNPs and atherosclerotic stroke (all p < 0.05). Analysis of the full sample confirmed associations between six SNPs and atherosclerotic stroke in multivariate analyses controlling for demographic variables, coronary, artery disease, myocardial infarction, and vascular risk factors (all p < 0.05). The odds ratios for the lead SNP (rs1537378-C) were similar in the various subsamples with a pooled odds ratio of 1.21 (95% confidence interval, 1.07-1.37) under both fixed- and random-effects models (p = 0.002). The point estimate for the population attributable risk is 20.1% For atherosclerotic stroke. Interpretation: The chromosome 9p21.3 region represents a major risk locus for atherosclerotic stroke. The effect of this locus on stroke appears to be independent of its relation to coronary artery disease and other stroke risk factors. Our findings support a broad role of the 9p21 region in arterial disease.
MONITORING FOR MYOCARDIAL-ISCHEMIA DURING NONCARDIAC SURGERY - A TECHNOLOGY-ASSESSMENT OF TRANSESOPHAGEAL ECHOCARDIOGRAPHY AND 12-LEAD ELECTROCARDIOGRAPHY; Objective.-Transesophageal echocardiography (TEE) and 12-lead electrocardiography (ECG) are sophisticated techniques that are increasingly being used to monitor for myocardial ischemia during noncardiac surgery. We examined whether the routine use of these techniques has incremental clinical value in identifying patients at high risk for perioperative ischemic outcomes when compared with preoperative clinical data and intraoperative monitoring using continuous two-lead bipolar ECG. Design.-Cohort study. Setting.-Veterans Affairs medical center. Patients.-A total of 332 men undergoing noncardiac surgery who had or were at high risk for coronary artery disease. Interventions.-TEE, 12-lead ECG, and two-lead ECG were performed continuously during noncardiac surgery (47% vascular, 53% nonvascular). Monitoring results were not available to anesthesiologists or surgeons, and data were blindly analyzed after surgery. Main Outcome Measure.-Perioperative ischemic outcomes (cardiac death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, unstable angina). Results.-In a subset of 285 patients who were adequately studied by all three techniques, 111 patients (39%) were identified as having intraoperative myocardial ischemia (by one or more monitoring techniques). By univariate analysis, intraoperative ischemia was associated with all perioperative cardiac outcomes, including ischemic outcomes, congestive heart failure, and ventricular tachycardia (P less-than-or-equal-to .02 for each of the three monitoring techniques). However, when monitoring results for TEE and 12-lead ECG were added to a multivariate model that included preoperative clinical data and continuous two-lead ECG results, the incremental value of TEE was small (odds ratio, 2.6; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.2 to 5.7; P=.02) and that of 12-lead ECG was not significant (odds ratio, 1.5; 95% CI, 0.6 to 3.8). Furthermore, when the multivariate analysis was repeated with only ischemic outcomes, neither TEE nor 12-lead ECG retained significant associations (odds ratio, 2.2; 95% CI, 0.5 to 9.4, and odds ratio, 1.1; 95% CI, 0.2 to 6.1, respectively). Conclusion.-When compared with preoperative clinical data and intraoperative monitoring using two-lead ECG, routine monitoring for myocardial ischemia with TEE or 12-lead ECG during noncardiac surgery has little incremental clinical value in identifying patients at high risk for perioperative ischemic outcomes.
Atherosclerotic expansive remodeled plaques: A wolf in sheep's clothing; Geometric arterial remodeling is an important determinant of luminal narrowing in atherosclerotic disease. Expansive remodeling retards while constrictive remodeling accelerates luminal narrowing by plaque formation. Cross-sectional as well as follow-up studies revealed that expansive remodeling is associated with adverse cardiovascular events and a vulnerable plaque phenotype. Although the relation between expansive remodeling and plaque vulnerability is associative rather than causal, expansively remodeled plaques should be considered as a wolf in sheep's clothes. Further understanding of the processes that regulate arterial remodeling and plaque rupture may lead to new strategies to responsibly manipulate these processes for the benefit of patient outcomes. Copyright (C) 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Myocardial ischemia, cardiac troponin, and long-term survival of high-cardiac risk critically ill intensive care unit patients; Objectives: To determine the incidence and association of myocardial ischemia with troponin elevation and survival in high-cardiac-risk intensive care patients. Design: Prospective observational study. Setting: Intensive care unit of a tertiary hospital. Subjects: One-hundred one general intensive care unit patients having a history of coronary artery disease or at least two risk factors for coronary artery disease. Interventions: Continuous 12-lead electrocardiographic monitoring with on-line ST-trend analysis, daily cardiac troponin measurements, clinical and physiologic assessment, and up to 2-yr follow-up for survival. Measurements and Main Results: During 8,988 hrs or a mean +/- SD of 95 +/- 85 hrs/patient of continuous 12-lead electrocardiographic monitoring, 21 patients (21%) had ischemic ST-segment changes, characterized in most (19) by ST depression and lasting > 60 mins in 15 (71.4%). Of the 38 patients (38%) with troponin elevation, myocardial infarction was clinically suspected in four and myocardial ischemia on continuous 12-lead electrocardiographic monitoring was observed in 14 (36.8%). Fourteen (66.7%) of the patients with ischemic ST changes and 12 (75%) of those with prolonged (> 60 mins) ischemia had troponin elevation. The sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values of prolonged (> 60 mins) ischemia predicting troponin elevation were 31.6%, 95.2%, 80.0%, and 69.8%, respectively. Prolonged (> 60 mins) ischemia was significantly associated with troponin elevation by both univariate and multivariate analyses (odds ratio = 9.0; p = .008). Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation II score, renal failure, and the use of norepinephrine also independently predicted troponin elevation. Troponin but not ischemia predicted increased 1-month, 6-month, and 2-yr mortality (odds ratio = 6.0, 3.2, and 2.99, respectively; p < .001). Conclusions: Silent ischemia is strongly associated with troponin elevation in high-cardiac-risk intensive care unit patients, and troponin elevation predicts both early and late mortality.
Electrocardiographic exercise stress testing for cardiac risk assessment in patients undergoing noncardiac surgery; Background: The value of exercise electrocardiography in the prediction of perioperative cardiac risk has yet to be defined. This study was performed to determine the predictive value of exercise electrocardiography as compared with clinical parameters and resting electrocardiography. Methods: A total of 204 patients at intermediate risk for cardiac complications prospectively underwent exercise electrocardiography before noncardiac surgery. Of these, 185 were included in the final evaluation. All patients underwent follow-up evaluation postoperatively by Holter monitoring for 2 days, daily 12-lead electrocardiogram, and creatine kinase, creatine kinase MB, and troponin-T measurements for 5 days, Cardiac events were defined as cardiac death, myocardial infarction, minor myocardial cell injury, unstable angina pectoris, congestive heart failure, and ventricular tachyarrhythmia. Potential risk factors for an adverse event were identified by univariate and multivariate logistic regression analysis. Results: Perioperative cardiac events were observed in 16 patients. There were 6 cases of myocardial infarction and 10 cases of myocardial cell injury. The multivariate correlates of adverse cardiac events were definite coronary artery disease (odds ratio, 8.8; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.1-73.1; P = 0.04), major surgery (odds ratio, 4.7; 95% CI, 1.3-16.3; P = 0.02), reduced left ventricular performance (odds ratio, 2.0; 95% CI, 1.1-3.8; P = 0.03), and ST-segment depression of 0.1 mV or more in the exercise electrocardiogram (odds ratio, 5.2; 95% CI, 1.5-18.5; P = 0.01). A combination of clinical variables and exercise electrocardiography improved preoperative risk stratification. Conclusions: This prospective study shows that a ST-segment depression of 0.1 mV or more in the exercise electrocardiogram is an independent predictor of perioperative cardiac complications.
Risk of vascular disease in patients with multiple sclerosis: a review; Objective: Vascular dysfunction and shared risk factors may lead to an increased risk of arterial and venous vascular disease in patients with multiple sclerosis (MS). The aim of this review was to describe studies examining the risk of vascular diseases in MS patients. Methods: A PubMed search combined with review of reference lists and table of contents revealed eight relevant studies describing the occurrence or risk of one or more vascular diseases. Results: One cohort study and three cross-sectional studies described stroke occurrence in 898 to 13 963 MS patients. MS was associated with an increased risk of stroke and cerebrovascular diseases compared with the general population and other hospitalized patients, particularly within the first years after MS diagnosis and in young and middle-aged MS patients. In contrast, data are conflicting with regard to the association between MS and coronary artery disease including myocardial infarction. Cross-sectional studies found a lower prevalence of coronary artery disease in MS patients, while the only cohort study found an increased risk within the first year after MS diagnosis only. MS was, however, associated with an increased risk of venous thromboembolism, including deep venous thromboembolism and pulmonary embolism, in particular within the first years after MS diagnosis. Discussion: MS is associated with an increased risk of vascular diseases within the first years after a first-time MS diagnosis compared with the general population. The risk declines thereafter, but remains elevated for stroke and venous thromboembolism. Shared risk factors, linked pathogenesis, and bias may contribute to the association.
Fibrinogen and cardiovascular disease: Genetics and biomarkers; Several prospective epidemiological studies and clinical observations provided evidence regarding fibrinogen and coronary artery disease (CAD). Many of these studies firmly correlate fibrinogen with CAD. However, it is uncertain whether this relation is causal or reflects genetic variability and residual confounding by other risk factors. Several polymorphisms on fibrinogen chain genes affect its levels, however only few of the genetic variants are associated with increased cardiovascular risk. As regards the role of fibrinogen in myocardial infarction (MI) studies indicate that genetic variations have at best a modest impact on the process resulting in MI. Therefore, the screening of fibrinogen genes might not be useful for the assessment of the risk of MI. However, the findings that specific genotypes lead to specific differences in fibrinogen levels, but may not be linked to cardiovascular risk, complicates the hypothesis of causality of fibrinogen in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Exercise electrocardiogram and single vessel coronary artery disease; The aim of this study was to assess the efficiency of exercise tests in identifying ischaemia in the territories supplied by the three main coronary arteries. We prospectively analysed 578 patients with single vessel coronary disease (>50% stenosis in one vessel and completely normal other vessels). Patients with single vessel coronary artery disease were divided into three groups: patients with significant left anterior coronary artery disease (group 1, n=234); patients with significant right coronary artery disease (group 2, n=201); patients with significant left circumflex disease (group 3, n=143). Our study, which is the largest prospective study of patients with angiographically documented single vessel coronary artery disease, suggests that the exercise electrocardiogram is a poor predictor of circumflex coronary artery ischaemia. In addition, the site of ST depression identified from the electrocardiogram was a poor predictor of the site of myocardial ischaemia. No single lead could distinguish between the three groups and the location of coronary stenosis could not be predicted by location of ST depression.
The Relationship Between Serum Levels of Zn and Cu and Severity of Coronary Atherosclerosis; The essential trace elements play important roles in the maintainance of the normal structure and physiology of cells. Several research groups have demonstrated that they also play important roles in states of cardiovascular diseases. Our aim is to investigate whether there is a relationship between trace elements (Zn and Cu) and the degree of atherosclerosis. The sample consisted of 67 patients with coronary artery disease and 26 clinically healthy individuals. Ninety-three subjects were separated into four groups according to their Gensini scores, the number of diseased vessels, the presence of acute coronary syndrome, and ejection fraction. Each group was divided into three subgroups, and serum zinc and copper levels were measured for each individual. The serum levels of zinc and copper were found to be significantly lower in patients with atherosclerosis than in the control group, but there were no significant differences in the serum levels of Cu and Zn between severe atherosclerosis and mild atherosclerosis. In Spearman's rank correlation, the zinc and copper levels were correlated with the Gensini score and the number of diseased vessels. The present study revealed a relationship between the serum levels of zinc and copper and atherosclerosis, but not between these levels and the severity of the disease.
Heavy Metals and Cardiovascular Disease: Results from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 1999-2006; We assessed the role of lead and cadmium as partial mediators between smoking and composite cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease (CCVD). We also studied the association between urinary heavy metals and CCVD. Pooled data from NHANES 1999-2006 were examined. Cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease was determined using a standardized questionnaire asking about history of stroke, angina, heart attack, coronary artery disease, and congestive heart failure. Increasing serum cadmium levels were associated with increasing prevalence of CCVD (P-trend: .03). Adjusted odds-ratio (OR) for active smokers versus never smokers was 2.09 (1.67-2.63). Adjustment for lead did not affect the OR but adjustment for cadmium significantly attenuated the OR (1.54 [1.17-2.03]). Significant association was observed between CCVD and urinary antimony, cadmium, cobalt, and tungsten. High levels of serum cadmium (>0.61 mu g/L) were associated with CCVD. The relationship between smoking and CCVD was partially mediated through cadmium. Urinary antimony, cadmium, cobalt, and tungsten may be associated with CCVD.
Alcohol, cardiovascular diseases and diabetes mellitus; Disparities in associations of alcohol consumption to various cardiovascular conditions lead to separate consideration of several. These include (1) Alcoholic cardiomyopathy from chronic heavy drinking in susceptible persons. (2) Higher blood pressure (hypertension) in some heavier drinkers. (3) A relation of drinking to higher risk of hemorrhagic stroke but to lower risk of ischemic stroke. (4) Certain arrhythmias, especially among binge drinkers. (5) An inverse relation of alcohol use to coronary artery disease. A causal hypothesis of protection is strengthened by plausible mechanisms. The coronary disease data impact upon total mortality statistics, such that lighter drinkers are at slightly lower risk than abstainers of death within a given time period. (6) An inverse relation of drinking to type 2 (adult onset) diabetes mellitus in several recent studies. Because of close relations to cardiovascular disorders, diabetes is considered virtual cardiovascular "equivalent". (7) Composites of (1-6) result in a complex association between alcohol and the common heart failure syndrome. International comparisons suggest wine is more protective against coronary disease than liquor or beer. Reports of antioxidants, endothelial relaxants, and antithrombotic activity in wine (especially red) support hypothetical benefit from non-alcohol wine components. However, prospective population studies show apparent protection from beer, wine, or liquor. Thus, some suggest that favorable traits or drinking patterns of wine drinkers might explain the international comparison findings. Amount of alcohol taken is a crucial consideration in alcohol-health relations. Advice to concerned persons needs to take into account individual risk/benefit factors in drinkers or potential drinkers. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Genome-Wide Association Study for Circulating Tissue Plasminogen Activator Levels and Functional Follow-Up Implicates Endothelial STXBP5 and STX2; Objective Tissue plasminogen activator (tPA), a serine protease, catalyzes the conversion of plasminogen to plasmin, the major enzyme responsible for endogenous fibrinolysis. In some populations, elevated plasma levels of tPA have been associated with myocardial infarction and other cardiovascular diseases. We conducted a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies to identify novel correlates of circulating levels of tPA. Approach and Results Fourteen cohort studies with tPA measures (N=26 929) contributed to the meta-analysis. Three loci were significantly associated with circulating tPA levels (P<5.0x10(-8)). The first locus is on 6q24.3, with the lead single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP; rs9399599; P=2.9x10(-14)) within STXBP5. The second locus is on 8p11.21. The lead SNP (rs3136739; P=1.3x10(-9)) is intronic to POLB and <200 kb away from the tPA encoding the gene PLAT. We identified a nonsynonymous SNP (rs2020921) in modest linkage disequilibrium with rs3136739 (r(2)=0.50) within exon 5 of PLAT (P=2.0x10(-8)). The third locus is on 12q24.33, with the lead SNP (rs7301826; P=1.0x10(-9)) within intron 7 of STX2. We further found evidence for the association of lead SNPs in STXBP5 and STX2 with expression levels of the respective transcripts. In in vitro cell studies, silencing STXBP5 decreased the release of tPA from vascular endothelial cells, whereas silencing STX2 increased the tPA release. Through an in silico lookup, we found no associations of the 3 lead SNPs with coronary artery disease or stroke. Conclusions We identified 3 loci associated with circulating tPA levels, the PLAT region, STXBP5, and STX2. Our functional studies implicate a novel role for STXBP5 and STX2 in regulating tPA release.
Among Unstable Angina and Non-ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction Patients, Transient Myocardial Ischemia and Early Invasive Treatment Are Predictors of Major In-hospital Complications; Background: Treatment for unstable angina (UA) or non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) is aimed at plaque stabilization to prevent infarction. Two treatment strategies are (1) invasive (ie, cardiac catheterization laboratory <24 hours after admission) or (2) selectively invasive (ie, medications with cardiac catheterization laboratory >24 hours for recurrent symptoms). However, it is not known if the frequency of transient myocardial ischemia (TMI) or complications during hospitalization varies by treatment. Purpose: We aimed to (1) examine occurrence of TMI in UA/NSTEMI, (2) compare frequency of TMI by treatment pathway, and (3) determine predictors of in-hospital complications (ie, death, myocardial infarction [MI], pulmonary edema, shock, dysrhythmia with intervention). Methods: Hospitalized patients with coronary artery disease (ie, history of MI, percutaneous coronary intervention/stent, coronary artery bypass graft, >50% lesion via angiogram, or positive troponin) were recruited, and 12-lead electrocardiogram Holter initiated. Clinicians, blinded to Holter data, decided treatment strategy; offline analysis was done after discharge. Transient myocardial ischemia was defined as more than 1-mm ST segment up arrow or down arrow in more than 1 electrocardiographic lead, more than 1 minute. Results: Of 291 patients, 91% were white, 66% were male, 44% had prior MI, and 59% had prior percutaneous coronary intervention/stent or coronary artery bypass graft. Treatment pathway was early in 123 (42%) and selective in 168 (58%). Forty-nine (17%) had TMI: 19 (15%) early invasive, 30 (18%) selective (P =.637). Acute MI after admission was higher in patients with TMI regardless of treatment strategy (early: no TMI 4% vs yes TMI 21%; P =.020; selective: no TMI 1% vs yes TMI 13%; P =.0004). Predictors of major in-hospital complication were TMI (odds ratio, 9.9; 95% confidence interval, 3.84-25.78) and early invasive treatment (odds ratio 3.5; 95% confidence interval, 1.23Y10.20). Conclusions: In UA/NSTEMI patients treated with contemporary therapies, TMI is not uncommon. The presence of TMI and early invasive treatment are predictors of major in-hospital complications.
The association between urinary cadmium and frontal T wave axis deviation in the US adults; The association between environmental cadmium exposure and frontal T wave axis deviation, a valuable and easily detected subclinical marker of ventricular arrhythmias in individuals without heart disease is unexplored and unknown. The objective of the study was to test the hypothesis that cadmium exposure predicts frontal T-wave axis deviation. US adults 40 years of age or older from NHANES III were included in the analysis. The participants' creatinine-corrected urinary cadmium concentrations expressed as micrograms per gram were determined. Frontal T-wave axis deviations were measured from the standard 12-lead electrocardiogram. Multivariable regression analyses adjusting for age, race, smoking, metabolic syndrome, left ventricular mass, QRS duration and heart rate were performed. The odds ratio of borderline and abnormal frontal T wave axis deviations due to cadmium exposure and their corresponding 95% confidence intervals (Cis) were 1.25(1.10-1.54) and 1.64(1.27-2.12), respectively. This study documents a positive graded relationship between environmental cadmium exposure and the risk for frontal T-wave axis deviation. Screening individuals with large body burden of cadmium to identify frontal T-wave axis deviation is warranted. (C) 2011 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
Role of platelet glycoprotein polymorphisms in cardiovascular diseases; Atherothrombosis is the leading cause of death in western countries. Major complications of atherothrombotic disease, which are responsible for a large burden of morbidity and mortality, are acute coronary syndromes, ischemic stroke, and peripheral occlusive disease. Plaque rupture, platelet adhesion, aggregation, and thrombosis may lead to unstable angina and may progress to myocardial infarction as well as to ischemic stroke. Platelet membrane glycoprotein receptors mediate crucial reactions in acute thrombosis and chronic processes of atherogenesis. The platelet glycoprotein GP IIb/IIIa, which is the most abundant platelet receptor, also represents the drug target of a novel class of anti-platelet drugs, which includes abciximab, tirofiban, and eptifibatide. The genes encoding the three major platelet glycoprotein receptors (GP Ib/IX/V, GP Ia/IIa, and GP IIb/IIIa) are subject to considerable genetic variability. This paper reviews how polymorphisms in the platelet glycoprotein receptors affect platelet function, susceptibility to atherothrombosis and its major complications including myocardial infarction, stroke, and complications following percutaneous coronary interventions, and individual variability of drug response. Recent data on platelet glycoprotein receptor polymorphisms as modifiers of drug action and as predictors of drug response offer the perspective of individualized drug treatment. Prospective studies will show whether this approach is useful or not. As the data reviewed here show clearly, future clinical trials should routinely take into account genetic susceptibility factors and modifiers, both for study design and for predefined patient stratification.
Identification of the BCAR1-CFDP1-TMEM170A Locus as a Determinant of Carotid Intima-Media Thickness and Coronary Artery Disease Risk; Background-Carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) is a widely accepted marker of subclinical atherosclerosis. To date, large-scale investigations of genetic determinants of cIMT are sparse. Methods and Results-To identify cIMT-associated genes and genetic variants, a discovery analysis using the Illumina 200K CardioMetabochip was conducted in 3430 subjects with detailed ultrasonographic determinations of cIMT from the IMPROVE (Carotid Intima Media Thickness [IMT] and IMT-Progression as Predictors of Vascular Events in a High Risk European Population) study. Segment-specific IMT measurements of common carotid, bifurcation, and internal carotid arteries, and composite IMT variables considering the whole carotid tree (IMTmean, IMTmax, and IMTmean-max), were analyzed. A replication stage investigating 42 single-nucleotide polymorphisms for association with common carotid IMT was undertaken in 5 independent European cohorts (total n=11 590). A locus on chromosome 16 (lead single-nucleotide polymorphism rs4888378, intronic in CFDP1) was associated with cIMT at significance levels passing multiple testing correction at both stages (array-wide significant discovery P=6.75x10(-7) for IMTmax; replication P=7.24x10(-6) for common cIMT; adjustments for sex, age, and population substructure where applicable; minor allele frequency 0.43 and 0.41, respectively). The protective minor allele was associated with lower carotid plaque score in a replication cohort (P=0.04, n=2120) and lower coronary artery disease risk in 2 case-control studies of subjects with European ancestry (odds ratio [95% confidence interval] 0.83 [0.77-0.90], P=6.53x10(-6), n=13 591; and 0.95 [0.92-0.98], P=1.83x10(-4), n= 82 297, respectively). Queries of human biobank data sets revealed associations of rs4888378 with nearby gene expression in vascular tissues (n=126-138). Conclusions-This study identified rs4888378 in the BCAR1-CFDP1-TMEM170A locus as a novel genetic determinant of cIMT and coronary artery disease risk in individuals of European descent. (Circ Cardiovasc Genet. 2012;5:656-665.)
ACCURACY OF 22-LEAD ECG ANALYSIS FOR DIAGNOSIS OF ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION AND CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE IN THE EMERGENCY DEPARTMENT - A COMPARISON WITH 12-LEAD ECG; Study objectives:  To compare a new 22-lead ECG with the 12-lead ECG for diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Design:  Prospective study of all consenting patients presenting to the emergency department with chest pain. Setting:  Urban hospital ED. Type of participants:  163 patients admitted with a cardiac-related diagnosis and complete data sets of 22- and 12-lead ECG results and creatine kinase-MB analysis. Interventions:  Patient care and existing protocols were unaltered, with the exception of including the new 22-lead ECG. Measurements and main results:  Forty-one of 163 patients had an AMI as defined by creatine kinase-MB analysis. The 22-lead ECG provided a statistically significant improvement in sensitivity (83%) for AMI diagnosis over the 12-lead ECG (51 %) with specificities of 76% and 99%, respectively. Conclusion:  When combined with clinical judgment, the 22-lead ECG could provide a 97.6% sensitivity for AMI diagnosis while reducing unnecessary admissions for "rule-out MI" by 69%.
POSTOPERATIVE MYOCARDIAL-ISCHEMIA - ETIOLOGY OF CARDIAC MORBIDITY OR MANIFESTATION OF UNDERLYING DISEASE; Study Objective: To determine the relationship between postoperative ST segment changes and clinically apparent cardiac morbidity in noncardiac surgery patients. Design: Prospective, cohort study. Setting: General inpatient and intensive care units at a tertiary care hospital. Patients: 145 high-risk noncardiac surgery patients. Measurements and Main Results: Patients were monitored for ST segment changes using ambulatory electrocardiographic (ECG) recorders from the end of the surgical period for up to the third postoperative day. Patients were evaluated for a clinically apparent cardiac event (cardiac death or myocardial infarction) by daily 12-lead ECGs, and CK-MB isoenzymes, as clinically indicated. Nine patients sustained a clinically apparent cardiac event, 7 of whom had a cardiac event during the period in which they were monitored by ambulatory ECG. All 7 patients who sustained a cardiac event during the monitoring period had at least one episode of myocardial ischemia, which persisted for a minimum of 30 minutes either prior to or at the same time of the event, with no morbidity occurring in the group of patients who had only short durations of myocardial ischemia. Three of the patients with events had continuous ST segment changes, while the other patients had transient ST segment changes. Conclusions: These observations suggest that clinically apparent cardiac events are associated with prolonged ST segment changes detected on ambulatory ECG recorders. The cardiac ischemia leading to prolonged postoperative ST segment changes may itself result in cardiac morbidity, or it may be a reflection of underlying pathophysiology.
Association Between Arsenic Exposure From Drinking Water and Plasma Levels of Cardiovascular Markers; The authors conducted a cross-sectional study to assess the relation between arsenic exposure from drinking water and plasma levels of markers of systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction (matrix metalloproteinase-9, myeloperoxidase, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, soluble E-selectin, soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), and soluble vascular adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1)) using baseline data from 668 participants (age, > 30 years) in the Health Effects of Arsenic Longitudinal Study in Bangladesh (2007-2008). Both well water arsenic and urinary arsenic were positively associated with plasma levels of soluble VCAM-1. For every 1-unit increase in log-transformed well water arsenic (ln mu g/L) and urinary arsenic (ln mu g/g creatinine), plasma soluble VCAM-1 was 1.02 (95% confidence interval: 1.01, 1.03) and 1.04 (95% confidence interval: 1.01, 1.07) times greater, respectively. There was a significant interaction between arsenic exposure and higher body mass index, such that the increased levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and soluble VCAM-1 associated with arsenic exposure were stronger among people with higher body mass index. The findings indicate an effect of chronic arsenic exposure from drinking water on vascular inflammation and endothelial dysfunction that could be modified by body mass index and also suggest a potential mechanism underlying the association between arsenic exposure and cardiovascular disease.
Genetic Variation at the <i>ADAMTS7</i> Locus is Associated With Reduced Severity of Coronary Artery Disease; Background-Genome-wide association studies identified ADAMTS7 as a risk locus for coronary artery disease (CAD). Functional studies suggest that ADAMTS7 may promote cellular processes in atherosclerosis. We sought to examine the association between genetic variation at ADAMTS7 and measures of atherosclerosis using histological, angiographic, and clinical outcomes data. Methods and Results-The lead CAD-associated single-nucleotide polymorphism rs3825807 at the ADAMTS7 locus was genotyped. The G allele (reduced ADAMTS7 function) was associated with a smaller fibrous cap (P=0.017) and a smaller percentage area of a-actin (smooth muscle cell marker) in the intima (P=0.017), but was not associated with calcification or plaque thickness, following ex vivo immunohistochemistry analysis of human coronary plaques (n=50; mean age 72.2 +/- 11.3). In two independent cohorts (Southampton Atherosclerosis Study [n=1359; mean age 62.5 +/- 10.3; 70.1% men] and the Emory Cardiovascular Biobank [EmCAB; n=2684; mean age 63.8 +/- 11.3; 68.7% men]), the G allele was associated with 16% to 19% lower odds of obstructive CAD (Southampton Atherosclerosis Study: odds ratio, 0.81; 95% confidence interval, 0.67-0.98; EmCAB: odds ratio, 0.84; 95% confidence interval, 0.75-0.95) with similar effects for multivessel, left anterior descending, and proximal CAD. Furthermore, each copy of the G allele was associated with lower angiographic severity Gensini score (Southampton Atherosclerosis Study, P=0.026; EmCAB, P<0.001), lower Sullivan Extent score (Southampton Atherosclerosis Study, P=0.029; EmCAB, P<0.001), and a 23% lower risk of incident revascularization procedures (EmCAB: hazard ratio, 0.76; 95% confidence interval, 0.59-0.98). There were no associations with all-cause mortality or incident myocardial infarction. Conclusions-Genetic variation at the ADAMTS7 locus is associated with several complementary CAD phenotypes, supporting the emerging role of ADAMTS7 in atherosclerosis and may represent a potential drug target.
Myocardial ischemia: a silent epidemic in Type 2 diabetes patients; The prevalence of diabetes mellitus is increasing consistantly. Coronary artery disease (CAD) is the main cause of death; however, silent myocardial ischemia (SMI) is more frequent in diabetic patients. Early CAD diagnosis provided by SMI screening could lead to decreased cardiovascular complications and mortality. Current guidelines recommend screening for SMI in asymptomatic diabetic patients selected on a basis of high cardiovascular risk, followed by coronary angiogram in case of a positive stress test. However, the benefit of systematic SMI screening has not been demonstrated in diabetic patients with optimal treatment of risk factors. The benefit of revascularization in diabetic patients with SMI seems to be restricted to patients with severe CAD. Prospective studies are required to identify diabetic patients who may potentially benefit from SMI screening. These patients should have a high prevalence of severe CAD and potential benefit of revascularization, such as patients with renal failure, left ventricular dysfunction and peripheral or carotid occlusive arterial disease.
Ischemic Heart Disease Mortality and Morbidity Rates in Former Drinkers: A Meta-Analysis; Current abstainers from alcohol have been identified as an inadequate reference group in epidemiologic studies of the effects of alcohol, because inclusion of former drinkers might lead to overestimation of the protective effects and underestimation of the detrimental effects of drinking alcohol. The authors' objective in the current study was to quantify this association for ischemic heart disease (IHD). Electronic databases were systematically searched for relevant case-control or cohort studies published from 1980 to 2010. Thirty-eight articles fulfilled the inclusion criteria, contributing a total of 5,613 IHD events and 12,097 controls among case-control studies and 1,387 events with combined endpoints and 7,183 events stratified by endpoint among 232,621 persons at risk among cohort studies. Pooled estimates for the subset stratified by sex and endpoint showed a significantly increased risk among former drinkers compared with long-term abstainers for IHD mortality ( among men; relative risk = 1.25, 95% confidence interval: 1.15, 1.36; among women relative risk = 1.54, 95% confidence interval: 1.17, 2.03). For IHD morbidity, the estimates for both sexes were close to unity and not statistically significant. Results were robust in several sensitivity analyses. In future studies, researchers should separate former drinkers from the reference category to obtain unbiased effect estimates. Implications for the overall beneficial and detrimental effects of alcohol consumption on IHD are discussed below.
Systematic review of zinc biochemical indicators and risk of coronary heart disease; BACKGROUND: Poor zinc nutritional status is suspected as a risk factor for coronary heart disease (CHD). Since zinc absorption may be influenced by some nutritional and physiologic factors, it would be better to investigate zinc status through biochemical measurements. The objective of the present study was to review recent studies investigating the association of zinc biomarkers with CHD, systematically. METHODS: The MEDLINE database was used for relevant studies published from January 2009 to December 2013 with appropriate keywords. Articles were included in this study if they were human studies, original articles, and published in English. RESULTS: Six case-control studies and two prospective cohort studies that measured zinc biomarkers were included in the study. Almost all case-control studies suggest that decreased plasma zinc was associated with increased CHD risk. Cohort studies did not support this relationship. CONCLUSION: The majority of the evidence for this theory is extracted from case-control studies, which might have bias. Prospective studies and randomized clinical trials are needed to investigate whether poor zinc status is associated with increased CHD risk. Consequently, a protective role of zinc in CHD could not be still established.
Electrophysiological Effects of Selective Atrial Coronary Artery Occlusion in Humans; Background-The arrhythmogenesis of ventricular myocardial ischemia has been extensively studied, but models of atrial ischemia in humans are lacking. This study aimed at describing the electrophysiological alterations induced by acute atrial ischemia secondary to atrial coronary branch occlusion during elective coronary angioplasty. Methods and Results-Clinical data, 12-lead ECG, 12-hour Holter recordings, coronary angiography, and serial plasma levels of high-sensitivity troponin T and midregional proatrial natriuretic peptide were prospectively analyzed in 109 patients undergoing elective angioplasty of right or circumflex coronary arteries. Atrial coronary branches were identified and after the procedure patients were allocated into two groups: atrial branch occlusion (ABO, n= 17) and atrial branch patency (non-ABO, n= 92). In comparison with the non-ABO, patients with ABO showed: (1) higher incidence of periprocedural myocardial infarction (20% versus 53%, P= 0.01); (2) more frequent intra-atrial conduction delay (19% versus 46%, P= 0.03); (3) more marked PR segment deviation in the Holter recordings; and (4) higher incidence of atrial tachycardia (15% versus 41%, P= 0.02) and atrial fibrillation (0% versus 12%, P= 0.03). After adjustment by a propensity score, ABO was an independent predictor of periprocedural infarction (odds ratio, 3.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.01-11.6, P< 0.05) and atrial arrhythmias (odds ratio, 5.1; 95% confidence interval, 1.2-20.5, P= 0.02). Conclusions-Selective atrial coronary artery occlusion during elective percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty is associated with myocardial ischemic damage, atrial arrhythmias, and intra-atrial conduction delay. Our data suggest that atrial ischemic episodes might be considered as a potential cause of atrial fibrillation in patients with chronic coronary artery disease.
Electrocardiographic Left Ventricular Hypertrophy as a Predictor for Nonsignificant Coronary Artery Disease in Patients With Non-ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction; Left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) can lead to subendocardial ischemia by altering the coronary blood flow and its transmural myocardial distribution in the setting of increased oxygen demand. We hypothesized that electrocardiographic LVH predicts nonsignificant coronary artery disease (CAD) in patients with non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI). We performed a retrospective analysis of 406 consecutive patients with NSTEMI who underwent coronary angiography. The LVH was diagnosed using Sokolow-Lyon and Cornell voltage criteria. Nonsignificant CAD was defined as stenosis less than 50% in the left main and 70% in any other coronary arteries. Of the 406 patients, 100 (25%) patients had electrocardiographic LVH and 99 (24%) patients had nonsignificant CAD. Patients with electrocardiographic LVH had a higher prevalence of nonsignificant CAD (32% vs 22%, P = .04) and a lower rate of in-hospital revascularization (45% vs 69%, P < .001) than those without LVH. On multivariate analysis, electrocardiographic LVH was an independent predictor of nonsignificant CAD (odds ratio 1.94; 95% confidence interval 1.12-3.35; P = .02). In conclusion, electrocardiographic LVH is an independent predictor of nonsignificant CAD and associated with a lower rate of in-hospital revascularization in patients with NSTEMI.
Elevated baseline hs-cTnT levels predict exercise-induced myocardial ischemia in patients with peripheral arterial disease; Introduction: Due to the systemic nature of atherosclerosis, the prevalence of coronary artery disease (CAD) is high in patients with peripheral arterial disease (PAD). A biochemical assay for assessing cardiac risk might improve clinical evaluation of PAD patients. The aim of this study was to investigate whether a new high-sensitivity cardiac Troponin T (hs-cTnT) assay can predict exercise-induced myocardial ischemia in PAD patients without clinical signs of CAD. Methods: Sixty-eight ambulatory patients with Fontaine stage II PAD underwent treadmill stress testing to maximum walking distance. Myocardial ischemia was assessed using a 2-lead Holter ECG and ST-segment depression of >= 0.2 mV was considered significant. Hs-cTnT was measured from serum samples taken at baseline as well as 5, 10 and 30 min after exercise. Results: Hs-cTnT baseline levels were significantly higher (193 ng/L (5.0; 20.2 ng/L) vs. 6.6 ng/L (4.4; 9.4 ng/L); p = 0.037) and increase of serum levels 5 min after cessation of exercise was more pronounced (1.09 ng/L (0.23; 1.80 ng/L) vs. 0.22 ng/L (-0.1; 0.65 ng/L), p = 0.032) in ECG positive patients compared to individuals with normal ECG. Logistic regression analysis identified the baseline hs-cTnT serum level as an independent risk factor for developing significant exercise-induced ST-segment depression (odds ratio 1.2 per 1-unit increase, p = 0.015). Conclusions: In patients with PAD, exercise-induced myocardial ischemia is associated with elevated baseline levels and a significant early increase of hs-cTnT serum levels. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Economic impact of hyperhomocysteinemia in Switzerland; Since more than 20 years elevated homocysteine plasma levels have been associated with an elevated cardiovascular risk. It can be assumed that approx. 5-7% of the Swiss population suffers from hyperhomocysteinemia. These people have an odds ratio of 1.7 (95% confidence interval: 1.5-1.9) to develop a myocardial infarction and an odds ratio of 2.5 (95% confidence interval 2-3) of developing a stroke. These significant cardiovascular endpoints have monetary implications and lead to a loss in life years. The cost consequences and total life years lost were determined with an incidence-based epidemiological model utilizing a Swiss third party payer perspective. We could demonstrate that hyperhomocysteinemia-related sequelae (myocardial infarction and stroke) amount to 41.1-110.2 million CHF. In addition it can be estimated that 6'941-18'478 life years may be lost. Comparing these data with the total costs for cardiovascular disease in Switzerland of CHF 987 million, we estimate the share of the economic burden of hyperhomocysteinemia at approximately 10%. Preventive measures could thus yield a positive impact on total health care expenditure in the Swiss healthcare system and warrants further research.
Independent prognostic value of cardiac troponin T in patients with confirmed pulmonary embolism; Background-Cardiac troponin T (cTnT) is a sensitive and specific marker, allowing the detection of even minor myocardial cell injury. in patients with severe pulmonary embolism (PE), myocardial ischemia may lead to progressive right ventricular dysfunction. It was therefore the purpose of this study to test the presence of cTnT and its prognostic implications in patients with confirmed PE. Methods and Results-Fifty-six patients with confirmed PE were enrolled in this prospective study. PE was confirmed by pulmonary angiography, lung scan, or echocardiography and subsidiary analyses. Severity of PE was assessed by a clinical scoring system, and cTnT was measured within 12 hours after admission, cTnT was elevated (greater than or equal to 0.1 mu g/L) in 18 (32%) patients with massive and moderate PE but not in patients with small PE. In-hospital death (odds ratio 29.6, 95% CI 3.3 to 265.3), prolonged hypotension and cardiogenic shock (odds ratio 11.4, 95% CI 2.1 to 63.4), and need for resuscitation (odds ratio 18.0, 95% CI 2.6 to 124.3) were more prevalent in patients with elevated cTnT, cTnT-positive patients more often needed inotropic support (odds ratio 37.6, 95% CI 5.8 to 245.6) and mechanical ventilation (odds ratio 78.8, 95% CI 9.5 to 653.2). After adjustment, cTnT remained an independent predictor of 30-day mortality (odds ratio 15.2, 95% CI 1.22 to 190.4). Conclusions-cTnT may improve risk stratification in patients with PE and may aid in the identification of patients in whom a more aggressive therapy may be warranted.
THE ROLE OF A DEFINED PROTOCOL FOR CARDIAC RISK ASSESSMENT IN DECREASING PERIOPERATIVE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION IN VASCULAR-SURGERY; Major elective peripheral vascular surgery has historically carried a significant risk of perioperative myocardial infarction; this risk has been quantified further by its association with proved reduction in cardiac reserve/presence of coronary artery disease by stress testing or invasive monitoring. Recognition of this risk logically should lead to protocols that delineate coronary artery disease/cardiac reserve before surgery and correct for observed abnormalities during surgery. This study sought to show that a coherent algorithm of preoperative cardiac assessment combined with aggressive perioperative management could indeed reduce perioperative myocardial infarction rates. Six hundred thirty consecutive elective vascular operations were performed by the author during 6 years. All patients were entered into a prospective protocol for preoperative cardiac risk assessment, which then determined the choice of operation, type of anesthesia, and level of hemodynamic monitoring. Sixty-eight percent of the patients demonstrated clinical coronary artery disease, 15% had previously undergone coronary catheterization or surgery, and 9% had ejection fractions < 35%. All patients underwent baseline detailed cardiac histories, radionuclide cardioangiography, and electrocardiograms. Patients with significant historic coronary artery disease or ejection fraction < 50% underwent stress thallium testing; patients with positive fixed or redistribution defects then underwent catheterization, constituting 7% of the series. Risk stratification by age and cardiac assessment then dictated the perioperative care. The overall perioperative myocardial infarction rate was 0.7% (5/628), ranging from 0% for 156 aortic operations and 114 carotid endarterectomies to 0.6% for 159 femoropopliteal and 3.3% for 90 femorotibial revascularizations. All perioperative myocardial infarctions occurred with limb salvage infrapopliteal reconstruction in patients > 75 years of age or with ejection fraction < 35%. Comparison with perioperative myocardial infarction rates from the recent literature suggests that our protocol is highly useful in reducing perioperative myocardial infarction rates for aortic and other inflow operations, of only moderate utility for screening outflow operations, and of little use for carotid endarterectomy.
Perioperative myocardial ischemia in coronary artery disease patients undergoing abdominal nonvascular surgery; BACKGROUND: The incidence of perioperative myocardial ischemia (PMI) is the highest in patients who have coronary artery disease, and it is the best predictor of intrahospital morbidity and mortality. OBJECTIVE: To identify predictors of PMI in patients who have coronary artery disease and are undergoing abdominal nonvascular surgery. METHODS: A prospective, observational, clinical study of 111 consecutive patients with angiographically verified coronary artery disease, scheduled for open abdominal nonvascular surgery, was conducted. Patients received general anesthesia and were monitored by continuous electrocardiogram during surgery and immediately postsurgery (72 h period) in the intensive care unit at the University Clinical Center (Belgrade, Serbia). All of the patients had 12-lead electrocardiography immediately after the surgery, on postoperative days 1, 2 and 7, and one day before discharge from hospital. The patients were monitored until the 30th postoperative day. RESULTS: A total of 24 predictors for PMI were analyzed. The Pearson's chi(2) test and a binomial logistic regression model were used for statistical analysis. A significant difference in the incidence of PMI was found in the coronary artery disease patients with an associated risk factor (14 of 24 risk factors) compared with those without the risk factor. In particular, a highly significant difference in the incidence of PMI was found in coronary artery disease patients with angina pectoris, compared with those without angina pectoris. CONCLUSION: Using the multivariate logistic regression analysis, angina pectoris was an independent predictor of PMI.
ICD therapy in coronary artery disease -: A reappraisal in 2005; 25 years after the first coronary artery patient received an implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD), many randomized controlled trials on prophylactic ICD therapy have been conducted. Taken together, these trials allow an evidence-based approach to primary prevention of sudden cardiac death in patients after a myocardial infarction. Patients with chronic ischemic cardiomyopathy, a long history of heart failure, and an ejection fraction of <= 0.30 benefit from preventive device therapy and are thus candidates for prophylactic defibrillator implantation. For this purpose, a single-chamber device appears to be appropriate, since there have been no prospective studies showing convincing clinical benefit by adding an atrial lead. For similar patients who have additional intraventricular conduction delays, a biventricular ICD must be considered. However, this decision must be based on individual considerations until more data from prospective trials become available. Prophylactic ICD therapy should not be used in patients with recent myocardial infarction. There is convincing evidence that ICD benefit in coronary patients accrues after a considerable time having elapsed from the most recent infarct, presumably at least 6 months or perhaps longer.
Association of lead exposure with cardiovascular risk factors and diseases in Chinese adults; We aimed to determine whether lead exposure was associated with cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and risk factors in Chinese adults. Five thousand three hundred and forty-eight subjects were enrolled from 16 sites in China. Blood lead level (BLL) was measured by atomic absorption spectrometry. Cardiovascular diseases included coronary heart disease, stroke, and myocardial infarction. Cardiovascular risk factors included body mass index (BMI), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), lipid profile, and blood pressure. We found that 5.9% of the study population had prevalent CVD. Medians (interquartile range) of BLLs were 44.00 mu g/L (29.00-62.48) for men and 37.70 mu g/L (25.00-54.60) for women. The prevalence of CVD gradually and markedly increased with increasing BLL quartiles in women (P for trend < 0.01), but not in men. After adjustment for age, current smoking, and drinking, BLLs were independently associated with cardiovascular risk factors including BMI, FPG, and blood pressure inwomen (all P<0.05), but not in men. Binary logistic regression showed that increased quartiles of BLL were significantly and positively associated with increased odds ratio of prevalent CVD (P for trend <0.01) in women. This association was independent of age, smoking, drinking, education, diabetes, obesity, hypertension, and lipid profile. In conclusion, BLL in the range currently considered acceptable is independently associated with CVD, which is the leading cause of death in China. Further practical and cost-effective efforts to reduce lead exposure may be warranted.
Daily sedative interruption in mechanically ventilated patients at risk for coronary artery disease; Objectives: To determine the prevalence of myocardial ischemia in mechanically ventilated patients with coronary risk factors and compare periods of sedative interruption vs. sedative infusion. Design: Prospective, blinded observational study. Setting. Medical intensive care unit of tertiary care medical center. Patients: Intubated, mechanically ventilated patients with established coronary artery disease risk factors. Interventions: Continuous three-lead Holter monitors with ST-segment analysis by a blinded cardiologist were used to detect myocardial ischemia. Ischemia was defined as ST-segment elevation or depression of >0.1 mV from baseline. Measurements and Main Results: Comparisons between periods of awakening from sedation vs. sedative infusion were made. Vital signs, catecholamine levels, and time with ischemia detected by Holter monitor during the two periods were compared. Heart rate, mean arterial pressure, rate-pressure product, respiratory rate, and catecholamine levels were all significantly higher during sedative interruption. Eighteen of 74 patients (24%) demonstrated ischemic changes. Patients with myocardial ischemia had a longer intensive care unit length of stay (17.4 +/- 17.5 vs. 9.6 +/- 6.7 days, p =.04). Despite changes in vital signs and catecholamine levels during sedative interruption, fraction of ischemic time did not differ between the time awake vs. time sedated [median [interquartile range] of 0% [0, 0] compared with 0% [0, 0] while they were sedated [p =.17]). The finding of similar fractions of ischemic time between awake and sedated states persisted with analysis of the subgroup of 18 patients with ischemia. Conclusions: Myocardial ischemia is common in critically ill mechanically ventilated patients with coronary artery disease risk factors. Daily sedative interruption is not associated with an increased occurrence of myocardial ischemia in these patients.
Coronary artery atherosclerosis in patients with the initial and the early stage of chronic renal failure; The recent clinical data indicate that the initial and the early stages of chronic renal failure (CRF) may lead to increased incidence of cardiovascular complications and increased extent of coronary artery disease (CAD). This retrospective study was aimed to determine the effects of coexisting diabetes mellitus type 2 (DM-2) and the extent of atherosclerosis in coronary vessels in patients with mildly reduced kidney function (glomerular filtration rate GFR = 89-60 ml/min) and moderately reduced kidney function (GFR = 59-30 ml/min). The study patients included 53 subjects with creatinine concentration above 120 mu mol/l as a cut-off level for the initial stage and compensated CRF. The distributions of coronary artery stenosis were also analysed with respect to DM-2 coexistence and levels of haemoglobin glikolised (HbA1c). The odds ratio of pathological changes in coronary arteries in patients with GFR = 44-30 ml/min, with respect to the number of affected vessels - only one, more than one or more than two - were 7.22, 4.90 and 3.55, respectively. In CRF patients with GFR = 60-89 ml/min the odds ratio of one, more than one and more than two vessels with stenosis and CAD was 1.93, 1.70 and 1.53, respectively. DM-2 was not related to the risk of significant coronary artery stenosis and did not enhance the pre-existing changes in the study setting. Our results demonstrate that the initial and the early stages of CRF were significant risk factors for coronary stenoses and for enhancing the pre-existing changes.
IS THERE A CARDIOVASCULAR RISK IN INFLAMMATORY BOWEL DISEASES?; Inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD) are characterized by an increased thrombembolic risk, given the powerful relation between inflammation and thrombosis. Multiple studies showed that patients with IBD have an up to 3-fold higher risk for developing venous thrombembolic (VTE) complications compared to general population, this risk being more increased in the hospitalized IBD flares. Thus, latest consensus recommendations indicate prophylaxis for VTE in hospitalized patients with active IBD but with no clear indications for the management of IBD outpatients. Regarding atherothrombotic risk (myocardial infarction or stroke), up-to-date data are inconclusive. IBD is associated with subclinical atherosclerosis in patients without clinical manifestations of cardiovascular diseases (CVD). However, the results of major studies assessing the hypothesis that IBD is strongly associated with atherosclerotic macrovascular events prove to be divergent even if they show positive correlations with CVD especially on different subgroup analysis. These facts should lead in the future to more prospective studies with control groups that have the same cardiovascular risk profile as in IBD populations in order to admit definitively that patients with IBD are exposed to an increased cardiovascular risk.
Variance cardiography for emergency department evaluation of chest pain patients; Objective: To determine the test performance of 24-lead variance cardiography (VC), an ECG technique that measures QRS morphologic variability, for ED evaluation of chest pain associated with coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods: A prospective, single-blind study of VC was performed in a community teaching hospital ED. All chest pain patients (>30 years of age) who, after initial emergency physician evaluation, were believed to have pain of potential cardiac etiology and were admitted to the hospital were eligible. Exclusion criteria included obvious noncardiac etiology for discomfort, bundle-branch block, atrial fibrillation, and incomplete subsequent cardiac evaluation. After initial evaluation and stabilization, VC was obtained. The numerical output of VC was a CAD index (CADI). Serum myoglobin and creatine kinase (CK)-MB levels were obtained at the time of presentation and after one, two, and six hours. Hospital records were reviewed to determine final diagnosis and in-hospital evaluation results. Results: Fifty-two of 75 eligible patients had complete data. Final diagnoses were as follows: 27/52 (52%), noncardiac; 13/52 (25%), acute myocardial infarction (AMI); and 12/52 (23%), unstable angina due to CAD. Twenty-three percent (12/52) of the patients had CADIs <75. Eleven of these were found to have noncardiac origins for their chest pain. The twelfth patient had a 12-lead ECG revealing AMI and had been given thrombolytic therapy with subsequent reperfusion prior to VC. Using a CADI <75 as the cutoff for a negative study, VC alone had a negative predictive value of 92%, a sensitivity of 96%, a positive predictive value of 60%, and a specificity of 41%. Conclusion: A CADI <75, irt addition to clinical impression and initial ECG, may identify chest pain patients who do not have significant CAD. Further prospective assessment of VC is warranted.
Baseline natriuretic peptide levels in relation to myocardial ischemia, troponin T release and heart rate variability in patients undergoing major vascular surgery; Background This study was conducted to determine the association between baseline N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) and myocardial ischemia, troponin T release and heart rate variability (HRV) in patients undergoing major vascular surgery. Methods In a prospective study, 182 vascular surgery patients were evaluated by clinical risk factors, dobutamine stress echocardiography and baseline NT-proBNP levels. Myocardial ischemia was detected by continuous 12-lead electrocardiographic monitoring starting 1 day before to 2 days after surgery. Troponin T (> 0.03 ng/ml) was measured on day 1, 3 and 7 postoperatively and before discharge. HRV was measured at the day prior to surgery. Results The median NT-proBNP level was 184 ng/l (interquartile range: 79-483 ng/l). Myocardial ischemia was detected in 21% and troponin T release in 17% of patients. After adjustment for clinical risk factors and stress echocardiography results, higher NT-proBNP levels (per 1 ng/l increase in the natural logarithm of NT-proBNP) were associated with a higher incidence of myocardial ischemia (odds ratio: 1.59, 95% confidence interval: 1.21-2.08, P < 0.001) and troponin T release (odds ratio: 1.76, 95% confidence interval: 1.33-2.34, P < 0.001). The optimal cutoff value of NT-proBNP to predict ischemia and/or troponin T release was 270 ng/l (area under the curve: 0.70). Higher baseline NT-proBNP levels were also associated with a larger ischemic burden at electrocardiographic monitoring (r=0.22, P=0.03). No significant correlation, however, was found between NT-proBNP and preoperative HRV (r= - 0.024, P= 0.78). Conclusion Elevated baseline NT-proBNP levels are significantly associated with perioperative myocardial ischemia and troponin T release, but not with preoperative HRV in patients undergoing major vascular surgery Coron Artery Dis 18:645-651 (c)) 2007 Wolters Kluwer Health vertical bar Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Combined prognostic utility of ST segment in lead aVR and troponin T on admission in non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes; Many studies have shown that ST-segment depression is a strong predictor of poor outcomes in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes (NSTE-ACSs); however, lead aVR was not considered in, these studies. The present study examined the prognostic usefulness of the 12-lead electrocardiogram in combination with biochemical markers in 333 patients with NSTE-ACS. ST-segment deviation of >= 0.5 mm was considered clinically significant. Coronary angiography was performed a median of 3 days after admission in all patients. The primary end point was the composite of death, myocardial infarction, and urgent revascularization at 90 days. ST-segment elevation in lead aVR (odds ratio 13.8, 95% confidence interval 1.43 to 100.9, p = 0.03) and increased troponin T (odds ratio 7.9, 95% confidence interval 1.22 to 123.8, p = 0.04) were the only independent predictors of restricted events (death or myocardial infarction) at 90 days. ST-segment elevation in lead aVR (odds ratio 12.8, 95% confidence interval 4.80 to 33.9, p < 0.0001) and increased troponin T (odds ratio 2.03, 95% confidence interval 1.20 to 4.29, p = 0.04) were also the only independent predictors of adverse events (death, myocardial infarction, or urgent revascularization) at 90 days. When ST-segment status in lead aVR was combined with troponin T, patients with ST-segment elevation in lead aVR and increased troponin T had the highest rates of left main or 3-vessel coronary disease (62%) and 90-day adverse outcomes (47%). In conclusion, our findings suggest that ST-segment status in lead aVR combined with troponin T on admission is a simple and useful clinical tool for early risk stratification in patients with NSTE-ACS. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Coronary Artery Disease Detected by Coronary Computed Tomographic Angiography Is Associated With Intensification of Preventive Medical Therapy and Lower Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol; Background-Coronary computed tomographic angiography (CCTA) is an accurate test for the identification of coronary artery disease (CAD), yet the impact of CCTA results on subsequent medical therapy and risk factors has not been widely reported. Methods and Results-We identified consecutive patients aged >18 years without prior CAD who underwent CCTA from 2004 to 2011 and had complete data on medications before and after CCTA. CCTA results were categorized as no CAD, <50% stenosis, and >= 50% stenosis. Based on the number of involved segments, extent of disease was categorized as nonextensive (<= 4 segments) or extensive CAD (>4 segments). Electronic medical records and patient interviews were reviewed blinded to CCTA findings to assess initiation of aspirin and intensification of lipid-lowering therapies. Survival analysis was performed to evaluate intensification of lipid therapy as a predictor of cardiovascular death or nonfatal myocardial infarction. Among 2839 patients with mean follow-up of 3.6 years, the odds of physician intensification of lipid-lowering therapy significantly increased for those with nonobstructive CAD (odds ratio, 3.6; 95% confidence interval, 2.9-4.9; P<0.001) and obstructive CAD (odds ratio, 5.6; 95% confidence interval, 4.3-7.3; P<0.001). Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels declined significantly in association with intensification of lipid-lowering therapy after CCTA in all patient subgroups. In a hypothesis-generating analysis, among patients with nonobstructive but extensive CAD, statin use after CCTA was associated with a reduction in cardiovascular death or myocardial infarction (hazards ratio, 0.18; 95% confidence interval, 0.05-0.66; P=0.01). Conclusions-Abnormal CCTA findings are associated with downstream intensification in statin and aspirin therapy. In particular, CCTA may lead to increased use of prognostically beneficial therapies in patients identified as having extensive, nonobstructive CAD.
Association of urinary cadmium and myocardial infarction; We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of individuals 45-79 years old in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey III (1988-1994) (NHANES III). Myocardial infarction was determined by electrocardiogram (ECG). Our sample included 4912 participants, which when weighted represented 52,234,055 Americans. We performed adjusted logistic regressions with the Framingham risk score, pack-years of smoking, race-ethnicity, and family history of heart attack, and diabetes as covariates. Urinary cadmium >= 0.88 mu g/g creatinine had an odds ratio of 1.86 (95% CI 1.26-2.75) compared to urinary cadmium < 0.43 mu g/g creatinine. This result supports the hypothesis that cadmium is associated with coronary heart disease. When logistic regressions were done by gender, women, but not men, showed a significant association of urinary cadmium with myocardial infarction. Women with urinary cadmium >= 0.88 mu g/g creatinine had an odds ratio of 1.80 (95% CI 1.06-3.04) compared to urinary cadmium < 0.43 mu g/g creatinine. When the analysis was restricted to never smokers (N = 2187) urinary cadmium >= 0.88 mu g/g creatinine had an odds ratio of 1.85 (95% CI 1.10-3.14) compared to urinary cadmium < 0.43 mu g/g creatinine. (c) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Association between HFE mutations and acute myocardial infarction: A study in patients from Northern and Southern Italy; There is interest in the role of iron in age-related diseases such as atherosclerosis. Tissue iron deposition could be harmful, because Fe2+ can react with H2O2 to form OH- radicals and Fe2+ can react with O-2 to form reactive oxygen species. Free radicals react with cell membranes and cell organelles and could lead to the development of atherosclerosis by initiating lipid peroxidation. Hereditary hemochromatosis provides an opportunity for studying the effects of iron on cardiovascular disease. Some studies have shown that individuals who carried HFE mutations may be at greater risk of developing coronary heart disease than those without the mutations. In contrast, a large number of studies have reported no association between HFE mutations and coronary heart disease. These studies have possible confounding factors, such as the homogeneity of the population in term of geographical origin among others. We studied the relation between HFE mutations and acute myocardial infarction in two case-control studies involving two sets of subjects representing different age groups from different geographic regions in Italy. The first one was composed of 172 older patients (139 males and 33 females; mean age 67) and 207 healthy controls (91 males and 116 females; mean age 46) from Emilia-Romagna. The second one was composed of younger 77 patients (75 males and 2 females; mean age 41) and 172 healthy controls (75 males and 97 females, mean age: 38) from Sicily. All patients were genotyped for ApoE alleles, since the ApoE-epsilon4 allele is considered a risk factor for cardiovascular diseases and can interfere with other genetic and environmental factors by modifying susceptibility to this disease. DNA typing for C282Y and H63D HFE alleles was performed also. There were no significant differences in frequencies of the different HFE alleles between acute myocardial infarction patients and controls in cohorts of both old and young patients. Also taking into account the presence or absence of the ApoE-epsilon4 allele, no significant differences in H63D allele frequencies were observed. Thus, our study, performed in two samples of genetically homogeneous patients and controls, does not support the suggestion that HFE mutations may be associated with acute myocardial infarction in susceptible individuals. (C) 2003 Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved.
Lipoprotein (a): Structure, Pathophysiology and Clinical Implications; The chemical structure of lipoprotein (a) is similar to that of LDL, from which it differs due to the presence of apolipoprotein (a) bound to apo B100 via one disulfide bridge. Lipoprotein (a) is synthesized in the liver and its plasma concentration, which can be determined by use of monoclonal antibody-based methods, ranges from < 1 mg to > 1,000 mg/dL. Lipoprotein (a) levels over 20-30 mg/dL are associated with a two-fold risk of developing coronary artery disease. Usually, black subjects have higher lipoprotein (a) levels that, differently from Caucasians and Orientals, are not related to coronary artery disease. However, the risk of black subjects must be considered. Sex and age have little influence on lipoprotein (a) levels. Lipoprotein (a) homology with plasminogen might lead to interference with the fibrinolytic cascade, accounting for an atherogenic mechanism of that lipoprotein. Nevertheless, direct deposition of lipoprotein (a) on arterial wall is also a possible mechanism, lipoprotein (a) being more prone to oxidation than LDL. Most prospective studies have confirmed lipoprotein (a) as a predisposing factor to atherosclerosis. Statin treatment does not lower lipoprotein (a) levels, differently from niacin and ezetimibe, which tend to reduce lipoprotein (a), although confirmation of ezetimibe effects is pending. The reduction in lipoprotein (a) concentrations has not been demonstrated to reduce the risk for coronary artery disease. Whenever higher lipoprotein (a) concentrations are found, and in the absence of more effective and well-tolerated drugs, a more strict and vigorous control of the other coronary artery disease risk factors should be sought.
Evaluation of the effects of mivacurium chloride on hemodynamics and left ventricular function in patients with coronary artery disease undergoing abdominal aortic surgery; Objective: To determine the effects of two doses of mivacurium chloride on hemodynamics and left ventricular function in patients with documented coronary artery disease undergoing aortic surgery, Design: A prospective study with the dose of mivacurium determined by randomization, Setting: Induction area at a university hospital. Participants: Twenty consecutive patients undergoing aortic surgery with clinically and/or angiographically documented coronary artery disease, Interventions: intravenous administration of mivacurium chloride. Measurements and Main Results Induction of anesthesia was performed with midazolam and fentanyl. Two different doses of mivacurium chloride, 0.15 mg/kg (n = 10) and 0.2 mg/kg (n = 10; 2 and 2.5 ED95, respectively), were administered as a single bolus injection over a 60-second period in the absence of any surgical stimulation. In addition to standard hemodynamic monitoring, pulmonary artery catheterization and transesophageal echocardiography were used. The occurrence of myocardial ischemia was monitored using both a computerized three-lead ST-segment analysis system and the echocardiographic assessment of regional wall motion. No change in heart rate, mean arterial pressure, pulmonary capillary wedge pressure, cardiac output, and global left ventricular function was noted after administration of mivacurium with the two doses studied. No ST-segment change or new segmental wall motion abnormality was noted in either group, Conclusion: Mivacurium chloride, when injected over a 60-second period, preserves global and regional myocardial function in patients with documented coronary artery disease undergoing noncardiac surgery. Copyright (C) 1997 by W.B. Saunders Company.
DISPERSION OF VENTRICULAR REPOLARIZATION AND ARRHYTHMIC CARDIAC DEATH IN CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE; In a recent prospective study of myocardial ischemia, arrhythmic cardiac death occurred in 17 of 936 patients (2%) during a 2-year follow-up after acute myocardial infarction or unstable angina. Dispersion of ventricular repolarization was evaluated on the 12-lead electrocardiogram at enrollment in 17 patients who subsequently died of cardiac arrhythmia and in 51 matched survivors. The aim of this study was to evaluate the relation between various measurements of dispersion of repolarization and subsequent arrhythmic cardiac death, and to determine if dispersion of repolarization makes an independent contribution to the risk of arrhythmic cardiac death. Ventricular depolarization quantitated in terms of mean QRS (QRS-m) duration, and ventricular repolarization quantitated in terms of mean (m), maximal-minimal dispersion (d), standard deviation (s), and coefficient of variation (cv) of QT and JT intervals, were determined. Univariate analyses revealed that 2 standard electrocardiographic parameters, QRS-m and QT-m, and 3 dispersion variables, JT-d, JT-s, and Jtc-d, were associated with arrhythmic cardiac death (p <0.01). Multivariate analyses revealed that the combination of the dispersion parameter (JT-d, JT-s, or JTc-d) and QRS-m made an independent contribution to the risk of arrhythmic cardiac death. The findings highlight the importance of both delayed depolarization and heterogenous repolarization as risk factors for arrhythmic cardiac death. Thus, increased dispersion of repolarization is associated with an elevated likelihood of arrhythmic cardiac death. Prolonged QRS duration and increased dispersion of repolarization make independent contributions to the risk of arrhythmic cardiac death in patients with coronary artery disease.
Serum copper concentration and coronary heart disease among US adults; Copper, a strong prooxidant, may play a role in atherogenesis. The author examined the association between serum copper concentration and mortality from coronary heart disease using data from the Second National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (1976-1992). Serum copper concentration was determined using atomic absorption spectroscopy. After various exclusions, 151 deaths from coronary heart disease occurred among 4,574 participants aged 230 years. At baseline, the age-adjusted serum copper concentration was about 5% higher among participants who died from coronary heart disease than among those who did not (p = 0.072). After adjustment for age, sex, race, education, smoking status, systolic blood pressure. serum cholesterol, serum high density lipoprotein cholesterol, body mass index, recreational activity, nonrecreational activity, history of diabetes, and white blood cell count, the hazard ratios for death from coronary heart disease for serum copper concentrations in the second, third, and fourth quartiles (versus the first quartile) were 1.84 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.93, 3.66), 2.14 (95% CI: 1.21, 3.77), and 2.87 (95% CI: 1.57, 5.25), respectively. Several prospective studies, including the present analysis, have found elevated serum copper concentrations to be associated with cardiovascular disease. Whether copper directly affects atherogenesis or is a marker of inflammation associated with atherosclerosis remains to be established.
Ischemia Modified Albumin for the assessment of patients presenting to the emergency department with acute chest pain but normal or non-diagnostic 12-lead electrocardiograms and negative cardiac troponin T; Background: The diagnosis of myocardial ischemia in patients with acute chest pain at rest but non-diagnostic electrocardiograms (ECG) is problematic. Ischemia Modified Albumin (IMA(R)) is a new biochemical marker of ischemia, which may be useful to characterise acute coronary syndrome (ACS) patients. Methods: We studied 131 patients (mean age 58.5 years; 95 mate) presenting to the emergency department with symptoms suggestive of ACS but with normal or non-diagnostic ECGs. Cardiac troponin T (cTnT) and IMA were measured within 3 h of last chest pain episode. Based on hospital diagnostic test results, patients were classified as having ACS or non-ischemic chest pain (NICP), by two independent cardiologists unaware of IMA results. Results: Mean IMA levels (U/ml) were higher in patients with ACS (98.3 +/- 11) compared to patients with NICP (85.5 +/- 15); p < 0.0001. IMA levels > 93.5 U/ml demonstrated a sensitivity and specificity of 75% for the diagnosis of ACS; area under the receiver operator characteristic curve 0.78 (95% CI: 0.70-0.85). If we applied the manufacturer cutoff point of 85 U/ml, the sensitivity of IMA increased to 90.6% with a specificity of 49.3% (negative predictive value = 84.6%). In combination with cTnT (6-12 h) ( > 0.05 ng/ml), the sensitivity increased to 92.2%. After multivariate analysis, IMA levels > 85 U/ml (odds ratio = 14.6 [95% CI 4.4-48.4]; p < 0.0001), age and prior myocardial infarction were independent predictors of ACS. Conclusion: IMA may be a useful biomarker for the identification of ACS in patients presenting with typical acute chest pain but normal or non-diagnostic ECGs. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Mercury, fish oils, and the risk of myocardial infarction; Background: It has been suggested that mercury, a highly reactive heavy metal with no known physiologic activity, increases the risk of cardiovascular disease. Because fish intake is a major source of exposure to mercury, the mercury content of fish may counteract the beneficial effects of its n-3 fatty acids. Methods: In a case-control study conducted in eight European countries and Israel, we evaluated the joint association of mercury levels in toenail clippings and docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6n-3, or DHA) levels in adipose tissue with the risk of a first myocardial infarction among men. The patients were 684 men with a first diagnosis of myocardial infarction. The controls were 724 men selected to be representative of the same populations. Results: The average toenail mercury level in controls was 0.25 microg per gram. After adjustment for the DHA level and coronary risk factors, the mercury levels in the patients were 15 percent higher than those in controls (95 percent confidence interval, 5 to 25 percent). The risk-factor-adjusted odds ratio for myocardial infarction associated with the highest as compared with the lowest quintile of mercury was 2.16 (95 percent confidence interval, 1.09 to 4.29; P for trend = 0.006). After adjustment for the mercury level, the DHA level was inversely associated with the risk of myocardial infarction (odds ratio for the highest vs. the lowest quintile, 0.59; 95 percent confidence interval, 0.30 to 1.19; P for trend = 0.02). Conclusions: The toenail mercury level was directly associated with the risk of myocardial infarction, and the adipose-tissue DHA level was inversely associated with the risk. High mercury content may diminish the cardioprotective effect of fish intake.
Cadmium in Diet and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease in Women; Background: The toxic metal cadmium is suggested to increase the risk of cardiovascular disease, but only one incidence study has explored this association. We evaluated the association between quartiles of food frequency questionnaire-based estimates of cadmium exposure from food (the predominant source of exposure to the metal) and incident cardiovascular disease and its subtypes. Methods: From the population-based Swedish Mammography cohort, 33,333 women were followed prospectively from baseline (1997) through 2010. We estimated relative risks (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using Cox proportional hazard models. Results: During 12 years of follow-up, we identified 3155 incident cases of total cardiovascular disease (1322 cases of myocardial infarction and 1833 cases of total stroke [1485 ischemic and 208 hemorrhagic stroke]). Dietary cadmium exposure was not associated with risk of total cardiovascular disease, myocardial infarction, or total stroke or its subtypes. For total cardiovascular disease, the multivariable-adjusted RR comparing the highest quartile of cadmium exposure with the lowest was 0.96 (95% CI = 0.85-1.09). The corresponding RRs were 1.07 (0.88-1.29) for myocardial infarction, 0.90 (0.76-1.05) for total stroke, 0.89 (0.74-1.06) for ischemic stroke, and 1.11 (0.68-1.80) for hemorrhagic stroke. Conclusions: Our study lends no support to an overall association between low-level exposure to cadmium via food and incident cardiovascular disease.
Association Between the Coronary Artery Disease Risk Locus on Chromosome 9p21.3 and Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm; Background-Recent genome-wide studies have shown a significant association of a locus on chromosome 9p21.3 and coronary artery disease. We performed a case-control study to investigate the association between this locus and abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA). Methods and Results-A total of 1714 patients (899 patients with AAA and 815 controls) were genotyped for the lead single-nucleotide polymorphism, rs1333049, on chromosome 9p21. The frequency of the C (risk) allele of rs1333049 in the control group was 0.471. There was a significant association between the C allele and AAA (odds ratio, 1.22; 95% confidence interval, 1.06 to 1.39; P=0.004). The genotypic-specific odds ratios (compared with the GG genotype) were 1.17 (95% confidence interval, 0.93 to 1.47; P=0.191) for the GC genotype and 1.50 (95% confidence interval, 1.14 to 1.97; P=0.004) for the CC genotype. In logistic regression modeling, the association of the CC genotype with AAA was independent of the presence of clinical coronary artery disease (odds ratio, 1.46; 95% confidence interval, 1.11 to 1.94; P=0.008). Conclusions-Our study shows that the recently identified chromosome 9 variant that increases risk of coronary artery disease is also associated with the presence of AAA. The findings suggest that the effect of this locus on risk of cardiovascular disease extends beyond the coronary circulation. (Circ Cardiovasc Genet. 2008;1:39-42.)
Biological gradient between long-term arsenic exposure and carotid atherosclerosis; Background-Long-term exposure to ingested arsenic has been documented to induce peripheral vascular disease, ischemic heart disease, and cerebral infarction in a dose-response relationship. This study further examined the biological gradient between ingested inorganic arsenic and carotid atherosclerosis. Methods and Results-We studied 199 male and 264 female adult residents from the southwestern area of endemic arseniasis in Taiwan. The extent of carotid atherosclerosis was assessed by duplex ultrasonography. Diabetes mellitus was determined by oral glucose tolerance test, hypertension by mercury sphygmomanometers, and serum lipid profiles by autoanalyzers. Information regarding the consumption of high-arsenic artesian well water, cigarette smoking, and alcohol consumption was obtained through standardized questionnaire interviews. Logistic regression analysis was used to estimate the odds ratio and its 95% CI of carotid atherosclerosis for various risk factors. Three indices of long-term exposure to ingested arsenic, including the duration of consuming artesian well water, the average arsenic concentration in consumed artesian well water, and cumulative arsenic exposure, were all significantly associated with prevalence of carotid atherosclerosis in a dose-response relationship. The biological gradient remained significant after adjustment for age, sex, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, cigarette smoking, alcohol consumption, waist-to-hip ratio, and serum levels of total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol. The multivariate-adjusted odds ratio was 3.1 (95% CI 1.3 to 7.4) for those who had a cumulative arsenic exposure of greater than or equal to20 mg/L-years compared with those without exposure to arsenic from drinking artesian well water. Conclusions-Carotid atherosclerosis is associated with ingested inorganic arsenic, showing a significant biological gradient.
Mercury accumulation and accelerated progression of carotid atherosclerosis:: a population-based prospective 4-year follow-up study in men in eastern Finland; Basic research and our previous studies have suggested that mercury exposure enhances lipid peroxidation and the risk of myocardial infarction, but there are no studies concerning the association between mercury accumulation and atherosclerosis. We therefore investigated whether high hair mercury content is associated with accelerated progression of carotid atherosclerosis, determined by ultrasonographic assessment of common carotid intima-media thickness (IMT), in a prospective study among 1014 men aged 42-60 years. In a linear regression model adjusting for other atherosclerotic risk factors, high hair mercury content was one of the strongest predictors of the 4-year increase in the mean IMT (P = 0.0007). On the average, for each mu g/g increase in hair mercury content, there was an increment of 8 mu m (7.3% of the mean) in the 4-year IMT increase. Men with hair mercury content of < 0.49, 0.49-0.91, 0.92-1.49, 1.50-2.81 and > 2.81 mu g/g (fifths) had an IMT increase of 0.105, 0.102, 0.113, 0.107 and 0.140 mm/4 years, respectively (P = 0.041 for heterogeneity between groups). The IMT increase was 0.034 mm/4 years (31.9%) greater in the highest fifth than in the other fifths (P < 0.05 for the difference). These findings suggest that mercury accumulation in the human body is associated with accelerated progression of carotid atherosclerosis. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Subclinical left ventricular dysfunction revealed by circumferential 2D strain imaging in patients with coronary artery disease and fragmented QRS complex; BACKGROUND Fragmented QRS (fQRS) complexes on a routine 12-lead electrocardiogram were associated with adverse cardiac events, including sudden death in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). OBJECTIVE To investigate the relationship between the fQRS complex and global and regional left ventricular (LV) functions in patients with CAD. METHODS The study consisted of 176 patients (68 +/- 9 years; 145 [82%] men) with CAD with narrow QRS duration and preserved LV ejection fraction (>45%). All patients underwent detailed 2-dimensional speckle-tracking echocardiography to determine global and segmental (basal, middle, and apical) LV strains and strain rates and were prospectively followed-up in the outpatient clinic. RESULTS Fifty-five patients (31%) had fQRS complexes. Global, middle, and apical LV longitudinal, radial, and circumferential strains and strain rates were significantly lower in the fQRS group than in the non-fQRS group (all P <.05). Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that the fQRS complex was associated with decreased global circumferential strain (odds ratio 1.19; 95% confidence interval 1.06-1.33; P = .003) and multivessel disease (odds ratio 3.69; 95% confidence interval 1.35-10.08; P = .011). Kaplan-Meier analysis revealed that event-free survival for cardiac events was significantly lower in the fQRS group than in the non-fQRS group (P = .036). CONCLUSIONS Our results demonstrated that the fQRS complex in patients with CAD with preserved LV ejection fraction was associated with subclinical global and regional LV dysfunctions as detected by 2-dimensional speckle-tracking imaging, and the results also predicted adverse cardiac events.
Nonobstructive coronary disease leading to STEMI: assessment of residual stenosis after thrombus aspiration; Aims Nonobstructive coronary atherosclerotic lesions can lead to ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). Thrombus aspiration during a primary percutaneous coronary intervention provides a setting to evaluate the degree of stenosis of culprit lesions leading to STEMI. The aim of this study was to assess the degree of culprit lesion residual stenosis after thrombus aspiration and to compare the demographic, clinical, and angiographic characteristics between patients with obstructive versus nonobstructive residual stenosis. Methods and results From a single-center registry of 483 consecutive patients with STEMI undergoing a primary percutaneous coronary intervention, 172 patients underwent thrombus aspiration and were eligible for our study. We defined two groups according to the residual stenosis after thrombus aspiration: group A (n = 119, 69%) with residual stenosis greater than or equal to 50%, and group B (n= 53, 31%) with residual stenosis less than 50%. In terms of the baseline angiographic characteristics, patients with residual stenosis less than 50% had significantly lower prevalence of multivessel disease (15.1 vs. 46.2%, P< 0.001). On multivariable analysis of the preprocedural variables, absence of vascular disease (odds ratio 4.99, 95% confidence interval 1.08-23.12, P = 0.040) and age less than 59 years (odds ratio 2.67, 95% confidence interval 1.25-5.73, P = 0.011) were independent predictors of culprit residual stenosis less than 50%. Conclusion In this population, a significant proportion of patients with STEMI had nonobstructive residual stenosis after thrombus aspiration. These patients were younger, had a lower prevalence of vascular disease in other vascular territories, and less multivessel disease, suggesting an earlier stage of atherosclerosis. Coron Artery Dis 24: 154-159 (C) 2013 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Anti-oxidative and cholesterol efflux capacities of high-density lipoprotein are reduced in ischaemic cardiomyopathy; Various pathological changes lead to the development of heart failure (HF). HDL is dysfunctional in both acute coronary syndrome, as measured by the HDL inflammatory index (HII) assay, and stable coronary disease, as measured by cholesterol efflux capacity. We therefore hypothesized that these functions of HDL are also impaired in subjects with ischaemic cardiomyopathy. A casecontrol study was performed on subjects in the University of Pennsylvania Catheterization Study (PennCath) cohort of patients with angina. Cases had EF 50 and angiographic CAD (70 stenosis of any vessel; n 23); controls included those with EF 55 and no CAD (n 46). Serum from subjects was apolipoprotein-B depleted to isolate an HDL fraction. To measure HDL anti-oxidative capacity, the HDL fraction was incubated with LDL and a reporter lipid that fluoresces when oxidized. To measure cholesterol efflux capacity, the HDL fraction was also incubated with macrophages and tritium-labelled cholesterol. Mean HII was higher and efflux capacity lower in subjects with ischaemic cardiomyopathy (HII 0.26 vs. 0.028; efflux 0.80 vs. 0.92; P 0.05). In a multivariable logistic regression model, both high HII and low efflux capacity were significant risk factors for HF [HII odds ratio (OR) 2.8, 95 confidence interval (CI) 2.03.9, P 0.002; efflux OR 2.1, 95 CI 1.53.0, P 0.03]. These effects persisted after adjustment for covariates and traditional risk factors for HF. Subjects with reduced EF from ischaemia have lower HDL concentration and also impaired HDL function. HDL is a versatile lipoprotein particle with various anti-inflammatory and vasoprotective functions, whose impairment may contribute to ischaemic heart failure.
Left Ventricular Dyssynchrony Predicts Left Main Coronary Artery Disease in Patients with Non-ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction; Background: The purpose of our study was to examine whether left ventricular dyssynchrony predicts left main coronary artery stenosis in patients with non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction. Methods: A total of 100 consecutive patients with non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction underwent echocardiography and coronary artery angiography. The 3-dimensional echocardiography-derived left ventricular dyssynchrony parameter was determined by using the standard deviation of the time to the minimal systolic volume for the 16 segments. A stenosis >= 50% of the diameter of the left main coronary artery or a stenosis >= 70% in 1 or more of the major epicardial vessels or their main branches was considered significant. Results: The logistic regression analysis revealed that this parameter (odds ratio 1.2; 95% confidence interval, 1.01-1.42; p = 0.04) was the independent predictor of left main coronary artery stenosis. The receiver operating characteristic curve analysis revealed 8.86 as the optimal cutoff value to predict left main coronary artery stenosis (sensitivity, 71.4%; specificity, 89.2%). Conclusions: The assessment of left ventricular dyssynchrony by 3-dimensional echocardiography is useful for a noninvasive diagnosis of the left main coronary artery stenosis in patients with non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction.
Early increases in cardiac troponin levels after major vascular surgery is associated with an increased frequency of delayed cardiac complications; Objective: To evaluate changes in cardiac troponin-I levels after major vascular surgery and their association with early and late postoperative cardiac complications. Design: Prospective, observational investigation. Setting: University teaching hospital. Patients: 75 consecutive patients undergoing major vascular surgery. Interventions: All patients received a standard sevoflurane-fentanyl anesthesia during the procedure. Blood levels of creatine kinase with MB subtype and cardiac troponin-I were assessed before surgery and then everyday for the first 3 days after surgery. At the same time, 12-lead electrocardiography was also performed, and occurrence of any cardiac adverse event was recorded. Patients were then followed up for I month after surgery. Measurement and Main Results: Troponin-I levels increased in 25 patients (33%) during the first 3 days after surgery; 9 of these patients (12%) had myocardial infarction. At univariate analysis, uncontrolled hypertension was the only risk factor for perioperative infarction (odds ratio, 16; (95% confidence interval, 3-74); however, multivariate logistic regression analysis failed to show statistically significant associations. Increases in troponin-I had a 100% sensitivity and 75% specificity in detecting myocardial ischemia with a 36% positive and 100% negative predictive values. Severe cardiac complication 1 month after surgery was reported in 5 patients (6.6%). The increase of cardiac troponin-I levels during the first 3 postoperative days was associated with an increased frequency of major cardiac complication at 1-month follow-up (P = 0.003), with a 100% sensitivity, 71% specificity, and 100% negative predictive value. Conclusions: Myocardial infarction after major noncardiac vascular surgery occurs in up to 12% of cases. Perioperative monitoring of troponin-I plasma levels may help to identify patients at increased risk for cardiac morbidity not only early after surgery but also during the first postoperative month. (C) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Fragmented QRS and abnormal creatine kinase-MB are predictors of coronary artery disease in patients with angina and normal electrocardiographys; Background/Aims: Patients with symptoms of coronary artery disease (CAD) often display normal tracings or only nonspecific changes on electrocardiography (ECG). The aim of this study was to explore strategic elements of the ECG and other potential factors that are predictive of CAD in this scenario. Methods: This was an observational study of 142 patients with the chief complaint of chest pain, each of whom presented with a normal ECG and was subjected to emergency coronary angiography (CAG). Two population subsets were identified: those patients (n = 97) with no significant stenotic lesions and those (n = 45) with the significant stenotic lesions of CAD. Results: Those patients with normal or nonspecific ECGs and CAD (15.8%) were more likely to have left circumflex artery involvement (20% vs. 7%). In patients with normal ECGs and CAD (vs. normal CAG), male sex (86.7% vs. 68%, p = 0.023), creatine kinase-MB (CK-MB) levels > 10 U/L (13 vs. 10, p = 0.025), and fragmented QRS (fQRS) (38.6% vs. 21.6%, p = 0.042) occurred with greater frequency. In multivariable analysis, the following variables were significant predictors of CAD, given a normal ECG: male sex (odds ratio [OR], 2.593; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.068 to 5.839); CK-MB (OR, 2.497; 95% CI, 0.955 to 7.039); and W-or M-shaped QRS complex (OR, 2.306; 95% CI 0.988 to 5.382). Conclusions: In our view, male sex, elevated CK-MB (> 10 U/L), and fQRS complexes are suspects for CAD in patients with angina and unremarkable ECGs and should be considered screening tests.
Protein Biomarkers of New-Onset Cardiovascular Disease Prospective Study From the Systems Approach to Biomarker Research in Cardiovascular Disease Initiative; Objective Incorporation of novel plasma protein biomarkers may improve current models for prediction of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk. Approach and Results We used discovery mass spectrometry (MS) to determine plasma concentrations of 861 proteins in 135 myocardial infarction (MI) cases and 135 matched controls. Then, we measured 59 markers by targeted MS in 336 ASCVD case-control pairs. Associations with MI or ASCVD were tested in single-marker and multiple-marker analyses adjusted for established ASCVD risk factors. Twelve single markers from discovery MS were associated with MI incidence (at P<0.01), adjusting for clinical risk factors. Seven proteins in aggregate (cyclophilin A, cluster of differentiation 5 molecule [CD5] antigen-like, cell-surface glycoprotein mucin cell surface associated protein 18 [MUC-18], collagen- 1 [XVIII] chain, salivary -amylase 1, C-reactive protein, and multimerin-2) were highly associated with MI (P<0.0001) and significantly improved its prediction compared with a model with clinical risk factors alone (C-statistic of 0.71 versus 0.84). Through targeted MS, 12 single proteins were predictors of ASCVD (at P<0.05) after adjusting for established risk factors. In multiple-marker analyses, 4 proteins in combination (-1-acid glycoprotein 1, paraoxonase 1, tetranectin, and CD5 antigen-like) predicted incident ASCVD (P<0.0001) and moderately improved the C-statistic from the model with clinical covariates alone (C-statistic of 0.69 versus 0.73). Conclusions Proteomics profiling identified single- and multiple-marker protein panels that are associated with new-onset ASCVD and may lead to a better understanding of underlying disease mechanisms. Our findings include many novel protein biomarkers that, if externally validated, may improve risk assessment for MI and ASCVD.
Eluting combination drugs from stents; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are one of the leading causes of death across the globe. Pathogenesis of coronary artery disease (CAD) is lead by the progression of atherosclerotic lacerations in coronary arteries. Percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) using balloon angioplasty was introduced in 1979 and was majorly used in the treatment of these lesions. Introduction of bare metal stents (BMS) has revolutionized stenting procedures overcoming elastic recoil and reducing restenosis commonly associated with balloon angioplasty, but follow up studies have shown 20-30% prevalence of in-stent restenosis (ISR), this led to the development of drug eluting stents (DES). But long-term follow up studies have shown increased liability of stent thrombosis. Boosting the development of safer and effective DES expounding for therapies like biodegradable polymer based DES, polymer free DES, bioresorbable DES and combination DES to collectively reduce neointimal hyperplasia and promote endothelial healing. In dual-DES development, a combination employing an anti-restenotic agent (for preventing VSMC's proliferation), which is released for the first few weeks, and then the second drug a pro-healing agent (promoting re-endothelialization) released after a month would be ideal. Growing understanding in the areas of polymer therapeutics, nanoscale surface modifications and gene therapy would assist in the delivery of multiple drugs, which would further help in the design of promising therapeutic strategies for the treatment of CAD using stent based therapies. (c) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Declining exposures to lead and cadmium contribute to explaining the reduction of cardiovascular mortality in the US population, 1988-2004; Lead and cadmium exposures have markedly declined in the USA following the implementation of large-scale public health policies and could have contributed to the unexplained decline in cardiovascular mortality in US adults. We evaluated the potential contribution of lead and cadmium exposure reductions to explain decreasing cardiovascular mortality trends occurring in the USA from 1988-94 to 1999-2004. Prospective study in 15 421 adults >= 40 years old who had participated in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1988-94 or 1999-2004. We estimated the amount of change in cardiovascular mortality over time that can be independently attributed to the intermediate pathway of changes in blood lead and urine cadmium concentrations. There was a 42.0% decrease in blood lead and a 31.0% decrease in urine cadmium concentrations. The cardiovascular mortality rate ratio [95% confidence intervals (CIs)] associated with a doubling of metal levels was 1.19 (1.07, 1.31) for blood lead and 1.20 (1.09, 1.32) for urine cadmium. The absolute reduction in cardiovascular deaths comparing 1999-2004 to 1988-94 was 230.7 deaths/100 000 person-years, in models adjusted for traditional cardiovascular risk factors. Among these avoided deaths, 52.0 (95% CI 8.4, 96.7) and 19.4 (4.3, 36.4) deaths/100 000 person-years were attributable to changes in lead and cadmium, respectively. Environmental declines in lead and cadmium exposures were associated with reductions in cardiovascular mortality in US adults. Given the fact that lead and cadmium remain associated with cardiovascular disease at relatively low levels of exposure, prevention strategies that further minimize exposure to lead and cadmium may be needed.
Determination of exercise training heart rate in patients on β-blockers after myocardial infarction; Background In patients with coronary artery disease, the target intensity-level of exercise training is usually based on a training heart rate that aims to be close to the upper level of metabolic aerobic exercise. Aim We intended to evaluate whether a training heart rate calculated with the Karvonen formula after a conventional exercise test is comparable with the heart rate at the anaerobic threshold in patients after myocardial infarction treated with beta-blockers and if not to propose a new formula. Methods and results In this multicenter prospective study, 115 consecutive beta-blocked patients recovering from myocardial infarction performed a cardiopulmonary exercise test to determine the anaerobic threshold. The training heart rate determined by the Karvonen formula was compared with the heart rate at the anaerobic threshold in a derivation sample (n = 58) and a validation sample (n = 57) of patients. The Karvonen training heart rate was significantly lower than the heart rate at the anaerobic threshold (91 +/- 5 versus 102 +/- 17 bpm, P< 0.0001) in the first sample of patients and this difference was clinically relevant in 40% of patients. Thus, a 'modified Karvonen training heart rate, equal to 0.8 x (maximum heart rate - resting heart rate) + resting heart rate, was calculated by linear regression in the derivation sample and prospectively assessed in the validation sample. The modified Karvonen training heart rate was closer to the heart rate at the anaerobic threshold than the Karvonen training heart rate, and the difference between the modified Karvonen training heart rate and the heart rate at the anaerobic threshold was clinically relevant in only 5% of patients. Conclusion The Karvonen formula underestimates the heart rate at the anaerobic threshold in beta-blocked patients, which may lead to undertraining of patients with coronary artery disease; we propose another formula more adapted to these patients.
Risk of cardiovascular events associated with selective COX-2 inhibitors; Atherosclerosis is a process with inflammatory features and selective cyclooxygenase 2 (COX-2) inhibitors may potentially have antiatherogenic effects by virtue of inhibiting inflammation. However, by decreasing vasodilatory and antiaggregatory prostacyclin production, COX-2 antagonists may lead to increased prothrombotic activity. To define the cardiovascular effects of COX-2 inhibitors when used for arthritis and musculoskeletal pain in patients without coronary artery disease, we performed a MEDLINE search to identify all English-language articles on use of COX-2 inhibitors published between 1998 and February 2001. We also reviewed relevant submissions to the US Food and Drug Administration by pharmaceutical companies. Our search yielded 2 major randomized trials, the Vioxx Gastrointestinal Outcomes Research Study (VIGOR; 8076 patients) and the Celecoxib Longterm Arthritis Safety Study (CLASS; 8059 patients), as well as 2 smaller trials with approximately 1000 patients each. The results from VIGOR showed that the relative risk of developing a confirmed adjudicated thrombotic cardiovascular event (myocardial infarction, unstable angina, cardiac thrombus, resuscitated cardiac arrest, sudden or unexplained death, ischemic stroke, and transient ischemic attacks) with rofecoxib treatment compared with naproxen was 2.38 (95% confidence interval 1.39-4.00; P=.002). There was no significant difference in cardiovascular event (myocardial infarction, stroke, and death) rates between celecoxib and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents in CLASS. The annualized myocardial infarction rates for COX-2 inhibitors in both VIGOR and CLASS were significantly higher than that in the placebo group of a recent meta-analysis of 23407 patients in primary prevention trials (0.52%):0.74% with rofecoxib (P=.04 compared with the placebo group of the meta-analysis) and 0.80% with celecoxib (P=.02 compared with the placebo group of the meta-analysis). The available data raise a cautionary flag about the risk of cardiovascular events with COX-2 inhibitors. Further prospective trial evaluation may characterize and determine the magnitude of the risk.
Evolving lipoprotein risk factors: lipoprotein(a) and oxidized low-density lipoprotein; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in Westernized populations. Evolving lipoprotein risk factors include LDL oxidation and lipoprotein(a) [lp(a)]. Several lines of evidence support a role for oxidatively modified LDL in atherogenesis and its in vivo existence. There are both direct and indirect measures of oxidative stress. The most relevant direct measure of lipid peroxidation is urinary F-2 isoprostanes. The most common indirect measure of LDL oxidation is quantifying the lag phase of copper-catalyzed LDL oxidation by assaying conjugated diene formation. Lp(a) is increased in patients with cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease. However, not all prospective studies have confirmed a positive relationship between Lp(a) and cardiovascular events. Lp(a) appears to present three major problems: standardization of the assay, establishing its role in atherogenesis, and the lack of an effective therapy that can substantially lower Lp(a) concentrations. Thus, at the present time, Lp(a) concentrations should not be recommended for the general population but be reserved for patients with coronary artery disease without established risk factors, young patients with coronary artery disease or cerebrovascular disease, or a family history of premature atherosclerosis and family members of an index patient with increased concentrations of Lp(a). Although both LDL oxidation and Lp(a) are evolving risk factors for cardiovascular disease, more data are needed before they become part of the established lipoprotein repertoire.
Confounding of the relation between homocysteine and peripheral arterial disease by lead, cadmium, and renal function; Homocysteine levels are associated with peripheral arterial disease (PAD) in observational studies. Lead and cadmium are risk factors for PAD that affect thiol metabolism, and they may partly explain the association of homocysteine with PAD. To evaluate the roles of lead and cadmium exposure in confounding the association between homocysteine and PAD, the authors performed a cross-sectional study among 4,447 persons aged >= 40 years who participated in the 1999-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). PAD was defined as an ankle-brachial blood pressure index less than 0.90 in at least one leg. After adjustment for sociodemographic variables, the odds ratio for PAD in the highest quintile of homocysteine compared with the lowest was 1.92 (p(trend) = 0.004). Adjusting for blood lead and cadmium levels reduced this odds ratio to 1.37 (p(trend) = 0.13), and further adjusting for estimated glomerular filtration rate and smoking reduced it to 0.89 (p(trend) = 0.87). Adjustment for other risk factors did not affect this association. In the general population, the association of homocysteine level with PAD can be completely explained by confounding due to smoking, increased blood lead and cadmium levels, and impaired renal function. The association of lead and cadmium with PAD risk deserves further investigation.
High selenium exposure lowers the odds ratios for hypertension, stroke, and myocardial infarction associated with mercury exposure among Inuit in Canada; Background: Selenium (Se) has been reported to protect against the neurotoxicity of mercury (Hg). However, the effect of Se against Hg on cardiovascular diseases remains unclear. Inuit living in the Arctic have high exposure to both Se and Hg through their marine mammal and fish rich traditional diet. Objective: To characterize the co-exposure of Hg and Se among Inuit in Canada and to assess the associations between Hg, Se and cardiovascular health outcomes, including stroke, hypertension, and myocardial infarction (MI). Methods: Data was collected from the International Polar Year Inuit Health Survey (IHS) conducted in 2007 and 2008. Blood Se and Hg were measured, and self-report cardiovascular health outcomes were collected through a questionnaire interview from 2169 adults aged 18 and above. Results: The mean age was 42.4 years, and 38.7% of the participants were male. The geometric means (GM) of blood Se and total Hg were 319.5 mu g/L and 7.0 mu g/L, respectively. The crude prevalence of heart attack, stroke and hypertension were 3.55%, 2.36%, and 24.47% respectively. Participants were categorized into 4 exposure groups according to blood Hg (high: >= 7.8 mu g/L; low: <7.8 mu g/L), and Se (high: >= 280 mu g/L; low: <280 mu g/L). The odds ratio (OR) of cardiovascular outcomes were estimated using general linearized models. Results showed the low Se and high Hg group had a higher prevalence of cardiovascular disease (OR = 1.76 for hypertension, 1.57 for stroke, and 126 for MI. However, the prevalence was decreased in both the high Se and low Hg group (OR = 0.57 for hypertension, 0.44 for stroke, and 0.27 for MI) and the high Se and high Hg group (OR = 1.14 for hypertension, 031 for stroke, and 0.80 for MI). Conclusions: The high Se and low Hg group had the lowest prevalence of cardiovascular outcomes, except for stroke. These results provide evidence that Se may exhibit a protective effect against Hg on cardiovascular disease. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Silent myocardial ischemia in asymptomatic patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus without previous histories of cardiovascular disease; Background: The number of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) continues to increase all over the world. Cardiovascular disease (CVD), especially coronary artery disease (CAD), is a major cause of the morbidity and mortality in patients with T2DM. The prognosis of patients with silent myocardial ischemia (SMI) is worse than that in those without. Methods and results: Thus, to assess how many patients with SMI existed among those patients, CVD screening tests were performed in 128 asymptomatic patients with T2DM without previous histories of CVD. SMI could be detected in 24 patients (19%) by exercise stress tests and/or the coronary fractional flow reserve. Their 12-lead electrocardiogram and cardiac ultrasonography were both normal. Compared to those without SMI, those with had a statistically significant longer history of T2DM (17 +/- 1 versus 11 +/- 1 years, p = 0.006), and the co-existence of a family history of CVD (42% versus 21%, p = 0.037). Furthermore, these factors were demonstrated as independent risk factors of SMI by a multivariate analysis (Odds ratio 1.060 and 4.000, respectively), and in accordance with the disease duration of T2DM, the prevalence of patients with SMI has been increasing (p = 0.019). Conclusions: Physicians should be aware of these conditions when examining patients with T2DM, especially with a family history of CVD and/or long disease duration (>11 years) of T2DM, even though they have no symptoms, previous histories of CVDs, and/or abnormal findings on the 12-lead electrocardiogram and cardiac ultrasonography. This may be an effective, safe, and attractive diagnostic strategy for those asymptomatic patients with T2DM. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
OUTPATIENT REGISTRY OF CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASES (RECVASA): PROSPECTIVE FOLLOW-UP DATA, ESTIMATION OF RISKS AND OUTCOMES IN PATIENTS WITH ATRIAL FIBRILLATION; Aim. To evaluate outcomes and risk of their occurrence in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) within 12 months of follow-up in actual outpatient practice. Material and methods. A total of 3690 patients with AF, arterial hypertension (HT), ischemic heart disease (IHD) and chronic heart failure (CHF) consulted by general practitioners and cardiologists of three outpatient clinics of Ryazan, were enrolled into the outpatient REgistry of CardioVAScular diseAses (RECVASA). 530 of 3690 (14.4%) patients had the diagnosis of "atrial fibrillation" in their outpatient charts. Estimation of the end points within 12 months after inclusion into the registry was performed based on the data received from the contacts with patients or a documented fact of death. Results. 39 (7.4%) patients had died during this period [30 (76.9%) of them due to cardiovascular causes], 18 (3.4%) - had undergone stroke, 3 (0.6%) -myocardial infarction, 2 (0.4%) patients had cardiovascular surgery. There were 63 hospitalizations due to cardiovascular diseases (CVD). AF did not lead to significant increase in cardiovascular death risk [odds ratio (OR)=1.31, p=0.21] and stroke risk (OR=1.64, p=0.09) within 12 months after inclusion into the registry, but the risk of hospitalization due to CVD was significantly higher(OR=2.88, p=0.0001). Permanent AF significantly increased the risk of stroke (OR=2.07,p=0.04). Such factors as diabetes, prior stroke, systolic blood pressure (SBP)<110 mm Hg and heart rate (HR)>= 90 bpm significantly increased all-cause death risk (OR=2.49,p = 0.008; OR=2.46, p=0.01; OR= 7.6, p=0.003; OR= 15.3, p=0.01, respectively). Patients treated with ACE inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers (ARB) had lower all-cause and cardiovascular death risks: OR= 0.38, p=0.01 and OR= 0.25, p=0.02, respectively. Other drugs revealed no significant influence on prognosis. Conclusion. According to the outpatient registry RECVASA data such factors as permanent type of AF, diabetes mellitus, prior stroke, SBP<110 mm Hg and HR >= 90 bpm, ACE inhibitors/ARB prescription significantly influenced prognosis in patients with AF. Estimating outcomes in AF patients, combination with HT, IHD, CHF and non-cardiac comorbidities must be taken into account as well as peculiarities of these diseases drug treatment.
Noninvasive biomagnetic imaging in coronary artery disease based on individual current density maps of the heart; Objective: In this paper we present an attempt at noninvasive imaging of distributed myocardial electrical activity in patients suffering from myocardial infarction and in healthy subjects. Although advances have been made, noninvasive three-dimensional imaging of cardiac electrophysiological activity is still in its infancy and extending our knowledge of cardiac electrophysiological properties may be a valuable guide in the treatment of patients with coronary artery disease. Methods: Magnetic field mapping data formed the input for an inverse solution that is based on a multiple dipole model. The lead field normalized minimum norm least square criterion was applied to predefined myocardial source geometry. Current density distributions were calculated for the left ventricle during ventricular depolarization. Images from two patients with previous myocardial infarction were compared to images from two healthy subjects. Results: Low regional and global current density was found in the infarction patients. Regions of low current density corresponded to infarcted segments. The images of the healthy subjects displayed less marked areas of low current density. Conclusion: The proposed multiple dipole model may be able to distinguish viable from scarred myocardium. A prospective clinical study should be undertaken to investigate the spatial resolution and the diagnostic performance of this method. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
A planar QRS-T angle &gt;90° is associated with multivessel coronary artery disease in patients undergoing coronary angiography; Background: The aim of the study was to investigate the severity of coronary artery disease (CAD) in patients who had a planar QRS-T angle >90 degrees versus <= 90 degrees. Material/Methods: Coronary angiography was performed in 1,229 consecutive patients. Obstructive CAD was diagnosed if there was >50% obstruction of >= 1 major coronary artery. All QRS-T angle measurements were made from a 12-lead electrocardiogram by 2 authors who agreed on the measurement and who were blinded to the coronary angiographic findings. A QRS-T angle >90 degrees was considered abnormal. Results: Obstructive CAD of 2 or 3 vessels was present in 309 of 495 patients (62%) with a planar QRS-T angle >90 degrees and in 250 of 734 patients (34%) with a planar QRS-T angle <= 90 degrees. (p<0.0001). Stepwise logistic regression analyses showed that significant independent risk factors for 2- or 3-vessel CAD were age (odds ratio = 1.05), male gender (odds ratio = 1.8), black race (odds ratio = 0.34), unstable angina (odds ratio = 0.16), positive stress test (odds ratio = 3.0), hypertension (odds ratio = 3.0), dyslipidemia (odds ratio = 2.9), QRS-T angle (odds ratio = 7.2), left bundle branch block (odds ratio = 2.9), right bundle branch block (odds ratio = 0.17), smoking (odds ratio = 9.7), and body mass index >= 30 kg/m(2) (odds ratio = 1.5). Conclusions: The prevalence of 2-or 3-vessel obstructive CAD was significantly higher in patients with a planar QRS-T angle >90 degrees than in patients with a planar QRS-T angle = 90 (p<0.0001).
Association of a common TLR-6 polymorphism with coronary artery disease - implications for healthy ageing?; Background: The pro-inflammatory status of the elderly triggers most of the age-related diseases such as cancer and atherosclerosis. Atherosclerosis, the leading cause world wide of morbidity and death, is an inflammatory disease influenced by life-style and genetic host factors. Stimuli such as oxLDL or microbial ligands have been proposed to trigger inflammation leading to atherosclerosis. It has recently been shown that oxLDL activates immune cells via the Toll-like receptor (TLR) 4/6 complex. Several common single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of the TLR system have been associated with atherosclerosis. To investigate the role of TLR-6 we analyzed the association of the TLR-6 SNP Pro249Ser with atherogenesis. Results: Genotyping of two independent groups with CAD, as well as of healthy controls revealed a significant association of the homozygous genotype with a reduced risk for atherosclerosis (odds ratio: 0.69, 95% CI 0.51-0.95, P = 0.02). In addition, we found a trend towards an association with the risk of restenosis after transluminal coronary angioplasty (odds ratio: 0.53, 95% CI 0.24-1.16, P = 0.12). In addition, first evidence is presented that the frequency of this protective genotype increases in a healthy population with age. Taken together, our results define a role for TLR-6 and its genetic variations in modulating the inflammatory response leading to atherosclerosis. Conclusions: These results may lead to a better risk stratification, and potentially to an improved prophylactic treatment of high-risk populations. Furthermore, the protective effect of this polymorphism may lead to an increase of this genotype in the healthy elderly and may therefore be a novel genetic marker for the well-being during aging.
Role of inflammation and infection in vascular disease; Relationship of infection, inflammation, and atherosclerosis has been a subject of intensive investigation in recent years. Potential mechanisms whereby chronic infections may play a role in atherogenesis are myriad. Chlamydia pneumoniae (Cp) infection in early life may accelerate atherosclerosis, leading to cardiovascular complications. Other infections, simultaneously occurring with Cp, may result in a synergistic effect to promote atherosclerosis. Chronic Helicobacter pylori infection is known to increase the pH level of the gastric juice and to decrease ascorbic acid levels, both of which will lead to a reduced folate absorption. Low folate hampers the methionine synthase reaction. This leads to an increased concentration of homocysteine in the blood, resulting in damage of endothelial cells. Cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection is associated with accelerated atherosclerosis following cardiac transplantation; several studies have found that patients with a previous CMV infection had a high independent risk of restenosis after coronary angiography. Inflammatory markers are independent predictors of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events. Large population-based studies such as the study from the MONICA (MONItoring trends and determinants in CArdiovascular disease) Augsberg Center in Germany, the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study, the Women's Health Study, the Honolulu Heart Study, have also suggested the relation between the levels of CRP and risk of coronary disease. Over the past decade also another marker of inflammation has been studied; fibrinogen has been identified as an independent risk factor for CAD in several large prospective studies. All these studies suggested a new, possible role of markers of infection and inflammation beyond traditional cardiovascular risk factors, in the development and progression of atherosclerosis. However, the clinical and therapeutic implications of these results remain to be evaluated. Although antibiotic treatment of infections in CAD patients had no impact on mortality in large prospective trials, promising data is coming from smaller studies and further studies are needed to investigate the possibility to submit this category of high-risk patients to therapeutical approaches of primary prevention.
Association of RAGE polymorphisms with coronary artery disease in the Korean population; Background and objectives AGEs (advanced glycation end products)-RAGE (receptor for advanced glycation end products) interaction in vessel wall may lead to inflammation, smooth muscle cell proliferation and extracellular matrix production, culminating in exaggerated intimal hyperplasia and restenosis. WE focused on the putative association of five candidate RAGE gene polymorphisms on the risk of coronary artery disease in the Korean population. Methods A total of 1555 male patients who underwent coronary angiography were enrolled in the study; 805 patients (mean age: 53.18 +/- 9.74 years) had normal coronary artery and 750 patients (mean age: 55.73 +/- 8.31 years) had significant coronary artery disease. Among the coronary artery disease patients, 269 had single-vessel disease (35.87%), 242 had two-vessel disease (32.27%) and 239 had three-vessel disease (31.87%). The genotypes of RAGE were determined by the methods of single base extension with amplifying primers and probes for TaqMan. Genotype analysis was performed on five single nucleotide polymorphisms of the RAGE gene, namely -443T > C, -388T > A, -257G > A, +557G > A and +1704G > T. Analysis for the association with coronary artery disease was performed. Results Analysis of four single nucleotide polymorphisms, except +557G > A (G82S), with regard to the association with coronary artery disease was not significant. Only the +557 gene allele (G/A) showed significant association with coronary artery disease (coronary artery disease vs. normal; G allele: 0.87 vs. 0.84, A allele: 0.13 vs. 0.16, P = 0.0326). The +557G > A (G82S) showed strong tendency of association with coronary artery disease (coronary artery disease vs. normal; GG: 75.2 vs. 69.8%, GA: 23.2 vs. 28.6%, AA: 1.6 vs. 1.6%, P = 0.0524). The presence of AA or GA genotype, assuming codominant effect of the A allele, was independently associated with decreased risk of coronary artery disease when controlled for age, body mass index, smoking and diabetes mellitus [odds ratio = 0.749 (95% confidence interval, 0.579-0.969), P = 0.02801. Subgroup analysis demonstrated the significant protective effect of AA or GA genotype in nondiabetic patients as well [odds ratio = 0.741 (0.570-0.962), P = 0.02441. Conclusions The results of this large population study demonstrate that the AA/GA genotypes of the RAGE +557G > A polymorphism are associated with a significantly decreased risk of significant coronary artery disease. Other polymorphisms of RAGE were not significantly associated with the risk of coronary artery disease in this study population.
Comparison of the Incidences of cardiac arrhythmias, myocardial ischemia, and cardiac events in patients treated with endovascular versus open surgical repair of abdominal aortic aneurysms; This study examines differences in cardiac arrhythmias, perioperative myocardial ischemia, troponin T release, and cardiovascular events between endovascular and open repair of abdominal aortic aneurysms (AAAs). Of 175 patients, 126 underwent open AAA repair and 49 underwent endovascular AAA repair. Continuous 12-lead electrocardiographic monitoring, starting 1 day before surgery and continuing through 2 days after surgery, was used for cardiac arrhythmia and myocardial ischemia detection. Troponin T was measured on postoperative days 1, 3, and 7 and before discharge. Cardiac events (cardiac death or Q-wave myocardial infarction) were noted at 30 days and at follow-up (mean 2.3 years). New-onset atrial fibrillation, nonsustained ventricular tachycardia, sustained ventricular tachycardia, and ventricular fibrillation occurred in 5%, 17%, 2%, and 1% of patients, respectively. Myocardial ischemia, troponin T release, and 30-day and long-term cardiac events occurred in 34%, 29%, 6%, and 10% of patients, respectively. Significantly higher heart rates and less heart rate variability were observed in the open AAA repair group. Cardiac arrhythmias were less prevalent in the endovascular AAA repair group (14% vs 29%, p = 0.04). Endovascular repair was also significantly associated with less myocardial ischemia (odds ratio 0.14, 95% confidence interval 0.05 to 0.40, p <0.001) and troponin T release (odds ratio 0.10, 95% confidence interval 0.02 to 0.32, p <0.001) and lower 30-day mortality (zero vs 8.7%, p = 0.03) and 30-day cardiac event rates (zero vs 7.9%, p = 0.04). Long-term mortality and cardiac event rates were not significantly lower in the endovascular AAA repair group. In conclusion, endovascular AAA repair is associated with a lower incidence of perioperative cardiac arrhythmias, myocardial ischemia, troponin T release, cardiac events, and all-cause mortality compared with open AAA repair. (C) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
UNRECOGNIZED MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION - EPIDEMIOLOGY, CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS, AND THE PROGNOSTIC ROLE OF ANGINA-PECTORIS - THE REYKJAVIK STUDY; Objective: To evaluate the incidence, prevalence, characteristics, and prognosis associated with clinically unrecognized myocardial infarction as diagnosed by electrocardiographic changes. Design: Prospective, population-based cohort study with 4- to 20-year follow-up. Setting: Icelandic Heart Association Preventive Clinic. Participants: 9141 men residing in the Reykjavik area who were born between 1907 and 1934. Measurements: Patients were assigned to categories of coronary heart disease at first visit on the basis of hospital records, Rose chest pain questionnaire, standardized 12-lead electrocardiogram, and history and physical examination. Incidence and prevalence of unrecognized myocardial infarction were determined, survival was measured, and causes of death were determined from death certificates and autopsy records. Results: Prevalence was strongly influenced by age. Nearly undetectable in the youngest age group, it increased to more than 5% in the group aged 75 to 79 years. Incidence was almost zero up to age 40, then increased steeply to more than 300 cases per year per 100 000 persons at age 60, and decreased with age after age 65. Ten- and 15-year survival probabilities were 51% and 45%, respectively, and were similar to those for patients with recognized myocardial infarction. One third of men with unrecognized and 58% of men with recognized myocardial infarction had a history of angina pectoris (P < 0.001). Angina pectoris had a greater effect on coronary heart disease mortality in the former group than in the latter. The risk ratio for unrecognized myocardial infarction was 4.6 without angina (95% CI, 2.4 to 8.6) and 16.9 with angina (CI, 9.4 to 30.3); the risk ratio for recognized myocardial infarction was 6.3 without angina (CI, 3.7 to 10.6) and 8.5 with angina (CI, 5.8 to 12.6). Conclusion: At least one third of all myocardial infarctions were unrecognized. Prognosis and risk factor profiles for patients with recognized and unrecognized myocardial infarction were similar. Although those with unrecognized myocardial infarction were less likely than those with recognized myocardial infarction to have a history of angina pectoris, angina in these cases was usually associated with ischemic electrocardiographic changes and a poor prognosis, suggesting severe coronary heart disease.
Long-term prognostic value of the preoperative 12-lead electrocardiogram before major noncardiac surgery in coronary artery disease; Background Knowledge of the prognostic information of preoperative 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) recordings in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) undergoing noncardiac surgery is limited. Methods The prognostic information derived from the preoperative ECGs of 172 CAD patients undergoing major noncardiac surgery was analyzed to determine its predictive value for long-term outcome. Primary end point was all-cause mortality; secondary end point was major adverse cardiac events (MACE) at 2 years. Results Prevalence of ECG abnormalities was 53% for T-wave alterations; 46% for Q waves; 38% for ST deviations; and, depending on the criterion used, 2% to 19% for left ventricular hypertrophy. During follow-up, 40 (23%) patients died and 31 (18%) had MACE. After adjustment for clinical baseline findings, including current medication with beta-blockers, ST depressions (odds ratio [OR] 4.5, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.9-10.5) arid faster heart rate (HR) (OR 1.6, 95% CI 1.1-2.4, per 10 beats per minute [bpm] increase) were independent predictors of all-cause mortality. Faster HR (OR 1.7, 95% CI 1.1-2.6, per 10-bpm increase) was also an independent predictor of MACE. The predictive value of ECG variables did not change after adjustment for occurence of perioperative ischemia. Conclusion In CAD patients, the preoperative ECG contains important prognostic information and is predictive of long-term outcome independent of clinical findings and perioperative ischemia.
CLINICAL FOLLOW-UP AND PROGRESSION OF CAROTID ATHEROSCLEROSIS DETERMINED BY DUPLEX SCANNING IN PATIENTS SUFFERING FROM TIA; We investigated the clinical outcomes and the progression of the internal carotid arterial lesions of a group of patients presenting with hemispheric TIAs.  The cumulative frequency of TIAs during a mean follow-up period of 40 +/- 14 months was 14%, and no relationship was found between new TIAs and the presence of known cardiovascular risk factors or plaque characteristics as determined by duplex scanning.  With the exception of one patient who died of stroke, none of the patients developed a permanent neurologic deficit.  The cumulative death rate was 6.5%; myocardial infarction was the most common cause (3 out of 7).  Anatomic progression of plaques was determined by duplex scanning in 22% of the internal carotid arteries.  No relationship between progression of these plaques and the development of new TIAs was evident.  We conclude that, in this group of patients, TIAs do not inevitably lead to stroke and that TIAs are not predictable based on risk factors or plaques characteristics.
Antioxidants in cardiovascular health and disease: Key lessons from epidemiologic studies; The free radical theory of aging posits that oxidative stress is among the major mechanisms in aging and age-related disease, including cardiovascular disease (CVD). Numerous in vitro and animal studies have supported the role of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) oxidation in atherosclerosis. This has led to the hypothesis that antioxidants could be used as an inexpensive means of prevention and possibly, treatment of coronary artery disease, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, and other CVD-related diseases. Epidemiologic cohort studies with large numbers of men, women, and diverse populations have been largely supportive of this hypothesis. However, interventional trials have been controversial, with some positive findings, many null findings, and some suggestion of harm in certain high-risk populations. Because of the mismatch between the epidemiologic studies and the interventional trials, some researchers have advocated ending antioxidant work. Others have questioned the validity of the LDL oxidative hypothesis itself. Clearly, further research is needed to understand the reasons for the mismatch between the epidemiologic and interventional work. Recent smaller interventional studies with carefully chosen populations, such as those under high levels of oxidative stress, have yielded largely positive results. This suggests that we need more hypothesis-driven and rigorous clinical trial designs. This should help clarify the true potential utility of antioxidants in CVD and may lead to a better understanding of the role of oxidative stress in atherosclerosis. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Diagnostic Accuracy of Myocardial Perfusion Imaging With CZT Technology Systemic Review and Meta-Analysis of Comparison With Invasive Coronary Angiography; OBJECTIVES This study sought to summarize the evidence on stress myocardial perfusion imaging (MPI) using cadmium-zinc-telluride (CZT) technology for the diagnosis of obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD). The CZT cameras are newly introduced, and comparative data with the conventional Anger technology (Anger-MPI) are lacking. BACKGROUND The diagnostic accuracy of Anger-MPI for detection of angiographically significant CAD is well established; however, less evidence is available on the diagnostic accuracy of CZT-MPI. METHODS Clinical studies comparing CZT-MPI and invasive coronary angiography were systematically searched and abstracted. Calculations of diagnostic accuracy, including sensitivity, specificity, likelihood ratios, and diagnostic odds ratio, were obtained with fixed and random effects, reporting point estimates and 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS Based on our search, a total of 16 studies (N = 2,092) were included. The sensitivity of CZT-MPI was 0.84 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.78 to 0.89), whereas the specificity of 0.69 (95% CI: 0.62 to 0.76) was significantly reduced. The positive likelihood ratio was 2.73 (95% CI: 2.21 to 3.39), the negative likelihood ratio was 0.24 (95% CI: 0.17 to 0.31), and the diagnostic odds ratio was 11.93 (95% CI: 7.84 to 17.42). At subgroup and meta-regression analyses, the diagnostic accuracy between D-SPECT and Discovery cameras was similar (p = 0.711) and not impacted upon by smaller sample size studies (p = 0.573). CONCLUSIONS CZT-MPI has satisfactory sensitivity for angiographically significant CAD, but its suboptimal specificity warrants further development and research. (C) 2017 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
CARDIAC EVALUATION AND RISK REDUCTION IN PATIENTS UNDERGOING MAJOR VASCULAR OPERATIONS; Occult coronary artery disease often accompanies symptomatic peripheral vascular disease and has an important effect on survival. Most perioperative and late fatalities after peripheral vascular operations are due to cardiac causes. Noninvasive cardiac testing can identify patients at increased risk for postoperative cardiac complications, although controversy exists regarding the optimal preoperative evaluation. Risk reduction strategies for patients known to be at high risk are also controversial. Some authors advocate coronary revascularization with coronary artery bypass grafting or percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty before the vascular procedure. Others believe that the combined morbidity and mortality of 2 operations exceed those of a peripheral vascular operation performed with aggressive monitoring and medical therapy. Continuous electrocardiographic monitoring after an operation has identified silent myocardial ischemia as a powerful predictor of cardiac complications. Ongoing research is likely to provide insights into the pathogenesis of postoperative cardiac complications and may lead to specific therapeutic interventions. Few prospective studies have been done in this area, and the threshold for preoperative and postoperative intervention is unknown. I review the literature and present an algorithm to guide cardiac testing and risk reduction in patients undergoing elective vascular surgical procedures.
Prospective study of selenium levels in toenails and risk of coronary heart disease in men; Selenium is a trace mineral that plays a role in antioxidant defenses as a component of glutathione peroxidase. Epidemiologic findings on the relation of selenium status to risk of heart disease are inconsistent. Therefore, the authors investigated prospectively the association between toenail selenium levels and risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) in a case-control study nested within the Health Professionals Follow-up Study. Between 1987 and 1992, 470 CHD cases were newly diagnosed. A control matched to each case on age,smoking status, and date of toenail return was chosen. Toenail selenium levels analyzed by neutron activation were not associated with risk of total CHD after adjustment for age and smoking and other CHD risk factors (highest quintile vs. lowest: odds ratio (OR) = 0.86, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.55, 1.32; p-trend = 0.75). Selenium level was inversely associated with risk of nonfatal myocardial infarction for extreme quintiles (OR = 0.54, 95% CI: 0.31, 0.93; p-trend = 0.07), was less so for fatal CHD (OR = 0.79, 95% CI: 0.39, 1.60; p-trend = 0.61), and was directly associated with coronary revascularization procedures (OR = 2.38, 95% CI: 1.11, 5.09; p-trend = 0.02). Although these findings suggest no overall relation between selenium status and CHD, a specific protective role for myocardial infarction cannot be excluded.
Gender differences for associations between circulating levels of metals and coronary risk in the elderly; Several studies have pointed out associations between various metals and cardiovascular disease. Since cardiovascular disease prevalence is different between males and females, we investigated whether circulating levels of metals related differently to coronary risk in men and women. In the Prospective Investigation of the Vasculature in Uppsala Seniors (PIVUS) study, coronary risk was assessed by the Framingham Risk Score together with circulating blood levels of 11 different trace and heavy metals in 1016 subjects aged 70 years. Circulating levels of cadmium, copper and manganese were significantly higher in women than in men, while mercury, zinc and lead were significantly lower following adjustment for kidney function (measured by glomerular filtration rate, GFR). No significant differences between women and men were seen regarding levels of aluminium, molybdenum, cobalt, chromium and nickel. When all 11 metals were entered as independent variables together with GFR in multiple models in the Framingham Risk Score as the dependent variable, cadmium was the major determinant of the Framingham Risk Score in women (p < 0.0001. followed by zinc p = 0.03), while copper was the major determinant of the Framingham Risk Score in men (p < 0.0001, followed by inverse relations vs. aluminium p = 0.01 and nickel p = 0.01). There are gender differences in levels of metals and also regarding the association between metals and coronary risk, with cadmium levels being most important for women and copper levels for men in this elderly population. (C) 2011 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
Frequency, characteristics, and clinical significance of transient ST segment elevation in patients with acute coronary syndromes; Background Prior investigations of transient myocardial ischaemia have focused on ST depression events. Therefore, the purpose of this analysis was to determine the frequency, characteristics, and clinical significance of transient ST segment elevation in patients with acute coronary syndromes. Methods A secondary analysis from two prospective studies utilizing 12-lead ST segment monitoring was used to compare ST elevation vs ST depression events. Results Of 868 patients, 177 (20%) had 574 events (242, ST elevation; 332, ST depression). Patients with ST elevation were more likely to have single vessel coronary artery disease, whereas patients with ST depression were more likely to have triple vessel coronary artery disease. ST elevation events were of shorter duration, more often associated with chest pain, and had greater ST changes than ST depression events. There was no difference in clinical outcome between patients with ST elevation vs depression; however, those with ST events were more likely to have adverse hospital outcomes (OR, 3.67) or death (OR, 2.03) than patients without ST events. After controlling for clinical prognostic factors, transient ST events observed with continuous ST monitoring predicted hospital death independently from signs of ischaemia on the initial standard 12-lead ECG. Conclusions Transient ST elevation is nearly as prevalent as transient ST depression in patients with acute coronary syndromes. Since the vast majority of ST events are brief and otherwise clinically silent, ST segment monitoring is more efficacious in detecting ischaemic events and in predicting adverse clinical outcomes than patients' symptoms or the initial standard 12-lead ECG. (C) 2002 The European Society of Cardiology. Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Serum Copper Levels among patients of Ischaemic Heart Disease - An Experience from A Tertiary Care Hospital in Bahawalpur, Pakistan; Aim: To compare serum copper levels of the patients of coronary artery disease and healthy controls. Methods: It was a prospective, case control study. A total of 125 male participants were divided into controls (n=25), Ischaemic subjects without infarction (n=50), and Ischaemic subjects with previous or present infarction (n=50). The patients attending outpatient and indoor departments of Cardiology, BVH Bahawalpur were included in the study. The serum was analyzed for copper by atomic absorption spectrophotometery. The accepted reference range for copper in serum is 70-140 ug/dl. Results: The mean age in the ischaemic heart disease patients without infarction (Group-A) and with infarction (Group-B) was 52.1 +/- 1.22 and 50.74 +/- 1.12 years respectively. The mean age in control group was 49.36 +/- 2.01 years. Family of ischaemic heart disease and history of smoking were more common among disease groups as compared to controls. Serum copper levels were found to be significantly high in study sub-group B-2 (168.28 +/- 7.84 micrograms/dL) as compared to control group (141.12 +/- 6.43 micrograms/dL) and remaining study groups showed insignificant differences in serum copper levels. Conclusion: Increased copper level after acute myocardial infarction may be an effect of the disease rather than its cause.
Transient myocardial ischemia is an independent predictor of adverse in-hospital outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndromes treated in the telemetry unit; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine whether transient myocardial ischemia (TMI) is predictive of adverse in-hospital outcomes among patients admitted to a telemetry unit with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). DESIGN AND SETTING: The study was designed as a prospective clinical trial in a telemetry unit of a large, urban, university medical center. SAMPLE: The sample was comprised of adult patients admitted to the telemetry unit for treatment of acute myocardial infarction, unstable angina, or coronary artery disease warranting cardiac catheterization or percutaneous coronary intervention. METHODS: Continuous 12-lead electrocardiographic (ECG) ST-segment monitoring was initiated in patients admitted to the telemetry unit. TMI was defined as a change in ST amplitude of greater than or equal to 100 muV (elevation or depression) in greater than or equal to 1 ECG lead lasting greater than or equal to 60 seconds, comparing a baseline 12-lead ECG with an event ECG. Frequencies, measurements of central tendency, t test, chi(2) test, and logistic regression analysis were used for data analysis. A P value of < .05 was adopted as the critical value to determine statistical significance. RESULTS: In 237 telemetry unit patients, 39 patients (17%) had ischemia. Overall, 46% of the patients with ischemia had in-hospital complications compared with 10% of the group without ischernia (P < .001). After controlling for other predictors of adverse outcomes (eg, age, gender, Norris prognostic indicator), patients with TMI were 8.5 times more likely to have in-hospital complications (95% Cl, 3.71 to 19.71). CONCLUSION:TMI is an independent predictor of in-hospital complications among patients with ACS treated in the telemetry unit setting. Continuous 12-lead ECG ST-segment monitoring provides prognostic information for risk stratification of patients admitted to the hospital for treatment of ACS.
Upright T wave in precordial lead V1 indicates the presence of significant coronary artery disease in patients undergoing coronary angiography with otherwise unremarkable electrocardiogram; Objective. The goal of the current work was to assess the possible relationship between upright T wave in precordial lead V1 (TV1) and the occurrence of coronary artery disease (CAD) in patients undergoing coronary angiography with an otherwise unremarkable resting electrocardiogram (ECG). Methods. Twelve-lead resting ECGs of 2,468 patients who underwent coronary angiography were analyzed by independent reviewers blinded to the patients' clinical data. Patients with any condition known to affect cardiac repolarization were not eligible for inclusion. Results. Of 126 patients included in the study, 76 (60%) had at least one significant coronary artery stenosis. Significant CAD was more frequently found in patients with upright TV1 as compared to those with negative TV1 (74 vs. 43%, p = 0.001). Left circumflex (LCx) and left anterior descending (LAD) coronary artery lesions were more frequently observed in patients with upright TV1 than in those with inverted TV1. In univariate analysis, patients with upright TV1 were approx 4 times more likely to have significant CAD than those with inverted TV1 (odds ratio (OR) 3.7, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.744-7.897). In addition, in the multivariate logistic regression model, upright TV1 was an independent predictor of significant CAD (OR 4.249, 95% CI 1.594-11.328), along with previous myocardial infarction (OR 17.533, 95% CI 3.338-92.091), male gender (OR 3.020; 95% CI 1.214-7.510), and age (OR 1.061; 95% CI 1.003-1.122). Conclusion. It might be worthwhile to routinely evaluate the polarity of the T wave in lead V1 in patients with suspected CAD, since it appears to have additional risk stratification potential.
Sensitivity of routine intensive care unit surveillance for detecting myocardial ischemia; Objective: To assess the effectiveness of routine intensive care Unit surveillance compared with frequent 12-lead electrocardiogram monitoring for detecting electrocardiogram evidence suggestive of prolonged myocardial ischemia in vascular surgery patients. Design: Prospective cohort trial. Setting: Intensive care unit. Participants: We studied 149 patients undergoing elective infrainguinal or aortic vascular surgery who were admitted to the intensive care unit postoperatively. Interventions: Patients were simultaneously monitored with a 10-electrode/12-lead electrocardiogram obtained every 2 mins (criterion standard) and routine intensive care unit surveillance that included standard monitoring (five-electrode/two-lead electrocardiogram with ST segment trends and routine 12-lead electrocardiogram) and clinical assessment for detecting myocardial ischemia, The results of the criterion standard were not available to the caregivers. Measurements and Main Results: We measured the ability of routine intensive care unit surveillance to detect the first 20 mins of electrocardiogram evidence suggestive of myocardial ischemia, defined as ST segment depression or elevation of 1mm in two consecutive leads, during the first postoperative day. Seventeen patients (11%) had electrocardiogram evidence suggestive of prolonged myocardial ischemia, the majority of which occurred in leads V2-V4. The sensitivity of routine intensive care unit surveillance for detecting the first episode of electrocardiogram evidence suggestive of prolonged myocardial ischemia in a patient was 12% (95% confidence interval, 7-17%), and the specificity was 98% (95% confidence interval, 95-100%) with a positive predictive value of 40% (95% confidence interval, 32-480/6), a negative predictive value of 90% (95% confidence interval, 85-94%), a positive likelihood ratio of 6, and a negative likelihood ratio of 1. The sensitivity of routine intensive care unit surveillance for detecting all episodes was 3% (95% confidence interval, 2-3%) and the specificity 99% (95% confidence interval, 99-100%) per 20-min monitoring interval, with a positive predictive value of 17% (95% confidence interval, 16-18%), negative predictive value of 95% (95% confidence interval, 95-96%), positive likelihood ratio of 3, and negative likelihood ratio of 1. Conclusions: Routine intensive care unit surveillance has low sensitivity for detecting electrocardiogram evidence suggestive of prolonged myocardial ischemia compared with frequent 12-lead electrocardiograms. Because detecting electrocardiogram evidence suggestive of prolonged postoperative myocardial ischemia is important, physicians should consider alternative strategies to detect myocardial ischemia.
Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Stroke; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and stroke are frequent, multifactorial entities that share risk factors, and for which case-control and cross-sectional studies have shown a strong association. Stroke of respiratory centers can lead to apnea. Snoring preceding stroke, documentation of apneas immediately, prior to transient ischemic attacks, the results of autonomic studies, and the circadian pattern of stroke, suggest that untreated OSA can contribute to stroke. Although cohort studies indicate that OSA is a stroke risk factor, controversy surrounds the cost-effectiveness of the screening for and treatment of OSA once stroke has occurred. (CHEST 200.9; 136:1668-1677)
Impact of combined supine and prone myocardial perfusion imaging using an ultrafast cardiac gamma camera for detection of inferolateral coronary artery disease; Background: Although combined supine and prone acquisitions improve the detection of inferolateral obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD), the predictors of inaccurate detection of inferolateral ischemia have not been reported by using cadmium zinc telluride (CZT) myocardial perfusion imaging (MPI). Methods and results: Vasodilator stress 99mTc tetrofosmin MPI using CZT camera and coronary angiography was performed in 322 patients within an interval of 2 months. Prone MPI was performed immediately after supine MPI. Narrowing of the luminal diameter >= 75% was considered significant. The presence of an abnormality on both supine and prone images was considered significant. Combined supine and prone imaging, compared with supine-only quantification, was more specific (93% vs. 72%, respectively, p < 0.0001) and accurate (88% vs. 74%, p b 0.0001) without compromising sensitivity (82% vs. 68%, p=0.10). The area under the curve for detecting inferolateral ischemia was 0.769 (95% CI 0.705-0.833) for supine imaging and 0.802 (95% CI 0.730-0.875) for combined supine and prone imaging (p < 0.05). Multivariable analysis revealed that previous inferolateral myocardial infarction was an independent predictor of a false diagnosis (odds ratio= 3.45, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.62-7.37, p < 0.001). Conclusions: Combined supine and prone quantitative CZT MPI enhances the detection of inferolateral CAD without adversely affecting its sensitivity. However, we recommend inferolateral ischemia be monitored in patients with a history of previous inferolateral MI because previous inferolateral MI is a predictor of inaccurate diagnosis. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Real-Time Compared to Off-Line Evaluation of Segmental Wall Motion Abnormalities with Transesophageal Echocardiography Using Dobutamine Stress Testing; Objective: To compare real-time (on-line) monitoring of myocardial ischemia with transesophageal echocardiography (TEE) with off-line reviewing during a dobutamine stress test in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). Design: Prospective observational study. Setting: Tertiary care university hospital. Patients: Seventeen patients undergoing CABG. Interventions: TEE and electrocardiographic monitoring of myocardial ischemia during dobutamine stress testing. Measurements and Main Results: Sixteen of 17 patients developed myocardial ischemia as diagnosed by TEE or electrocardiographic monitoring. On-line and off-line TEE detected myocardial ischemia in 11/17 and 12/17 patients, respectively. In total, 532 myocardial segments were analyzed at baseline and at peak dobutamine dose. The concordance between on-line and off-line assessments of segmental wall motion was poor at baseline and at peak dobutamine dose (kappa = 0.28 and 0.29, respectively). The concordance for detecting myocardial ischemia (worsening in regional wall motion by >= 1 class or a biphasic response in any segment) was better between on-line and off-line analysis (kappa = 0.60). There was no agreement between ST-segment monitoring and on-line TEE (kappa = -0.27) and between 12-lead electrocardiogram and on-line TEE (-0.11). There was no agreement between ST-segment monitoring and off-line TEE (kappa = -0.15) and between 12-lead electrocardiogram and off-line TEE (kappa = -0.27). Conclusions: Only a fair agreement exists between on-line and off-line analysis of myocardial ischemia during dobutamine stress testing in patients undergoing CABG. However, TEE misses up to one third of ischemic episodes and the present observations suggest using continuous electrocardiographic methods to complement TEE monitoring. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A prospective cohort study of stroke mortality and arsenic in drinking water in Bangladeshi adults; Background: Arsenic in drinking water causes increased coronary artery disease (CAD) and death from CAD, but its association with stroke is not known. Methods: Prospective cohort study with arsenic exposure measured in well water at baseline. 61074 men and women aged 18 years or older on January 2003 were enrolled in 2003. The cohort was actively followed for an average of 7 years (421,754 person-years) through December 2010. Based on arsenic concentration the population was categorized in three groups and stroke mortality HR was compared to the referent. The risk of stroke mortality Hazard Ratio (HR) and 95% Confidence Interval was calculated in relation to arsenic exposure was estimated by Cox proportional hazard models with adjustment for potential confounders. Results: A total of 1033 people died from stroke during the follow-up period, accounting for 23% of the total deaths. Multivariable adjusted HRs (95% confidence interval) for stroke for well water arsenic concentrations <10, 10-49, and >= 50 mu g/L were 1.0 (reference), 1.20 (0.92 to 1.57), and 1.35 (1.04 to 1.75) respectively (P-trend=0.00058). For men, multivariable adjusted HRs (95%) for well water arsenic concentrations <10, 10-49, and >= 50 mu g/L were 1.0 (reference), 1.12 (0.78 to 1.60), and 1.07 (0.75 to 1.51) respectively (P-trend=0.45) and for women 1.0 (reference), 1.31 (0.87 to 1.98), and 1.72 (1.15 to 2.57) respectively (P-trend=0.00004). Conclusion: The result suggests that arsenic exposure was associated with increased stroke mortality risk in this population, and was more significant in women compared to men.
Myocardial ischemia and weaning failure in patients with coronary artery disease: An update; Objective: To determine the frequency and effects of weaning-related myocardial ischemia on weaning outcomes in patients with coronary artery disease. Design:Prospective cohort study. Setting: Medical and cardiac intensive care units of a 300-bed teaching community hospital, Measurements and Main Results: Three-lead ST segments, heart rate-systolic blood pressure products, and respiratory ratel tidal volume ratios were obtained for patients with coronary artery disease just before and during their initial trials of weaning from mechanical ventilation. ST segments were interpreted by a blinded cardiologist. Eighty-three patients with a mean age of 72.4 +/- 1.1 years (mean +/- SEM), a mean Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation II score of 16.4 +/- 0.8, and a mean duration of mechanical Ventilation of 4.6 +/- 0.9 days were studied. Eight patients showed electrocardiographic evidence of ischemia during weaning, and seven of these patients failed to be liberated on their first day of weaning. The presence of ischemia significantly increased the risk of weaning failure (risk ratio, 2.1; 95% confidence interval, 1.4-3.1), The rate-pressure product for the group as a whole increased significantly during weaning, from 11.9 +/- 0.4 to 13.5 +/- 0.5 mm Hg x beats/min x 10(3) (p < .01). The increase in rate-pressure product tended to be greater in patients who became ischemic (12.8 +/- 0.9 to 17.3 +/- 2.0 mm Hg x beats/min x 10(3)) than in patients who were not ischemic during weaning (11.8 +/- 0.4 to 13.0 +/- 0.5 mm Hg x beats/min x 10(3); p = .05), The rate/volume ratio did not change significantly during weaning, but the rate/volume ratios after both 1 min (65.6 +/- 4.6 vs. 98.0 +/- 9.4 breaths/min/L; p < .05) and 30 mins (68.6 +/- 4.3 vs. 91.1 +/- 8.9 breaths/min/L; p < .05) of unassisted breathing were lower in successful than in unsuccessful patients. Conclusion: Electrocardiographic evidence of myocardial ischemia occurs frequently and is associated with significantly increased risk of first-day weaning failure in patients with coronary artery disease.
Postoperative Cardiac Ischemia Detection by Continuous 12-Lead Electrocardiographic Monitoring in Vascular Surgery Patients: A Prospective, Observational Study; Objectives: Elderly patients undergoing vascular surgery are at major risk for perioperative cardiac complications. The authors investigated continuous electrocardiographic Holter monitoring in a postoperative setting to determine the degree of postoperative ischemic load and its possible associations with perioperative myocardial infarction. Design: A prospective, observational study. Setting: One university hospital. Participants: The study comprised 51 patients aged 65 years or older undergoing peripheral arterial surgery. Interventions: Continuous electrocardiographic monitoring with a Holier device was started postoperatively and continued for 72 hours or until discharge. Postural changes were recorded using a 3-axis accelerometer. Standard 12-lead electrocardiography, high-sensitive troponin T measurements, and an inquiry of ischemic symptoms were performed 4 times perioperatively. Measurements and Main Results: The primary outcomes were ischemic load (area under the function of ischemic ST-segment deviation and ischemic time) and perioperative myocardial infarction. During 3,262.7 patient-hours of monitoring, 17 patients (33.3%) experienced 608 transient ischemic events, all denoted by ST-segment depression. Of these 17 patients, 5 experienced perioperative myocardial infarction. The mean ischemic load in all patients was 913.2 +/- 2,797.3 mu V x minute. Ischemic load predicted perioperative myocardial infarction, with an area under receiver operating characteristics curve (95% confidence interval) of 0.87 (0.75-0.99). Ischemic changes occurred most frequently during hours 24 to 60 of monitoring. Ischemia was asymptomatic in 14 of 17 patients (82.4%). Conclusion: Postoperative myocardial ischemia was common in peripheral vascular surgery patients and may progress to perioperative myocardial infarction. Ischemic load was a good predictor of perioperative myocardial infarction. Ambulatory electrocardiographic monitoring solutions for continuous postoperative ischemia detection are warranted in the surgical ward. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Intensity of statin therapy in relation to myocardial ischemia, troponin T release, and clinical cardiac outcome in patients undergoing major vascular surgery; Objectives This study sought to examine whether higher statin doses and lower low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol are associated with improved cardiac outcome in vascular surgery patients. Background Statins may have cardioprotective effects during major vascular surgery. Methods In a prospective study of 359 vascular surgery patients, statin dose and cholesterol levels were recorded preoperatively. Myocardial ischemia and heart rate variability were assessed by 72-h 12-lead electrocardiography starting 1 day before to 2 days after surgery. Troponin T was measured on postoperative day 1, 3, 7, and before discharge. Cardiac events included cardiac death or nonfatal Q-wave myocardial infarction at 30 days and follow-up (mean 2.3 years). Results Perioperative myocardial ischemia, troponin T release, 30-day events, and late cardiac events occurred in 29%, 23%, 4%, and 18%, respectively. In multivariate analysis, lower LDL cholesterol (per 10 mg/dl) correlated with lower myocardial ischemia (odds ratio [OR] 0.87, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.80 to 0.95), troponin T release (OR 0.89, 95% Cl 0.82 to 0.96), and 30-day (OR 0.89, 95% Cl 0.78 to 1.00) and late cardiac events (hazard ratio 0.91, 95% CI 0.84 to 0.96). Higher statin doses (per 10% of maximum recommended dose) correlated with lower myocardial ischemia (OR 0.85, 95% CI 0.76 to 0.93), troponin T release (OR 0.84, 95% Cl 0.76 to 0.93), and 30-day (OR 0.62, 95% CI 0.40 to 0.96) and late cardiac events (hazard ratio 0.76, 95% CI 0.65 to 0.89), even after adjusting for LDL cholesterol. Significantly higher perioperative heart rate variability was observed in patients with higher statin doses. Conclusions Higher statin doses and lower LDL cholesterol correlate with lower perioperative myocardial ischemia, perioperative troponin T release, and 30-day and late cardiac events in major vascular surgery.
Dietary zinc intake is inversely related to subclinical atherosclerosis measured by carotid intima-media thickness; The relationship between dietary Zn intake and the risk of atherosclerosis remains unclear, and no epidemiological studies have been reported on the effects of dietary Zn intake on morphological changes in the vascular wall. We examined the relationship between dietary Zn intake and common carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) as a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis among the middle-aged and elderly populations. A cross-sectional analysis of a prospective cohort baseline study was performed with 4564 adults aged 40-89 years and free of clinical CVD. Dietary data were collected by trained interviewers using an FFQ. Common carotid IMT was measured using a B-mode ultrasound imaging technique. Subclinical atherosclerosis was determined using carotid IMT, and defined as >80th percentile of carotid IMT or >= 1 mm of carotid IMT. After adjustment for potential confounders, the mean carotid IMT in the low Zn intake group was higher than that in the high Zn intake group. When subclinical atherosclerosis was defined as >80th percentile value of IMT or >= 1 mm of carotid IMT, after adjustment for potential confounders, Zn intake was inversely related to subclinical atherosclerosis (5th v. 1st quintile, OR 0.64, 95% CI 0.45, 0.90, P for trend = 0.069; 5th v. 1st quintile, OR 0.34, 95% CI 0.16, 0.70, P for trend = 0.005, respectively). In persons free of clinical CVD, dietary Zn intake was inversely correlated with subclinical atherosclerosis. The present findings suggest a putative protective role of dietary Zn intake against the development of atherosclerosis.
SERUM COPPER AND THE RISK OF ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION - A PROSPECTIVE POPULATION STUDY IN MEN IN EASTERN FINLAND; The authors investigated the association of serum copper concentration with the risk of acute myocardial infarction in 1,666 randomly selected men aged 42, 48, 54, or 60 years who had no symptomatic ischemic heart disease at entry.  Baseline examinations in the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study in Eastern Finland were done during 1984 to 1988.  In Cox multivariate survival models adjusting for age, examination year, ischemic electrocardiogram in exercise, maximal oxygen uptake, diabetes, family history of ischemic heart disease, cigarette-years, mean systolic blood pressure, serum high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol subfraction HDL2 and low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentrations and blood leukocyte count, serum copper concentration in the two highest tertiles (1.02-1.16 mg/liter and 1.17 mg/liter or more) associated with 3.5-fold (95% confidence interval (Cl) 1.3-9.4, p < 0.05) and 4.0-fold (95 percent Cl 1.5-10.8, p < 0.01) risk of acute myocardial infarction.  These data indicate that high copper status, reflected by elevated serum copper concentration, is an independent risk factor for ischemic heart disease.
Interaction between Arsenic Exposure from Drinking Water and Genetic Polymorphisms on Cardiovascular Disease in Bangladesh: A Prospective Case-Cohort Study; BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic data on genetic susceptibility to cardiovascular effects of arsenic exposure from drinking water are limited. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether the association between well-water arsenic and cardiovascular disease (CVD) differed by 170 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in 17 genes related to arsenic metabolism, oxidative stress, inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction. METHOD: We conducted a prospective case-cohort study nested in the Health Effects of Arsenic Longitudinal Study, with a random subcohort of 1,375 subjects and 447 incident fatal and nonfatal cases of CVD. Well-water arsenic was measured in 2000 at baseline. The CVD cases, 56 of which occurred in the subcohort, included 238 coronary heart disease cases, 165 stroke cases, and 44 deaths due to other CVD identified during follow-up from 2000 to 2012. RESULTS: Of the 170 SNPs tested, multiplicative interactions between well-water arsenic and two SNPs, rs281432 in ICAM1 (p(adj) = 0.0002) and rs3176867 in VCAM1 (p(adj) = 0.035), were significant for CVD after adjustment for multiple testing. Compared with those with GC or CC genotype in rs281432 and lower well-water arsenic, the adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) for CVD was 1.82 (95% CI: 1.31, 2.54) for a 1-SD increase in well-water arsenic combined with the GG genotype, which was greater than expected given aHRs of 1.08 and 0.96 for separate effects of arsenic and the genotype alone, respectively. Similarly, the joint aHR for arsenic and the rs3176867 CC genotype was 1.34 (95% CI: 0.95, 1.87), greater than expected given aHRs for their separate effects of 1.02 and 0.84, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Associations between CVD and arsenic exposure may be modified by genetic variants related to endothelial dysfunction.
Thrombolysis in myocardial infarction in a prospective cohort of 2,515 consecutive patients: older age and longer delays lead to a lower thrombolysis rate; Objective - This prospective study sought to determine the rate of thrombolysis in myocardial infarction and the factors that influenced it in everyday practice. Methods and results - Data were prospectively collected in all patients admitted in all (48) university, community, and private hospitals in three departments in the Rhone-Alpes region in France between September I, 1993 and January 31, 1995. Data from 2,515 patients were included. Overall, 36% of the patients received thrombolysis. The decrease of the thrombolysis rate with age was very regular. The difference between men and women disappeared almost completely when age was taken into account in a bivariate analysis. Among 19 variables introduced in the logistic regression, only the following ones were significant predictors (odds ratio < I means less thrombolysis): age (odds ratio: 0.60 per decade), administrative department, type of hospital (community/tertiary: 0.74; private/tertiary: 0.58), history of myocardial infarction or of angina pectoris (0.67), location of myocardial infarction (Q wave non anterior/Q wave anterior: 0.75; non Q wave/Q wave anterior: 0.18), delay between symptoms onset and first medical intervention (0.06), history of cancer (0.47), and history of psychiatric disorder (0.38). Conclusions - In France as in other countries, the rate of thrombolysis is low. In order to increase this rate, we have to find ways to be more "aggressive" in older patients, and to precisely describe the health care pathways in order to shorten delays.
Preoperative cardiac evaluation for elective noncardiac surgery; We reviewed the approach to preoperative cardiac risk assessment, incorporating new information regarding the pathophysiologic features of perioperative myocardial ischemia and recent clinical trials. Relevant articles were identified from a MEDLINE search, followed by bibliography review of the articles identified, The multifactorial risk indexes are valuable in stratifying risks among unselected patients undergoing noncardiac surgery, but they underestimate the risks in selected groups, particularly patients with peripheral vascular disease. The preoperative evaluation of patients with coronary artery disease and risk reduction strategies for high-risk patients are considered, There are no prospective randomized clinical data comparing preoperative revascularization to intensive medical therapy and clinical decisions must be individualized, Risks particular to patients with congestive heart failure and valvular heart disease are also reviewed. Patients with congestive heart failure can undergo noncardiac surgery safely, if their cardiac disease is well-compensated. Patients with aortic stenosis have high risks, and management strategies include valve replacement, aortic valvuloplasty, and aggressive medical treatment. These modalities have not been compared prospectively, and clinical decisions must be individualized. Preoperative arrhythmias are important risk factors, although they appear to confer risk only when due to underlying heart disease. A thorough, targeted history and physical examination supplemented with judicious laboratory studies are usually sufficient to assess a patient's risk for upcoming noncardiac surgery. The clinical history should identify risk factors that predict cardiac complications, and special attention should be given to those risk factors that can be modified before surgery, New developments in perioperative medicine will likely lead to postoperative interventions to reduce silent myocardial ischemia and clinical complications.
Association of urinary metals levels with type 2 diabetes risk in coke oven workers; Background: Studies indicated that occupationally exposed to metals could result in oxidative damage and inflammation and increase cardiovascular diseases risk. However, epidemiological studies about the associations of metals exposure with diabetes risk among coke oven workers were limited. Objectives: This study aims to investigate the potential associations of 23 metals levels with the risk of diabetes among coke oven workers. Methods: The analysis was conducted in a cross-sectional study including 1493 participants. Urinary metals and urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) metabolites levels were determined by inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometer and gas chromatograph-mass spectrometer respectively. Multivariate logistic regression was used to investigate the associations of urinary metal levels with diabetes risk with adjustment for potential confounding factors including gender, age, BMI, education, smoking, drinking, physical activity, hypertension, hyperlipidemia and urinary PAHs metabolites levels. Results: Compared with the normoglycemia group, the levels of urinary copper, zinc, arsenic, selenium, molybdenum, and cadmium were significantly higher in the diabetes group (all p < 0.05). Participants with the highest tertile of urinary copper and zinc had 2.12 (95%CI: 1.12-4.01) and 5.43 (95%CI: 2.61 -11.30) fold risk of diabetes. Similar results were found for hyperglycemia risk. Besides, participants with the highest tertile of manganese, barium, and lead had 1.65(1.22-2.23), 1.60(1.19-2.16) and 1.45(1.05-1.99) fold risk of hyperglycemia when compared with the lowest tertlie. Conclusion: The results indicated that the urinary copper and zinc levels were positively associated with the risk of diabetes and hyperglycemia among coke oven workers. Urinary manganese, barium and lead levels were also associated with increased risk of hyperglycemia independently of other traditional risk factors. These findings need further validation in prospective study with larger sample size. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dobutamine stress magnetocardiography for the detection of significant coronary artery stenoses -: A prospective study in comparison with simultaneous 12-lead electrocardiography; Background: Exercise electrocardiography is an imperfect test for the detection of coronary artery disease ( CAD). Magnetocardiography detects cardiac electrical disturbances associated with myocardial ischemia. We prospectively investigated the accuracy of high-dose dobutamine stress magnetocardiography (DS-MCG) and simultaneous electrocardiography (DS-ECG) for the detection of significant CAD. Methods: 100 patients with an intermediate pre-test probability for CAD underwent DS-MCG using a multichannel magnetometer prior to invasive coronary angiography. Patients were examined at rest and during a standard dobutamine-atropine scheme. Significant reduction of epicardial current strength/density during stress, reconstructed from the magnetic field map and superposed on a virtual heart model indicates myocardial ischemia. A 12-lead DS-ECG was recorded simultaneously. Significant coronary artery stenosis was defined as >= 70% of lumen reduction. Results: Without beta-blocker all 100 patients reached the targeted heart rate. The image quality of DS-MCG and DS-ECG was sufficient for analysis in all patients. In 19 patients CAD was ruled out angiographically. Thirty two or seven patients revealed coronary artery stenoses of 30-49% or of 50-69%, respectively. In 42 patients we found significant stenoses of >= 70%. In 41 of these patients DS-MCG revealed myocardial ischemia. The sensitivity of DS-MCG and DS-ECG for the detection of significant coronary artery stenosis was 97.6% and 26.2%, the specificity of DS-MCG and DS-ECG 82.8% and 82.8%, respectively. Conclusions: DS-MCG can be performed with a standard dobutamine/atropine stress protocol. DS-MCG yields a significantly higher accuracy for the detection of significant coronary artery stenosis than DS-ECG.
Long-term urokinase treatment in end-stage coronary artery disease; Despite progress in the invasive revascularization procedures and even though conventional antianginal treatment has improved the quality of life in patients with symptomatic coronary artery disease considerably, an increasing number of patients suffers from end-stage coronary artery disease and refractory angina pectoris. For these refractory patients longterm intermittent urokinase therapy was developed as an antithrombotic intervention, which is based on its capacity to enhance thrombolysis and blood rheology and may possibly lead to plaque regression. The coronary syndrome of refractory angina pectoris is characterized by a mismatch of severe coronary insufficiency and a relatively large amount of viable myocardium as indicated by an only moderately impaired left ventricular function. Prior to initiation of long-term intermittent urokinase therapy all potential measures to improve myocardial perfusion have to be considered in each patient. These supportive measures include rigorous reduction of LDL-cholesterol, which has proven antiischemic properties due to an improved endothelial function of epicardial conductance vessels possibly resulting in an antianginal effect. Apart from the proven antiischemic properties of long-term intermittent urokinase therapy in patients with refractory angina pectoris, objective signs of ischemic myocardial heart failure improve. Follow-up studies demonstrated a significant increase of left ventricular ejection fraction as evaluated with multi-gated blood pool analysis. Furthermore, left ventricular diastolic function normalized after a treatment period of 12 weeks. As the clinical effects last well beyond the actual treatment period and as they are accompanied by a remarkable increase in the quality of life, a complex approach as this one is justified in this highly symptomatic patient group.
Coronary artery surgery: conventional coronary artery bypass grafting versus off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting; Purpose of review Coronary revascularization has become the principal treatment modality in patients with severe coronary artery disease. The broader application of percutaneous coronary interventions in patients with multivessel disease and the recent introduction of drug-eluting stents have both lead to a decline in the number of patients referred for surgical revascularization. Conventional coronary artery bypass grafting using cardiopulmonary bypass is an excellent treatment, however less invasive surgical approaches such as off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting have appeared in the past few years. The exact role of off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting is still vaguely defined and being critically evaluated. Our aim is to provide an objective review of the recent literature in regard to surgical outcomes. Recent findings A critical review of all relevant clinical series from May 2003 to May 2005 was conducted. Current prospective data suggests that both techniques have similar rates of mortality, in regard to morbidity, multiple prospective studies suggest a decrease in stroke rates for off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting. The incidence of postoperative myocardial infarction does not appear to differ between techniques, When analyzed carefully, the results presented herein seem to indicate that both techniques provide similar rates for long-term patency and freedom from surgical reintervention. Summary Coronary artery bypass grafting and off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting are both safe and beneficial in patients with multivessel coronary artery disease. It appears that elderly patients with additional co-morbid risk factors may benefit most from off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting. It has become increasingly apparent that off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting can be performed safely in reference centers.
Prevalence and distribution of coronary disease in claudicants using 12-lead precordial stress electrocardiography; Aims: to evaluate the prevalence of coronary artery disease (CAD) by means of modified stress electrocardiography in patients presenting with intermittent claudication. Methods: three hundred consecutive patients (188 male) with intermittent claudication (post-exercise ankle brachial index < 0.8), and 100 age and sex-matched controls, were assessed for CAD with resting and stress 12-lead-precordial ECG. A history of angina and previous myocardial infarction (MI) was recorded. Exclusion criteria: recent (<1 month) MI, unstable angina; prior coronary intervention; arrhythmias; conduction abnormalities; uncontrolled hypertension; heart failure, digoxin therapy, and inability to perform tests. Results: based on antecedent angina, MI and abnormal resting ECG, CAD prevalence was 47% in claudicants and 6% in controls; on 12-lead-precordial ECG stress testing, CAD prevalence was 46% (95% CI: 40.1-51.7%) in claudicants and 11% (95% CL 4.8-17.2%) in controls (both p < 0.0001). Only 67% of claudicants (n = 141) with antecedent angina, MI or an abnormal resting ECG, met the criteria of CAD on stress testing; also 28% of claudicants without antecedent angina, MI and a normal resting ECG (n = 159) had evidence of CAD. The odds ratio for CAD in claudicants was 6.9. Based on 12-lead-precordial ECG stress testing we detected the presence of: one-, two- and three-vessel disease in 14.7% (95% CL 10.6-18.7%),19% (95% CI: 14.5-23.5%) and in 12.3% (95% CI: 8.6-16%) of claudicants; and in 8,3 and 0% of controls, respectively. Conclusions: forty six percent of patients with intermittent claudication had concomitant CAD, and 31% two- or three-vessel disease. In the presence of claudication the odds ratio for CAD is 6.9 (95% CI: 3.5-13.4) and for two- or three-vessel disease 14.8. Non-invasive modified stress electrocardiography by enabling identification of those with multi-vessel CAD and thus by providing cardiac risk stratification may help bridge the gap between clinical evaluation and invasive coronary imaging.
Comparison of continuous vectorcardiography and continuous 12-lead electrocardiography of patients with unstable coronary artery disease: do they identify the same population?; Background Continuous vectorcardiography (cVCG) and continuous 12-lead electrocardiography (c12ECG) are important tools for assessing patients with unstable coronary artery disease. Objective To compare the incidences of ischemia detected by the two methods, and examine whether the patients identified belonged to the same population, with respect to various clinical variables. Methods Within a randomized prospective trial (FRISC II) including patients with unstable coronary artery disease, ST-segment monitoring was performed either by cVCG or by cl 2ECG for 24 h after admission for 1016 patients, Results cVCG and c12ECG were performed for 730 and 286 patients, respectively. Transient ischemic episodes in 253 (34.7%) patients were detected by cVCG and such episodes were detected in 91 (31.8%) patients by c12ECG. When patients in whom transient ischemic episodes had been detected by cVCG and cl 2ECG were compared, the groups were similar with respect to baseline characteristics, signs of myocardial damage (67.5 versus 70.5%), occurrence of exercise-induced ischemia (59.0 versus 60.0%), and presence of severe coronary lesions (57.0 versus 51.3%). Conclusions Results of this study suggest that these two methods identify the same high-risk population, and that these patients can be considered one group when results obtained using either system are analyzed in multicenter studies. This also implies that results concerning the occurrence of episodes of resting ischemia obtained using one system may also be applicable for the other. Coron Artery Dis 12:187-195 (C) 2001 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Comparison of a new reduced lead set ECG with the standard ECG for diagnosing cardiac arrhythmias and myocardial ischemia; In a few patients, 12-lead electrocardiograms (ECGs) derived from reduced-lead-set configurations do not match the standard ECG. Constructing an ECG from a reduced number of standard leads should minimize this problem because some of the resultant 12 leads would always include "true" standard leads. The purpose of this study was to compare the ability of a new reduced-lead-set 12-lead ECG ("interpolated" ECG) with the standard ECG to diagnose cardiac arrhythmias and acute myocardial ischemia. The interpolated ECG uses six standard electrode sites (limb leads plus V-1 and V-5), from which the remaining four precordial leads (V-2, V-3, V-4, and V-6) are constructed. Standard and interpolated ECGs were compared using data from 2 prospective clinical trials involving 649 patients evaluated for 1) chest pain in the emergency department (ischemia group, n = 509) or 2) tachycardias in the cardiac electrophysiology laboratory (arrhythmia group, n = 140). Diagnoses were identical between standard and interpolated ECGs for bundle branch and fascicular blocks, left atrial enlargement, right ventricular hypertrophy, prior inferior myocardial infarction (MI), and the distinction of ventricular tachycardia from supraventricular tachycardia with aberrant conduction. There was 99% agreement for prior anterior MI (kappa, .935, P =.000). The percent agreement for acute myocardial ischemia on the initial ECG recorded in chest-pain patients in the emergency department was 99.2% (kappa, .978, P =.000). Of the 120 patients who had ST events with continuous standard 12-lead ECG monitoring, 116 (97%) also had criteria for transient ischemia with the interpolated ECG (ie, DeltaST greater than or equal to 100 muV in greater than or equal to1 lead(s) lasting greater than or equal to1 minute(s). The interpolated 12-lead ECG is comparable to the standard ECG for diagnosing Multiple cardiac abnormalities, including wide-QRS-complex tachycardias and acute myocardial ischemia. The advantages of this FCG method are that the standard electrode sites are familiar to clinicians and that eight of the 12 leads are "true" standard leads. Hence, QRS-axis and morphology criteria for diagnosing wide-QRS-complex tachycardia and bundle branch and fascicular blocks are preserved.
Stress Cardiac MRI in Women With Myocardial Infarction and Nonobstructive Coronary Artery Disease; Background: In a prospective study, cardiac MRI (CMR) and intravascular ultrasound were performed in women with myocardial infarction (MI) and nonobstructive coronary artery disease (MINOCA). Forty participants underwent adenosine-stress CMR (sCMR). Hypothesis: Abnormal perfusion may co-localize with ischemic late gadolinium enhancement (LGE) and T2-weighted signal hyperintensity (T2+), suggesting microvascular dysfunction contributed to MI. Methods: Qualitative perfusion analysis was performed by 2 independent readers. Abnormal myocardial perfusion reserve index (MPRI) was defined as global average <= 1.84. Results: Abnormal rest perfusion was present in 10 patients (25%) and stress perfusion abnormalities in 25 (63%). Abnormal stress perfusion was not associated with LGE but tended to occur with T2+. Among patients with abnormal perfusion and LGE, the LGE pattern was ischemic in half. The locations of abnormal perfusion and LGE matched in 75%, T2+ in 100%. Abnormal stress perfusion was not associated with plaque disruption and matched in location in 63%. MPRI was abnormal in 10 patients (25%) and was not associated with LGE, T2+ or plaque disruption. Conclusions: Abnormal perfusion on sCMR is common among women with MINOCA. Abnormal perfusion usually co-localized with LGE and/or T2+ when present. Variability in LGE pattern leads to uncertainty about whether the finding of abnormal perfusion was cause or consequence of the tissue state leading to LGE. Low MPRI, possibly indicating diffuse microvascular disease, was observed with and without LGE and T2+. Multiple mechanisms may lead to abnormal perfusion on sCMR. Microvascular dysfunction may contribute to the pathogenesis of and coexist with other causes of MINOCA.
Patent Foramen Ovale-Assessment and Treatment; A Patent Foramen Ovale (PFO) is detectable in 2025% of the population. Some, but not all, case control studies have found an increased incidence of PFO in patients with cryptogenic stroke. Prospective cohort studies have failed to convincingly demonstrate a link between PFO and first stroke, and evidence linking PFO to recurrent stroke is far from compelling. The rate of recurrent stroke in medically treated patients is low, but the development of devices for PFO closure has lead to enthusiasm in some quarters to pursue a strategy of device closure. Nonrandomized studies have suggested a lower risk of recurrent events with device closure but the data are heterogeneous, and potentially prone to bias. Device implantation is associated with a risk of major adverse events of between 1.5% and 2.3%, and there is a significant rate of failure to close shunts. The results of randomized trials of device closure are keenly awaited. Migraine with aura has been linked with PFO. A recent metanalysis suggested an association, but the one prospective population study did not. The well-publicized and controversial MIST Trial is the only randomized trial of device closure in migraineurs yet published, and failed to demonstrate a convincing benefit from device closure. Other conditions such as platypnea-orthodeoxia syndrome and prevention of decompression sickness in divers, may justify device closure. Evidence for a role of PFO in the etiology of cryptogenic stroke and migraine is contradictory. It is possible that some patients might benefit from PFO closure but there is scant evidence of sufficient quality to justify routine PFO closure in either group. It is essential that ongoing randomized trials of device closure are completed.
MEASUREMENT OF HOMOCYST(E)INE IN THE PREDICTION OF ARTERIOSCLEROSIS; Homocyst(e)ine [H(e)], the sum of homocysteine, homocystine, and the homocysteine-cysteine mixed disulfide, free and protein-bound, has been shown to be associated in retrospective case control studies, and in one prospective study, with vascular disease, including coronary artery disease (CAD), cerebrovascular disease, and peripheral vascular disease. Elevated levels of homocyst(e)ine severe enough to cause homocystinuria are seen in severe nutritional deficiencies of vitamin B-12, folic acid and vitamin B-6. Rare genetic disorders of vitamin B-12 synthesis of 5'-10'-methylene tetrahydrofolate reductase, or the pyridoxal phosphate-dependent enzyme cystathionine beta-synthase may cause severe hyperhomocyst(e)inemia and homocystinuria. The clinical manifestation of these disorders are mental retardation, neurological disorders, and widespread thromboembolic phenomena, The measurement of H(e) is currently performed using high-pressure liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection. Other methods, especially mass spectroscopy, are also used. Internal standards using increasing concentrations of homocystine and acetylcysteine and several external standards are used to ensure accuracy of the assay, Milder elevations of H(e) have recently been associated with vascular disease, in both men and women. The strength of this association appears to be stronger for peripheral and cerebrovascular disease than for CAD. Nevertheless, several case control studies in Europe, Canada, and the United States have shown that H(e) levels are elevated in CAD patients compared with controls, and H(e) levels are independent of the conventional cardiovascular risk factors (age, gender, lipid and lipoprotein cholesterol levels, hypertension, or cigarette smoking). One prospective study, the Physicians' Health Study, has shown that H(e) levels are slightly but significantly higher in CAD cases vs controls in a population of US physicians, Because CAD is a major public health issue, new biochemical markers for the disease are of potential interest. Low-dose folic acid, vitamin B-6 or both are used to reduce elevated H(e) levels in affected individuals, Resistant cases may be treated with betaine. It remained to be determined in large, prospective studies, whether H(e) is an important cardiovascular risk factor and whether treatment of an elevated H(e) level will lead to a decrease in cardiovascular events and mortality.
Nitrous oxide-induced increased homocysteine concentrations are associated with increased postoperative myocardial ischemia in patients undergoing carotid endarterectomy; Nitrous oxide anesthesia causes increased postoperative plasma homocysteine levels. Acute increases in plasma homocysteine are associated with impaired endothelial function and procoagulant effects. This nitrous oxide-induced plasma homocysteine increase may therefore affect the risk of perioperative cardiovascular events. This prospective, randomized study was therefore designed to evaluate the effect of nitrous oxide anesthesia and postoperative plasma homocysteine levels on myocardial ischemia in patients undergoing carotid endarterectomy. After institutional review board approval and written informed consent, 90 ASA Class I-III patients presenting for elective carotid endarterectomy were randomized to receive general anesthesia with or without nitrous oxide. Prior to induction, on arrival in the postanesthesia care unit, and after 48 h, blood samples were obtained for homocysteine analysis. Three hours prior to induction and for 48 h postoperatively patients were monitored by a three-channel, seven-lead Holter monitor. Postoperatively in the postanesthesia care unit and at 48 h the nitrous oxide group had increased mean plasma homocysteine concentrations of 15.5 +/- 5.9 and 18.8 +/- 14.7 when compared with the nonnitrous group of 11.4 +/- 5.2 and 11.3 +/- 4.0 mu mol/L, P < 0.001. The nitrous oxide group had an increased incidence of ischemia (46% vs. 25%, P < 0.05), significantly more ischemia (63 +/- 71 vs. 40 +/- 68 min, P < 0.05), had more ischemic events (82 vs. 53, P < 0.02), and had more ischemic events lasting 30 min (23 vs. 14, P < 0.05) than the nonnitrous group. This study reconfirmed that intraoperative nitrous oxide is associated with postoperative increases in plasma homocysteine concentration. This was associated with an increase in postoperative myocardial ischemia.
Serum calcium, magnesium, copper and zinc and risk of cardiovascular death; Objective: To study the association of serum calcium, magnesium, copper and zinc concentrations with cardiovascular mortality. Design: A nested case-control study within a prospective population study. Subjects and methods: 230 men dying from cardiovascular diseases and 298 controls matched for age, place of residence, smoking and follow-up time. Mean follow-up time was 10 years. Serum calcium, magnesium, copper and zinc concentrations were determined from samples kept frozen at -20 degrees C. Results: High serum copper and low serum zinc concentrations were significantly associated with an increased mortality from all cardiovascular diseases and from coronary heart disease in particular. The relative risk of coronary heart disease mortality between the highest and lowest tertiles of serum copper and zinc were 2.86 (P = 0.03) and 0.69 (P = 0.04), respectively. Adjustment for social class, serum cholesterol, body mass index, hypertension and known heart disease at baseline examination did not materially alter the results. No significant differences were observed in concentrations of serum calcium and magnesium between cases and controls. Conclusions: High serum copper and low serum zinc are associated with increased cardiovascular mortality whereas no association was found with serum calcium and magnesium and mortality risk.
Association of Rare and Common Variation in the Lipoprotein Lipase Gene With Coronary Artery Disease; IMPORTANCE The activity of lipoprotein lipase (LPL) is the rate-determining step in clearing triglyceride-rich lipoproteins from the circulation. Mutations that damage the LPL gene (LPL) lead to lifelong deficiency in enzymatic activity and can provide insight into the relationship of LPL to human disease. OBJECTIVE To determine whether rare and/or common variants in LPL are associated with early-onset coronary artery disease (CAD). DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS In a cross-sectional study, LPL was sequenced in 10 CAD case-control cohorts of the multinational Myocardial Infarction Genetics Consortium and a nested CAD case-control cohort of the Geisinger Health System DiscovEHR cohort between 2010 and 2015. Common variants were genotyped in up to 305 699 individuals of the Global Lipids Genetics Consortium and up to 120 600 individuals of the CARDIoGRAM Exome Consortium between 2012 and 2014. Study-specific estimates were pooled via meta-analysis. EXPOSURES Rare damaging mutations in LPL included loss-of-function variants and missense variants annotated as pathogenic in a human genetics database or predicted to be damaging by computer prediction algorithms trained to identify mutations that impair protein function. Common variants in the LPL gene region included those independently associated with circulating triglyceride levels. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Circulating lipid levels and CAD. RESULTS Among 46 891 individuals with LPL gene sequencing data available, the mean (SD) age was 50 (12.6) years and 51% were female. A total of 188 participants (0.40%; 95% CI, 0.35%-0.46%) carried a damaging mutation in LPL, including 105 of 32 646 control participants (0.32%) and 83 of 14 245 participants with early-onset CAD (0.58%). Compared with 46 703 noncarriers, the 188 heterozygous carriers of an LPL damaging mutation displayed higher plasma triglyceride levels (19.6mg/dL; 95% CI, 4.6-34.6mg/dL) and higher odds of CAD (odds ratio = 1.84; 95% CI, 1.35-2.51; P < .001). An analysis of 6 common LPL variants resulted in an odds ratio for CAD of 1.51 (95% CI, 1.39-1.64; P = 1.1 x 10(-22)) per 1-SD increase in triglycerides. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE The presence of rare damaging mutations in LPL was significantly associated with higher triglyceride levels and presence of coronary artery disease. However, further research is needed to assess whether there are causal mechanisms by which heterozygous lipoprotein lipase deficiency could lead to coronary artery disease.
Evaluation of the impact of genetic polymorphisms in glutathione-related genes on the association between methylmercury or n-3 polyunsaturated long chain fatty acids and risk of myocardial infarction: a case-control study; Background: The n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, which are present in fish, are protective against myocardial infarction. However, fish also contains methylmercury, which influences the risk of myocardial infarction, possibly by generating oxidative stress. Methylmercury is metabolized by conjugation to glutathione, which facilitates elimination. Glutathione is also an antioxidant. Individuals with certain polymorphisms in glutathione-related genes may tolerate higher exposures to methylmercury, due to faster metabolism and elimination and/or better glutathione-associated antioxidative capacity. They would thus benefit more from the protective agents in fish, such as eicosapentaenoic+docosahexaenoic acid and selenium. The objective for this study was to elucidate whether genetic polymorphisms in glutathione-related genes modify the association between eicosapentaenoic+docosahexaenoic acid or methylmercury and risk of first ever myocardial infarction. Methods: Polymorphisms in glutathione-synthesizing (glutamyl-cysteine ligase catalytic subunit, GCLC and glutamyl-cysteine ligase modifier subunit, GCLM) or glutathione-conjugating (glutathione S-transferase P, GSTP1) genes were genotyped in 1027 individuals from northern Sweden (458 cases of first-ever myocardial infarction and 569 matched controls). The impact of these polymorphisms on the association between erythrocyte-mercury (proxy for methylmercury) and risk of myocardial infarction, as well as between plasma eicosapentaenoic+docosahexaenoic acid and risk of myocardial infarction, was evaluated by conditional logistic regression. The effect of erythrocyte-selenium on risk of myocardial infarction was also taken into consideration. Results: There were no strong genetic modifying effects on the association between plasma eicosapentaenoic+docosahexaenoic acid or erythrocyte-mercury and risk of myocardial infarction risk. When eicosapentaenoic+docosahexaenoic acid or erythrocyte-mercury were divided into tertiles, individuals with GCLM-588 TT genotype displayed a lower risk relative to the CC genotype in all but one tertile; in most tertiles the odds ratio was around 0.5 for TT. However, there were few TT carriers and the results were not statistically significant. The results were similar when taking plasma eicosapentaenoic+docosahexaenoic acid, erythrocyte-selenium and erythrocyte-mercury into account simultaneously. Conclusions: No statistically significant genetic modifying effects were seen for the association between plasma eicosapentaenoic+docosahexaenoic acid or erythrocyte-mercury and risk of myocardial infarction. Still, our results indicate that the relatively rare GCLM-588 TT genotype may have an impact, but a larger study is necessary for confirmation.
Association of Urinary Metal Profiles with Altered Glucose Levels and Diabetes Risk: A Population-Based Study in China; Background Elevated heavy metals and fasting plasma glucose (FPG) levels were both associated with increased risk of cardiovascular diseases. However, studies on the associations of heavy metals and essential elements with altered FPG and diabetes risk were limited or conflicting. The objective of this study was to evaluate the potential associations of heavy metals and essential trace elements with FPG and diabetes risk among general Chinese population. Methods We conducted a cross-sectional study to investigate the associations of urinary concentrations of 23 metals with FPG, impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and diabetes among 2242 community-based Chinese adults in Wuhan. We used the false discovery rate (FDR) method to correct for multiple hypothesis tests. Results After adjusting for potential confounders, urinary aluminum, titanium, cobalt, nickel, copper, zinc, selenium, rubidium, strontium, molybdenum, cadmium, antimony, barium, tungsten and lead were associated with altered FPG, IFG or diabetes risk (all P < 0.05); arsenic was only dose-dependently related to diabetes (P < 0.05). After additional adjustment for multiple testing, titanium, copper, zinc, selenium, rubidium, tungsten and lead were still significantly associated with one or more outcomes (all FDR-adjusted P < 0.05). Conclusions Our results suggest that multiple metals in urine are associated with FPG, IFG or diabetes risk. Because the cross-sectional design precludes inferences about causality, further prospective studies are warranted to validate our findings.
Markers of high fish intake are associated with decreased risk of a first myocardial infarction; High intake of fish has been associated with reduced risk of CHD. The high content of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in fish has been suggested to be a protective factor. In addition, fish is the entirely dominating source of methylmercury for the general population, and the concentration of Hg in erythrocytes (Ery-Hg) is often used as an index of fish consumption. Our aim was to study the relationships between a first-ever myocardial infarction, Ery-Hg, activity of gluthathione peroxidase in erythrocytes (Ery-GSH-Px) and plasma concentration of the n-3 PUFA eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids (P-PUFA). In a population-based prospective nested case-control study within Northern Sweden seventy-eight cases of a first-ever myocardial infarction were compared with 156 controls with respect to Ery-Hg, P-PUFA and Ery-GSH-Px. Both Ery-Hg and P-PUFA, but not Ery-GSH-Px, were significantly (P<0.0001) higher in subjects reporting high fish intake (at least one meal per week) than in those with lower intake. This finding suggests that Ery-Hg and P-PUFA reflect previous long-term fish intake. Low risk of myocardial infarction was associated with high Ery-Hg or high P-PUFA. In a multivariate model the risk of myocardial infarction was further reduced in subjects with both high Ery-Hg and high P-PUFA (odds ratio 0.16, 95 % CI 0.04, 0.65). In conclusion, there is a strong inverse association between the risk of a first myocardial infarction and the biomarkers of fish intake, Ery-Hg and P-PUFA, and this association is independent of traditional risk factors.
Arsenic exposure, null genotypes of glutathione S-transferase M1, T1 and P1 and risk of carotid atherosclerosis among residents in the Lanyang Basin of Taiwan; In order to evaluate the synergistic effects of arsenic exposure through drinking water and genetic polymorphisms of GST M1, T1, and P1 on the risk of carotid atherosclerosis, a total of 605 residents who participated physical examination of arsenic-induced health effects held in Lanyang Basin were recruited as study subjects. A standardized personal interview based on a structured questionnaire was carried out to obtain information on duration of well water consumption, sociodemographic characteristics, cigarette smoking, alcohol drinking, as well as personal and family history of hypertension, diabetes and cerebrovascular disease. Well water samples were collected during the home interview. Hydride generator combined with flame atomic absorption spectrometry was used to determine the arsenic concentration in these samples. Whole blood samples were collected and centrifuged to separate buffy coat. DNA was then purified from buffy coat and stored at -20degreesC until genotyping. PCR was used for genotyping GSTM1 and GSTT1. PCR-RFLP was also carried out to determine the genetic polymorphisms of GST P1. Intimal-medial thickness (IMT) of arterial walls was measured by B-mode real-time ultrasound as an index of atherosclerosis. Plaque score was also used as an index of atherosclerosis. Logistic regression analysis was used to estimate age-sex-adjusted odds ratio and 95% confidence interval. Age was a major risk for the development of carotid atherosclerosis, showing a significant dose-response relationship. Compared with the youngest age group, the significant odds ratios of 5.9 and 2.3 were observed for the oldest and middle age groups, respectively. Significant risk for occurrence of carotid atherosclerosis was also observed among hypertension patients with age-sex-adjusted odds ratio of 2.4. Significant age-sex-adjusted odds ratios of risk of carotid atherosclerosis were observed in exposure groups with arsenic concentration in well water greater than 50 mug/l, showing odds ratio of 2.5. Moreover, study subjects with cumulative arsenic expo. sure greater than 1.0 mg/l-year also had significant age-sex-adjusted risk of developing carotid atherosclerosis. A significant higher age-sex-adjusted odds ratio of 2.0 for the development of carotid atherosclerosis was observed among study subjects with genotypes of W/M and M/M for GSTP1 A significant dose-response relationship was observed between risk of carotid atherosclerosis and,arsenic exposure indices of arsenic concentration in well water and cumulative arsenic exposure among study Subjects with null genotype of GSTM1 T1 and with W/M or M/M genotype of GSTP1. In conclusion, a significant effect on the risk of carotid atherosclerosis was observed among study subjects with arsenic exposure and with genotypes of W/M and M/M. In addition, significant synergistic effects on the risk for development of carotid atherosclerosis were also found between arsenic exposure and various genotypes of GST M1.
Comparison of the Usefulness of N-Terminal Pro-Brain Natriuretic Peptide to Other Serum Biomarkers as an Early Predictor of ST-Segment Recovery After Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; Data on the ability of serum biomarkers to predict microvascular obstruction by ST-segment recovery after primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) is largely absent. Therefore, we determined the association between 5 serum biomarkers, obtained before emergency coronary angiography, and immediate ST-segment recovery in patients who had undergone primary PCI for ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction. We measured N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-pro-BNP), cardiac troponin T, creatinine kinase-MB fraction, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and serum creatinine from blood samples obtained through the arterial sheath at the start of primary PCI. Serial 12-lead electrocardiograms were recorded in the catheterization laboratory before arterial puncture and at the end of the PCI. ST-segment recovery was defined as incomplete if <50% Of 662 included patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction, 338 (51%) had incomplete ST-segment recovery. An elevated NT-pro-BNP level (>= 608 ng/L) was the strongest predictor of incomplete ST-segment recovery (adjusted odds ratio 2.6, 95% confidence interval 1.6 to 4.1; p <0.001) compared to other serum biomarkers and clinical predictors. An elevated NT-pro-BNP level was more strongly predictive in patients without a history of coronary artery disease or hypertension (adjusted odds ratio 4.7, 95% confidence interval 2.4 to 9.2; p <0.001). NT-pro-BNP was the best contributor to both net reclassification (0.43; p <0.001) and integrated discrimination improvement (0.04; p <0.001) when added to a multivariate model with clinical predictors of incomplete ST-segment recovery. In conclusion, NT-pro-BNP was the strongest independent predictor of ST-segment recovery at the end of primary PCI for ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction compared to the other serum biomarkers reflecting myocardial cell damage, renal function, and inflammation. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2010;105:1047-1052)
Effects of arsenic exposure and genetic polymorphisms of p53, glutathione <i>S</i>-transferase M1, T1, and P1 on the risk of carotid atherosclerosis in Taiwan; To evaluate the joint effects between genetic polymorphisms of glutathione S-transferase M1, T1, P1, and p53, and arsenic exposure through drinking well water on the risk of carotid atherosclerosis, 605 residents including 289 men and 316 women were recruited from a northeastern area of Taiwan. Carotid atherosclerosis was diagnosed by either a carotid artery intima-media thickness (IMT) of > 1.0 turn, a plaque score of >= 1, or stenosis of > 50%. A significant age- and gender-adjusted odds ratio of 3.3 for the development of carotid atherosclerosis was observed among the high-arsenic exposure group who drank well water containing arsenic at levels > 50 mu g/L. The high-arsenic exposure group with GSTP1 variant genotypes of Ile/Val and Val/Val, and with the p53 variant genotypes of Arg/Pro and Pro/Pro had 6.0- and 3.1-fold higher risks of carotid atherosclerosis, respectively. In addition, the high-arsenic exposure group with one or two variant genotypes of GSTP1 and p53 had 2.8- and 6.1-fold higher risks of carotid atherosclerosis, respectively, and showed a dose-dependent relationship. A multivariate-adjusted odds ratio of 3.4 for the risk of carotid atherosclerosis among study subjects with the two variant genotypes of GSTP1 and p53 was also found. Our study showed the joint effects on the risk of carotid atherosclerosis between the genetic polymorphisms of GSTP1 and p53, and arsenic exposure. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cardiac rupture and admission electrocardiography in acute anterior myocardial infarction: Implication of ST elevation in aVL; This study determines the usefulness of electrocardiography in the emergency room for assessing the risk of cardiac rupture after acute anterior myocardial infarction (MI). The presence of ST segment elevation on the admission 12-lead electrocardiography was evaluated in 325 consecutive anterior MI patients. A forward-stepwise logistic regression analysis for cardiac rupture was performed with the covariates of age, gender, hypertension, history of MI, reperfusion therapy by coronary angioplasty, and ST segment elevations in leads I, aVL, V1-V6. Cardiac rupture occurred in 16 patients, including 7 with left ventricular free wall rupture (FWR) and 9 with ventricular septal perforation (VSP). For FWR, ST elevation in lead aVL was the only independent predictor (odds ratio = 12.1, P = .0215). For VSP, female gender (odds ratio = 5.32, P = .0201) was the independent predictor. In conclusion, in patients with acute anterior MI, ST segment elevation in lead aVL on the admission electrocardiography is a significant risk factor for left ventricular FWR.
Platelet gene polymorphisms and cardiac risk assessment in vascular surgical patients; Background: Current perioperative cardiac risk assessment tools use historic and surgical factors to stratify patient risk. Polymorphisms in platelet glycoprotein (GP) IIIa and GPIbalpha are associated with myocardial ischemic risk in nonsurgical settings, but their relation to perioperative ischemia is unclear. The authors hypothesized that platelet genotype would be an independent predictor of postoperative myocardial ischemia and would improve risk assessment when added to clinical factors. Methods: One hundred ninety-six patients who underwent infrainguinal, abdominal aortic, or thoracoabdominal vascular surgery were evaluated for clinical and genetic factors that might predict the development of postoperative myocardial ischemia. Genomic DNA was genotyped for the Leu33Pro polymorphism of GPIIIa and the Thr145Met polymorphism of GPIbalpha. Myocardial ischemic outcome was determined by review of the medical record for cardiac death or myocardial infarction and by surveillance troponin I and automated continuous 12-lead electrocardiographic analysis. Results: Sixty-five patients (33%) experienced one or more ischemic endpoints (2% death, 5% myocardial infarction, 20% troponin+, 22% electrocardiogram+). The Pro33 (adjusted odds ratio [OR], 2.4 [95% confidence interval, 1.2-6.2]) and Met145 (OR 3.4 [1.4-9.3]) genotypes were independent predictors of composite ischemic outcome bymultivariate regression, as were diabetes mellitus (OR 4.0 [1.7-12.5]), abdominal aortic surgery (OR 4.1 [1.7-14.4]), and thoracoabdominal aortic surgery (OR 6.4 [2.7-23.8]). The addition of platelet gene polymorphisms to clinical factors improved fit (likelihood ratio testing chi-square = 13.5, P < 0.001) of an ischemia prediction model. The derived risk assessment tool had a receiver operator characteristic curve of 0.73 (0.65-0.81) compared with 0.64 (0.57-0.74) for a model excluding genetic factors (P = 0.04). A significant relation between the GPIba polymorphism and ischemic outcome remained after excluding electrocardiographic ischemia from the composite endpoint. Conclusions: Platelet polymorphisms are independent risk factors for postoperative myocardial ischemia and improve a risk prediction model when added to historic and surgical risk factors.
Neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio as an independent predictor of leftmain and/or three-vessel disease in patients with non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction; Background/Purpose: Patients with acute coronary syndrome due to leftmain and/or three-vessel disease (LM/3VD) are at the highest risk of short-and long-term adverse cardiovascular events. Neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) has been shown to predict the severity of coronary artery disease in various clinical settings, but its independent predictive value for LM/3VD has not been investigated in patients with non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI). We aimed to evaluate the independent predictive value of NLR for LM/3VD in NSTEMI patients. Methods/Materials: We performed a retrospective analysis of consecutive NSTEMI patients who underwent coronary angiography. NLR was calculated as the ratio of neutrophil to lymphocyte based on the laboratory data on admission. The primary outcome was the presence of LM/3VD. Results: In all, 396 patients were included in the final analysis. Median NLR in the entire study population was 3.43 (interquartile range, 2.12-5.51). By receiver operating characteristics curve analysis, the optimal cutoff value of NLR in predicting LM/3VD was 2.80 (area under the curve 0.60, sensitivity 73%, specificity 43%). Of the 396 patients, 244 patients (62%) had NLR >= 2.8. Patients with NLR >= 2.8 were older and had a higher prevalence of LM/3VD (30 % vs. 18%, p = 0.005). According to multivariate logistic regression analysis, NLR >= 2.8 was an independent predictor of LM/3VD after adjusting for other clinical variables including ST depression and ST elevation in lead aVR (odds ratio 1.83, 95% confidence interval 1.07-3.21, p = 0.03). Conclusion: Our study demonstrates that NLR >= 2.8 is an independent predictor of LM/3VD in patients with NSTEMI. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
IS REGRESSION OF ATHEROSCLEROSIS, ESPECIALLY CORONARY SCLEROSIS, POSSIBLE THROUGH DRUGS AND CALCIUM-ANTAGONISTS IN PARTICULAR; The feasibility of true regression of human atherosclerotic plaques (reduction in volume) through drug therapy is still debated; the increase in coronary artery diameter, especially eccentric stenoses during massive reduction of serum cholesterol, can also be due to stabilization of endothelial function and improvement of the abnormally raised basal coronary tone. Today, there are two groups of substances with antiatherosclerotic properties: lipid-lowering drugs, and calcium-entry blockers. As evidenced both from animal experiments and prospective studies in man by quantitated coronary angiography (QCA), the latter act mainly by retarding the evolution of new plaques, and possibly even of fatty streaks. In man, four studies with calcium-entry blockers so far exist, all demonstrating a significant reduction (average -46%) of new lesions (stenoses and occlusions) in previously angiographically normal segments. To what extent these favourable anatomical results will lead to an improvement of cardiac events caused by plaque rupture (unstable angina, myocardial infarction) later on is still an open question. The slow anatomical progression of coronary artery disease, as evidenced by prospective repeated QCA, calls for studies with long-term follow-ups (10 and more years) and large numbers of patients.
Enhanced susceptibility to oxidation and diminished vitamin E content of LDL from patients with stable coronary artery disease; Background: Convincing evidence points to oxidative modification of LDL as an important trigger in a complex chain of events leading to atherosclerosis. We investigated the occurrence of enhanced susceptibility of LDL to oxidation and decreased vitamin E concentration in LDL as additional risk factors promoting atherosclerosis among patients with established coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods: We examined 132 patients with angiographically confirmed CAD and compared them with 111 healthy control individuals. We measured conjugated diene production to assess susceptibility of LDL to copper-mediated oxidation. Vitamin E content of LDL was measured by HPLC. Results: The mean lag time of LDL, oxidation and LDL alpha -tocopherol/LDL-cholesterol ratio were lower in the patients with CAD (55 +/- 14 min and 2.4 +/- 1.0 mmol/ mmol) than in the controls (63 +/- 13 min and 2.9 +/- 1.1 mmol/mmol; P <0.0001 and <0.001, respectively). Multiple stepwise regression analysis demonstrated the lag time (odds ratio, 1.96; 95% confidence interval, 1.34-2.87; P <0.0001) and concentration of vitamin E in LDL (odds ratio, 1.65; 95% confidence interval, 1.16-2.33; P <0.005) as independent determinants of CAD. Significant inverse Spearman rank correlations were found between lag time (r = -0.285; P <0.001) or concentration of vitamin E in LDL (r = -0.197; P <0.002) and severity of CAD. Lag times were not significantly correlated with serum C-reactive protein or ferritin. Conclusions: Our data suggest that a short LDL oxidation lag time and a low concentration of vitamin E inLDL might be independent coronary risk factors for stable CAD in Iranian people. (C) 2001 American Association for Clinical Chemistry.
THE EFFECT OF LDL APHERESIS ON PROGRESSION OF CORONARY-ARTERY-DISEASE IN PATIENTS WITH FAMILIAL HYPERCHOLESTEROLEMIA - RESULTS OF A MULTICENTER LDL APHERESIS STUDY; This study investigated the effect of extracorporal lipid-lowering therapy by low-density lipoprotein (LDL) apheresis on coronary artery disease in a population characterized by early development and rapid progression of atherosclerosis. We treated 32 patients aged between 15 and 63 years with drug-refractory familial hypercholesterolemia, treated once a week by immune-specific LDL apheresis for 3 years in a controlled prospective and non-randomized trial; 25 patients (14 females and 11 males) completed the study. Noninvasive data were obtained by physical examination, 12-lead ECG and exercise testing. Invasive cardiological data were obtained by cardiac catheterization according to a standardized protocol in four cardiological centers. Left ventricular ejection fraction was calculated using planimetry. Coronary stenoses were measured quantitatively in 23 defined coronary segments by a panel of four investigators with an electronic digital caliper. In addition, overall coronary atherosclerosis was visually qualified. Final decisions on a classification into one of three groups (regression, no change, progression) of coronary atherosclerosis were based on panel consensus. Six cardiac events occurred throughout the study: percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty in one patient, coronary bypass grafting in three and two deaths. Statistical analysis of exercise testing yielded no significant change for maximum power and work capacity during the study period. Hemodynamic data revealed no significant change; mean ejection fraction was calculated as 65.8 +/- 15.9% at study entry and 67.0 +/- 12.7% at completion. Quantitative measurement of 111 circumscribed coronary stenoses showed a mean stenosis degree of 45 +/- 26% at entry cineangio-film and 43 +/- 22% at final cineangio-film demonstrating no significant change. Eight localized stenoses showed a regression of more than 10% and 11 stenoses a progression of more than 10%. Panel consensus decision for overall coronary atherosclerosis resulted in regression in no patients, no change in 16, questionable progression in 3, definite progression in 5, and undecided in one. We conclude that specific LDL-apheresis therapy can be used effectively for primary and secondary prevention of coronary artery disease in patients with familial hypercholesterolemia. Its beneficial effect was the prevention of further progression of coronary artery disease in the majority of the study population.
Autoantibodies against oxidatively modified LDL do not constitute a risk factor for stroke - A nested case-control study; Background and Purpose-Autoantibodies against oxidatively modified LDL have been shown to be associated with atherosclerosis. Their possible pathogenic role is not yet fully understood, and earlier published data are inconsistent. In this prospective study, we have investigated the association of these antibodies with future stroke. Methods-A prospective case-control study in which 44 725 men and women from the World Health Organization Multinational Monitoring of Trends and Determinants in Cardiovascular Disease (MONICA) project and the Vasterbotten Intervention Program (VIP) were enrolled and followed from January 1, 1985, to August 31, 1996, One hundred nineteen cases of stroke (male 75, female 44) were noted and compared with 233 age- and sex-matched controls from the same population. Antibodies against oxidatively modified LDL (copper-oxidized LDL and malonaldehyde [MDA]-LDL) were analyzed by ELISA, Results-There was no difference in the levels or in the prevalence of IgG, IEA, and IgM autoantibodies against copper-oxidized LDL or MDA-LDL between patients and controls. Risk ratios for these antibodies, when adjusted for diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and smoking habits, did not confer a risk of stroke. Serum triglycerides (1.7 versus 1.4 mmol/L, P=0.01), fasting blood sugar, and systolic and diastolic blood pressures were significantly higher in the patient group than in the control group, as was the prevalence of hypertension (51.8% versus 27.4%, P<0.0001) and diabetes mellitus (9.6% versus 0.8%, P<0.001). Conclusions-Autoantibodies against oxidatively modified LDL do not constitute a risk factor for stroke in an adult population.
A prospective evaluation of the directionality of the depression-inflammation relationship; Cross-sectional studies have found that individuals with depressive disorders or symptoms have elevated levels of inflammatory markers predictive of coronary artery disease, including interleukin-6 (IL-6) and C-reactive protein (CRP). Due to the paucity of prospective studies, however, the directionality of the depression-inflammation relationship is unclear. We evaluated the longitudinal associations between depressive symptoms and both IL-6 and CRP among 263 healthy, older men and women enrolled in the Pittsburgh Healthy Heart Project, a 6-year prospective cohort study. During the baseline and follow-up visits, participants completed the Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II) to assess depressive symptoms and underwent blood draws to quantify serum IL-6 and CRP. Path analyses revealed that baseline BDI-II (beta = 0.18, p = 0.01, Delta R-2 = 0.02) was a predictor of 6-year change in IL-6, even after adjustment for demographic, biomedical, and behavioral factors as well as other negative emotions. Of all the factors examined, only body-mass index was a stronger predictor of IL-6 change than depressive symptoms. In contrast to these results, baseline IL-6 did not predict 6-year change in BDI-II. Evidence of a weak bidirectional relationship between BDI-II and CRP was also observed; however, neither of these longitudinal associations was significant. The present findings indicate that depressive symptoms may precede and augment some inflammatory processes relevant to coronary artery disease among healthy, older adults. Therefore, our results imply that depression may lead to inflammation and that inflammation may be one of the mechanisms through which depression contributes to cardiovascular risk. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Antihypertensive treatment and the J-curve; Unlike the brain, oxygen extraction for the heart is almost maximal at rest, so lowering coronary filling pressure (DBP) below the lower limit of autoregulation with antihypertensive drugs can lead to myocardial ischemia. This situation is exacerbated by the presence of coronary stenosis, which if more than 85% means that coronary flow reserve is virtually zero (particularly in the presence of LVH). Such patients experience a fall in coronary flow and ischemia when DBP is acutely lowered to less than the mid-80s. Ischemic episodes on the 24-hour Holter monitor in treated hypertensives are often immediately preceded by a hypotensive episode. The "J-curve" debate has been going for over 20 years. Those that deny a J-curve relationship between treated DBP and myocardial infarction (MI) quote the continuous DBP/MI relationship seen in the large cohort of MRFIT screenees (with ischemic patients weeded out). However, the actual MRFIT (and similar HDFP) study patients with abnormal ECGs (ischemia or LVH), in contrast to those with normal ECGs, in the special-care group experienced an excess of coronary events associated with a DBP 5 mmHg lower than the referred-care group. Other studies, including the prospective HOT study, have indicated that ischemic hypertensives gain optimal results when DBP is lowered to the mid- to low 80s; below this level, the frequency of MI increases. This treatment-induced J-curve should not be confused with Nature's untreated J-curve, which results from the association of a low DBP (wide pulse-pressure) due to aging, noncompliant arteries, and an increasing frequency of ischemic events. A reasonable conclusion from most treatment studies (including HOT) is that in nonischemic hypertensives there is little point in lowering DBP below the mid- to low 80s in terms of MI prevention-though it is safe to do so. In contrast, ischemic hypertensives should not have their DBP lowered to less than the mid- to low 80s for fear of increasing the risk of MI.
High-sensitivity cardiac troponin T in prediction and diagnosis of myocardial infarction and long-term mortality after noncardiac surgery; Background Perioperative myocardial infarction (MI) is a serious complication after noncardiac surgery. We hypothesized that preoperative cardiac troponin T detected with a novel high-sensitivity (hs-cTnT) assay will identify patients at risk for acute MI and long-term mortality after major noncardiac surgery. Methods This was a prospective cohort study within the VINO trial (n = 608). Patients had been diagnosed with or had multiple risk factors for coronary artery disease and underwent major noncardiac surgery. Cardiac troponin I (contemporary assay) and troponin T (high-sensitivity assay) and 12-lead electrocardiograms were obtained before and immediately after surgery and on postoperative days 1, 2, and 3. Results At baseline before surgery, 599 patients (98.5%) had a detectable hs-cTnT concentration, and 247 (41%) were >14 ng/L (99th percentile). After surgery, 497 patients (82%) had a rise in hs-cTnT (median change in hs-cTnT +2.7 ng/L [interquartile range 0.7-6.8]). During the first 3 postoperative days, there were 9 patients (2.5%) with a preoperative hs-cTnT <14 ng/L with acute MI, compared with 21 patients (8.6%) with a preoperative hs-cTnT N14 ng/L (odds ratio 3.67, 95% CI 1.65-8.15). During long-term follow-up, 80 deaths occurred. The 3-year mortality rate was 11% in patients with a preoperative hs-cTnT concentration <14 ng/L compared with 25% in patients with a preoperative hs-cTnT N14 ng/L (adjusted hazard ratio 2.17, 95% CI 1.19-3.96). Conclusions In this cohort of high-risk patients, preoperative hs-cTnT concentrations were significantly associated with postoperative MI and long-term mortality after noncardiac surgery.
Metals in urine and peripheral arterial disease; Exposure to metals may promote atherosclerosis. Blood cadmium and lead were associated with peripheral arterial disease (PAD) in the 1999-2000 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). In the present study we evaluated the association between urinary levels Of cadmium, lead, barium, cobalt, cesium, molybdenum, antimony, thallium, and tungsten with PAD in a cross-sectional analysis of 790 participants greater than or equal to 40 years of age in NHANES 1999-2000. PAD was defined as a blood pressure ankle brachial index < 0.9 in at least one leg. Metals were measured in casual (spot) urine specimens by inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry. After multivariable adjustment, subjects with PAD had 36% higher levels of cadmium in urine and 49% higher levels of tungsten compared with noncases. The adjusted odds ratio for PAD comparing the 75th to the 25th percentile of the cadmium distribution was 3,05 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.97 to 9.58]; that for tungsten was 2.25 (95% CI, 0.97 to 5.24). PAD risk increased sharply at low levels of antimony and remained elevated beyond 0.1 mug/L. PAD was not associated with other metals. In conclusion, urinary cadmium, tungsten, and possibly antimony were associated with PAD in a representative sample of the U.S, population. For cadmium, these results strengthen previous findings using blood cadmium as a biomarker, and they support its role in atherosclerosis. For tungsten and antimony, these results need to be interpreted cautiously in the context of an exploratory analysis but deserve farther study. Other metals in urine were not associated with PAD at the levels found in the general population.
Cardiogoniometric parameters for detection of coronary artery disease at rest as a function of stenosis localization and distribution; Cardiogoniometry (CGM), a spatiotemporal electrocardiologic 5-lead method with automated analysis, may be useful in primary healthcare for detecting coronary artery disease (CAD) at rest. Our aim was to systematically develop a stenosis-specific parameter set for global CAD detection. In 793 consecutively admitted patients with presumed non-acute CAD, CGM data were collected prior to elective coronary angiography and analyzed retrospectively. 658 patients fulfilled the inclusion criteria, 405 had CAD verified by coronary angiography; the 253 patients with normal coronary angiograms served as the non-CAD controls. Study patients-matched for age, BMI, and gender-were angiographically assigned to 8 stenosis-specific CAD categories or to the controls. One CGM parameter possessing significance (P < .05) and the best diagnostic accuracy was matched to one CAD category. The area under the ROC curve was .80 (global CAD versus controls). A set containing 8 stenosis-specific CGM parameters described variability of R vectors and R-T angles, spatial position and potential distribution of R/T vectors, and ST/T segment alterations. Our parameter set systematically combines CAD categories into an algorithm that detects CAD globally. Prospective validation in clinical studies is ongoing.
Endothelial dysfunction in the pathogenesis of vascular accidents in cardiovascular diseases; Modern data about mechanism of endothelium contribution to onset and development of vascular failures in cardio-vascular diseases are represented in the article. Development of vascular failures - myocardial infarction, stroke, unstable angina, which lead to sudden death, can be as a result of acute vascular spasm, thrombus' forming and rupture of atherosclerotic plaque. Aim - to analyze scientific literature to summarize data about contemporary views on the role of endothelial dysfunction in the mechanisms of vascular events. Key pathogenesis mechanisms, including the role of endothelium's dysfunction, are arguable. Vascular wall defect is an important initial part of cardio-vascular pathology development - from risk factors to the death. Mechanism are multifaceted and associated with vascular tonus regulation, intactness of vascular wall, atherogenesis processes and hemostasis system. Endothelial dysfunction, determined by any pathogenic factor, leads to increased lipoproteins' permeability and disturbance of lipid-transport system in general. Functional lipid-transport system disorders are associated with blood plasma's lipolytic activity. New data about contribution of heparin deficiency in progressive endothelial dysfunction's pathogenesis along with active correction of blood reologic properties in aterogenesis are represented. Conclusions. Endothelial dysfunction in modern understanding is not only pathology of vascular wall, but a deep and complex system of disturbances and compensatory-adaptive reactions, which originates on molecular-genetic level. Study of the initial mechanisms of endothelial function dysregulation in vascular failures can be the prospective direction of modern medicine. Further researches of the primary injuring factor's nature, which causes the vascular failures, can give not only the possibility to effect on pathogenetic mechanisms of cardio-vascular diseases development, but foresee and prevent the sudden death, increase the life expectancy.
Relationship between the site of a myocardial infarction and signal-averaged electrocardiogram indices; We evaluated the relationship between the site of a myocardial infarction (MI) and signal-averaged electrocardiogram (SAECG) indices in both time-domain (TDA) and spectral turbulence (STA) analyses, and their implications in the prediction of infarct-related artery (IRA) patency, in 114 survivors of a first MI. They were divided into two groups based on MI location (57 anterior and 57 inferior). Patients with bundle branch block were not included. Fifty patients had been treated with thrombolytic therapy (TT). The STA was done in both XYZ-leads and in vector magnitude. Forty patients had an abnormal SAECG in TDA and 37 in STA, but only 22 (19%) in both (71% of agreement, kappa=0.35). Fifty-four patients (47%) had an occluded IRA. The best predictors from multivariate analysis of having an occluded IRA in the inferior MI group were: an abnormal Y-lead in STA (odds ratio 4.9; P=0.005); an abnormal RMS40 in TDA (odds ratio, 4.8; P=0.02); absence of TT (odds ratio, 9.15; P=0.001). Conversely, in I:he anterior MI group they were: an abnormal SAECG in TDA (odds ratio 6.83; P=0.005); absence of TT (odds ratio, 4.3; P=0.02). The multivariate receiver operator characteristic curves clearly showed the effect of MI location on the SAECG indices. This study suggests that the myocardial infarction site is an important factor for the variability and poor concordance between TDA and STA. Such differences may alter the predictive accuracy of SAECG. TDA and STA should be complementary methods, and the exploration in each orthogonal lead appears to be better than in vector magnitude. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Portable-type signal-averaged electrocardiography with dipyridamole to detect patients with coronary artery disease - A prospective study; Background In a retrospective study portable-type signal-averaged electrocardiography (SAECG) with dipyridamole stress was found to identify patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) at their bedside with high sensitivity and specificity, so the utility of this method was prospectively investigated in the present study. Methods and Results Standard 12-lead QRS wave SAECG was performed before and after dipyridamole stress at the bedside in 71 patients with chest pain (43 males, mean age 63 9 years). The filtered QRS duration (fQRSd) before and after dipyridamole stress was determined by multiphasic oscillation method for each of the standard 12 leads, and the maximal value of changes in fQRSd (MAX Delta fQRSd) among the 12 leads was determined. The positive test was defined as MAX Delta fQRSd >= 5 ms, and negative as MAX Delta fQRSd < 5 ms based on the previous study. Selective coronary arteriography was performed next. In the positive group (n=31), 25 patients had significant stenosis of the coronary artery and 6 did not. In the negative group (n=40), 5 patients had significant stenosis and 35 did not. The sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive accuracy and negative predictive accuracy for CAD detection by SAECG was 83%, 85%, 81% and 88%, respectively. Conclusions Dipyridamole-stress portable SAECG is useful for detecting CAD at the patient's bedside with high sensitivity and specificity.
Impact of betablockers on general and local outcome in patients hospitalized for lower extremity peripheral artery disease The COPART Registry; Lower extremity peripheral artery disease (PAD) is one manifestation of atherosclerosis. Patients with PAD have an increased rate of mortality due to concurrent coronary artery disease and hypertension. Betablockers (BB) may, therefore, be prescribed, especially in case of heart failure. However, BB safety in PAD is controversial, because of presumed peripheral hemodynamic consequences of BB that could lead to worsening of symptoms in patients with PAD. In this context, we aimed to determine the impact of BB on all-cause and cardiovascular mortality and amputation rate at 1 year after hospitalization for PAD from the COPART Registry population. This is a prospective multicenter observational study collecting data from consecutive patients hospitalized for PAD in vascular medicine departments of 4 academic hospitals in France. Patients with, either claudication, critical limb ischemia or acute lower limb ischemia related to a documented PAD were included. We compared the outcomes of patients with BB versus those without BB in their prescription list at hospital discharge. The mean age of the study population was 70.9 years, predominantly composed of males (71%). Among the 1267 patients at admission, 28% were treated by BB for hypertension, prior myocardial infarction or heart failure. During their hospital stay, 40% underwent revascularization (including bypass surgery 29% and angioplasty 74%), 17% required an amputation, and 5% died. In a multivariate analysis, only prior myocardial infarction was found associated with BB prescription with an odds ratio (OR) of 3.11, P<0.001. Conversely, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or PAD with ulcer impeded BB prescription (OR: 0.57 and 0.64, P=0.007; P=0.001, respectively). One-year overall mortality of patients with BB did not differ from those without (23% vs. 23%, P=0.95). The 1-year amputation rate did not differ either (4% vs. 6%, P=0.14). Patients hospitalized for PAD with a BB in their prescription did not worsen their outcome at 1 year compared to patients without BB. Based on these safety data, prospective study could be conducted to assess the effect of BB on long-term mortality and amputation rate in patients with mild, moderate, and severe PAD. Abbreviations: 95% CI = 95% confidence interval, ABI = ankle brachial index, ACE = angiotensin converting enzyme, ARB = angiotensin receptor blocker, BB = betablockers, CLI = critical limb ischemia, COPD = chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, LVEF = left ventricular ejection function, OR = odds ratio, PAD = peripheral artery disease.
Mercury in serum predicts low risk of death and myocardial infarction in Gothenburg women; Markers of mercury (Hg) exposure have shown both positive and negative associations with cardiovascular disease (CVD). We assessed the association between serum Hg (S-Hg) and risk of cardiovascular disease in a prospective population-based cohort, with attention to the roles of dental health and fish consumption. Total mortality, as well as morbidity and mortality from acute myocardial infarction (AMI) and stroke, was followed up for 32 years in 1,391 women (initially age 38-60), in relation to S-Hg at baseline, using Cox regression models. Potential confounders (age, socioeconomic status, serum lipids, alcohol consumption, dental health, smoking, hypertension, waist-hip ratio, and diabetes) and other covariates (e.g., fish consumption) were also considered. Hazard ratios (HR) adjusted only for age showed strong inverse associations between baseline S-Hg and total mortality [highest quartile: hazard ratio (HR) 0.76; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.59-0.97], incident AMI (HR 0.56; CI 0.34-0.93), and fatal AMI (HR 0.31; CI 0.15-0.66). Adjustment for potential confounding factors, especially dental health, had a strong impact on the risk estimates, and after adjustment, only the reduced risk of fatal AMI remained statistically significant. There was a strong inverse association between Hg exposure and CVD. Likely, reasons are confounding with good dental health (also correlated with the number of amalgam fillings in these age groups) and/or fish consumption. The results suggest potential effects of dental health and/or fish consumption on CVD that deserve attention in preventive medicine.
The role of inflammation and infection in acute coronary syndrome; Inflammatory process within the vessel wall is considered to be crucial for initiation and progression of atherosclerosis. As response to endothelial injury a focal inflammatory response arises which can lead to plaque vulnerability and rupture and a consecutive acute coronary syndrome. Systemic markers of inflammation like C-reactive proteine (CRP) or interleukin (IL) 6 are elevated in stable angina and acute coronary syndrome and are associated with future cardiovascular events even in initially healthy people. Alongside classical risk factors infectious agents like cytomegalovirus or Chlamydia pneumoniae are discussed to be involved in the local and systemic inflammatory response. Seroepidemiological studies revealed disparate results of the association between antibody titers against Chlamydia pneumoniae or cytomegalovirus and prevalence of coronary artery disease or future cardiovascular events. In animal models Chlamydia pneumoniae and cytomegalovirus increase accelerated neointimal response, however, molecular mechanisms are not entirely clear. Conclusion: Whereas local and systemic inflammatory processes play a crucial role in atherogenesis and prognosis the causal role of infection in atherogenesis remains controversial.
VENTRICULAR ENLARGEMENT AND REMODELING FOLLOWING ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION - MECHANISMS AND MANAGEMENT; Severe myocardial ischemia, when sustained, leads to a predictable sequence of events, including myocardial necrosis, expansion of the infarct, and later its replacement by scar tissue. The nonischemic tissue sustains ventricular function, but it frequently adapts to the extra load placed on it by dilating. The enlargement and remodeling of the left ventricle may lead to ventricular failure and arrhythmias. Rational management to prevent these complications includes restoration of the patency of the occluded vessel and ventricular unloading. These two interventions may be useful both early and late in the course of infarction.
Rice consumption and risk of cardiovascular disease: results from a pooled analysis of 3 US cohorts; Background: Health concerns have been raised about rice consumption, which may significantly contribute to arsenic exposure. However, little is known regarding whether habitual rice consumption is associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Objective: We examined prospectively the association of white rice and brown rice consumption with CVD risk. Design: We followed a total of 207,556 women and men [73,228 women from the Nurses' Health Study (1984-2010), 92,158 women from the Nurses' Health Study 11 (1991-2011), and 42,170 men from the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study (1986-2010)] who were free of CVD and cancer at baseline. Validated serniquantitative food-frequency questionnaires were used to assess consumption of white rice, brown rice, and other food items. Fatal and nonfatal CVD (coronary artery disease and stroke) was confirmed by medical records or self-reports. Results: During 4,393,130 person-years of follow-up, 12,391 cases of CVD were identified. After adjustment for major CVD risk factors, including demographics, lifestyle, and other dietary intakes, rice consumption was not associated with CVD risk. The multivariable-adjuted HR of developing CVD comparing >= 5 servings/wk with <1 serving/wk was 0.98 (95% CI: 0.84, 1.14) for white rice, 1.01 (0.79, 1.28) for brown rice, and 0.99 (0.90, 1.08) for total rice. To minimize the potential impact of racial difference in rice consumption, we restricted the analyses to whites only and obtained similar results: the HRs of CVD for >= 5 servings/wk compared with <1 serving/wk were 1.04 (95% CI: 0.88, 1.22) for white rice and 1.01 (0.78, 1.31) for brown rice. Conclusions: Greater habitual consumption of white rice or brown rice is not associated with CVD risk. These findings suggest that rice consumption may not pose a significant CVD risk among the U.S. population when consumed at current amounts. More prospective studies are needed to explore these associations in other populations.
Association of high body lead store with severe intracranial carotid atherosclerosis; Objective: Lead is involved in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis and hypertensive disease and may be related to cerebrovascular disease. We studied the association of body lead level with stroke subtypes and severity of cerebral atherosclerosis in order to identify the significance of lead exposure to cerebrovascular disease. Methods: From April, 2002 to March, 2005, we studied the lead level in all patients receiving digital subtraction angiography. Diameter stenosis at extracranial carotid, intracranial carotid and vertebro-basilar system was calculated according to the NASCET criteria. A blood sample and a mobilization test of 72-h urine sample were collected for lead measurement. Results: In a total of 213 subjects, 19 were free of stroke (blood lead level = 4.62 +/- 2.41 mu g/dL, body lead store = 39.04 +/- 20.91 mu g) and 194 were stroke patients (4.89 +/- 2.75 mu g/dL, 45.13 +/- 29.8 mu g; all stroke vs. non-stroke, P > 0.05). In the 153 subjects with atherosclerotic origin, body lead store but not blood lead level in the intracranial carotid system was significantly higher in >= 50% group than <50% group (blood lead: 5.61 +/- 3.02 mu g/dL vs. 4.80 +/- 2.50 mu g/dL, Student's t-test, P = 0.129; body lead store: 51.7 +/- 27.0 mu g vs. 41.9 +/- 23.5 mu g, Student's t-test, P = 0.038, multivariate logistic regression, odds ratio = 1.02, 95% Cl: 1.00-1.03, P = 0.043). However, there was no significant association between lead level and stenotic severity in extracranial and vertebrobasilar systems (P > 0.05). Conclusion: Our study demonstrated that long-term lead exposure as measured by body lead store might carry a potential risk of intracranial carotid atherosclerosis. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Drinking water and cardiovascular disease; A link between cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality and the hardness of drinking water (DW) is suggested by about 30 epidemiological studies performed worldwide in the general population since 1957. This review examines the main ecological studies, case-control studies and cohort studies, published between 1960 and 2000. Attention is paid to the problem of interpretation of this typical result of environmental epidemiology. Some studies focused on the role played by inorganic elements known as DW contaminants (mainly, As, Pb) and above all on the role of the magnesium content of DW and its cardioprotective effects. To date, it would be impossible to understand this environmental findings without large intervention studies performed in well-controlled public health programs. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Zinc Status and Risk of Cardiovascular Diseases and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus-A Systematic Review of Prospective Cohort Studies; Zinc is an essential trace element with proposed therapeutic effects in Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), however, the associations between zinc status and the prospective risks of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and Type 2 DM have not been evaluated. The current systematic review aims to determine the relationships between zinc intake or plasma/serum zinc levels and prospective incidence of CVD and Type 2 DM. Fourteen papers describing prospective cohort studies were included, reporting either CVD (n = 91,708) and/or Type 2 DM (n = 334,387) outcomes. Primary analyses from four out of five studies reported no association between zinc intake and CVD events, when adjusted for multiple variables. Higher serum zinc level was associated with lower risk of CVD in three out of five studies; pronounced effects were observed in vulnerable populations, specifically those with Type 2 DM and patients referred to coronary angiography. The limited evidence available suggests no association between zinc status and Type 2 DM risk. Further investigations into the mechanisms of zinc's action on the pathogenesis of chronic diseases and additional evidence from observational studies are required to establish a recommendation for dietary zinc in relation to the prevention of CVD and Type 2 DM.
Long term complications in single and dual chamber pacing are influenced by surgical experience and patient morbidity; Objective: To determine how short and long term complication rates after pacemaker implantation are influenced by patient morbidity, operator experience, and choice of pacing system. Design: Retrospective analysis of 1884 patients who received VVI ( n = 610), VDD ( n = 371), or DDD devices ( n = 903) between 1990 and 2001. Follow up period was 64 ( 34) months. The influence of age, sex, coronary artery disease, myocardial infarction, reduced left ventricular (LV) function, right ventricular ( RV) dilatation, atrial fibrillation, device type, and operator experience on operation time and complication rate were analysed. Results: Operation time was prolonged in patients with coronary artery disease, inferior myocardial infarction, reduced LV function, and RV dilatation. Implantation of DDD pacemakers prolonged operation time, particularly among operators with a low or medium level of experience. The overall complication rate was 4.5%. Sixty seven per cent of these complications occurred within the first three months. Complication rate was increased by age, reduced LV function, and RV dilatation. Implantation of DDD systems led to a higher complication rate ( 6.3%) than implantation of VVI ( 2.6%) or VDD pacemakers ( 3.2%). These differences were present only among operators with a low or medium level of experience. Conclusions: Operation time and complication rate increased with age, impaired LV function, and RV dilatation. Complication rates were higher with DDD than with VVI or VDD implantation and were excessive among inexperienced but not experienced operators.
Mechanisms of postprandial hyperlipidaemia - Remnants and coronary artery disease; High plasma concentrations of triglyceride-rich lipoprotein are associated with an increased risk of coronary artery disease (CAP). In the postprandial state, there is a large increase in chylomicron and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) concentrations. The accumulation of potentially atherogenic particles is controlled by the balance of their synthesis and clearance. Chylomicrons are rich in triglyceride and secreted by the intestine postprandially. Chylomicrons compete with VLDL for hydrolysis by lipoprotein lipase (LPL). This competition may cause the increase in large plasma concentration of VLDL seen in the postprandial state. Postprandial increases in atherogenic plasma lipoprotein concentrations are accentuated in insulin-resistant states. Insulin resistance is associated with greater flux of free fatty acids, which may in turn lead to enhanced synthesis of VLDL. Alimentary lipidaemia has been shown to effect changes in the coagulation cascade which may provide additional connections between postprandial lipaemia and CAD. Thus, specific postprandial changes in plasma lipids may be indicative of atherogenic risk. Measurement of postprandial plasma triglyceride concentration and the apo B-48 and apo B-100 contents in triglyceride-rich lipoprotein fractions are probably useful indicators of postprandial dyslipidaemia, but prospective studies of how these lipid variables relate to CAD progression are needed. (C) 1997 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Early exposure to toxic metals has a limited effect on blood pressure or kidney function in later childhood, rural Bangladesh; Background Chronic exposure to toxic metals such as arsenic and cadmium has been implicated in the development of kidney and cardiovascular diseases but few studies have directly measured exposure during in utero and early child development. Methods We investigated the impact of exposure to arsenic (mainly in drinking water) and cadmium (mainly in rice) during pregnancy on blood pressure and kidney function at 4.5 years of age in rural Bangladesh. The effect of arsenic exposure in infancy was also assessed. Results Within a cohort of 1887 children recruited into the MINIMat study, exposure to arsenic (maternal urinary arsenic, U-As), but not cadmium, during in utero development was associated with a minimal increase in blood pressure at 4.5 years. Each 1 mg/l increase in pregnancy U-As was associated with 3.69 mmHg (95% CI: 0.74, 6.63; P: 0.01) increase in child systolic and a 2.91 mmHg (95% CI: 0.41, 5.42; P: 0.02) increase in child diastolic blood pressure. Similarly, a 1 mg/l increase in child U-As at 18 months of age was associated with a 8.25 mmHg (95% CI: 1.37, 15.1; P: 0.02) increase in systolic blood pressure at 4.5 years. There was also a marginal inverse association between infancy U-As and glomerular filtration rate at 4.5 years (-33.4 ml/min/1.72 m(2); 95% CI: -70.2, 3.34; P: 0.08). No association was observed between early arsenic or cadmium exposure and kidney volume at 4.5 years assessed by ultrasound. Conclusions These modest effect sizes provide some evidence that arsenic exposure in early life has long-term consequences for blood pressure and maybe kidney function.
Plasma asymmetric dimethylarginine level and extent of lesion at coronary angiography; Background Given that the endogenous nitric oxide synthase inhibitor, asymmetric dimethylarginine, can decrease nitric oxide bioavailability and lead to atherosclerosis, its concentration can be a good predictor for coronary artery disease. In this study, we investigated the relationship of plasma asymmetric dimethylarginine concentration with lesion distribution and severity at coronary artery angiography. Method Ninety-eight patients with stable angina were enrolled prospectively. We divided the patients into two groups. Group I (n=37) included the patients with normal coronary arteries. All the other patients were included in group 11 (n=61). We calculated coronary atherosclerotic score and coronary vessel score. Plasma asymmetric dimethylarginine, L-arginine and symmetric dimethylarginine concentrations were measured and L-arginine/asymmetric dimethylarginine ratio was calculated. Results Plasma L-arginine and symmetric dimethylarginine concentrations did not differ in the two groups. The plasma asymmetric dimethylarginine level, however, was higher in group I I patients than in group I patients (0.43 +/- 0.26 vs. 0.59 +/- 0.28 mu mol/l, P=0.004) and L-arginine/asymmetric dimethylarginine ratio was lower in group 11 patients than in group I patients (262.0 +/- 186.4 vs. 176.6 +/- 139.8, P=0.019). Asymmetric dimethylarginine was positively correlated with the coronary atherosclerotic score (r(S)=0.273, P=0.006). Moreover, asymmetric dimethylarginine was an important predictor of angiographically defined coronary artery disease (odds ratio=14.42, P=0.004). Conclusion Our findings support the hypothesis that the plasma asymmetric dimethylarginine concentration may be a good indicator of predicting coronary artery disease.
Hypothesis: Cadmium Explains, in Part, Why Smoking Increases the Risk of Cardiovascular Disease; Introduction: Cigarette smoking is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease via acute and chronic mechanisms, some of which remain unclear. One plausible but untested hypothesis concerns cadmium (Cd), a component of cigarette smoke, which is injurious to vascular endothelial cells and is independently associated with cardiovascular disease. To contribute to the formulation of this hypothesis, we performed a meta-analysis of the available data that consisted of cross-sectional studies useful to formulate but not test hypotheses. Methods: PubMed and Google Scholar were searched by combining the terms smoking, Cd, correlation, blood, human, and tobacco. Following abstract review, 10 cross-sectional studies were identified. We compared serum Cd levels between smokers and nonsmokers using standardized mean differences (SMDs) as well as correlation coefficients between smoking and Cd. Results: The estimated overall random effects SMD in Cd between smokers and nonsmokers was 1.13 (95% confidence interval [CI], .70-1.56) with significant heterogeneity (Q = 8.6, P < .001). The estimated overall random effects correlation coefficient between smoking and Cd was .54 (95% CI, .30-.72) with significant heterogeneity (Q = 71.3, P < .01). Conclusions: Despite major inherent limitations of meta-analyses of cross-sectional studies, we believe that the data contribute to the formulation of the hypothesis that Cd explains, in part, why smokers have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Further research, including analytic studies designed a priori are necessary to test the hypothesis.
RISK-FACTORS FOR CEREBROVASCULAR-DISEASE AS CORRELATES OF COGNITIVE FUNCTION IN A STROKE-FREE COHORT; We investigated the relationship between risk factors for cerebrovascular disease and cognitive function in 249 stroke-free community volunteers (age, 70.8 +/- 6.7 years; education, 12.3 +/- 4.6 years) who were given tests of memory, language, visuospatial, abstract reasoning, and attentional skills. Using logistic regression analyses, we examined hypertension, diabetes mellitus, myocardial infarction, angina, hypercholesterolemia, and cigarette smoking as potential correlates of performance within these cognitive domains. Controlling for demographic factors within the logistic models, diabetes mellitus was a significant independent correlate of abstract reasoning deficits (odds ratio, 10.9; 95% confidence interval, 2.2 to 54.9) and visuospatial dysfunction (odds ratio, 3.5; confidence interval, 1.2 to 10.7), while hypercholesterolemia was a significant independent correlate of memory dysfunction (odds ratio, 3.0; confidence interval, 1.4 to 6.6). Prolonged exposure to vascular risk factors such as diabetes mellitus and hypercholesterolemia may lead to atherosclerotic disease, possibly resulting in ''silent'' infarctions or impaired cerebral blood flow and a decline in cognitive functioning.
Out-of-hospital cardiac arrest survivors sent for emergency angiography: a clinical score for predicting acute myocardial infarction; Background: Out-of-hospital cardiac arrest (OHCA) remains a major public health issue. Emergency coronary angiography and percutaneous coronary intervention might improve survival, especially when cardiac arrest is caused by acute myocardial infarction (AMI). However, identifying patients with AMI after OHCA remains challenging. The aim of this study was to determine the clinical and ECG criteria in OHCA that may help to identify better the patients with AMI. Methods: Consecutive OHCA patients who underwent emergency coronary angiography in our centre between 2009 and 2013 were included in this retrospective single-centre observational study. Results: A total of 177 patients with complete datasets were included. Significant coronary artery disease was found in 71% of the patients, and 43% presented with AMI. The independent predictors of AMI were ST elevation in any lead including aVR (odds ratio (OR) 18.06; 95% confidence interval (CI) 6.6-49.38), chest pain before cardiac arrest (OR 4.05; 95% CI 1.55-10.54) and an initial shockable rhythm (OR 2.99; 95% CI 1.34-6.45). An additive score that included these three predictors yielded a sensitivity and a specificity for detecting AMI of 93% and 63%, respectively. Conclusions: These data suggest that fewer than half of patients with OHCA undergoing emergency coronary angiography present with AMI. The identification of OHCA patients with AMI might be improved by a simple score using post-resuscitation ECG and simple clinical criteria.
ST-depression with negative T waves in leads V<sub>4</sub>-V<sub>5</sub> -: A marker of severe coronary artery disease in non-ST elevation acute coronary syndrome:: A prospective study of angina at rest, with troponin, clinical, electrocardiographic, and angiographic correlation; Background: The significance of ST-segment depression in acute coronary syndrome has been the subject of debate for many decades. Studies indicate that different manifestations of ST/T changes may have significantly different prognostic implications. Methods and Results: We studied the correlation of ST/T changes in 12-lead electrocardiography recorded during pain, to clinical and angiographic findings and in-hospital prognosis, in patients with non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome and elevated troponin levels. Fifty consecutive patients could be differentiated into two groups: (1) 25 patients with ST-segment depression and a negative T wave maximally in leads V4-5, (2) 25 patients with ST-segment depression and a positive T wave in the precordial lead with maximal ST-segment depression. Patients in group I had significantly more often left main or left main equivalent coronary artery disease; 76% versus 8% (P < 0.001), heart failure; 40% versus 4% (P = 0.005), and higher in-hospital mortality; 24% versus 0% (P = 0.02), than patients in group II. The troponin levels did not differ significantly between the groups. Conclusions: In patients with non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome and elevated troponin levels two subgroups could be identified. Transient ST-segment depression and a negative T wave maximally in leads V4-5 during anginal pain predicts left main, left main equivalent, or severe three-vessel coronary artery disease with high sensitivity and specificity. In patients with ST-segment depression and a positive T wave, there is a high probability of one-vessel disease.
Designing prehospital ECG systems for acute coronary syndromes. Lessons learned from clinical trials involving 12-lead ST-segment monitoring; Background: Clinical trials in prehospital electrocardiography have focused primarily on ST elevation myocardial infarction (STEM[). The aims of this study were to determine, in patients presenting to the emergency department with acute coronary syndrome (ACS), the (1) relative frequency of various ACS types and (2) sensitivity of conventional ST-T criteria for diagnosing ischemia in non-STEM] or unstable angina. Methods: A secondary analysis was conducted using data from prospective trials involving 12-lead ST monitoring. Results: Of 968 patients with ACS, 120 (12%) were STEMI, 289 (30%) were non-STEMI, and 559 (58%) were unstable angina. Conventional electrocardiogram (ECG) criteria were insensitive (sensitivity, 20%) for detecting ischemia in patients with non-STEMI or unstable angina. There was no ischemia on the initial ECG in 85 patients who had subsequent events with ST monitoring. Conclusion: Non-STEMI and unstable angina are the most prevalent types of ACS. The initial ECG is insensitive for detecting ischemia in this population. Transient myocardial ischemia detected with ST monitoring commonly occurs in patients without ischemia on the initial ECG. ST monitoring should be considered in designing prehospital ECG systems. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Predictors of Ventricular Fibrillation at Reperfusion in Patients With Acute ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction Treated by Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; Ventricular fibrillation (VF) during reperfiision (rVF) in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) is an infrequent but serious event that complicates coronary interventions. The aim of this study was to analyze clinical predictors of rVF in an unselected population of patients with STEMI treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Consecutive patients with STEMI admitted to a tertiary care hospital for primary PCI from 2007 to 2012 were retrospectively assessed for the presence of rVF. Admission electrocardiograms, stored in a digital format, were analyzed for a maximal ST-segment elevation in a single lead and the sum of ST-segment deviations in all leads. Clinical, electrocardiographic, and angiographic characteristics were tested for associations with rVF using logistic regression analysis. Among 3,724 patients with STEMI admitted from 2007 to 2012, 71 (1.9%) had rVF. In univariate analysis, history of myocardial infarction, aspirin and beta-blocker use, VF before PCI, left main coronary artery disease, inferior myocardial infarction localization, symptom-to-balloon time <360 minutes, maximal ST-segment elevation in a single lead >300 mu V, and sum of ST-segment deviations in all leads >1,500 RV were associated with increased risk for rVF. In a multivariate analysis, sum of ST-segment deviations in all leads >1500 mu V (odds ratio 3.7,95% confidence interval 1.45 to 9.41, p = 0.006) before PCI remained an independent predictor of rVF. In-hospital mortality was 18.3% in the rVF group and 3.3% in the group without VF (p <0.001), but rVF was not an independent predictor of in-hospital death. In conclusion, the magnitude of ST-segment elevation before PCI for STEMI independently predicts rVF and should be considered in periprocedural arrhythmic risk assessment. Despite higher in-hospital mortality in patients with rVF, rVF itself has no independent prognostic value for prognosis. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Triggering of cardiac events by sexual activity: Findings from a case-crossover analysis; Although anecdotal reports have suggested that sexual activity increases the risk of acute myocardial infarction (MI), controlled studies to evaluate the magnitude of this risk have only recently been conducted. Using on epidemiologic technique celled the case-crossover method, the Myocardial Infarction Onset Study (MIOS) has provided quantitative data on sexual activity as a trigger of MI onset. Sexual activity was found to double the relative risk of acute MI in healthy individuals and patients with a prior history of angina or MI, However, the absolute risk of sexually triggered MI remains extremely low, because the baseline risk of MI is low for most individuals and the increased risk due to sexual activity is transient. Regular exercise also was found to reduce the risk of MI by sexual activity. Given that >12 million people in the United States have coronary artery disease, these findings should be more widely disseminated to reassure patients that, in most cases, sexual activity carries little risk of causing a cardiac event. In the future, advances in research on the triggering of MI ore likely to yield new approaches to the prevention of cardiovascular events through prospective identification of the vulnerable plaques that lead to coronary thrombosis, and prophylactic measures to sever the link between triggers and their potentially disastrous consequences. (C) 2000 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
Association of monocyte count on admission with angiographic no-reflow after primary percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction; Background: The no-reflow phenomenon during primary percutaneous coronary intervention (pPCI) in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) can lead to poor outcomes. It has been shown that the monocytes may be involved in the pathogenesis of coronary artery disease and associated with high risk of myocardial infarction. Aim: To assess the relation between admission monocyte count and angiographic no-reflow after pPCI. Methods: A total of 236 patients with acute STEMI, who underwent pPCI, were enrolled. The patients were divided into two groups (no-reflow and normal reflow) based on post-pPCI Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) flow grade. No reflow was defined as TIMI flow grades <= 2, and normal reflow was defined as TIMI 3 flow grade. The monocyte count and other laboratory parameters were measured on admission before pPCI. Results: There were 43 (18.2%) patients in the no-reflow group and 193 (81.8%) patients in the normal-reflow group. Patients with no-reflow had significantly higher admission monocyte count (0.76 +/- 0.48 x 10(9)/L vs. 0.55 +/- 0.29 x 10(9)/L, p = 0.004). Also, white blood cell and neutrophil counts were significantly higher while haemoglobin was significantly lower in the no-reflow group. In multivariate analysis, monocyte count remained an independent predictor of angiographic no-reflow phenomenon (odds ratio [OR] 2.665, 95% confidence interwal [CI] 1.102-6.445, p = 0.030) together with low haemoglobin concentration (OR 0.978, 95% CI 0.961-0.995, p = 0.013). Conclusions: Monocyte count on admission and low haemoglobin concentration were independent clinical predictors of no-reflow following pPCI in patients with STEMI. Our findings suggest that admission monocyte count may be available for early risk stratification of no-reflow after pPCI and might allow the improvement of strategies to prevent this phenomenon.
GT-repeat polymorphism in the heme oxygenase-1 gene promoter is associated with cardiovascular mortality risk in an arsenic-exposed population in northeastern Taiwan; Inorganic arsenic has been associated with increased risk of atherosclerotic vascular disease and mortality in humans. A functional GT-repeat polymorphism in the heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) gene promoter is inversely correlated with the development of coronary artery disease and restenosis after clinical angioplasty. The relationship of HO-1 genotype with arsenic-associated cardiovascular disease has not been studied. In this study, we evaluated the relationship between the HO-1 GT-repeat polymorphism and cardiovascular mortality in an arsenic-exposed population. A total of 504 study participants were followed up fora median of 10.7 years for occurrence of cardiovascular deaths (coronary heart disease, cerebrovascular disease, and peripheral arterial disease). Cardiovascular risk factors and DNA samples for determination of HO-1 GT repeats were obtained at recruitment. GT repeats variants were grouped into the S (<27 repeats) or L allele (>= 27 repeats). Relative mortality risk was estimated using Cox regression analysis, adjusted for competing risk of cancer and other causes. For the L/L, L/S, and S/S genotype groups, the crude mortalities for cardiovascular disease were 8.42, 3.10, and 2.85 cases/1000 person-years, respectively. After adjusting for conventional cardiovascular risk factors and competing risk of cancer and other causes, carriers with class S allele (L/S or S/S genotypes) had a significantly reduced risk of cardiovascular mortality compared to non-carriers (L/L genotype) [OR, 0.38: 95% CI, 0.16-0.90]. In contrast, no significant association was observed between HO-1 genotype and cancer mortality or mortality from other causes. Shorter (GT)n repeats in the HO-1 gene promoter may confer protective effects against cardiovascular mortality related to arsenic exposure. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Risk Prediction Measures for Case-Cohort and Nested Case-Control Designs: An Application to Cardiovascular Disease; Case-cohort and nested case-control designs are often used to select an appropriate subsample of individuals from prospective cohort studies. Despite the great attention that has been given to the calculation of association estimators, no formal methods have been described for estimating risk prediction measures from these 2 sampling designs. Using real data from the Swedish Twin Registry (2004-2009), the authors sampled unstratified and stratified (matched) case-cohort and nested case-control subsamples and compared them with the full cohort (as "gold standard"). The real biomarker (high density lipoprotein cholesterol) and simulated biomarkers (BIO1 and BIO2) were studied in terms of association with cardiovascular disease, individual risk of cardiovascular disease at 3 years, and main prediction metrics. Overall, stratification improved efficiency, with stratified case-cohort designs being comparable to matched nested case-control designs. Individual risks and prediction measures calculated by using case-cohort and nested case-control designs after appropriate reweighting could be assessed with good efficiency, except for the finely matched nested case-control design, where matching variables could not be included in the individual risk estimation. In conclusion, the authors have shown that case-cohort and nested case-control designs can be used in settings where the research aim is to evaluate the prediction ability of new markers and that matching strategies for nested case-control designs may lead to biased prediction measures.
Myocardial infarction risk in relation to zinc concentration in toenails; Zn is an essential mineral. The role of Zn in atherosclerosis is not clear. Epidemiological studies, which have reported contradictory results, are limited by the use of serum Zn levels as a marker of intake. We assessed the association of toenail Zn, which integrates dietary Zn intake over 3 to 12 months, with the risk of a first myocardial infarction. Toenail Zn concentrations were determined by neutron activation analysis in the European multi-centre case-control study on antioxidants, myocardial infarction and breast cancer. This multi-centre case-control study included 684 cases and 724 controls from eight European countries and Israel. Toenail Zn levels of controls (adjusted for age and study centre) were positively associated with age, alpha-tocopherol and Se, but not with additional dietary variables or with classical risk factors for CHD. Average toenail Zn was 106.0 mg/kg in cases (95 % CI 103.1, 108.9) and 107.5 mg/kg in controls (95 % CI 104.5, 110.7). After controlling for cardiovascular risk factors and for centre, the adjusted odds ratios of myocardial infarction for quintiles 2-5 of toenail Zn with respect to the first quintile were 0.97 (95 % CI 0.59, 1.58), 1.15 (95 % CI 0.72, 1.85), 0.91 (95 % CI 0.56, 1.50), and 0.85 (95 % CI 0.52, 1.39). The P for trend was 0.45. In conclusion toenail Zn levels (reflecting long-term dietary intake) were not significantly associated with acute myocardial infarction.
Prevalence of coronary artery disease and its relationship to lipids in a selected population in south India - The Chennai Urban Population Study (CUPS no. 5); OBJECTIVES The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence and risk factors for coronary artery disease (CAD) in a native urban South Indian population. BACKGROUND High prevalence rates of premature CAD have been reported in migrant Asian Indians. There are very few studies on CAD in native Indians living in the Indian subcontinent. METHODS The Chennai Urban Population Study (CUPS) is an epidemiological study involving two residential areas in Chennai in South India. Of the total of 1,399 eligible subjects (age greater than or equal to 20 years), 1,262 (90.2%) participated in the study. All the study subjects underwent a glucose tolerance test and were categorized as having normal glucose tolerance (NGT), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or diabetes. Twelve-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) was performed in 1,175 individuals (84%). Coronary artery disease was diagnosed based on previous medical history or Minnesota coding of ECGs. RESULTS The overall prevalence rate of CAD is 11.0% (age standardized, 9.0%). The prevalence rates of CAD were 9.1%, 14.9% and 21.4% in those with NGT, IGT and diabetes, respectively. Prevalence of CAD increased with an increase in total cholesterol (trend chi-square: 26.2, p < 0.001), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (trend chi-square: 24.5, p < 0.001), triglycerides (trend chi-square: 9.96, p = 0.002) and total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein ratio (trend chi-square: 6.14, p = 0.0132). Multiple logistic regression analysis identified age (odds ratio [OR]: 1.05, p < 0.001) and LDL cholesterol (OR: 1.009, p = 0.051) as the risk factors for CAD. CONCLUSIONS The prevalence of CAD is rising rapidly in urban India. Lifestyle changes and aggressive control of risk factors are urgently needed to reverse this trend. (C) 2001 by the American College of Cardiology.
Lead levels and ischemic heart disease in a prospective study of middle-aged and elderly men: the VA normative aging study; BACKGROUND: Lead exposure has been associated with higher blood pressure, hypertension, electrocardiogram abnormalities, and increased mortality from circulatory causes. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the association between bone lead-a more accurate biomarker of chronic lead exposure than blood lead-and risk for future ischemic heart disease (IHD). METHODS: In a prospective cohort study (VA Normative Aging Study), 837 men who underwent blood or bone lead measurements at baseline were followed-up for an ischernic heart disease event between I September 1991 and 31 December 2001. IHID was defined as either a diagnosis of myocardial infarction or angina pectoris that was confirmed by a cardiologist. Events of fatal myocardial infarction were assessed from death certificates. RESULTS: An IHD event occurred in 83 cases (70 nonfatal and 13 fatal). The mean blood, tibia, and patella lead levels were higher in IHID cases than in noneases. In multivariate Cox-proportional hazards models, one standard deviation increase in blood lead level was associated with a 1.27 (95% confidence interval, 1.01-1.59) fold greater risk for ischemic heart disease. Similarly, a one standard deviation increase in patella and tibia lead levels was associated with greater risk for IHD (hazard ratio for patella lead = 1.29; 95% confidence interval, 1.02-1.62). CONCLUSIONS: Men with increased blood and bone lead levels were at increased risk for future IHD. Although the pathogenesis of IHD is multifactorial, lead exposure may be one of the risk factors.
Circulating levels of metals are related to carotid atherosclerosis in elderly; The aim of this study was to investigate if blood levels of trace and/or heavy metals are related to atherosclerosis in a cross-sectional study in elderly. In the population-based Prospective Investigation of the Vasculature in Uppsala Seniors (PIVUS) study (1016 subjects, all aged 70), the prevalence of carotid artery plaques was recorded by ultrasound. The numbers of carotid arteries with plaques (0, 1 or 2) were recorded. Also the thickness (IMT) and gray scale (IM-GSM) of the intima-media complex were measured together with plaque echogenicity. Eleven heavy metals and trace elements were analyzed in whole blood, using inductively coupled plasma-sector field mass spectrometry. Nickel levels were related to the number of carotid arteries with plaques in an inverted U-shaped manner after multiple adjustment for gender, waist circumference, body mass index, fasting blood glucose, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, HDL and LDL cholesterol, serum triglycerides, smoking, antihypertensive treatment and statin use (p = 0.026). IM-GSM and plaque echogenicity were both inversely related to chromium in a linear fashion, and to aluminum in an inverted U-shaped manner (both p<0.0001 for IM-GSM). The relationships between metals and IMT were modest. Circulating levels of some metals, like nickel, aluminum and chromium, were related to atherosclerotic plaques or the echogenicity of the IM-GSM and overt plaques independently of cardiovascular risk factors, including lipids. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V All rights reserved.
Fragmented QRS for the prediction of sudden cardiac death: a meta-analysis; Aims Risk stratification of sudden cardiac death (SCD) is challenging. Fragmented QRS (fQRS) is proposed as a non-invasive electrocardiogram marker associated with mortality and SCD. Results from individual studies including small numbers of patients are discrepant. We therefore performed a meta-analysis of studies evaluating fQRS as a risk stratification tool to predict all-cause mortality and SCD. Methods and results Electronic databases and bibliographies were systematically searched (1996-2014). Twelve studies (5009 patients) recruiting patients with coronary artery disease or non-ischaemic cardiomyopathy metour inclusion criteria. Fragmented QRS was associated with an all-cause mortality relative risk of 1.71 (CI 1.02-2.85) and a relative risk of SCD of 2.20 (CI 1.05-4.62). Subgroup analysis demonstrated greater mortality and SCD risk in those with left ventricular ejection fraction >35% and SCD risk in those with QRS duration <120 ms. Conclusion Fragmented QRS is associated with all-cause mortality and the occurrence of SCD and may be suited as a marker of SCD risk. The incremental benefit of fQRS should be assessed in a randomized, prospective setting.
Prevalence and Associated Clinical Characteristics of Exercise-Induced ST-Segment Elevation in Lead aVR; Background Exercise-induced ST-segment elevation (STE) in lead aVR may be an important indicator of prognostically important coronary artery disease (CAD). However, the prevalence and associated clinical features of exercise-induced STE in lead aVR among consecutive patients referred for exercise stress electrocardiography (ExECG) is unknown. Methods All consecutive patients receiving a Bruce protocol ExECG for the diagnosis of CAD at a tertiary care academic center were included over a two-year period. Clinical characteristics, including results of coronary angiography, were compared between patients with and without exercise-induced STE in lead aVR. Results Among 2227 patients undergoing ExECG, exercise-induced STE >= 1.0mm in lead aVR occurred in 3.4% of patients. Patients with STE in lead aVR had significantly lower Duke Treadmill Scores (DTS) (-0.5 vs. 7.0, p<0.01) and a higher frequency of positive test results (60.2% vs. 7.3%, p<0.01). Furthermore, patients with STE in lead aVR were more likely to undergo subsequent cardiac catheterization than those without STE in lead aVR (p<0.01, odds ratio = 4.2). Conclusions Among patients referred for ExECG for suspected CAD, exercise-induced STE in lead aVR was associated with a higher risk DTS, an increased likelihood of a positive ExECG, and referral for subsequent coronary angiography. These results suggest that exercise-induced STE in lead aVR may represent a useful ECG feature among patients undergoing ExECG in the risk stratification of patients.
Patients with ischemic stroke have a higher prevalence of a planar QRS-T angle &gt;90° than patients with transient ischemic attack; Background: The aim of the study was to investigate the prevalence of a planar QRS-T angle >90 degrees in patients with ischemic stroke versus transient ischemic attack (TIA). Material/Methods: In a prospective study of 279 consecutive patients who had ischemic stroke (197 patients) or TIA (82 patients), the planar QRS-T angle was measured from a 12-lead electrocardiogram taken at the time of the stroke or TIA. All QRS-T angle measurements were made by 3 authors who agreed on the measurements and who were blinded to the clinical findings. A QRS-T angle >90 degrees was considered abnormal. Results: The mean age was 66 +/- 6 years in patients with ischemic stroke versus 62 +/- 6 years in patients with TIA (p=0.04). The mean body mass index and the prevalence of gender, smoking, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, and coronary artery disease were not significantly different between patients with ischemic stroke versus TIA. A QRS-T angle >90 degrees was present in 55 of 197 patients (28%) with ischemic stroke and in 10 of 82 patients (12%) with TIA (p=0.004). Conclusions: The prevalence of a planar QRS-T angle >90 degrees was higher in patients with ischemic stroke than in patients with TIA (p=0.004).
Fibrin(ogen) and thrombotic disease; Fibrinogen is an abundant plasma protein that, when converted to fibrin by thrombin, provides the main building blocks for the clot. Dys-, a-, and hypo-fibrinogenemias have been variably linked to a normal phenotype, bleeding or even thrombosis. Meanwhile, increased fibrinogen concentrations in the blood have been associated with risk for thrombosis. More recently, studies have focussed on abnormal fibrin structure as a cause for thrombosis. Fibrin clots that have high fiber density and increased resistance to fibrinolysis have been consistently associated with risk for thrombosis. Fibrin structure measurements can (i) provide an overall assessment of hemostatic capacity of a sample, (ii) include effects of thrombin generation and fibrinogen concentrations, (iii) include effects of fibrinogen mutations, polymorphisms, and modifications, and (iv) give an indication of clot mechanical strength and resistance to fibrinolysis. A fibrinogen splice variation of the -chain (') is discussed as a model for changes in fibrin structure in relation to thrombosis. Results from prospective studies on fibrin structure are awaited. Studies of fibrin formation under flow, interactions of fibrin with blood cells, the mechanical properties of the fibrin clot, and nanoscale/molecular characterization of fibrin formation are likely to expose new causal mechanisms for the role of fibrin in thrombotic disease. Future studies into the causality and mechanisms may lead to new opportunities using fibrin structure in the diagnosis or treatment of thrombosis.
The effect of landiolol on hemodynamics and left ventricular function in patients with coronary artery disease; Study Objective: To examine the effect of landiolol (normal dose) on hemodynamics and left ventricular (LV) function. Design: Prospective, observational, repeated-measures study. Setting: University hospital. Patients: 56 adult patients who were diagnosed with angina pectoris and who underwent elective off pump coronary artery bypass surgery. Interventions: Patients were divided into two groups based on a preoperative LV ejection fraction (EF) 50% or higher (normal EF group, n = 28) and lower than 50% (low EF group, n = 28). Hemodynamics and LV function were recorded using a pulmonary artery catheter and transesophageal echocardiography at three time points (before administration of landiolol, immediately before completion of administration, and 15 minutes after completion of administration). Measurements: Individual hemodynamic data were obtained using a pulmonary artery catheter, and individual parameters were determined from LV short-axis views in transesophageal echocardiography. Main Results: Mean preoperative EFs were 57% +/- 5% and 47% +/- 3% in the normal and low EF groups, respectively. In both groups, landiolol produced a significant decrease in heart rate (HR), which then returned to baseline 15 minutes after completion of administration. A significant decrease in mean arterial pressure occurred in the low EF group, but the decrease was within 30% of baseline. In the normal EF group, there was no decrease in cardiac index, but a significant increase in stroke index, in addition to an increase in stroke volume. In the low EF group, cardiac index significantly decreased along with the decrease in HR, but there was no increase in end-diastolic volume or stroke volume. Conclusions: Administration of landiolol using the presently recommended dosage and administration route causes a decrease in HR without aggravation of hemodynamics in patients with normal cardiac function, but in patients with preoperative EF lower than 50%, it may lead to further deterioration of cardiac function due to a decrease in HR. (c) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Infection, immunisation and atherosclerosis: is there a link?; Atherosclerosis is the predominant underlying pathology responsible for coronary heart disease (CHD). It bears all the hallmarks of a chronic inflammatory disease and typical atherosclerotic lesions contain activated macrophages and T-cells. There have been several reports of possible associations between prior exposure to a number of specific micro-organisms and subsequent CHD, and prospective epidemiological studies have reported that elevated plasma levels of particular acute phase reactants (APRs) are predictors of future cardiac events. Investigators have also shown that immunisations exacerbate atherosclerosis in experimental animal models. These data raise the possibility that immunostimulation associated with natural infection by certain organisms, or vaccination, may promote atherosclerosis, A hypothesis which may explain all these findings, is that the cellular - and perhaps humoral - responses associated with immune stimulation may enhance atherogenesis. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Ltd, All rights reserved.
Comparison of dobutamine stress echocardiography and treadmill exercise electrocardiography for detection of coronary artery disease; Background Critical analysis of treadmill exercise testing (TMET) for the detection of coronary artery disease has revealed many shortcomings. Excellent diagnostic accuracy has been reported for dobutamine stress echocardiography (DSE). Methods A prospective comparison of DSE and TMET for the detection of coronary artery disease in routine clinical practice was performed using contrast cineangiography (significant stenosis greater than or equal to 50%) as a gold standard. Results A total of 116 patients (82 men, 34 women) were studied. Significant stenosis was detected by coronary angiography in 92 patients (79%). Single vessel disease occurred in 28, double-vessel disease in 32, and multivessel disease in 32 patients. Although sensitivity of DSE was better than that of TMET (82 versus 40%), specificity was worse (63 versus 79%). Positive predictive values for both DSE and TMET were good at 89 and 87%, respectively, whereas negative predictive values were poor for both (47% for DSE, 26% for TMET). Conclusions Overall, DSE performs better than TMET in terms of sensitivity and positive and negative predictive value. Its lower specificity than that of TMET may lead to more patients being referred for diagnostic coronary angiography. The poor negative predictive value of DSE and TMET means that one should not be falsely reassured by normal results.
Arsenic Exposure From Drinking Water, Arsenic Methylation Capacity, and Carotid Intima-Media Thickness in Bangladesh; We conducted a cross-sectional study to evaluate the interrelationships between past arsenic exposure, biomarkers specific for susceptibility to arsenic exposure, and carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) in 959 subjects from the Health Effects of Arsenic Longitudinal Study in Bangladesh. We measured cIMT levels on average 7.2 years after baseline during 20102011. Arsenic exposure was measured in well water at baseline and in urine samples collected at baseline and during follow-up. Every 1-standard-deviation increase in urinary arsenic (357.9 g/g creatinine) and well-water arsenic (102.0 g/L) concentration was related to a 11.7-m (95 confidence interval (CI): 1.8, 21.6) and 5.1-m (95 CI: 0.2, 10.3) increase in cIMT, respectively. For every 10 increase in monomethylarsonic acid (MMA) percentage, there was an increase of 12.1 m (95 CI: 0.4, 23.8) in cIMT. Among participants with a higher urinary MMA percentage, a higher ratio of urinary MMA to inorganic arsenic, and a lower ratio of dimethylarsinic acid to MMA, the association between well-water arsenic and cIMT was stronger. The findings indicate an effect of past long-term arsenic exposure on cIMT, which may be potentiated by suboptimal or incomplete arsenic methylation capacity. Future prospective studies are needed to confirm the association between arsenic methylation capacity and atherosclerosis-related outcomes.
Incidence & prevalence of stroke in India: A systematic review; Background & objectives: There has been more than 100 per cent increase in incidence of stroke in low- and middle-income countries including India from 1970-1979 to 2000-2008. Lack of reliable reporting mechanisms, heterogeneity in methodology, study population, and small sample size in existing epidemiological studies, make an accurate estimation of stroke burden in India challenging. We conducted a systematic review of epidemiologic studies on stroke conducted in India to document the magnitude of stroke. Methods: All population-based, cross-sectional studies and cohort studies from India which reported the stroke incidence rate or cumulative stroke incidence and/or the prevalence of stroke in participants from any age group were included. Electronic databases (Ovid, PubMed, Medline, Embase and IndMED) were searched and studies published during 1960 to 2015 were included. A total of 3079 independent titles were identified for screening, of which 10 population-based cross-sectional studies were considered eligible for inclusion. Given the heterogeneity of the studies, meta-analysis was not carried out. Results: The cumulative incidence of stroke ranged from 105 to 152/100,000 persons per year, and the crude prevalence of stroke ranged from 44.29 to 559/100,000 persons in different parts of the country during the past decade. These values were higher than those of high-income countries. Interpretation & conclusions: A paucity of good-quality epidemiological studies on stroke in India emphasizes the need for a coordinated effort at both the State and national level to study the burden of stroke in India. Future investment in the population-based epidemiological studies on stroke would lead to better preventive measures against stroke and better rehabilitation measures for stroke-related disabilities in the country.
Trace element status in Saudi patients with established atherosclerosis; Background: Traditional coronary risk factors do not fully explain variations in the incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Epidemiological studies have implicated perturbations in selenium. copper, and zinc metabolism in the aetiology of CVD. However.. these studies have been principally undertaken in Caucasian populations, in whom trace element intake is generally sufficient. Method: We have measured serum and urine selenium. copper. and zinc: and superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, and lipid peroxide concentrations in 130 Saudi male subjects with established CVD, and 130 age-matched controls. Results: Diabetes mellitus, positive smoking habit (p < 0.0001 for both), and hypertension (p < 0.05) were more prevalent among CVD patients. Urinary copper (p < 0.0001) and zinc (< 0.05) were higher among controls. Serum selenium concentrations were lower among CVD patients (p < 0.001), and a high proportion (52%) had selenium levels below 79 mu g/L compared to controls (22%) (p < 0.0001). Conditional loalstic regression analysis, showed the characteristics differentiating CVD patients from controls were serum zinc (odds ratio (OR) 0.92, confidence interval (CI 0.85-0.99, p < 0.05), serum copper/zinc ratio (OR 0.31. CI 0.10-0.96). serum selenium (OR 0.07, CI 0.02-0.31. p < 0.0001), and urine selenium (OR 3.34, CI 1.40-7.99 p < 0.01). Conclusion: Measures of trace metals status appear to be associated with the risk of atherosclerosis in a Saudi male population. (c) 2005 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
Association Between Jr-Point Elevation and Death From Coronary Artery Disease-15-Year Follow-up of the NIPPON DATA90; Background: An early repolarization pattern, characterized by an elevation of the QRS-ST junction (J-point) on 12-lead electrocardiography (ECG) is associated with cardiac and sudden death. However, little is known about the prognostic significance of J-point elevation for various disease-specific cardiovascular outcomes, including coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods and Results: To investigate the association between the presence of J-point elevation >= 0.1 mV and various disease-specific cardiovascular outcomes, we conducted a 15-year prospective study in a representative general Japanese population of 7,630 individuals (41% men, mean age 52.4 years) who participated in the National Survey of Circulatory Disorders. Cox models were used to estimate the hazard ratios (HRs) adjusted for possible confounding factors. J-point elevation was present in 264 individuals (3.5%) and was associated with an increased risk of cardiac death (adjusted HR, 2.54; 95% confidence interval [Cl] 1.40-4.58; P=0.002) and death from CAD (adjusted HR, 4.66; 95% Cl 2.30-9.46; P<0.001). In a subgroup analysis by age, the association between J-point elevation and cardiovascular outcomes was more remarkable in middle-aged (<60 years) than in older individuals (>= 60 years) (all P for interaction <0.05). Conclusions: J-point elevation on standard 12-lead ECG was an independent predictor of cardiac death and death from CAD in a representative sample of the general Japanese population, particularly among the middle-aged. (Circ J 2013; 77: 1260-1266)
Preanalytic and analytic sources of variations in C-reactive protein measurement: Implications for cardiovascular disease risk assessment; Background. C-reactive protein (CRP) is a widely recognized indicator of inflammation and is known to play an important role in atherogenesis. Recent prospective studies have demonstrated that increased CRP concentrations within the reference interval are a strong predictor of myocardial infarction, stroke, sudden cardiac death, and peripheral vascular disease in apparently healthy adults. On the basis of available evidence, the American Heart Association and the CDC have issued guidelines for the utility of CRP in the primary prevention of coronary heart disease and in patients with stable coronary disease or acute coronary syndromes. Nevertheless, there remains considerable work to optimize the utility of this marker for risk assessment. Issues: Most traditional CRP tests designed to monitor acute and chronic inflammation have inadequate sensitivity for risk stratification of coronary disease. Thus, manufacturers have had to develop tests with higher sensitivity. Because an individual's CRP concentration will be interpreted according to fixed cut-points, issues related to the preanalytic and analytic components of CRP measurement must be considered and standardized where possible to avoid potential misclassification of cardiovascular risk. Conclusions: Efforts to define performance criteria for high-sensitivity CRP applications coupled with growing awareness of the physiologic aspects of CRP most likely will lead to refinements in standardization, improved performance in quality-assessment schemes, and enhanced risk prediction. (C) 2003 American Association for Clinical Chemistry.
Association between ear creases and peripheral arterial disease; INTRODUCTION: Peripheral arterial disease is a severe manifestation of atherosclerosis that can lead to critical ischemia of the lower limbs and is also associated with high cardiovascular risk. Diagonal lobular and anterior tragal ear creases have been associated with coronary artery disease, but they have not yet been investigated in patients with peripheral arterial disease. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the prevalence of ear creases among patients with peripheral arterial disease of the lower limbs, compared with patients without documented atherosclerotic disease. METHODS: Cross-sectional study including 60 male patients with peripheral arterial disease of the lower limbs and 60 dermatologic outpatients matched for age and gender. The associations were adjusted for other risk factors by conditional logistic regression. RESULTS: The prevalence of diagonal and anterior tragal ear creases was higher among cases (73% vs. 25% and 80% vs. 43%, respectively) than controls; these associations remained significant even when adjusting for other known risk factors of atherosclerosis (odds ratio = 8.1 and 4.1, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Ear creases are independently associated with peripheral arterial disease and may be an external marker for risk identification.
COMPARATIVE DIAGNOSTIC-VALUE OF EXERCISE POLARCARDIOGRAPHY AND 14-LEAD ELECTROCARDIOGRAPHY IN THE DETECTION OF CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE; Early postexercise polarcardiographic (PCG) changes in the ST segment vector, as reflected in the variable MS .cntdot. .THETA., are reported to clearly distinguish normal subjects from those with myocardial ischemia. We prospectively assessed the value of this test in detecting coronary artery disease (CAD) during treadmill exercise in 178 patients within 1 week of diagnostic coronary angiography. The average postexercise MS .cntdot. .THETA. was 16.9 .+-. 9.7 mV degrees in patients with CAD, whereas it was 16.2 .+-.  10.2 mV degrees in patients with CAD (p = NS). The optimal ratio of sensitivity to specificity, using different normal-abnormal cutoff values, was 57% and 56%, respectively, for a delineating MS .cntdot. .THETA. value of 12. The sensitivity and specificity of a simultaneously recorded 14-lead ECG using the criterion of exercise-induced horizontal downsloping ST segment depression .gtoreq. 0.1 mV, was 71% and 78%, respectively. The PCG results were not improved by analyzing MS .cntdot. .THETA. during exercise, or by  analyzing the difference in MS .cntdot. .THETA. between rest and exercise or rest and postexercise. The sensitivity of the PCG for multivessel or left anterior descending CAD was higher than for less severe forms of CAD, but was significantly less sensitive than the 14-lead exercise ECG (70% versus 84%; p = 0.02; and 62% versus 75%; p = 0.05, respectively). Thus, exercise polarcardiography, as employed in the present study, does not improve the diagnostic content of the 14-lead exercise ECG. Contrary to  previous reports, there is no clear separation of normal from abnormal MS .cntdot. .THETA. values when a prospective series of patients is tested.
Association Between Family Risk of Stroke and Myocardial Infarction With Prevalent Risk Factors and Coexisting Diseases; Background and Purpose-Familial transmission of stroke and myocardial infarction (MI) is partially mediated by transmission of cerebrovascular and cardiovascular risk factors. We examined relationships between family risk of stroke and MI with risk factors for these phenotypes. Methods-A cross-sectional association between the stratified log-rank family score for stroke and MI with prevalent risk factors was assessed in the REasons for Geographic And Racial Differences in Stroke (REGARDS) cohort. Results-Individuals in the fourth quartile of stratified log-rank family scores for stroke were more likely to have prevalent risk factors including hypertension (OR, 1.43; 95% CI, 1.30-1.58), left ventricular hypertrophy (OR, 1.42; 95% CI, 1.16-1.42), diabetes (OR, 1.26; 95% CI, 1.12-1.43), and atrial fibrillation (OR, 1.23; 95% CI, 1.03-1.45) compared with individuals in the first quartile. Likewise, individuals in the fourth quartile of stratified log-rank family scores for MI were more likely to have prevalent risk factors including hypertension (OR, 1.57; 95% CI, 1.27-1.94) and diabetes (OR, 1.29; 95% CI, 1.12-1.43) than the first quartile. In contrast to stroke, the family risk score for MI was associated with dyslipidemia (OR, 1.38; 95% CI, 1.23-1.55) and overweight/obesity (OR, 1.22; 95% CI, 1.10-1.37). Conclusions-Family risk of stroke and MI is strongly associated with the majority of risk factors associated with each disease. Family history and genetic studies separating nonspecific contributions of intermediate phenotypes from specific contributions to the disease phenotype may lead to a more thorough understanding of transmission for these complex disorders. (Stroke. 2012;43:974-979.)
Acute myocardial infarction due to left main coronary artery disease in men and women: does ST-segment elevation matter?; Introduction: Gender-specific issues regarding ST-segment elevation (STEMI) and non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) due to unprotected left main coronary artery (ULMCA) disease were not sufficiently studied. We assessed the value of STEMI/NSTEMI initial classification on the management of men and women with acute MI due to critical stenosis or occlusion of the ULMCA. Material and methods: The study group consisted of 643 consecutive patients with acute MI with the ULMCA as the infarct-related artery. Data derive from an ongoing, nationwide, multicenter, prospective, observational registry. Results: Isolated ULMCA disease was more frequent in women and multivessel disease was more frequent in men in the NSTEMI group. The incidence of cardiogenic shock or pulmonary edema and cardiac arrest was higher in the STEMI group. Totally occluded ULMCA was more frequent in the STEMI group. Although the majority of patients underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), it was less frequently used in NSTEMI women and NSTEMI men. Although in-hospital and long-term mortality rates were higher in the STEMI group, there were no gender-related differences within groups. The initial ST-segment elevation was an independent predictor of in-hospital (OR = 2.37, 95% CI: 1.14-4.91, p = 0.02) and 12-month (OR = 1.52, 95% CI: 1.01-2.27, p = 0.045) mortality. Conclusions: There were no gender-related differences in the management within the STEMI or NSTEMI group. Although acute myocardial infarction due to ULMCA disease is associated with high mortality in both genders, STEMI was a negative prognostic factor of in-hospital and 12-month mortality. Despite poor baseline characteristics and clinical presentation in women, female gender itself did not influence mortality.
Randomized Comparison of Percutaneous Coronary Intervention With Sirolimus-Eluting Stents Versus Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting in Unprotected Left Main Stem Stenosis; Objectives The purpose of this randomized study was to compare sirolimus-eluting stenting with coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) for patients with unprotected left main (ULM) coronary artery disease. Background CABG is considered the standard of care for treatment of ULM. Improvements in percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with use of drug-eluting stents might lead to similar results. The effectiveness of drug-eluting stenting versus surgery has not been established in a randomized trial. Methods In this prospective, multicenter, randomized trial, 201 patients with ULM disease were randomly assigned to undergo sirolimus-eluting stenting (n = 100) or CABG using predominantly arterial grafts (n = 101). The primary clinical end point was noninferiority in freedom from major adverse cardiac events, such as cardiac death, myocardial infarction, and the need for target vessel revascularization within 12 months. Results The combined primary end point was reached in 13.9% of patients after surgery, as opposed to 19.0% after PCI (p = 0.19 for noninferiority). The combined rates for death and myocardial infarction were comparable (surgery, 7.9% vs. stenting, 5.0%; noninferiority p < 0.001), but stenting was inferior to surgery for repeat revascularization (5.9% vs. 14.0%; noninferiority p = 0.35). Perioperative complications including 2 strokes were higher after surgery (4% vs. 30%; p < 0.001). Freedom from angina was similar between groups (p = 0.33). Conclusions In patients with ULM stenosis, PCI with sirolimus-eluting stents is inferior to CABG at 12-month follow-up with respect to freedom from major adverse cardiac events, which is mainly influenced by repeated revascularization, whereas for hard end points, PCI results are favorable. A longer follow-up is warranted. (Percutaneous Coronary Intervention [PCI] With Drug-Eluting Stents [DES] Versus Coronary Artery Bypass Graft [CABG] for Patients With Significant Left Main Stenosis; NCT00176397) (J Am Coll Cardiol 2011;57:538-45) (C) 2011 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation
Genetic variations in the apolipoprotein B gene; It is well known that coronary heart disease (CHD) is multifactorial, with environmental and inherited risk factors both playing a role. Apolipoprotein B (apo B) is of major importance in lipoprotein metabolism and might play a central role in atherogenesis. The apo B gene is the obvious candidate gene to study the relations between lipid concentrations and CHD. Some rare mutations in the apo B gene affect plasma cholesterol levels, leading to either familial hypobetalipoproteinemia or familial defective apolipoprotein B100. Other frequent polymorphisms have little biological effect but, because of their high frequency, might contribute to the development of CHD in a given population. Many apo B gene polymorphisms are associated with variations in plasma lipid concentrations, including the response of plasma lipids to dietary intervention, and peripheral and coronary atherosclerosis. Age, body mass index and gender affect the degree and nature of the association between apo B genetic markers and normal lipid and lipoprotein levels. However, negative and contradictory results have also been reported. One likely explanation is differences between studies, including populations of different geographic origin, arbitrary definition of cases and controls and multiple criteria for CHD. Future work on the effect of the apo B locus on hyperlipidaemia and atherosclerosis must involve large numbers of patients belonging to carefully defined populations. Prospective studies using a combination of genetic markers in well-defined populations should lead to firm conclusions on the role of apo B in atherogenesis and coronary heart disease.
Functional Analysis of a Carotid Intima-Media Thickness Locus Implicates <i>BCAR1</i> and Suggests a Causal Variant; Background Carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) is a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis that can predict cardiovascular disease events over traditional risk factors. This study examined the BCAR1-CFDP1-TMEM170A locus on chromosome 16, associated with carotid IMT and coronary artery disease in the IMT and IMT-Progression as Predictors of Vascular Events (IMPROVE) cohort, to identify the functional variant. Methods and Results In analysis of the locus lead single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP; rs4888378, intronic in CFDP1) in Progressione della Lesione Intimale Carotidea (PLIC), the protective AA genotype was associated with slower IMT progression in women (P=0.04) but not in men. Meta-analysis of 5 cohort studies also supported a protective effect of the A allele on common carotid IMT in women only (women: =-0.0047, P=1.63x10(-4); men: =-0.0029, P=0.0678). Two hundred fourteen noncoding variants in strong linkage disequilibrium (r(2)0.8) with rs4888378 were identified from 1000 Genome Project. ENCODE regulatory chromatin marks were used to create a shortlist of 6 possible regulatory variants. Electrophoretic mobility shift assays on the shortlist detected allele-specific protein binding to the lead SNP rs4888378; multiplexed competitor electrophoretic mobility shift assays implicated FOXA as the protein. Luciferase reporter assays on rs4888378 showed a significant 35% to 92% (P=0.0057; P=4.0x10(-22)) decrease in gene expression with the A allele. Expression quantitative trait loci analysis confirmed previously reported associations of rs4888378 with BCAR1 in vascular tissues. Conclusions Molecular studies suggest the lead SNP as a potentially causal SNP at the BCAR1-CFDP1-TMEM170A locus, and expression quantitative trait loci studies implicate BCAR1 as the causal gene. This variant showed stronger effects on common carotid IMT in women, raising questions about the mechanism of the causal SNP on atherosclerosis.
Phenotypes of myocardial blood perfusion related to the genetic variations of metalloproteinases 3 (MMP3) and 9 (MMP9); The myocardial perfusion is modified more frequently by coronary atherosclerosis, which can lead to cardiac dysfunction. The allelic variants can induce different phenotypes of left ventricle remodelling. The factors for expression of phenotypes of myocardial blood perfusion are not completely understood. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the influence of single nucleotide polymorphisms of metalloproteinase 3 (MMP3; rs3025058) and metalloproteinase 9 (MMP9; rs3918242) genes in the myocardial blood perfusion, and to determine the allelic variants that influence the susceptibility of myocardial perfusion abnormalities. Two hundred and five patients underwent myocardial perfusion imaging (MPI) with Tc-99m-tetrofosmin in which was carried out for genotyping of MMP3 and MMP9 promoter gene polymorphism. Negative MPI to myocardial ischaemia was defined by absent of myocardial perfusion defects (MPD) and positive MPI to myocardial ischaemia was defined by presence of one or more reversible and/or irreversible MPD. Analysis of MPI allowed the identification of 122 patients with negative MPI and 83 with positive MPI. MPD were more prevalent and irreversible nature in 6A homozygotes than 5A MMP3 allele carries (MPD - 6A6A: 52.6%, 5A allele: 37.4%, p > 0.05; irreversible MPD 6A6A: 34.2%, 5A allele: 19.6%, p > 0.05). All 6A homozygote patients with myocardial infarction or those who underwent coronary revascularisation had MPD (p < 0.05). Analysis of logistic regression revealed the 6A6A genotype and combined 6A6A + CT/TT genotypes such as genetic risk factors for myocardial ischaemia [Model 1, adjusted conventional risk factors 6A6A: odds ratio (OR) = 1.85, 6A6A + T allele: OR = 1.55; [Model 2, adjusted haemodynamic risk factors 6A6A: OR = 1.29, 6A6A + T allele: OR = 1.73; p > 0.05, non-unique contribution). The results of this study suggest that the allelic variation of MMP3 gene can have an important role in myocardial remodelling, and appoint the 6A6A genotype as a marker of alterations in myocardial blood perfusion, especially remodelling associated with irreversible MPD. This study also showed that the allelic variation of MMP9 gene had no significant influence in myocardial perfusion.
Exercise test predictors of severe coronary artery disease: Role of ST-segment elevation in lead aVR; BackgroundThe role of exercise stress test (EST)-induced ST-segment elevation (STE) in electrocardiographic lead aVR in predicting severe coronary artery disease (CAD) is controversial. HypothesisAssessment of lead aVR during EST can be helpful to identify patients with severe CAD. MethodsWe performed maximal EST in 200 patients undergoing coronary angiography for suspect of CAD. Four angiographic findings of severe CAD were considered: (1) left main (LM) disease; (2) LM or equivalent LM (LM/EQLM) disease; (3) LM or proximal left anterior descending (LAD) artery (LM/proxLAD) disease; and (4) LM or 3-vessel (LM/3V) disease. Results LM, LM/EQLM, LM/proxLAD, and LM/3V disease were shown in 6 (3%), 13 (6.5%), 33 (16.5%), and 27 (13.5%) patients, respectively. EST-induced STE in aVR occurred in 41 patients (20.5%). ST-segment depression (STD) in 5 leads was the only predictor of LM stenosis (odds ratio [OR]: 6.18, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.19-32.2, P = 0.03) and the most significant variable associated with LM/proxLAD stenosis (OR: 4.73, 95% CI: 2.0-11.2, P = 0.0001); maximal STD 3 mm was the most significant variable associated with LM/EQLM (OR: 7.58, 95% CI: 2.31-24.9, P = 0.001) and LM/3V (OR: 3.86, 95% CI: 1.47-10.1, P = 0.006) CAD. EST-induced STE in aVR was associated with LM/proxLAD disease only (OR: 3.23, 95% CI: 1.44-7.24, P = 0.004). At multivariate analysis, STD in 5 leads was the only independent predictor of LM/proxLAD disease (OR: 3.99, 95% CI: 1.58-10.1, P = 0.003). Conclusions EST-induced STE in lead aVR does not significantly increase the prediction of severe CAD compared with severity and extension of STD as assessed in the other electrocardiographic leads.
Benefits and risks of fish consumption for the human health; The article aimed at identifying and discussing scientific evidences on the benefits and risks of fish consumption the human health. There was a systematic survey for articles published from 2003 and May 2011, at the MedLine, Scopus, SciELO, Lilacs and Google Scholar databases. The key words used were: fish, food intake, omega-3 fatty acids, fatty fish, benefits, risk, and consumption. The search produced 12,632 articles, 25 eligible cohort studies on possible benefits, 61 on risks and 10 studies that assessed the "risk/benefit" relation. Of the 25 works, 14 suggested a preventive effect of fish consumption related to cardiovascular diseases, depression, cataract and some types of cancer. Evidences of a relation between exposure to mercury and an increase in the risk of neurological disorders, but not of cardiovascular diseases, were also found. Given the importance of fish consumption, its possible risks and the lack of Brazilian studies on the topic, it is important to conduct more longitudinal studies that assess both the benefits and risks of fish consumption for the human health. We also emphasize the need for policies to reduce exposure of fish and seafood to mercury and other contaminants.
Hostility Now, Depression Later? Longitudinal Associations Among Emotional Risk Factors for Coronary Artery Disease; Background/Purpose Given that emotional risk factors for coronary artery disease (CAD) tend to cluster within individuals, surprisingly little is known about how these negative emotions might influence one another over time. We examined the longitudinal associations among measures of depressive symptoms and hostility/anger in a cohort of 296 healthy, older adults. Methods Participants completed the Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II), Cook-Medley Hostility (Ho) scale, and Anger-In and Anger-Out subscales of the State-Trait Anger Expression Inventory at baseline and 6-year followup. We conducted a series of path analyses to evaluate the directionality of the depression-hostility/anger relationship. Results Baseline Ho scale was a predictor of 6-year increases in BDI-II (beta=0.15, p=0.004), Anger-In (beta=0.14, p=0.002), and Anger-Out (beta=0.11, p=0.01). In contrast, baseline BDI-II, Anger-In, and Anger-Out did not predict change in any of the emotional variables. Additional path analytic models revealed that the pattern of relationships was not altered after controlling for demo-graphic, biomedical, and behavioral covariates; anxiety symptoms; social support; and subjective sleep quality. Conclusions The present results suggest that the cognitive aspects of hostility/anger may precede and independently predict future increases in depressive symptoms but not vice versa. Our findings lead us to speculate that (a) hostility may exert part of its cardiotoxic influence by acting to precipitate and/or maintain symptoms of depression and that (b) the potency of depression interventions designed to improve cardiovascular outcomes might be enhanced by incorporating treatments addressing hostility.
Radial artery use is safe in patients with moderate to severe left ventricular dysfunction; Background. Using radial artery grafts in patients with moderate to severe left ventricular dysfunction (LVD; ejection fraction < 35%) has been discouraged for the fear that postoperative vasopressor support may cause graft spasm and lead to ischemic complications. We, therefore, examined the safety of radial grafts in aorto-coronary bypass (ACB) patients with LVD. Methods. Data were collected from 5,455 patients who underwent isolated ACB between January 1995 and September 2001. One thousand eight hundred three patients received a radial artery graft (RadACB), and 3,652 patients did not (NoRadACB). Three hundred seven RadACB, and 819 NoRadACB operations were performed in LVD patients. A matched (age, sex, urgency of operation, diabetes, and renal insufficiency) cohort analysis was performed in LVD patients. Univariate and logistic regression analyses were performed in the entire population and the unmatched RadACB and NoRadACB patient subgroups to examine the effect of radial artery use on postoperative death or myocardial infarction rate. Results. The matched cohort analysis revealed a similar rate of death or myocardial infarction (RadACB, 11 of 242 patients; NoRadACB, 16 of 242 patients; p = 0.32). Left ventricular dysfunction was associated with a higher rate of death or myocardial infarction in both unmatched groups (RadACB, odds ratio, 2.36; 95% confidence interval, 1.38 to 4.58; p = 0.004; NoRadACB, odds ratio, 1.62; 95% confidence interval, 1.18 to 2.24; p < 0.001) and in the entire population (odds ratio, 1.77; 95% confidence interval, 1.32 to 2.35; p = 0.003). An interaction term for patients with LVD and a radial artery graft, which was forced into the logistic regression model for the entire population, was not predictive of death or myocardial infarction (odds ratio, 1.52; 95% confidence interval, 0.75 to 3.10; P = 0.25). Conclusions. Left ventricular dysfunction carries similar risk for postoperative death or myocardial infarction in RadACB and NoRadACB patients. The presence of LVD in isolation is not a contraindication to the use of radial grafting. (C) 2003 by The Society of Thoracic Surgeons.
Prognostic impact of sex-ambulatory blood pressure interactions in 10 cohorts of 17 312 patients diagnosed with hypertension: systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Whether ambulatory blood pressure (BP) among hypertensive patients better predicts cardiovascular events (CVEs) in women relative to men is unclear. Methods: We searched PUBMED and OVID databases. Cohorts were required to have hypertension, 1+ years of follow-up, with stroke and coronary artery disease as outcomes. Lead investigators for these cohorts provided ad hoc analyses. Random-effect meta-analyses gave hazard ratios for CVEs from a 1 standard deviation (SD) mmHg increase and a 10mmHg increase in SBP. Subgroup and meta-regression analyses quantified the relative increase in risk in women versus men. Results: Patients were from Europe, Brazil, and Japan (10 cohorts, n = 17 312, CVEs = 1892). One cohort lacked sex-specific hazard ratios from 24 h and clinic SBP. Compared with men, women tended to have greater SDs and coefficients of variation of SBP. Subgroup analyses showed higher hazard ratios in women than in men from increases in ambulatory but not clinic SBPs. For women relative to men, a 1 SD increase in night-time, daytime, 24 h, and clinic SBP gave hazard ratios (95% confidence limits) of 1.17 (1.06-1.30), 1.24 (1.10-1.39), 1.21 (1.08-1.36), and 0.94 (0.84-1.05), respectively, whereas a 10mmHg increase in SBP, gave hazard ratios of 1.06 (0.99-1.14), 1.13 (1.03-1.23), 1.10 (1.01-1.21), and 0.96 (0.89-1.03), respectively. Conclusion: In patients with hypertension, increases in ambulatory, but not clinic, SBP predict higher risks for CVEs in women than in men. Although women tended to have greater variability in SBP, this did not entirely explain the sex-ambulatory BP interactions.
A non-conservative polymorphism in the IL-6 signal transducer (IL6ST)/gp130 is associated with myocardial infarction in a hypertensive population; Inflammation is a key component in the development of atherosclerosis, and myocardial infarction (MI); therefore we investigated the association between an interleukin-6 signal transducer (IL6ST)/gp130 polymorphism, gp130 function and risk of MI. Structural modeling suggested that a non-conservative single nucleotide polymorphism in the gp130, Gly148Arg, can change the stability and functional properties of the molecule. In vitro studies were done with BAF/3 cells lacking endogenous gp130. Cells stably transfected with the gp130 148Arg variant proliferated less and showed slightly lower STAT-3 phosphorylation in response to gp130 stimulation as compared to cells transfected with gp 130 148Gly. In a prospectively followed hypertensive cohort we identified 167 patients who suffered a MI during the study and compared them to matched controls (mean age 57 years, 73% males, n=482). Carriers of the 148Arg variant (f(Arg)=0.12) of the gp130 receptor had decreased odds ratio for MI in univariate analysis (0.56, 95% CI 0.34-0.9 1, p = 0.02). In conclusion, a genetically determined structural variant of the IL-6 receptor subunit gp130 is, independently of other known risk factors, associated with decreased risk of MI. The variant is also associated with decreased IL-6 responsiveness and could lead to a configuration change in the gp130 receptor. (C) 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Familial hypercholesterolemia, peripheral arterial disease, and stroke: A HuGE minireview; Heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) is an autosomal dominant disorder known to be associated with elevated cholesterol levels and increased risk of premature coronary heart disease. Since increased cholesterol levels lead to atherosclerosis, FH has also been proposed as a risk factor for peripheral vascular and ischemic cerebrovascular disease. Currently, the association between clinical FH and risk of stroke is unclear: Two studies conducted in the 1980s indicated an increased risk of stroke in FH subjects; however, two others found no higher risk, and all had methodological limitations. A recent prospective study of familial hypercholesterolemia by the United Kingdom-based Simon Broome Register Group did not find an excess risk of stroke mortality for subjects with clinical FH. By contrast, the prevalence of peripheral arterial disease is increased from five- to 10-fold in FH subjects compared with non-FH controls. In addition, the intima-media thickness of the carotid and/or femoral artery is increased in FH subjects. Better understanding of the association between FH and the incidence of ischemic stroke events could have a public health impact by improving the diagnosis, prognosis, and treatment of individuals with FH and their relatives and by elucidating the relation between cholesterol levels and ischemic cerebrovascular disease.
A rapid protocol to identify and exclude acute myocardial infarction: Continuous 12-lead ECG monitoring with 2-hour delta CK-MB; A prospective observational study was performed in 706 chest pain patients who underwent our chest pain evaluation protocol which consists of continuous 12-lead ST-segment monitoring with automated serial ECG (SECG) and a 2-hour delta (Delta) CK-MB level determination before ED physician making final disposition decision to determine the incremental value of our P-hour protocol for identifying myocardial infarction (MI) as compared with the initial ECG in combination with a baseline CK-MB, The initial ECG was obtained on presentation and considered positive if it revealed injury or ischemia, SECGs were obtained at least every 10 minutes and considered positive if it revealed new injury or ischemia. The baseline CK MB value was considered positive if it was greater than or equal to 12 ng/mL and index greater than or equal to 4%. Delta CK-MB was defined as a difference between the 2 hour and baseline CK MB and was considered positive if the value was greater than or equal to+1.5 ng/mL, MI was defined as acute myocardial infarction (AMI) or recent AMI tie, AMI patients presenting on falling curve of CK-MB), The incremental value of the 2 hour protocol tie, SECG in conjunction with Delta CK-MB) was more sensitive far identification of Mi than the baseline protocol(ie, initial ECG in conjunction with the baseline CK-MB) (94.0% versus 55.4%; P<.0001) and reliably both identified (+LR = 14.6) and excluded MI (-LR = 0.06). SECG monitoring in conjunction with the 2 hour Delta CK-MB allows for early identification and exclusion of MI, and can assist the ED physician in making appropriate treatment and disposition decisions. (Am J Emerg Med 2000;18:698-702 Copyright (C) 2000 by W.B. Saunders Company).
Antioxidant Vitamins and Cardiovascular Disease; Cardiovascular disease represents an unparalleled proportion of the global burden of disease and will remain the main cause of mortality for the near future. Fortunately, most premature cardiovascular deaths are preventable. Therefore, prevention becomes vital and diet has shown beneficial effects to protect from CVD (CVD). Fruits and vegetables are dietary sources of natural antioxidants and it is generally accepted that antioxidants in these foods are key in explaining the inverse association between fruits and vegetables intake and the risk of developing a cardiovascular event or having elevated levels of cardiovascular risk factors. Available evidence supports the central role of oxidative stress in the atherosclerosis process and the correlation between increased oxidative stress and vascular disease. Theoretically, antioxidants in fruits and vegetables are important in inhibiting oxidative mechanisms that lead to various degenerative diseases including CVD. However, results from many interventional trials using antioxidants given as supplements have not been concordant with previous positive findings from observational epidemiologic cohort studies. The present manuscript gives a brief overview of the relationship between natural antioxidants (specially vitamin C, vitamin E and beta-carotene) intake and the risk of CVD.
LAMP-2 Gene Expression in Peripheral Leukocytes Is Increased in Patients With Coronary Artery Disease; Background: Coronary artery disease (CAD) is a common complex disease that is caused by interaction between genetic and environmental factors. Accumulating evidence indicates that foam cells in the atherosclerotic plaques exhibit the characteristics of lysosomal storage diseases, namely lysosomal accumulation of indigested materials. In patients with lysosomal storage diseases, lysosomal accumulation of lipids and cholesterols in atherosclerotic plaque cells has been observed. However, the roles of lysosomal hydrolases and proteins in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis and CAD remain unclear. Hypothesis: Lysosomal hydrolases and proteins may be involved in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis and CAD by affecting lipid and cholesterol metabolism. Methods: Expression levels of LAMP-2, a lysosomal membrane marker gene, in the peripheral leukocytes of CAD patients (n=134) and age- and sex-matched healthy controls (n=80) were examined at transcription and protein levels with reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction and Western blot analyses, respectively. The results were compared between CAD patients and healthy controls. Results: LAMP-2 gene expression and LAMp-2 protein levels were significantly increased in the peripheral leukocytes of CAD patients, compared with healthy controls. Furthermore, multivariate logistic regression analyses revealed that CAD is significantly associated with LAMP-2 gene expression levels (odds ratio [ OR] 8.84, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 2.15-36.40, P = 0.003) or LAMP-2 protein levels (OR 2.03, 95% CI: 1.15-3.59, P = 0.015). Conclusions: In CAD patients, LAMP-2 gene expression in the peripheral leukocytes was significantly increased than were controls, which indicates lysosomal accumulation. These data suggest that insufficient lysosomal hydrolases and proteins may lead to abnormal lipid and cholesterol metabolism, which cause initiation and progression of atherosclerosis and CAD.
The relationship between subclinical atherosclerosis and electrocardiographic abnormalities as biomarkers of cardiovascular risk; Electrocardiographic findings indicating myocardial disease, such as left ventricular hypertrophy or ST-T wave abnormalities, or the presence of coronary artery calcium, indicating atherosclerotic coronary artery disease, are both biomarkers of future cardiovascular (CV) risk. Although the risk factors for myocardial and coronary artery disease are similar, their concomitant expression has implications for CV disease screening and prevention programmes. The relationship between the resting 12-lead ECG and subclinical atherosclerosis measured as coronary artery calcium (CAC) with electron beam tomography was examined in 937 healthy participants (aged 40-50 years) enrolled in a CV risk screening study. Electrocardiograms and CAC were interpreted in blinded fashion, using standard criteria. An abnormal ECG was coded in 268 (28.6%) participants, most commonly left ventricular hypertrophy (3.1%), delayed precordial R wave transition (5.7%), T-wave abnormalities (10.0%) and intraventricular conduction delay (10.4%). Although abnormal ECG findings were associated with CV risk variables, the prevalence of any CAC was similar in subjects with any ECG finding (43 of 268, 16.0%) compared with those with normal ECGs (125 of 669, 18.7%, p=NS). In a logistic model controlling for CV risk factors including systolic blood pressure, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), body mass index (BMI), glycosylated haemoglobin, race, age and gender, significant associations with CAC were found for LDL-C, race and BMI. There was no significant relationship between CAC and ECG abnormalities (odds ratio 0.80, 95% confidence interval 0.54-1.20). In conclusion, electrocardiographic abnormalities and subclinical calcified atherosclerosis were not significantly associated with each other in this middle-aged screening population. This suggests these two biomarkers may be complementary towards broader detection of latent CV risk.
Diagnostic characteristics and prognoses of primary-care patients referred for clinical exercise testing: a prospective observational study; Background: Evaluation of angina symptoms in primary care often includes clinical exercise testing. We sought to identify clinical characteristics that predicted the outcome of exercise testing and to describe the occurrence of cardiovascular events during follow-up. Methods: This study followed patients referred to exercise testing for suspected coronary disease by general practitioners in the County of Jamtland, Sweden (enrolment, 25 months from February 2010). Patient characteristics were registered by pre-test questionnaire. Exercise tests were performed with a bicycle ergometer, a 12-lead electrocardiogram, and validated scales for scoring angina symptoms. Exercise tests were classified as positive (ST-segment depression > 1 mm and chest pain indicative of angina), non-conclusive (ST depression or chest pain), or negative. Odds ratios (ORs) for exercise-test outcome were calculated with a bivariate logistic model adjusted for age, sex, systolic blood pressure, and previous cardiovascular events. Cardiovascular events (unstable angina, myocardial infarctions, decisions on revascularization, cardiovascular death, and recurrent angina in primary care) were recorded within six months. A probability cut-off of 10% was used to detect cardiovascular events in relation to the predicted test outcome. Results: We enrolled 865 patients (mean age 63.5 years, 50.6% men); 6.4% of patients had a positive test, 75.5% were negative, 16.4% were non-conclusive, and 1.7% were not assessable. Positive or non-conclusive test results were predicted by exertional chest pain (OR 2.46, 95% confidence interval (Cl) 1.69-3.59), a pathologic ST-T segment on resting electrocardiogram (OR 2.29, 95% Cl 1.44-3.63), angina according to the patient (OR 1.70, 95% Cl 1.13-2.55), and medication for dyslipidaemia (OR 1.51, 95% CI 1.02-2.23). During follow-up, cardiovascular events occurred in 8% of all patients and 4% were referred to revascularization. Cardiovascular events occurred in 52.7%, 18.3%, and 2% of patients with positive, non-conclusive, or negative tests, respectively. The model predicted 67/69 patients with a cardiovascular event. Conclusions: Clinical characteristics can be used to predict exercise test outcome. Primary care patients with a negative exercise test have a very low risk of cardiovascular events, within six months. A predictive model based on clinical characteristics can be used to refine the identification of low-risk patients.
Atherosclerosis in Trial of Org 10172 in Acute Stroke Treatment Subtypes among Young and Middle-Aged Stroke Patients: The Norwegian Stroke in the Young Study; Background: Ischemic stroke patients subtyped as of undetermined cause (SUC) usually outnumber those with determined cause subtypes. Etiological stroke classifications may lead to neglect of parallel, noncausative findings. Atherosclerosis progresses over decades and is associated with high morbidity and mortality in young stroke patients in long-term follow-up studies. We compared the prevalence of carotid atherosclerosis in all TOAST subtypes among young patients with acute ischemic stroke. Methods: We investigated 150 patients aged 15-60 years with documented acute ischemic stroke, and 84 controls free of cardiovascular disease. Stroke etiology was classified according to TOAST criteria. Carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) measurements were obtained from 12 standardized multiangle measurements in the common carotid artery, carotid bifurcation, and internal carotid artery. Results: The causes of stroke were 5.3% large-artery atherosclerosis (LAA), 26.7% cardioembolism, 21.3% small-artery occlusion (SAO), 10% stroke of other determined cause, and 36.7% stroke of undetermined cause (SUC). cIMT was increased in patients with LAA (1.56 mm, P = .002), SAO (1.11 mm, P = .006), and SUC (1.10 mm, P = .004) compared to controls (cIMT 0.86 mm). Segmental cIMT distribution differed across stroke subtypes, age groups, and sexes. Conclusions: Atherosclerotic disease is prevalent in the majority of young and middle-aged ischemic stroke patients, requiring determined investigation and aggressive treatment of modifiable risk factors.
Testing for Inherited Thrombophilias in Arterial Stroke Can It Cause More Harm Than Good?; Background and Purpose-Despite a paucity of evidence supporting a true association of ischemic stroke and the inherited thrombophilias, it is common practice for many neurologists to order these tests as part of the work-up of ischemic stroke, especially in young patients. Treatment with oral anticoagulation is often used in patients with positive results for the inherited thrombophilias. Methods-We reviewed the literature focusing on case-control studies of the 5 most commonly inherited disorders of coagulation: protein C deficiency, protein S deficiency, antithrombin deficiency, and the factor V Leiden and prothrombin gene mutations in patients with stroke. We also analyzed the available data on stroke patients with inherited thrombophilia and patent foramen ovale. Results-Multiple case-control studies have not convincingly shown an association of the inherited thrombophilias with ischemic stroke, even in young patients and patients with patent foramen ovale. Conclusion-If there is an association between the inherited thrombophilias and arterial stroke, then it is a weak one, likely enhanced by other prothrombotic risk factors. The consequences of ordering these tests and attributing causality to an arterial event can result in significant costs to the health care system and pose a potential risk to patients, because this may lead to inappropriate use of long-term oral anticoagulants, exposing patients to harm without a clearly defined benefit. (Stroke. 2010;41:2985-2990.)
Risk of erectile dysfunction induced by arsenic exposure through well water consumption in Taiwan; BACKGROUND: Erectile dysfunction (ED) has a profound impact on the quality of life of many men. Many risk factors are associated with ED, such as aging, sex hormone levels, hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes mellitus. Arsenic exposure could damage peripheral vessels and increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. However, the relationship between arsenic exposure and ED has seldom been evaluated. OBJECTIVES: In this study we aimed to investigate whether exposure to arsenic enhances the risk of ED. METHODS: We recruited 177 males >= 50 years of age through health examinations conducted in three hospitals in Taiwan. We used a questionnaire (International Index of Erectile Function-5) to measure the level of erectile function. Sex hormones, including total testosterone and sex hormone-binding globulin, were determined by radioimmunoassay. We used another standardized questionnaire to collect background and behavioral information (e.g., cigarette smoking; alcohol, tea, or coffee drinking; and physical activity). RESULTS: The prevalence of ED was greater in the arsenic-endemic area (83.3%) than in the non-arsenic-endemic area (66.7%). Subjects with arsenic exposure > 50 ppb had a significantly higher risk of developing ED than those with exposure <= 50 ppb, after adjusting for age, cigarette smoking, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease [odds ratio (OR) = 3.4]. Results also showed that the risk of developing severe ED was drastically enhanced by arsenic exposure (OR 7.5), after adjusting for free testosterone and traditional risk factors of ED. CONCLUSIONS: Results suggested that chronic arsenic exposure has a negative impact on erectile function.
Thirty-day outcome of carotid artery stenting in Chinese patients: a single-center experience; Background Carotid artery stenting (CAS) as a competing treatment modality has had to adhere to limits to gain widespread acceptance in some studies. This study analyzed the clinical data of 1700 consecutive patients after CAS to retrospectively evaluate the 30-day outcome of CAS for internal carotid artery stenosis in a Chinese population. Methods Medical records of 1700 patients who underwent CAS at Xuanwu Hospital affiliated to Capital Medical University between January 2001 and August 2012 were reviewed. Postoperative 30-day complication rates were analyzed and compared with those of other studies. Univariate and multivariate Logistic regression analyses were used to identify factors associated with perioperation myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, and death. Results The overall 30-day rate of MI, stroke, and death after CAS was 2.53%. In univariate analysis, patients who were symptomatic, had a neurological deficit (modified Rankin score (mRS) >= 3; P=0.001), and who were not taking statins experienced a significantly increased rate of MI, stroke, and death (P=0.017). In multivariate Logistic regression analysis, the presence of symptoms (odds ratio (OR)=2.485; 95% confidence interval (CI)=1.267-4.876; P=0.008) and a neurological deficit (mRS >= 3) (OR=3.025; 95% CI=1.353-6.763; P=0.007) were independent risk factors for perioperative MI, stroke, and death. Conclusions According to this single-center experience, CAS may effectively prevent and treat carotid artery stenosis that would otherwise lead to stroke. Being symptomatic and having a neurological deficit (mRS increased the risk of perioperative MI, stroke, and death.
Usefulness of automated serial 12-lead ECG monitoring during the initial emergency department evaluation of patients with chest pain; Study objective: To determine whether the use of automated serial 12-lead ECG monitoring (SECG) is more sensitive and specific than the initial 12-lead ECG in the detection of injury and ischemia in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) during the initial ED evaluation of patients with chest pain. Methods: A prospective observational study was performed in 1,000 patients with chest pain who were admitted to a university teaching hospital and who underwent continuous ST-segment monitoring with SECG during the initial ED evaluation. The initial ECG was obtained on presentation, and SECG readings were obtained at least every 20 minutes during the ED evaluation. Diagnostic abnormalities on the initial ECG were defined as injury or ischemia. Diagnostic changes on SECG were defined as evolving injury, evolving ischemia, new injury, or new ischemia. ACS was defined as acute myocardial infarction (AMI), recent myocardial infarction, or unstable angina. Results: A diagnostic SECG was more sensitive than a diagnostic initial ECG for detection of AMI (68.1% versus 55.4%; P<.0001) and ACS (34.2% versus 27.5%; P<.0001). A diagnostic SECG was more specific than a diagnostic initial ECG for detection of ACS (99.4% versus 97.1%; P<.01). SECG detected injury in an additional 16.2% of AMI patients compared with the initial ECG (61.8% versus 45.6%; P<.0001; 95% confidence interval for difference of proportions, 10.9% to 21.4%). Conclusion: SECG during the initial ED evaluation is more sensitive and more specific than the initial ECG in the identification of ACS. Patients with a diagnostic SECG need intensive antiischemic therapy, evaluation for reperfusion therapy, and admission to an ICU.
Prognostic Value of Lead V<sub>1</sub> ST Elevation During Acute Inferior Myocardial Infarction; Background-Lead V-1 directly faces the right ventricle and may exhibit ST elevation during an acute inferior myocardial infarction when the right ventricle is also involved. Leads V-1 and V-3 indirectly face the posterolateral left ventricle, and ST depression ("mirror-image" ST elevation) in V-1 through V-3 may reflect concomitant posterolateral infarction. The prognostic significance of V-1 ST elevation during an acute inferior myocardial infarction may therefore be dependent on V-3 ST changes. Methods and Results-In 7967 patients with acute inferior myocardial infarction in the Hirulog and Early Reperfusion or Occlusion-2 (HERO-2) trial, V-1 ST levels were analyzed with adjustment for lead V-3 ST level for predicting 30-day mortality. V-1 ST elevation at baseline, analyzed as a continuous variable, was associated with higher mortality. Unadjusted, each 0.5-mm-step increase in ST level above the isoelectric level was associated with approximate to 25% increase in 30-day mortality; this was true whether V-3 ST depression was present or not. The odds ratio for mortality was 1.21 (95% confidence interval, 1.07 to 1.37) after adjustment for inferolateral ST elevation and clinical factors and 1.24 (95% confidence interval, 1.09 to 1.40) if also adjusted for V-3 ST level. In contrast, lead V-1 ST depression was not associated with mortality after adjustment for V-3 ST level. V-1 ST elevation >= 1 mm, analyzed dichotomously in all patients, was associated with higher mortality. The odds ratio was 1.28 (95% confidence interval, 1.01 to 1.61) unadjusted, 1.51 (95% confidence interval, 1.19 to 1.92) adjusted for V-3 ST level, and 1.35 (95% confidence interval, 1.04 to 1.76) adjusted for ECG and clinical factors. Persistence of V-1 ST elevation >= 1 mm 60 minutes after fibrinolysis was associated with higher mortality (10.8% versus 5.5%, P = 0.001). Conclusion-V-1 ST elevation identifies patients with acute inferior myocardial infarction who are at higher risk. (Circulation. 2010; 122: 463-469.)
USES AND LIMITATIONS OF HIGH-DOSE DIPYRIDAMOLE STRESS ECHOCARDIOGRAPHY FOR EVALUATION OF CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE; Objective - To compare the usefulness of high dose dipyridamole stress echocardiography with dipyridamole stress electrocardiography and exercise electrocardiography for the evaluation of coronary artery disease. Design-Prospective investigation with coronary angiography as the criterion standard and blinded assessment of study data. Setting - Cardiology unit of a tertiary referral centre. Subjects - Fifty eight patients with suspected coronary disease; three of these were excluded because of poor echogenicity at baseline (test feasibility 95%). Angiography showed normal coronary arteries in 15 and coronary disease (greater-than-or-equal-to 70% diameter stenosis) in 40. Interventions - Cross sectional echocardiography and 12 lead electrocardiography during dipyridamole stress (up to 1 mg/kg) and exercise electrocardiography on a separate occasion. Wall motion was analysed with an 11-segment model developed at Hammersmith Hospital. Main outcome measures - Test sensitivity, specificity, and side effect data. Results - 16 of 40 patients with coronary artery disease had inducible asynergy; all had multivessel disease and a tight stenosis in the vessel that supplied the abnormal segment. Exercise duration and time to 1 mm ST segment depression were significantly shorter in patients with a positive echocardiogram than in those without (both p < 0.01). The sensitivity and specificity of dipyridamole stress echocardiography were 40% and 93% respectively; sensitivity improved to 60% when baseline (n = 18) or reversible asynergy defined an abnormal study (likelihood ratio = 9). Corresponding figures for stress electrocardiography were 38% and 80% for dipyridamole and 80% and 67% for exercise. Adverse reactions were seen in 67% of patients and included two instances of pronounced hypotension, one episode of prolonged myocardial ischaemia, and one cardiac arrest in a patient who was successfully resuscitated. Conclusion - A positive high dose dipyridamole echocardiogram predicts multivessel disease and impaired coronary reserve, but low overall sensitivity and occasionally troublesome side effects limit its clinical usefulness.
PREDICTION OF ARRHYTHMIC EVENTS AFTER ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION USING 2 METHODS FOR LATE POTENTIALS RECORDING; One hundred consecutive patients recovering from an acute myocardial infarction underwent, prior to home discharge, signal-averaged electrocardiography (ECG), left ventriculography, and 24-hour Holter ECG recording. The signal-averaged ECG was recorded and analyzed using two procedures: the orthogonal bipolar XYZ lead configuration with a bidirectional filter, and a precordial unipolar lead configuration with a nonrecursive digital filter. An abnormal signal-averaged ECG was seen in 40% of patients with the XYZ system and in 30% of patients in the precordial method, abnormal ejection fraction (< 40%) in 24% of patients and high grade ectopy activity in 22%. During the 24-month follow-up period, 12 patients (12%) had an arrhythmic event defined as either sudden death (11 patients) or sustained ventricular tachycardia (i patient). Neither the signal-averaged ECG with the XYZ configuration, the abnormal ejection fraction, nor the high grade ectopy were able to statistically predict a higher arrhythmic event rate. The signal-averaged ECG with the precordial configuration was able to statistically predict a higher arrhythmic event rate, P < 0.03; odds ratio = 3.96. The combination of the orthogonal XYZ configuration signal-averaged ECG with the ejection fraction (P < 0.01, odds ratio = 7.33), or with ejection fraction and Holter monitoring (P < 0.06, odds ratio = 6.17) was able to predict a higher arrhythmic event rate. The combination of the precordial configuration signal-averaged ECG with the ejection fraction (P < 0.002, odds ratio = 14.4), or with ejection fraction and Holter monitoring (P < 0.06, odds ratio = 10) was able to better predict a higher arrhythmic event rate. The combination of a normal or abnormal signal-averaged ECG and ejection fraction gave a sensitivity, specificity, positive, or negative value prediction of arrhythmic events of 60%, 90.6%, 37.5%, and 96%, respectively. It must be emphasized that the number of arrhythmic events during the 2-year follow-up was small and further study is required to determine the true predictive value of each method for arrhythmic events.
Blood mercury level and blood pressure among US women: results from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2000; Exposure to mercury has been linked to elevations in blood pressure (BP), though few data are available. We examined the cross-sectional relationship between blood mercury concentration and BP in a representative US sample of 1240 women, aged 16-49 years, from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2000. We found no association overall between mercury and BP in multivariate models. We stratified our data by dietary fish intake (presumably reflecting the consumption of long-chain n-3 fatty acids that may reduce BP) resulting in 759 fish consumers and 481 non-fish consumers. We found that for each 1.3 mug/L (interquartile distance) increase in mercury, systolic BP significantly increased by 1.83 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.36, 3.30) among non-fish consumers. A similar pattern was seen for diastolic BP, although it was non-significant. While an adverse effect of mercury exposure at background levels on BP was not present overall, an adverse association was present among non-fish-consuming young and middle-aged women. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Risk of carotid atherosclerosis associated with genetic polymorphisms of apoliploprotein E and inflammatory genes among arsenic exposed residents in Taiwan; Arsenic had been reported to be associated with carotid atherosclerosis. However, there were few studies to evaluate the association between the susceptible gene of lipid metabolism and inflammation and carotid atherosclerosis among arsenic exposure residents. The aim of the study was to investigate the associations between the genetic polymorphisms of APOE and MCP-1 and the risk of carotid atherosclerosis among residents of Lanyang Basin in Taiwan which was a newly confirmed arsenic-endemic area. In total, 479 residents who had been genotyped of these two genes and examined the severity of carotid atherosclerosis were included in this study. The study subjects with carotid intima media thickness (IMT) >= 1.0 mm or with the observable plaque in the extracranial carotid artery were diagnosed as carotid atherosclerosis. A significantly age- and gender-adjusted odds ratio of 2.0 for the development of carotid atherosclerosis was observed in study subjects with EA allele of APOE than those without epsilon 4 allele. Compared with study subjects who carried wild genotypes of APOE and MCP-1, those with both risk genotypes of APOE and MCP-1 had 2.5-fold risk of carotid atherosclerosis after adjustment for age and gender, revealing a significant dose-response relationship between number of risk genotypes of these genes and risk of carotid atherosclerosis. Additionally, study subjects with two risk genotypes of APOE and MCP-1 and either had ingested well water contained arsenic level >10 mu g/L or had arsenic exposure >0.22 mg/L-year would have strikingly highest risk of 10.3-fold and 15.7-fold, respectively, for the development carotid atherosclerosis, showing significant joint effect of arsenic exposure and risk genotypes of APOE and MCP-1. (C) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Combined Effect of Blood Cadmium and Lead Levels on Coronary Heart Disease Prediction Risk in Korean Men; This study was designed to investigate the combined effects of cadmium (Cd) and lead (Pb) on 10-year coronary heart disease (CHD) risk calculated using the Framingham risk score. The heavy metal data set of the Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey IV and V (2008-2010) was analyzed. The 10-year CHD risk was significantly associated with the log-transformed blood Cd and Pb levels in Korean men. For the highest quartile of Cd and Pb, the odds ratio (OR) of the intermediate risk and beyond for CHD (10-year risk 10%) compared to the lowest quartile was 6.870 (Cd, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 4.58-10.30) and 3.127 (Pb, 95% CI: 2.09-4.69) after adjusting for confounders, respectively. The adjusted OR of the intermediate risk and beyond for CHD (10-year risk 10%) in the fourth quartile of both Cd and Pb was 12.2 (95% CI: 8.0-18.5) compared to the reference group (first and second quartiles of Cd and Pb). However, the association between log-transformed blood Cd and Pb and the 10-year CHD risk was not significant in Korean women.
Use of oral contraceptives in patients with migraine; Migraine is most common in women in their childbearing years, the same population that also uses oral contraceptives (OCs). OC use can result in worsening, improvement, or no change in a woman's migraine. The pattern of the migraine attack may also change with, e.g., worsening of a pre-existing migraine aura. There is evidence that migraine with aura is a significant risk factor for ischemic stroke, with an odds ratio of approximately 6. Migraine without aura appears to result in much less increase in ischemic stroke risk, although it may still be significant. OCs, even those with an estrogen content of less than 50 mu g, appear to cause an increase in ischemic stroke risk with an odds ratio of approximately 2, although the risk has been less in some studies. OC use in some patients with migraine with aura may lead to unacceptable ischemic stroke risk, because this results in the combination of two stroke risk factors. It is recommended that, when OCs are prescribed for patients with migraine, the potential risks and benefits be discussed with the patient and patients should be monitored for possible changes in their migraine. Caution should be exercised in OC use by women who have migraine with aura, especially older women and those who have other stroke risk factors. Pill use should be strongly discouraged in women who have a migraine aura beyond the ordinary or who develop new aura symptoms while taking OCs.
Urinary arsenic methylation capability and carotid atherosclerosis risk in subjects living in arsenicosis-hyperendemic areas in southwestern Taiwan; Long-term exposure to inorganic arsenic from artesian drinking well water is associated with carotid atherosclerosis in the Blackfoot Disease (BFD)-hyperendemic area in Taiwan. The current study examined the arsenic methylation capacity and its risk on carotid atherosclerosis. A total of 304 adults (158 men and 146 women) residing in the BFD-hyperendemic area were included. The extent of carotid atherosclerosis was assessed by duplex ultrasonography. Chronic arsenic exposure was estimated by an index of cumulative arsenic exposure (CAE) and the duration of artesian well water consumption. Urinary levels of inorganic arsenite [As(III)], arsenate [As(V)], monomethylarsonic acid [MMA(V)] and dimethylarsinic acid [DMA(V)] were determined by high performance liquid chromatography linked on-line to a hydride generator and atomic absorption spectrometry (HPLC-HG-AAS). The percentage of arsenic species, primary methylation index [PMI=MMA(V)/(As(III)+As(V)] and secondary methylation index [SMI=DMA(V)/MMA(V)] were calculated and employed as indicators of arsenic methylation capacity. Results showed that women and younger subjects had a more efficient arsenic methylation capacity than did men and the elderly. Carotid atherosclerosis cases had a significantly greater percentage of MMA(V) [%MMA(V)] and a lower percentage of DMA [%DMA (V)] compared to controls. Subjects in the highest two tertiles of PMI with a median of CAE >0 mg/L-year had an odds ratio (OR) and a 95% confidence interval (Cl) of carotid atherosclerosis of 2.61 and 0.98-6.90 compared to those in the highest two tertiles of PMI with a CAE=0 mg/L-year. We conclude that individuals with greater exposure to arsenic and lower capacity to methylate inorganic arsenic may be at a higher risk to carotid atherosclerosis. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Absence of ST-segment elevation in lead V1 predicts worse long-term outcomes in patients with first anterior ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction; Background: The prognostic value of ST-segment elevation in lead V1 (STE in V1) in anterior ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) has not been elucidated. Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis of 190 consecutive first anterior STEMI patients. STE in V1 >= 0.1 mV was recorded. Major adverse cardiac events (MACE) were defmed as a composite of all-cause death, recurrent myocardial infarction, or target vessel revascularization. Results: Among 190 patients, 42 patients did not have STE in V1. The patient without STE in V1 had a higher peak creatine kinase value and a higher incidence of 1-year MACE (36% vs. 13%, p < 0.001), driven by a higher mortality (24% vs. 5%, p < 0.001). The absence of STE in V1 was an independent predictor for 1-year MACE (odds ratio 3.16; 95% confidence interval 1.28-7.83; p = 0.01). Conclusion: The absence of STE in V1 was an independent predictor for worse long-term outcomes in patients with first anterior STEMI. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Asymptomatic Left Bundle Branch Block Predicts New-Onset Congestive Heart Failure and Death From Cardiovascular Diseases; Background: Left bundle branch block (LBBB) has been proposed as a risk factor for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. We sought to characterize the strength of these associations in a population without preexisting clinical heart disease. Methods: The association between LBBB and new-onset congestive heart failure (CHF) or death from cardiovascular diseases was examined in 1,688 participants enrolled in the SPPARCS study who were free of known CHF or previous myocardial infarction. SPPARCS is a community-based cohort study in residents of Sonoma, California that are > 55 years. Medical history and 12-lead ECGs were obtained every 2 years for up to 6 years of follow-up. LBBB at enrollment or year 2 was considered "baseline" and assessed as a predictor of CHF and cardiovascular death ascertained at years 4 and 6. Results: The prevalence of LBBB at baseline was 2.5% (n = 42). During 6 years of follow-up, 70 (4.8%) people developed new CHF. Incidence of CHF was higher in patients with LBBB than in participants without LBBB. This association persisted after controlling for potential confounders (odds ratio (OR): 2.85; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.01 - 8.02; P = 0.047). A higher mortality from cardiovascular diseases was also found in participants with LBBB after adjusting for potential confounders (OR: 2.35, 95% CI: 1.02 5.41; P = 0.044). Conclusions: LBBB in the absence of a clinically detectable heart disease is associated with new-onset CHF and death from cardiovascular diseases. Further study is warranted to determine if additional diagnostic testing or earlier treatment in patients with asymptomatic LBBB can decrease cardiovascular morbidity or mortality.
Association of Early Repolarization and Sudden Cardiac Death During an Acute Coronary Event; Background-Electrocardiographic early repolarization (ER) pattern has been previously associated with arrhythmic mortality and with an increased risk of ventricular fibrillation. We hypothesized that there is an association between ER and sudden cardiac death (SCD) during an acute coronary event. Methods and Results-The present study included 432 consecutive victims of SCD because of acute coronary event and 532 survivors of such an event, in whom 12-lead ECGs recorded before and unrelated to the event could be evaluated. SCDs were verified by medicolegal autopsy to be because of acute coronary event. ER was defined as an elevation of the QRS-ST junction in at least 2 inferior or lateral leads, manifested as QRS notching or slurring. The prevalence of ER pattern >= 0.1 mV was more common in cases (62/432; 14.4%) than controls (42/532; 7.9%) (P=0.001). The victims of SCD were younger, were more commonly men and smokers, had lower body mass index, had elevated heart rate, had prolonged QRS complex, and had lower prevalence of history of prior cardiovascular disease than controls. After adjustments for baseline differences, the odds ratio for J waves without ST-segment elevation in the SCD group was 2.15 (95% CI, 1.20-3.85; P=0.01). Conclusions-Higher prevalence of ER in a standard 12-lead ECG in victims of SCD than in survivors of an acute coronary event suggests that the presence of ER increases the vulnerability to fatal arrhythmia during acute myocardial ischemia and provides a plausible mechanistic link between this ECG pattern and higher arrhythmic mortality of middle-aged/ elderly subjects. (Circ Arrhythm Electrophysiol. 2012;5:714-718.)
Risk of carotid atherosclerosis is associated with low serum paraoxonase (PON1) activity among arsenic exposed residents in Southwestern Taiwan; To understand whether paraoxonase 1 (PON1) would modulate the risk for arsenic-related atherosclerosis, we studied 196 residents from an arseniasis-endemic area in Southwestern Taiwan and 291 age- and sex-matched residents from nearby control area where arsenic exposure was found low. Carotid atherosclerosis was defined by a carotid artery intima-media wall thickness (IMT) of >1.0 mm. Prevalence of carotid atherosclerosis was increased in the arseniasis-endemic area as compared to the control area after adjustment lot conventional risk factors (OR=2.20, p < 0.01). The prevalence was positively associated with cumulative, arsenic exposure (mg/L-year) ill a dose-dependent channel. Multiple logistic regression analysis showed that ill the endemic group, low serum PON1 activity was an independent risk factor for atherosclerosis (OR=4.18 low vs. high, p < 0.05). For those of low PON1 activity and high cumulative arsenic exposure, the odds ratio for die prevalence of atherosclerosis was further increased up to 5.68 (P < 0.05). No significant association was found between atherosclerosis and four polymorphisms of the PON gene cluster (PON1-108C/T, PON1 Q192R, PON2 A148G, PON2 C311S). However, genetic frequencies of certain alleles including PON1 Q192, PON2 G148 and PON2 C311 were found increased ill the endemic group as compared to the controls and a general Chinese population, indicating, a possible survival selection in the endemic group after a long arsenic exposure history. Our results showed a significant joint effect between arsenic exposure and serum PON1 activity oil Carotid atherosclerosis, suggesting that subjects of low PON1 activity may be more susceptible to arsenic-related cardiovascular disease. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Vectorcardiographic changes as predictors of cardiac complications during major vascular surgery; Objective: To elucidate the relation of changes in computerized vectorcardiographic trend parameters indicating perioperative myocardial ischemia with perioperative cardiac complications. Design: Prospective clinical study. Setting: A single university hospital. Participants: Thirty-eight patients undergoing elective abdominal aortic surgery. Interventions: Computerized vectorcardiography recorded during surgery and for 48 hours postoperatively. Measurements and Main Results: Vectorcardiographic spatial alterations in the ORS complex (ORS-VD) and absolute (ST-VM) and spatial (STC-VM) ST-segment changes, previously used indicators of myocardial ischemia, were analyzed and related to the cardiac events detected clinically. In five patients with clearly ischemic (cardiac death, myocardial infarction, recurrent ischemia) and eight patients with possibly ischemic (congestive heart failure, arrhythmia) perioperative cardiac events, ST-VM and STC-VM were significantly increased intraoperatively. Postoperatively, these differences remained, but ORS-VD were also significantly increased. Intraoperative and postoperative changes indicating ischemia were strongly related (r = 0.83). The signs of ischemia were most pronounced during the postoperative 12 to 36 hours. The presence of 60 minutes of signs of ischemia during 2 hours revealed high sensitivity (85%), specificity (80%), and positive (69%) and negative (91%) predictive values for subsequent cardiac events. Traditional vector loop analysis showed signs of non-Q-wave infarctions in six patients, whereas only three of these were detected using standard clinical methods. Conclusions: Vectorcardiographic signs of myocardial ischemia were significantly increased intraoperatively, but most pronounced postoperatively in the patients subsequently suffering cardiac events. The changes could be related to the individual cardiac morbidity with acceptable precision. Thus, continuous vectorcardiographic monitoring may be beneficial for patients at risk of developing perioperative ischemia. Copyright (C) 1998 by W.B. Saunders Company.
Angiographic Lesion Complexity Score and In-Hospital Outcomes after Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; Objective We devised a percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) scoring system based on angio-graphic lesion complexity and assessed its association with in-hospital complications. Background Although PCI is finding increasing application in patients with coronary artery disease, lesion complexity can lead to in-hospital complications. Methods Data from 3692 PCI patients were scored based on lesion complexity, defined by bifurcation, chronic total occlusion, type C, and left main lesion, along with acute thrombus in the presence of ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (1 point assigned for each variable). Results The patients' mean age was 67.5 +/- 10.8 years; 79.8% were male. About half of the patients (50.3%) presented with an acute coronary syndrome, and 2218 (60.1%) underwent PCI for at least one complex lesion. The patients in the higher-risk score groups were older (p < 0.001) and had present or previous heart failure (p = 0.02 and p = 0.01, respectively). Higher-risk score groups had significantly higher in-hospital event rates for death, heart failure, and cardiogenic shock (from 0 to 4 risk score; 1.7%, 4.5%, 6.3%, 7.1%, 40%, p < 0.001); bleeding with a hemoglobin decrease of >3.0 g/dL (3.1%, 11.0%, 13.1%, 10.3%, 28.6%, p < 0.001); and postoperative myocardial infarction (1.5%, 3.1%, 3.8%, 3.8%, 10%, p = 0.004), respectively. The association with adverse outcomes persisted after adjustment for known clinical predictors (odds ratio 1.72, p < 0.001). Conclusion The complexity score was cumulatively associated with in-hospital mortality and complication rate and could be used for event prediction in PCI patients.
Nutrigenetic association of the 5-lipoxygenase gene with myocardial infarction; Background: 5-Lipoxygenase (5-LO) catalyzes the rate-limiting step of the biosynthesis of proinflammatory leukotrienes from arachidonic acid (AA) and has been associated with atherosclerosis in animal models and humans. We previously reported that variants of a 5-LO promoter repeat polymorphism were associated with carotid atherosclerosis in humans, an effect that was exacerbated by high dietary AA but mitigated by high dietary n-3 fatty acids. Objective: We sought to confirm these initial observations with a more clinically relevant phenotype such as myocardial infarction (MI). Design: The 5-LO polymorphism was genotyped in 1885 Costa Rican case-control pairs and tested for association with MI. Functional experiments were carried out to determine whether the associated alleles had differences in mRNA expression. Results: The frequency of variant genotype groups did not differ significantly between cases and controls. However, a significant gene x diet interaction was observed, in which, relative to the common 5 repeat allele, the 3 and 4 alleles were associated with a higher MI risk in the high (>= 0.25 g/d) dietary AA group (odds ratio: 1.31; 95% CI: 1.07, 1.61) and with a lower risk in the low (<0.25 g/d) AA group (0.77; 0.63, 0.94) (P for interaction = 0.015). Using allele-specific quantitation, the short alleles had expression approximately twice that of the 5 allele (P < 0.0001). Conclusions: The 3 and 4 variants lead to higher 5-LO expression and provide additional evidence that these alleles are associated with greater risks of atherosclerosis and MI in the context of a high-AA diet.
Relationship Between Fragmented QRS and No-Reflow, Infarct Size, and Peri-Infarct Zone Assessed Using Cardiac Magnetic Resonance in Patients With Myocardial Infarction; Background: The relation between fragmented QRS complex (fQRS) and cardiac magnetic resonance parameters is poorly documented in ischemic cardiopathy. Methods: Among 209 consecutive patients, those with fQRS were compared with those without fQRS. Cardiac magnetic resonance studies with late gadolinium-enhanced sequences were done during the week after acute myocardial infarction. Results: fQRS was present in 113 (54%) patients, and associated with a significantly lower left ventricular ejection fraction, increased left ventricular volumes, a larger infarct size (IS), and a larger peri-infarct zone. Microvascular obstruction was more frequent in patients with fQRS (62% vs 45%; P = 0.014) and the extent of the microvascular obstruction was significantly larger (1.6% [range, 0.0-4.4] vs 0.0 [range, 0.0-2.1]; P = 0.004). Finally, the transmurality score in the 2 study populations was identical (48% vs 47%; P = 0.895). In multivariate logistic regression analysis, only IS (odds ratio [OR], 1.06; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.03-1.09; P < 0.001), systolic blood pressure (OR, 1.02; 95% CI, 1.01-1.04; P < 0.001), and left ventricular endsystolic volume (OR, 1.02; 95% CI, 1.00-1.03; P = 0.013) remained independent predictors of fQRS. Conclusions: This study revealed that fQRS was associated with increased IS, myocardial perfusion abnormalities, decreased left ventricular ejection fraction, and increased left heart volumes. These findings show that fQRS is a reliable marker of infarct size and acute ventricular remodelling.
Chronic oral dipyridamole as a 'novel' antianginal drug: The collateral hypothesis; Dipyridamole is an adenosine transport blocker that produces elevation of tissue adenosine levels. The oral formulation has long been used as a 'coronary vasodilator', but inappropriate vasodilation can lead to a pro-ischemic effect. However, available evidence linking adenosine to angiogenesis raises the possibility of a therapeutically relevant anti-ischemic effect of the drug. Molecular biology data show that in a hypoxic milieu, increased interstitial adenosine increases proliferation of endothelial cells in culture by stimulating A(1) and A(2) adenosine receptors and induces vascular endothelial growth factor which leads to angiogenesis. Morphologic data indicate that chronic, intermittent dipyridamole administration increased endomyocardial capillary length density by 33% in hypertensive and 11% in normotensive rabbits. Experimental data suggest that chronic treatment with dipyridamole increases collateral flow and decreases exercise-induced left ventricular dysfunction in the territory dependent upon a critical coronary stenosis. Clinical data indicate that the meta-analysis of all published double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized trials assessing the effect of dipyridamole as an antianginal agent showed a highly significant drug benefit (odds ratio = 0.299, confidence intervals = 0.202-0.443). Treatment duration (log time in days) was significantly correlated to the observed benefit (log odds) (r = -75, P = 0.0031), consistently with a structural change in the collateral coronary circulation requiring time to emerge. The available data support the 'adenosine collateral hypothesis' (i.e., a beneficial angiogenetic effect of chronic endogenous adenosine accumulation). The angiogenetic effect would be different from the coronary vasodilator effect in several respects: coronary anatomical target (mainly capillaries instead of arterioles); cellular target (mainly endothelium rather than smooth muscle cell); receptor target (A(1) and A(2) rather than A(2) adenosine receptors); time required for effect (weeks or months rather than minutes or hours); clinical use (possibly therapeutic for angiogenesis; mainly diagnostic for vasodilator stress testing). Prospective, properly designed trials are needed to assess convincingly the efficacy of a drug used for 40 years and yet possibly prematurely discarded as an effective antianginal treatment.
Elevated high-mobility group box 1 levels in patients with cerebral and myocardial ischemia; Cerebral and myocardial ischemia, two of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide, are associated with inflammation that can lead to multiple organ failure and death. High-mobility group box 1(HMGB1), a recently described mediator of lethal systemic inflammation, has been detected in individuals with severe sepsis and hemorrhagic shock, but its role during ischemic injury in humans is unknown. To determine whether systemic HMGB1 levels are elevated after ischemic injury, a prospective observational study was performed in subjects with a diagnosis of either Acute Coronary Syndrome (ACS) or cerebral vascular ischemia (transient ischemic attack or cerebral vascular accident). Subjects (n, 16; age [mean], 67 +/- 16.3 years) were enrolled in the North Shore-LIJ emergency department within 24 h of symptom onset. Blood samples were collected, and HMGB1 levels analyzed by Western blot analysis using previously described methods (Wang et al Science. 1999). Control samples were obtained from healthy age- and sex-matched volunteers (n, 16; age [mean], 68 +/- 15.8 years). Here, we report that serum HMGB1 levels were significantly elevated in both myocardial ischemia subjects (myocardial control serum HMGB1, 1.94 +/- 2.05 ng/mL, vs. myocardial ischemia serum HMGB1, 159 +/- 54.3 ng/mL; P < 0.001); and in cerebral ischemia subjects (cerebral control serum HMGBI, 16.8 +/- 10.9 ng/mL, vs. cerebral ischemia serum HMGB1, 218 +/- 18.8 ng/mL; P < 0.001). These results suggest that systemic HMGB1 levels are elevated in human ischemic disease.
<i>Trans</i> fatty acids, conjugated linoleic acids, and cardiovascular diseases; This review focuses on human data about the link between cardiovascular risk and dietary trans and conjugated fatty acids. Some complementary data from animals are presented. Concerning trans monoene isomers, since 1990 they were extensively studied. Intervention studies have shown that they increased LDL-cholesterol just like saturated fatty acids (palmitic, myristic, lauric acids). A recent meta-analysis of 60 intervention studies emphasized that, unlike palmitic acid, these trans monoenes increased the total-to-HDL-cholesterol ratio; as a result these trans isomers could increase the cardiovascular risk more than lauric, myristic and palmitic acids. Data from four epidemiological cohort studies suggest that a 2% increase in energy of daily intake of trans fatty acids significantly increases the incidence of cardiovascular diseases. Concerning conjugated linoleic acids (CLA), to date, there are no epidemiological data. Current knowledge is based on intervention studies in humans and animals and on in vitro studies. For the mixture of isomers (cis9, trans11 and trans10, cis12), clinical studies gave inconsistent results, and results on animal models differed from one species to another. For each isomer studied separately, their effects on the lipoprotein profile in humans were different. However, no dose effect was found whatever the isomer. Studies performed in healthy subjects and obese men presented convergent conclusions regarding the detrimental effects of trans10,cis12 CLA, but with rumenic acid (cis9, trans11 CLA) positive effects were observed in healthy subjects, not in obese subjects & bock;pls check!& bock;. Finally, results of studies lead to attribute a potential, general proatherogenic effect to trans10, cis12 CLA.
Serum mercury concentration in relation to survival, symptoms, and diseases:: results from the prospective population study of women in Gothenburg, Sweden; A prospective population study of women in Gothenburg, Sweden was started in 1968-69 and comprised 1462 women aged 38, 46, 50, 54, or 60 years at baseline. Follow-up studies were carried out in 1974-75, 1980-81, and 1992-93. The baseline study included an extensive medical and dental examination. Serum mercury concentration (S-Hg) was determined in deep-frozen samples from all participants in 1968-69 and in a random subsample of sera from participants in 1980-81, about 20 years after the baseline examinations;. S-IIIS was statistically significantly correlated with number of amalgam Is at both examinations. Of 30 defined symptoms and 1 different clusters of symptoms, no one was independently correlated with S-Hg measured in the samples from 1968-69, while there was a negative statistically significant correlation with over-exertion and poor appetite in 1980-81. Blood hemoglobin and serum B-12 concenntrations in 1968-69 were statistically significantly and positively correlated with S-Hg, while erythrocyte sedimentation rate and the serum concentrations of potassium and triglycerides were significantly and negatively correlated with S-Hg, also after including potential confounders. Blood hematocrit examined in 1980-81 was negatively correlated with S-Hg. When including potential confounders, serum IgA was also statistically significantly correlated with S-Hg, but not in univariate analysis. No statistically significant correlation was observed between S-Hg, on the one hand, and the incidence of diabetes, myocardial infarction. stroke, or cancer on the other, while a statistically significant negative correlation was observed with overall mortality when age and education were included as background variables. There were some correlations between biological variables and S-Hg probably of no negative clinical significance, and we conclude that there is no association between disease and S-Hg on a population basis in middle-ag ed and elder women.
Coffee consumption and mortality after acute myocardial infarction: The Stockholm Heart Epidemiology Program; Background Cohort studies have suggested little effect of coffee consumption on risk of acute myocardial infarction. The effect of coffee consumption on prognosis after myocardial infarction is uncertain. Methods In a population-based inception cohort study, we followed 1,369 patients hospitalized with a confirmed first acute myocardial infarction between 1992 and 1994 in Stockholm County, Sweden, as part of the Stockholm Heart Epidemiology Program. Participants reported usual coffee consumption over the preceding year with a standardized questionnaire distributed during hospitalization and underwent a health examination 3 months after discharge. Participants were followed for hospitalizations and mortality with national registers through November 2001. Results A total of 289 patients died during follow-up. Compared with intake of <1 cup per day, coffee consumption was inversely associated with mortality, with multivariable-adjusted hazard ratios of 0.68 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.45-1.02) for 1 to <3 cups, 0.56 (95% Cl 0.37-0.85) for 3 to <5 cups, 0.52 (95% Cl 0.34-0.83) for 5 to <7 cups, and 0.58 (95% Cl 0.34-0.98) for >= 7 cups per day (P trend .06). Coffee intake was not associated with hospitalization for congestive heart failure or stroke. Candidate lipid and inflammatory biomarkers did not appear to account for the observed inverse association with mortality. Conclusions Self-reported coffee consumption at the time of hospitalization for myocardial infarction was inversely associated with subsequent postinfarction mortality in this population with broad coffee intake. If confirmed in other settings, identification of relevant mechanisms could lead to an improved prognosis for survivors of acute myocardial infarction. (Am Heart J 2009;157:495-501.)
RR-interval irregularity precedes ventricular fibrillation in ST elevation acute myocardial infarction; BACKGROUND Sudden cardiac arrest is a leading cause of death in industrialized countries, and ischemic ventricular fibrillation (VF) is a frequent cause. OBJECTIVE The purpose of this study was to determine whether patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) who develop ischemic VF show more overall RR-interval irregularity (RRI) than do STEMI patients without ischemic VF. METHODS Ischemic VF was identified in 41 patients from 1,473 digital 12-lead Holter recordings from three separate STEMI studies. Continuous 3-lead and 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) snapshots recorded every minute were compared between all ischemic VF patients and 123 random patients without ischemic VF. Time intervals from start of Holter to ischemic VF and equivalent intervals in the controls were used for calculations. ECG variables related to conduction intervals and severity of ischemia were measured using the most ischemic 12-lead ECG. RRI was calculated as the square root of the mean squared differences of successive RR intervals. For RRI, all QRS complexes, including ventricular ectopic beats, were used. RESULTS No baseline differences were observed between the study and control groups, except for male preponderance among ischemic VF patients (90% vs 72%, P = .019). QRS interval, ECG ischemia severity, RRI, and number of ventricular ectopic beats were significantly associated with ischemic VF. Multivariate analysis revealed RRI (odds ratio 1.006, 95% confidence interval 1.001-1.010, P = .016) and ST deviation score (odds ratio 1.073, 95% confidence interval 1.041-1.106, P <.001) as the only statistically significant predictors of ischemic VF. CONCLUSION In the period before ischemic VF, RRI and ST deviation score are associated with ischemic VF in STEMI patients. These findings could have important pathophysiologic and clinical implications.
Impact of the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guidelines for interpretability of continuous electrocardiography on the association of silent ischemia with troponin release after major noncardiac surgery; Introduction: Preexisting electrocardiographic abnormalities may limit accuracy of continuous electrocardiography (cECG) for ischemia determination. The American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association published criteria for the exclusion of unsuitable cECG curves from ST-segment interpretation. These criteria consider medication and 12-lead ECG findings (medication- and 12-lead ECG-based criteria) and cECG lead characteristics (cECG-based criteria). Methods: We recorded cECG in 300 patients undergoing major noncardiac surgery. We determined postoperative troponin and 12-month outcome. We compared the associations of cECG-detected ischemia with troponin and 12-month outcome with and without adherence to the criteria. Results: Adherence to the medication- and 12-lead ECG-based criteria enhanced the association between troponin and perioperative ischemia in CM5 (odds ratio, 3.74; 95% confidence interval, 1.88-7.44) and 7.03 (2.67-18.49), respectively; P = .049). Similarly, the association between ischemia in CM5 and 12-month Outcome tended to increase (P = .081). Conclusions: Applying the guideline criteria for the interpretation of cECG enhanced cECG diagnostic value in surgical patients. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Impact of genetic variations in the <i>WRN</i> gene on age related pathologies and mortality; Mutations in the WRN gene lead to the Werner syndrome (WS), which resembles premature aging. Here, we hypothesize that genetic variations in the WRN gene may also influence aging-trajectories in the population at large. To test this hypothesis, we assessed the impact of the il-C/T, L1074F and C1367R polymorphisms in the WRN gene on the occurrence of cardiovascular pathologies, on cognitive performance and on the risks of all-cause, cardiovascular and cancer mortalities in the population-based Leiden 85-plus Study. This prospective follow-up study includes 1245 participants aged 85 years and older, with a total follow-up of 5164 person-years. At baseline the risks of myocardial infarction, myocardial ischemia, intermittent claudication, arterial surgery and stroke dependent on the il-C/T, L1074F and C1367R polymorphisms, did not vary between the different genotypes. Also no differences in cognitive functioning were observed, except for attention, where carriers of the 1367R allele performed worse compared to the 1367C homozygotes (94.2 (4.35) versus 84.8 (1.84), p = 0.04). Mortality risks, calculated separately for all SNPs, were similar between the different genotype carriers of the il -C/T, L1074F and C1367R polymorphisms, showing no evidence of altered survival. In conclusion, the il-C/T, L1074F and C1367R polymorphisrns in the WRN gene do not influence the aging-trajectories and survival in the population at large. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cystatin C estimated renal dysfunction predicts T wave axis deviation in US adults: results from NHANES III; Patients with impaired kidney function are at increased risk of ventricular arrhythmia and sudden death. The association between chronic kidney disease and frontal T wave axis deviation, a cardiovascular risk factor, in individuals without heart disease is unexplored and unknown. To test the hypothesis that chronic kidney disease predicts frontal T-wave axis deviation, American participants 40 years of age or older from NHANES III, were categorized as having and not having chronic kidney disease based on glomerular filtration rates estimated by both serum cystatin C and serum creatinine and serum creatinine alone. Frontal T-wave axis deviation was measured from the standard 12-lead electrocardiogram. Multivariable adjustments for age, ace, smoking, metabolic syndrome, albuminuria, left ventricular mass, QRS duration and heart rate were performed. In multivariable weighted regression analysis, the odds ratio for abnormal frontal T wave axis deviations and their corresponding 95% CIs in patients with decreased glomerular filtration rate determined by an equation included cystatin and creatinine was 1.90 (1.20-3.32). The odds ratio of frontal T wave axis deviation due to decreased kidney function, determined using an equation included serum creatinine alone, was 1.65 (1.10-2.90). This study suggests that abnormal frontal T wave axis deviation abnormalities occur in subjects with chronic kidney disease. Those with decline in renal function should be considered at risk for potentially serious T-wave associated arrhythmias and thus carefully monitored.
Serum Long-Chain n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids, Mercury, and Risk of Sudden Cardiac Death in Men: A Prospective Population-Based Study; Objectives: Fish consumption has been associated with reduced risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVD), especially sudden cardiac death (SCD). Fish is the major source of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. It is also a major source of methylmercury, which was associated with increased risk of CVD in this study population. Impact of interaction between long-chain n-3 PUFA and methylmercury on the SCD risk is unknown. Methods: A total of 1857 men from the prospective, population-based Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor study, aged 42-60 years and free of CVD at baseline in 1984-1989, were studied. Serum long-chain n-3 PUFA was used as the marker for long-chain n-3 PUFA intake and hair mercury as the marker for mercury exposure. Results: During the mean follow-up of 20.1 years, 91 SCD events occurred. In the multivariate Cox proportional hazards regression models, serum long-chain n-3 PUFA concentration was not associated with the risk of SCD until hair mercury was accounted for; then the hazard ratio (HR) in the highest vs. lowest tertile was 0.54 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.32 to 0.91, p for trend = 0.046]. When the analyses were stratified by hair mercury content, among those with lower hair mercury, each 0.5 percentage unit increase in the serum long-chain n-3 PUFA was associated with HR of 0.77 (95% CI 0.64 to 0.93), whereas no association was seen among those with higher hair mercury (p for interaction = 0.01). Among the individual long-chain n-3 PUFA, docosahexaenoic acid was most strongly associated with the risk. Conclusion: High exposure to mercury may reduce the benefits of long-chain n-3 PUFA on SCD.
The 2013 Canadian Hypertension Education Program Recommendations for Blood Pressure Measurement, Diagnosis, Assessment of Risk, Prevention, and Treatment of Hypertension; We updated the evidence-based recommendations for the diagnosis, assessment, prevention, and treatment of hypertension in adults for 2013. This year's update includes 2 new recommendations. First, among nonhypertensive or stage 1 hypertensive individuals, the use of resistance or weight training exercise does not adversely influence blood pressure (BP) (Grade D). Thus, such patients need not avoid this type of exercise for fear of increasing BP. Second, and separately, for very elderly patients with isolated systolic hypertension (age 80 years or older), the target for systolic BP should be < 150 mm Hg (Grade C) rather than < 140 mm Hg as recommended for younger patients. We also discuss 2 additional topics at length (the pharmacological treatment of mild hypertension and the possibility of a diastolic J curve in hypertensive patients with coronary artery disease). In light of several methodological limitations, a recent systematic review of 4 trials in patients with stage 1 uncomplicated hypertension did not lead to changes in management recommendations. In addition, because of a lack of prospective randomized data assessing diastolic BP thresholds in patients with coronary artery disease and hypertension, no recommendation to set a selective diastolic cut point for such patients could be affirmed. However, both of these issues will be examined on an ongoing basis, in particular as new evidence emerges.
The 3′-UTR of the adiponectin Q gene harbours susceptibility loci for atherosclerosis and its metabolic risk traits; Background: Adiponectin Q is a hormone that modulates several metabolic processes and contributes to the suppression of biochemical pathways leading to metabolic syndrome. Hence, polymorphic changes in the adiponectin Q (ADIPOQ) gene are likely to contribute to metabolic disorders, and consequently lead to atherosclerosis. In the present study, we performed a population-based association study for 8 SNPs in 4646 Saudi individuals (2339 CAD cases versus angiographed 2307 controls) by real-time PCR. Methods: Linkage analysis was done by the Affymetrix Gene Chip array, sequencing by the MegaBACE DNA analysis system and genotyping accomplished by TaqMan chemistry with the Applied Biosystem real-time Prism 7900HT Sequence Detection System. Results: The rs2241766 (TG + GG) [Odds ratio(95% Confidence Interval = 1.35(1.01-1.72); p = 0.015] and rs9842733A > T [1.48(1.01-2.07); p = 0.042] were associated with hypertension [HTN; 3541 cases vs 1101 controls), following adjustment for the presence of other cardiovascular risk traits. The rs2241766 (TG + GG) was further implicated in harbouring of low high density lipoprotein levels (LHDL; 1353 versus 2156 controls) [1.35(1.10-1.67); p = 0.005], but lost its association with obesity after the adjustment for confounders. Besides, low high density lipoprotein was also linked with rs6444174 (TC + CC) [1.28(1.05-1.59)]. On the other hand, while initial univariate logistic regression analysis pointed to rs1063537 C > T (p = 0.010), rs2082940 C > T (p = 0.035) and rs1063539 G > C (p = 0.035) as being associated with myocardial infarction, significance levels of these relationships were diminished following adjustment for the influence of confounding covariates. Interestingly, haplotyping showed that an 8-mer haplotype GTGCCTCA and several of its derivatives constructed from the studied SNPs were commonly implicated in MI (chi(2) = 4.12; p = 0.042), HTN (chi(2) = 6.40; p = 0.011) and OBS (chi(2) = 5.18; p = 0.023). Conclusion: These results demonstrate that the ADIPOQ 3' UTR harbours common susceptibility variants for metabolic risk traits and CAD, pointing to the importance of this region in atherosclerosis disease pathways.
CD40 ligand and risk of ischemic stroke or coronary events in patients with chronic coronary heart disease; Background: CD40 ligand (CD40L) is a trimeric, transmembrane protein of the tumor necrosis factor family and together with its receptor CD40 is an important contributor to the inflammatory processes that lead to atherosclerosis, plaque destabilization, and thrombosis. Methods: In order to assess the association between serum concentrations of CD40 ligand (CD40L) and risk of future ischemic stroke and coronary events among patients with chronic CHD, we obtained baseline serum samples from patients (n = 3090) with chronic CHD enrolled in a secondary prevention trial. With a prospective nested case-control design, we measured baseline CD40L concentration in sera of patients who subsequently developed myocardial infarction, sudden cardiac death or ischemic stroke during follow-up (cases, n = 233) and in 233 age- and gender-matched pairs without any subsequent cardiovascular events. Results: Relative odds for recurrent cardiovascular events per one natural log unit difference of CD40L were 0.97 (95%Cl, 0.82-1.16). No increase in relative odds for recurrent cardiovascular events was observed per increasing quartiles of CD40L concentrations. In analysis for individual end-points, different trends of risks were observed beyond the 95 percentile for ischemic stroke (OR 2.22; 95%Cl, 0.46-12.5) and for recurrent coronary events (OR 0.35; 95%CI, 0.07-1.37), but falling short of statistical significance. Conclusion: High serum concentrations of CD40L were not associated with increased risk of ischemic stroke or coronary events in patients with chronic coronary heart disease. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Association of <i>Egr</i>3 genetic polymorphisms and coronary artery disease in the Uygur and Han of China; Background: Endothelial cell activation and dysfunction are the foundation of atherosclerosis, including coronary artery disease (CAD). Endothelial cell activation is mediated by the level of gene transcription. Early growth response 3 (Egr3) is a critical determinant of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) signalling in activated endothelial cells. If endothelial cells are excessively activated, it may lead to vasculopathic diseases, such as pathologic angiogenesis, inflammation, and atherosclerosis. The aim of the present study was to assess the association between the Egr3 gene polymorphisms and CAD. Methods: Two independent case-control studies that involved the Han group (409 CAD patients and 351 control subjects) and the Uygur group (299 CAD patients and 303 control subjects) analysed the relationship between Egr3 SNPs (rs1996147 and rs1008949) and CAD. Genotyping was undertaken using the TaqMan SNP genotyping assay. Results: The entire Uygur group and the males in the Uygur group showed a higher frequency of the A allele (rs1996147) in CAD patients than in the control subjects (P = 0.003 and P = 0.005, respectively). Additionally, the distribution of the recessive model of rs1996147 (AA vs GG + AG) for the total sample and the males was significantly different between CAD patients and control participants (P = 0.002 and P = 0.003, respectively), and the difference remained statistically significant following multivariate adjustment (Total: OR = 1.705; 95% CI: 1.166-2.494, P = 0.006; males: OR = 1.908, 95% CI: 1.189-3.062, P = 0.007). However, for Uygur females, we did not observe a difference in the allele frequency or genotypic distribution of rs1996147 between CAD patients and control participants. Similarly, the distribution of the rs1996147 allele frequency or genotypes showed no significant difference between patients with CAD and control participants in the Han group. The distribution of rs1008949 genotypes, dominant model, recessive model, and allele frequency did not show a significant difference between patients with CAD and the control subjects in the Han and Uygur groups. Conclusion: rs1996147 may be a novel polymorphism of the Egr3 gene associated with CAD in males of the Chinese Uygur population.
Dental Infection and Vascular Disease; Periodontitis is a chronic inflammatory response to bacterial plaque in which the anchoring bone and soft tissues supporting teeth are destroyed, resulting in tooth mobility and loss. Dental caries involves the spread of infection from the dentine to the vascular dental pulp and periapical bony tissues, before involvement of adjacent soft tissues and spreading sepsis. Several case-controlled, cross-sectional, and cohort studies report correlation between periodontitis and increased cardiovascular, cerebrovascular, and peripheral artery disease, as determined by clinical disease, angiography, ultrasonography, and reduced flow-mediated dilation. Some studies report a similar relationship of atherosclerosis with periapical infection and potentially also with coronal caries, and this review identifies the need to investigate these associations further. Smoking and cadmium exposure are epidemiologically confounding environmental risk factors shared by atherosclerosis and periodontitis. Further complicating epidemiological studies are the risk factors for both atherosclerosis and periodontitis, with which periodontitis appears to have separate positive feedback relationships. These include diabetes, increased plasma lipid levels, hypertension, and white blood cell count. Animal and human intervention studies provide some direct support of a causal role for periodontitis in atherosclerosis, and possible mechanisms include bacterial invasion of arteries, specific atherogenic properties of oral bacteria, the acute phase response, and cytokine polymorphisms.
TRACE-ELEMENT LEVEL AND TRACE-ELEMENT LEVEL COURSE IN PATIENTS WITH ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION; In a prospective study we determined the trace elements copper and iron and the element magnesium in the serum and observed their course during hospitalization (1st to 20th day) in 68 patients after acute myocardial infarction. the serum magnesium level was normal during the first five days after infarction and was then lowered significantly. Copper levels in the serum were found to be significantly increased as compared to normal mean values from the start of hospitalization up to the 20th  day. Iron serum levels were significantly decreased during the entire period of observation.
Adherence to antiplatelet treatment with P2Y12 receptor inhibitors. Is there anything we can do to improve it? A systematic review of randomized trials; Antiplatelet therapy is the cornerstone of treatment for patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and/or undergoing percutaneous coronary interventions. Non-adherence to medication after ACS may lead to increased morbidity, mortality, and costs to the healthcare system due to elevated risk of stent thrombosis, myocardial infarction or death. Medication adherence is an issue of growing concern regarding the improvement of health system performance. Promoting medication adherence offers a rare opportunity to simultaneously improve health outcomes while reducing costs of treatment in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). The aim of this systematic review was to critically discuss adherence to antiplatelet treatment with P2Y12 receptor inhibitors in CAD patients. After a systematic investigation of the literature in databases including PubMed, CENTRAL and Google Scholar, using appropriate keywords, and considering clinical randomized, prospective observational and retrospective studies, reporting on adherence to treatment with inhibitors of P2Y12 platelet receptors or educational interventions aimed to improve medication adherence in patients with CAD, seven articles were considered eligible for inclusion in this systematic review. Reported adherence to clopidogrel, despite catastrophic consequences of its premature discontinuation, is low. We identified several determinants of low adherence and early discontinuation of clopidogrel. We also present data on the usefulness, utilization and credibility of different methods of medication adherence assessment, and suggest and critically discuss available interventions aimed at improvement of adherence to clopidogrel, still showing the need for innovative approaches to achieve enhanced medication adherence and improve health outcomes after acute myocardial infarction.
The metabolic triad of visceral obesity:: An atherogenic condition; Complications such as hypertension, non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and cardiovascular diseases are more prevalent in obese patients than in normal weight individuals. However, considerable metabolic heterogeneity is found among obese patients. Studies published over the last 15 years have emphasized the role of body Fat distribution, especially of visceral adipose tissue accumulation as a critical correlate of metabolic abnormalities that have been in the past associated with excess fatness per se. Thus, excess visceral adipose tissue accumulation, which can be assessed by imaging techniques such as computed tomography, has been associated with hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance which may lead to NIDDM among genetically susceptible individuals, hypertriglyceridemia, elevated LDL particle concentration, increased proportion of small-dense LDL particles and reduced plasma HDL cholesterol concentrations. Recent findings of the prospective Quebec Cardiovascular Study have emphasized that this cluster of metabolic abnormalities is associated with a substantial increase in the risk of ischemic heart disease (IHD). As most visceral obese patients have rather 'normal' cholesterol levels, it is suggested that IHD risk in these individuals should be assessed, in addition to conventional risk variables, by a triad of metabolic abnormalities which include hyperinsulinemia, hyperapo B and small-dense LDL particles. These atherogenic metabolic complications are even found in the pre-diabetic state, suggesting that the time for the development of 'preventive endocrinology' approaches may have come. It is proposed that simple and inexpensive variables such as the waist circumference and fasting triglyceride levels may be helpful markers for the screening of high risk patients who are carriers of the 'atherogenic metabolic triad' of visceral obesity.
P-Wave Indices and Risk of Ischemic Stroke A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background and Purpose-Atrial cardiomyopathy is associated with an increased risk of ischemic stroke. P-wave terminal force in lead V-1, P-wave duration, and maximum P-wave area are electrocardiographic parameters that have been used to assess left atrial abnormalities related to developing atrial fibrillation. The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to examine their values for predicting ischemic stroke risk. Methods-PubMed and EMBASE databases were searched until December 2016 for studies that evaluated the association between P-wave indices and stroke risk. Both fixed-and random-effects models were used to calculate the overall effect estimates. Results-Ten studies examining P-wave terminal force in lead V-1, P-wave duration, and maximum P-wave area were included. P-wave terminal force in lead V-1 was found to be an independent predictor of stroke as both a continuous variable (odds ratio [OR] per 1 SD change, 1.18; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.12-1.25; P < 0.0001) and categorical variable (OR, 1.59; 95% CI, 1.10-2.28; P=0.01). P-wave duration was a significant predictor of incident ischemic stroke when analyzed as a categorical variable (OR, 1.86; 95% CI, 1.37-2.52; P < 0.0001) but not when analyzed as a continuous variable (OR, 1.05; 95% CI, 0.98-1.13; P=0.15). Maximum P-wave area also predicted the risk of incident ischemic stroke (OR per 1 SD change, 1.10; 95% CI, 1.04-1.17). Conclusions-P-wave terminal force in lead V-1, P-wave duration, and maximum P-wave area are useful electrocardiographic markers that can be used to stratify the risk of incident ischemic stroke.
Gender differences in the treatment of patients with acute myocardial ischemia and infarction in England; We conducted a retrospective cohort study based on a case note review to determine whether there are differences in the treatment pathways followed for men and women admitted with acute myocardial ischemia and infarction after adjusting for differences in case mix. Women were as likely as men to receive thrombolysis, but were less likely subsequently to undergo exercise testing (adjusted odds ratio, 0.58; 95% CI, 0.40-0.84) or angiography (adjusted odds ratio, 0.62; 95% CI, 0.39-0.99), Coronary anatomy was the strongest predictor of revascularization regardless of sex. Women with diagnosed cardiac pain are less likely than men to be placed on the investigative pathways that lead to revascularization. Those women who are investigated are as likely as men to undergo revascularization. These findings are independent of the effects of age, angina grade, comorbidity, or cardiac risk factors. Clinicians' and patients' beliefs and preferences about treatment require investigation.
QT dispersion is not related to infarct size or inducibility in patients with coronary artery disease and life threatening ventricular arrhythmias; Objective-To relate QT parameters to infarct size and inducibility during electrophysiological studies. Design-Analysis of a prospective register. Setting-University hospital. Patients-64 patients with coronary artery disease and documented life threatening ventricular arrhythmias. Interventions-Measurements of QT-max, QTc-max, and QT dispersion (QT-d) on a simultaneous 12 lead ECG (50 mm/s). Estimation of myocardial infarct size with radionuclide left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF), echocardiography (left ventricular end diastolic diameter, LVEDD), and a defect score based on a quantitative stress redistribution 201-thallium perfusion study. Electrophysiological study to assess inducibility. Results-Mean (SD) QT parameters were: QT-max 440 (50) ms, QTc-max 475 (46) ms, and QT-d 47 (20) ms. Mean (SD) estimates of infarct size were: LVEF 34 (13)%, LVEDD 61 (9) mm, and defect score 18 (11). There was no significant correlation between any index of infarct size and QT parameters. QT parameters were not significantly different between patients with inducible (n = 57) and noninducible arrhythmias (n = 7) (QT-max: 416 (30) v 443 (51) ms, p = 0.18; QTc-max 485 (34) v 473 (47) ms, p = 0.34; QT-d 47 (12) v 47 (21) ms, p = 0.73). Non-inducible patients had a significant lower defect score: 8 (9) v 19 (11), p = 0.02, but comparable LVEF: 38 (12)% v 34 (12)%, p = 0.58, and LVEDD: 54 (10) v 61 (8) mm, p = 0.13. Conclusions-QT parameters are not influenced by infarct size and do not predict inducibility during electrophysiological study in patients with coronary artery disease and malignant ventricular arrhythmias. In contrast, the amount of scar tissue determined by perfusion imaging is strongly correlated with inducibility.
Clinical Utility of Ventricular Repolarization Dispersion for Real-Time Detection of Non-ST Elevation Myocardial Infarction in Emergency Departments; Background-A specific electrocardiographic (ECG) marker of ischemia would greatly improve the speed and accuracy of detecting and treating non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI). We hypothesize that ischemia induces ventricular repolarization dispersion (VRD), altering the T-wave before any ST segment deviation. We sought to evaluate the clinical utility of VRD to (1) detect NSTEMI cases in the emergency department (ED) and (2) identify NSTEMI cases at high risk for in-hospital major adverse cardiac events (MACEs). Methods and Results-We continuously recorded 12-lead Holter ECGs from chest pain patients upon their arrival to the ED. VRD was quantified using principal component analysis of the 12-lead ECG to compute a T-wave complexity ratio (ie, ratio of second to first eigenvectors of repolarization). Clinical outcomes were obtained from hospital records. The sample was composed mainly of older males (n=369; ages 63 +/- 12 years; 63% males), and 92 (25%) had NSTEMI and 26 (7%) had MACEs. Baseline T-wave complexity ratio modestly correlated with peak troponin levels (r=0.41; P<0.001) and was a good classifier of NSTEMI events (area under the curve=0.70). An increased T-wave complexity ratio on the presenting ECG was strongly associated with NSTEMI (odds ratio [OR]=3.8 [2.1 to 5.8]) and in-hospital MACE (OR=8.2 [3.1 to 21.5]). Conclusions-A simple measure of global VRD on the presenting 12-lead ECG correlates with ischemic myocardial injury and can discriminate NSTEMI cases very early during evaluation. Prospective studies should validate these findings and test whether VRD can guide therapy.
Diabetic Retinopathy Predicts All-Cause Mortality and Cardiovascular Events in Both Type 1 and 2 Diabetes Meta-analysis of observational studies; OBJECTIVE-The prognostic significance of diabetic retinopathy (DR) for death and cardiovascular (CV) outcomes is debated. We investigated the association of DR with all-cause mortality and CV events in patients with diabetes by a systematic review and meta-analysis. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-The electronic databases Medline and Embase were searched for cohort studies that evaluated DR in type 2 or type 1 diabetic patients and reported total mortality and/or fatal and nonfatal CV events, including myocardial infarction, angina pectoris, coronary artery bypass graft, ischemic changes on a conventional 12-lead electrocardiogram, transient ischemic attack, nonfatal stroke, or lower leg amputation. Data extraction was performed by two reviewers independently. Pooled effect estimates were obtained by using random-effects meta-analysis. RESULTS-The analysis included 20 studies that fulfilled the inclusion criteria, providing data from 19,234 patients. In patients with type 2 diabetes (n = 14,896), the presence of any degree of DR increased the chance for all-cause mortality and/or CV events by 2.34 (95% CI 1.96-2.80) compared with patients without DR. In patients with type 1 diabetes (n = 4,438), the corresponding odds ratio was 4.10 (1.50-11.18). These associations remained after adjusting for traditional CV risk factors. DR was also predictive of all-cause mortality in type 2 diabetes (odds ratio 2.41 [1.87-3.10]) and type 1 diabetes (3.65 [1.05-12.66]). CONCLUSIONS-The presence of DR was associated with an increased risk of all-cause mortality and CV events in both type 2 and type 1 diabetic patients.
Implications of ST-Segment Elevation in Leads V<sub>5</sub> and V<sub>6</sub> in Patients With Reperfused Inferior Wall Acute Myocardial Infarction; During inferior acute myocardial infarction, ST-segment elevation (ST up arrow) often occurs in leads V-5 to V-6, but its clinical implications remain unclear. We examined the admission electrocardiograms from 357 patients with a first inferior acute myocardial infarction who had Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction 3 flow of the right coronary artery or left circumflex artery within 6 hours after symptom onset. The patients were divided according to the presence (n = 76) or absence (n = 281) of ST up arrow >2 mm in leads V-5 and V-6. Patients with ST up arrow in leads V-5 and V-6 were subdivided into 2 groups according to the degree of ST up arrow in leads III and V-6: ST up arrow in lead III greater than in V-6 (n = 53) and ST up arrow in lead III equal to or less than in V-6 (n = 23). The perfusion territory of the culprit artery was assessed using the angiographic distribution score, and a mega-artery was defined as a score of ST up arrow in leads V-5 and V-6 with ST up arrow in lead III greater than in V-6 and ST up arrow in leads V-5 and V-6 with ST up arrow is in lead III equal to or less than in V-6 were associated with mega-artery occlusion and impaired myocardial reperfusion, as defined by myocardial blush grade 0 to 1. Right coronary artery occlusion was most common (96%) in the former, and left circumflex artery occlusion was most common (96%) in the latter, especially proximal left circumflex occlusion (74%). Multivariate analysis showed that ST up arrow in leads V-5 and V-6 with ST up arrow in lead III greater than that in V-6 (odds ratio 4.81, p <0.001) and ST up arrow is in leads V-5 and V-6 with ST up arrow in lead III equal or less than that in V-6 (odds ratio 5.96, p <0.001) were independent predictors of impaired myocardial reperfusion. In conclusion, ST up arrow is in leads V-5 and V-6 suggests a greater risk area and impaired myocardial reperfusion in patients with inferior acute myocardial infarction. Furthermore, comparing the degree of ST up arrow in lead V-6 with that in lead III is useful for predicting the culprit artery. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2012;109:314-319)
Change in ST segment elevation 60 minutes after thrombolytic initiation predicts clinical outcome as accurately as later electrocardiographic changes; Objective-To compare prospectively the prognostic accuracy of a 50% decrease in ST segment elevation on standard 12-lead electrocardiograms (ECGs) recorded at 60, 90, and 180 minutes after thrombolysis initiation in acute myocardial infarction. Design-Consecutive sample prospective cohort study. Setting-A single coronary care unit in the north of England. Patients-190 consecutive patients receiving thrombolysis for first acute myocardial infarction. Interventions-Thrombolysis at baseline. Main outcome measures-Cardiac mortality and left ventricular size and function assessed 36 days later. Results-Failure of ST segment elevation to resolve by 50% in the single lead of maximum ST elevation or the sum ST elevation of all infarct related ECG leads at each of the times studied was associated with a significantly higher mortality, larger left ventricular volume, and lower ejection fraction. There was some variation according to infarct site with only the 60 minute ECG predicting mortality after inferior myocardial infarction and only in anterior myocardial infarction was persistent ST elevation associated with worse left ventricular function. The analysis of the lead of maximum ST elevation at 60 minutes from thrombolysis performed as well as later ECGs in receiver operating characteristic curves for predicting clinical outcome. Conclusion-The standard 12-lead ECG at 60 minutes predicts clinical outcome as accurately as later ECGs after thrombolysis for first acute myocardial infarction.
Chicken or the egg: ST elevation in lead aVR or SYNTAX score; Background: ST-segment elevation in lead aVR (STEaVR) anticipates left main and/or three-vessel disease (LM/3VD) in patients with acute coronary syndromes. STEaVR is generally reciprocal to and accompanied by ST-segment depression (STD) in the precordial leads. SYNTAX score (SS) is an angiographic scoring system and is widely used to evaluate the severity and complexity of coronary artery disease. The purpose of our study was to assess the relationship between STEaVR and SS. Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis of 117 patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome (NSTEACS). Electrocardiograms at presentation were reviewed, especially for ST-segment elevation of >= 0.05 mV in lead aVR and STD of >= 0.05 mV in more than two contiguous leads. All lesions causing >= 50% stenosis in a coronary artery with a diameter of >= 1.5 mm were included in the SS calculation. SS was divided into two groups: >= 23: high, < 23: low. Results: Among the 117 patients, 80 (68.4%) had STEaVR and 37 (31.6%) did not. Patients with STEaVR had a higher SS and higher rate of LM/3VD (85 vs 67.6%, p < 0.001; 86.2 vs 72.9%, p = 0.03, respectively) than those without STEaVR. On multivariate analysis, STEaVR [odds ratio (OR) 1.85; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.20-3.97, p = 0.03] and STD in leads V 1-V 4 (OR 2.14; 95% CI: 1.46-4.23, p = 0.002) were independent predictors of a high SS. Conclusion: This study demonstrated that STEaVR was an independent predictor of a high SS.
Prognostic impact from clinic, daytime, and night-time systolic blood pressure in nine cohorts of 13 844 patients with hypertension; Background and method: To determine which SBP measure best predicts cardiovascular events (CVEs) independently, a systematic review was conducted for cohorts with all patients diagnosed with hypertension, 1+ years follow-up, and coronary artery disease and stroke outcomes. Lead investigators provided ad hoc analyses for each cohort. Meta-analyses gave hazard ratios from clinic SBP (CSBP), daytime SBP (DSBP), and night-time SBP (NSBP). Coefficients of variation of SBP measured dispersion. Nine cohorts (n = 13 844) were from Europe, Brazil, and Japan. For sleep-wake SBP classification, seven cohorts used patient-specific information. Results: Overall, NSBP's dispersion exceeded DSBP's dispersion by 22.6% with nonoverlapping confidence limits. Within all nine cohorts, dispersion for NSBP exceeded that for CSBP and DSBP. For each comparison, P = 0.004 that this occurred by chance. Considered individually, increases in NSBP, DSBP, and CSBP each predicted CVEs: hazard ratios (95% confidence intervals) = 1.25 (1.22-1.29), 1.20 (1.15-1.26), and 1.11 (1.06-1.16), respectively. However, after simultaneous adjustment for all three SBPs, hazard ratios were 1.26 (1.20-1.31), 1.01 (0.94-1.08), and 1.00 (0.95-1.05), respectively. Cohorts with baseline antihypertensive treatment and cohorts with patient-specific information for night-day BP classification gave similar results. Within most cohorts, simultaneously adjusted hazard ratios were greater for NSBP than for DSBP and CSBP: P = 0.023 and 0.012, respectively, that this occurred by chance. Conclusion: In hypertensive patients, NSBP had greater dispersion than DSBP and CSBP in all cohorts. On simultaneous adjustment, compared with DSBP and CSBP, increased NSBP independently predicted higher CVEs in most cohorts, and, overall, NSBP independently predicted CVEs, whereas CSBP and DSBP lost their predictive ability entirely.
Should low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) be treated?; The first observations linking a low serum level of HDL-C to increased risk for cardiovascular disease were made over 50 years ago. High serum levels of HDL-C appear to protect against the development of atherosclerotic disease, while low serum levels of this lipoprotein are among the most important predictors of atherosclerotic disease in both men and women and people of all racial and ethnic groups throughout the world. It has long been assumed that therapeutic interventions targeted at raising HDL-C levels would lower risk for such cardiovascular events as myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, and death. Even after five decades of intensive investigation, evidence to support this assumption has been fleeting. A number of post hoc analyses of randomized controlled trials and meta-analyses suggest that HDL-C raising, particularly when coupled with aggressive LDL-C reduction, impacts risk for cardiovascular events and rates of progression of atherosclerotic disease. Unfortunately, four recent prospective trials performed with the intent of testing the "HDL hypothesis" (ILLUMINATE, dal-OUTCOMES, AIM-HIGH, and HPS2-THRIVE) failed to meet their primary composite endpoints. These results have lead many clinicians and investigators to question the validity of the assumption that HDL-C raising reduces risk for cardiovascular events. Additional trials with other drugs are underway. In the meantime, HDL-C cannot be considered a target of therapy. Given the complexity of the HDL proteome and lipidome, there is biological plausibility for how HDL particles might exert atheroprotection. We explore the evidence supporting the inverse relationship between HDL-C and cardiovascular disease risk, documented mechanisms by which HDL particles may exert atheroprotection, and the findings either supporting or negating specific therapeutic interventions in patients afflicted with low HDL-C. (c) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fragmented QRS complexes not typical of a bundle branch block: A marker of greater myocardial perfusion tomography abnormalities in coronary artery disease; Background. Fragmented QRS (FQRS) complexes, not typical of a bundle branch block, are a marker of regional myocardial injury. The extent of stress myocardial perfusion imaging (MPI) abnormalities with FQRS patterns is not known. Methods and Results. Twelve-lead electrocardiograms (ECGs) in 501 patients undergoing stress MPI were studied. FQRS was defined as a QRS duration of 120 milliseconds or less, with notches or slurs of QRS complexes, on 2 contiguous leads of a coronary artery territory. Abnormal MPI was defined as a regional summed stress score (SSS) and summed rest score (SRS) of 3 or greater based on a 17-segment model. Patients with a typical bundle (n = 26), paced rhythm (n = 2), and Q waves (n = 64) were excluded. Of the remaining 409 patients (mean age, 58 13 years; 52% male), 155 (38%) had FQRS on the ECG. FQRS patients had a higher mean SSS, SRS, and global summed difference score and a lower left ventricular ejection fraction (all P < .001), as well as greater regional stress MPI scar (69% vs 11%, P < .001). FQRS pattern sensitivity was 75% and specificity was 94% for a corresponding regional MPI scar. On logistic regression, SSS, SRS, summed difference score, left ventricular ejection fraction, and regional scar were univariate predictors of the FQRS pattern on the ECG (all P < .01), and any regional scar (odds ratio, 32; P < .001) was a multivariate predictor. Conclusions. FQRS complexes on an ECG are a marker of higher stress MPI perfusion and functional abnormalities. Regional FQRS patterns denote the presence of a greater corresponding focal regional myocardial scar on stress MPI.
Homocysteine and vitamins in cardiovascular disease; On the basis of recent retrospective and prospective studies, it is now widely accepted that increased total plasma homocysteine is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Impaired enzyme function as a result of genetic mutation or deficiency of the essential B vitamins folic acid, B-12, and B-6 can lead to hyperhomocysteinemia. Oxidized forms of homocysteine account for 98-99% of total plasma homocysteine. Although there is uncertainty as to whether increased homocysteine is causal or merely a proxy for cardiovascular disease, several lines of evidence suggest that it may play a role in atherothrombotic disease. Homocysteine appears to alter the anticoagulant properties of endothelial cells to a procoagulant phenotype. Mildly increased homocysteine causes dysfunction of the vascular endothelium. Folic acid effectively lowers homocysteine concentration in the plasma. Intervention studies are urgently needed to determine if lowering homocysteine is effective in decreasing the morbidity and mortality of cardiovascular disease.
The effect of low FT3 levels on coronary artery calcification and MACE in outpatients with suspected coronary artery disease; Objective Considerable evidence suggests that thyroid dysfunction, especially hypothyroidism, may lead to coronary artery disease (CAD). The aim of this study is to investigate the effect of low serum levels of free triiodothyronine (FT3) on coronary artery calcification in outpatients with suspected CAD and the occurrence rate of major adverse cardiac events (MACE) in these patients. Methods A total of 588 outpatients with suspected CAD were enrolled in this study. The patients' blood samples were assayed for FT3, free thyroxine, thyroid stimulating hormone and serum lipids. On the basis of FT3 levels, these patients were divided into low FT3 (FT3 < 3.5 pmol/l; n = 127) and normal FT3 (>= 3.5 pmol/l; n = 461) groups. Coronary artery calcification scores (CACS) were measured using dual-source computed tomography. The occurrence of MACE was recorded during the follow-up period (8-29 months) and their relationship with FT3 levels was investigated. Results Patients with low FT3 levels had higher CACS (337.52 +/- 339.36 vs. 194.89 +/- 347.29, P < 0.001) and a higher incidence of MACE (7.9 vs. 2.2%, P = 0.002) compared with those with normal FT3 levels (>= 3.5 pmol/l). Logistic regression analysis showed that the FT3 levels are inversely associated with CACS (odds ratio = 0.463, 95% confidence interval = 0.282-0.761, P = 0.002) and patients with CACS greater than 100 have lower FT3 levels than those with lower CACS (P < 0.001). Kaplan-Meier analysis showed that patients with low FT3 levels have a higher incidence of MACE. Conclusion FT3 levels were inversely associated with CACS and the incidence of MACE in patients with suspected CAD. A low FT3 level was an important predictor of the occurrence of MACE. (C) 2014 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Detection of myocardial ischemia by transesophageal echocardiographically determined changes in left ventricular area in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass surgery; Study Objective: To evaluate left ventricular (LV) dimensions and function during myocardial ischemic episodes in anesthetized patients undergoing coronary artery bypass surgery. Design: Prospective, nonrandomized study. Setting: Large medical school-affiliated tertiary-care medical center. Patients: 36 adults undergoing elective primary coronary artery bypass surgery. Interventions: Transesophageal atrial pacing for 3 to 5 minutes at heart rates (HRs) of 65, 70, 80, and 90 beats per minute. Measurements and Main Results: Arterial, pulmonary artery and venous pressures, transesophageal echocardiographic (TEE) determined LV end-diastolic (EDA) and end-systolic (ESA) areas, and fractional area change (FAC = [EDA-ESA]/EDA). Myocardial ischemia determined as at least 1 mm ST segment deviation at J + 60 milliseconds from 12-lead electrocardiography (ECG) and TEE detected new LV regional wall motion abnormalities. Biplane TEE images were recorded on videotape, and LV EDA and ESA were determined with planimetry from images of the LV short axis. Myocardial ischemia was observed in 12 patients. In these patients, EDA and ESA were higher and FAC lower than those patients without ischemia at the same HR. There were no differences between. patients with and without myocardial ischemia with regard to pulmonary artery occlusion pressure, stroke volume, or other hemodynamic variables. The positive predictive values were best for ESA (67%) and EDA (58%), and least for FAC (18%). Negative predictive values were highest for ESA (85%) and EDA (80%), and least for FAC (47%). Conclusions: In anesthetized patients undergoing coronary artery bypass surgery, myocardial ischemia observed during atrial pacing results in increases in LV dimensions and decreases in FAC compared with values in patients without ischemia. These results support further investigations of the clinical usefulness of monitoring LV EDA and LV ESA with TEE as a method of myocardial ischemia detection. (C) 1997 by Elsevier Science Inc.
CLINICAL-SIGNIFICANCE OF SILENT ISCHEMIA IN UNSTABLE ANGINA-PECTORIS; In a prospective study the significance of silent ischemia was evaluated in 66 patients with a clinical diagnosis of unstable angina (no requirement for reversible ST-T changes during pain on 12-lead electrocardiograms before entry), and the results of continuous 2-channel electrocardiographic (ECG) recordings, begun within 24 hours of admission, were compared with other clinical and ECG predictors of adverse outcome. Ischemic changes were detected in 7 patients (11%) during a mean of 41 hours of recording. There were 37 episodes of transient ST-segment change (16 ST elevation, 21 ST depression) of which 11 (30%) were symptomatic and 26 (70%) were silent. All 7 patients had at least 1 silent episode and 5 also had symptomatic episodes during the recording but only 2 patients had exclusively silent episodes. During a mean follow-up of 13.3 months, 3 patients died, 5 had a nonfatal myocardial infarction and 32 required revascularization. Although transient myocardial ischemia during the continuous ECG recording, whether silent or symptomatic, was a specific predictor of subsequent nonfatal myocardial infarction or death (specificity 92%), its sensitivity for these events was low (25%). In contrast, recurrent rest pain (.gtoreq. 1 episode) occurred in all patients with these serious adverse events (sensitivity 100%, specificity 49%). Transient ischemia occurs infrequently during continuous ECG recordings in patients with unstable angina not selected by reversible ST-T changes on a  12-lead electrocardiogram at entry. Recurrent rest pain after hospital admission is a more sensitive predictor of serious events in this group.
Gender differences in the evaluation of coronary artery disease with a cadmium-zinc telluride camera; Coronary artery disease remains one of the most significant causes of morbidity and mortality among women. The published literature shows the importance of standard single photon emission computed tomography in the evaluation of women with known or suspected ischaemic heart disease, in terms of target intervention and clinical treatment. The purpose of the present study was to ascertain the diagnostic accuracy of cadmium-zinc-telluride (CZT) myocardial perfusion imaging according to gender, within a prospective database of patients with known or suspected coronary artery disease, using coronary angiography as the reference standard. Included in the study were 309 consecutive patients, of whom 248 were men (80 %), with known or suspected coronary artery disease and who had been referred to our laboratory for stress-rest myocardial perfusion imaging. All patients underwent coronary angiography within 30 days. All patients underwent a single-day stress-rest low-dose ultrafast protocol. Fifteen minutes after the end of the stress (dose range 185 to 222 MBq of Tc-99m-tetrofosmin), all patients underwent the first scan with an acquisition time of 7 min. The rest scan (dose range 370 to 444 MBq of Tc-99m-tetrofosmin) was acquired from 30 min to 45 min after injection, with an acquisition time of 6 min. Images were visually inspected, and summed stress scores (SSS) and summed rest scores (SRS) were obtained. Image quality was graded "good" or better in more than 90 % of patients. On coronary angiography, left main trunk stenosis, left anterior descending artery stenosis, left circumflex artery stenosis and right coronary artery stenosis were seen in 3, 155 , 142 and 131 patients, respectively. In women, the mean SSS and SRS were 8 +/- 5 and 3 +/- 1, respectively. Semiquantitative regional and global SSS were good discriminants of coronary artery disease, and the overall area under the receiver operator characteristic (ROC) curve was 0.822 (95 % CI 0.685 - 0.959). The value was comparable to that obtained in men (overall ROC area 0.884, 95 % CI 0.836 - 0.933). A low-dose protocol with a CZT camera can be routinely used in women with known or suspected coronary artery disease without loss of accuracy and with lower radiation exposure of the patients.
Bypass Grafting Versus Percutaneous Intervention-Which Is Better in Multivessel Coronary Disease: Lessons From SYNTAX and Beyond; The landmark Synergy between Percutaneous Coronary Intervention with Taxus and Cardiac Surgery (SYNTAX) Trial has aided in reducing the area of uncertainty in decision-making between percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) and coronary artery bypass graft (CABO) surgery in patients with complex coronary artery disease. As part of the SYNTAX Trial, quantification of the coronary artery disease burden was prospectively undertaken by the Heart Team - consisting of at least an interventional cardiologist and cardiac surgeon - utilising the anatomical SYNTAX Score (www.syntaxscore.com) as a clinical tool in order to agree that equivalent anatomical revascularisation could be achieved. The anatomical SYNTAX Score is now advocated in both European and US revascularisation guidelines to guide decision-making between CABO and PCI as part of the SYNTAX pioneered Heart Team approach. In addition, the SYNTAX Trial has lead to the development and validation of the SYNTAX Score II, in which the anatomical SYNTAX Score was augmented with clinical variables, to allow for more objective and tailored decision making for the individual patient. Prospective validation of the SYNTAX Score II tool is currently ongoing in the SYNTAX II (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02015832) and EXCEL (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01205776) trials. The present paper presents lessons learned from SYNTAX, including the development and/or validation of several SYNTAX based clinical tools, and the potential implications for current and future clinical practice. (C) 2015 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Dietary and blood selenium are inversely associated with the prevalence of stroke among Inuit in Canada; Inuit in Canada have high selenium intake from the consumption of country food such as fish and marine mammals. The health consequence is not known. This study examines the association between blood selenium concentration and prevalence of stroke among Canadian Inuit. The International Polar Year Inuit Health Survey was conducted in 2007-2008. Among the 2077 adults participants ( 18 years old) who completed a questionnaire and gave blood samples, 49 stroke cases were reported, 31 of which were from women. The crude prevalence of stroke was 2.4% in the participants. Participants with stroke had lower blood selenium (geometric mean: 260 mu g/L vs. 319 mu/L) and dietary selenium (144 mu g/day vs. 190 mu g/day) compared to individuals without stroke. Participants with high blood/dietary selenium exposure (quartiles 3 and 4) had a lower prevalence of stroke compared to those with low selenium exposure (quartile 1). The adjusted odds ratio ranged from 0.09 to 0.25 among subgroups (e.g. age, sex, and blood mercury). An L-shaped relationship between prevalence of stroke with blood and dietary selenium was observed, based on the cubic restricted spline and segmented regression analyses. The estimated turning points of the L-shaped curve for blood selenium and dietary selenium were 450 mu g/L and 350 mu g/day, respectively. Below the turning points, it was estimated that each 50-pg/L increase in blood selenium was associated with a 38% reduction in the prevalence of stroke, and each 50-mu g/day increase in dietary selenium was associated with a 30% reduction in the prevalence of stroke. In conclusion, blood and dietary selenium are reversely associated with the prevalence of stroke in Inuit, which follows an L-shaped relationship. Whether this relationship applies to other population needs further investigation.
In utero and early life arsenic exposure in relation to long-term health and disease; Background: There is a growing body of evidence that prenatal and early childhood exposure to arsenic from drinking water can have serious long-term health implications. Objectives: Our goal was to understand the potential long-term health and disease risks associated with in utero and early life exposure to arsenic, as well as to examine parallels between findings from epidemiological studies with those from experimental animal models. Methods: We examined the current literature and identified relevant studies through PubMed by using combinations of the search terms "arsenic", "in utero", "transplacental", "prenatal" and "fetal". Discussion: Ecological studies have indicated associations between in utero and/or early life exposure to arsenic at high levels and increases in mortality from cancer, cardiovascular disease and respiratory disease. Additional data from epidemiologic studies suggest intermediate effects in early life that are related to risk of these and other outcomes in adulthood. Experimental animal studies largely support studies in humans, with strong evidence of transplacental carcinogenesis, atherosclerosis and respiratory disease, as well as insight into potential underlying mechanisms of arsenic's health effects. Conclusions: As millions worldwide are exposed to arsenic and evidence continues to support a role for in utero arsenic exposure in the development of a range of later life diseases, there is a need for more prospective studies examining arsenic's relation to early indicators of disease and at lower exposure levels. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A quantitative analysis of fish consumption and stroke risk; Although a rich source of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) that may confer multiple health benefits, some fish contain methyl mercury (MeHg), which may harm the developing fetus. U.S. government recommendations for women of childbearing age are to modify consumption of high-MeHg fish to reduce MeHg exposure, while recommendations encourage fish consumption among the general population because of the nutritional benefits. The Harvard Center for Risk Analysis convened an expert panel (see acknowledgments) to quantify the net impact of resulting hypothetical changes in fish consumption across the population. This paper estimates the impact of fish consumption on stroke risk. Other papers quantify coronary heart disease mortality risk and the impacts of both prenatal MeHg exposure and maternal intake of n-3 PUFAs on cognitive development. This analysis identified articles in a recent qualitative literature review that are appropriate for the development of a dose-response relationship between fish consumption and stroke risk. Studies had to satisfy quality criteria, quantify fish intake, and report the precision of the relative risk estimates. The analysis combined the relative risk results, weighting each proportionately to its precision. Six studies were identified as appropriate for inclusion in this analysis, including five prospective cohort studies and one case-control study (total of 24 exposure groups). Our analysis indicates that any fish consumption confers substantial relative risk reduction compared to no fish consumption (12% for the linear model), with the possibility that additional consumption confers incremental benefits (central estimate of 2.0% per serving per week).
Blood Pressure Changes in Relation to Arsenic Exposure in a US Pregnancy Cohort; BACKGROUND: Inorganic arsenic exposure has been related to the risk of increased blood pressure based largely on cross-sectional studies conducted in highly exposed populations. Pregnancy is a period of particular vulnerability to environmental insults. However, little is known about the cardiovascular impacts of arsenic exposure during pregnancy. OBJECTIVES: We evaluated the association between prenatal arsenic exposure and maternal blood pressure over the course of pregnancy in a U.S. population. METHODS: The New Hampshire Birth Cohort Study is an ongoing prospective cohort study in which > 10% of participant household wells exceed the arsenic maximum contaminant level of 10 mu g/L established by the U.S. EPA. Total urinary arsenic measured at 24-28 weeks gestation was measured and used as a biomarker of exposure during pregnancy in 514 pregnant women, 18-45 years of age, who used a private well in their household. Outcomes were repeated blood pressure measurements (systolic, diastolic, and pulse pressure) recorded during pregnancy. RESULTS: Using linear mixed effects models, we estimated that, on average, each 5-mu g/L increase in urinary arsenic was associated with a 0.15-mmHg (95% CI: 0.02, 0.29; p = 0.022) increase in systolic blood pressure per month and a 0.14-mmHg (95% CI: 0.02, 0.25; p = 0.021) increase in pulse pressure per month over the course of pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: In our U.S. cohort of pregnant women, arsenic exposure was associated with greater increases in blood pressure over the course of pregnancy. These findings may have important implications because even modest increases in blood pressure impact cardiovascular disease risk.
POSTOPERATIVE MYOCARDIAL-ISCHEMIA - EPIDURAL VERSUS INTRAVENOUS PATIENT-CONTROLLED ANALGESIA - A PILOT PROJECT; Background and Objectives. Continuous postoperative epidural analgesia with bupivacaine (BUP) and morphine (MS) may be associated with a decreased incidence of postoperative myocardial ischemia (ISCH) and infarction (MI). This study evaluated the incidence of ISCH and MI in patients with two or more risk factors for coronary artery disease (CAD) who were admitted to the ICU after upper abdominal surgery for cancer. Methods. During a 1-year period, 198 patients were studied for the incidence of ISCH and MI in a prospective, nonrandomized fashion. The epidural group (EPI, n = 110) received continuous epidural anesthesia by injection at the T7-9 interspaces with 0.5% BUP/0.013% MS and light general anesthesia followed by 0.1% BUP/0.01% MS epidural analgesia for 5-7 days. The general anesthesia group (GEN, n = 88) received a balanced technique followed by intravenous patient-controlled analgesia with 0.1% MS for 5-7 days. All patients had preoperative and post operative 12 lead ECGs every 6 hours on the first 3 postoperative days. Patients with ECG changes consistent with myocardial ischemia had creatine kinase levels with isoenzymes drawn every 8 hours. Results. There were no differences in age, sex, number of cardiac risk factors, number taking anti-anginal medication, preoperative heart rate (75 +/- 5 [EPI] vs. 73 +/- 4 [GEN]), and incidence of preoperative or intraoperative ischemia between the two groups. All patients had adequate analgesia. Postoperatively, patients in the EPI group had a lower incidence of tachycardia (15 [14%] vs. 58 [65%], P < .00001), ischemia (5 [5%] vs. 15 [17%]. P < .004), and infarction (0 vs. 3 [20% of patients with ischemia]). All episodes of ischemia were silent and occurred more frequently during the first 36 hours post-operatively (14 episodes or 72%). Overall 60% of the ISCH episodes were associated with tachycardia (5/5 in the EPI group and 7/15 in the GEN group). There were no deaths in either group. Conclusions. These preliminary results suggest that epidural anesthesia and analgesia may decrease the incidence of postoperative tachycardia, ischemia, and possibly infarction in patients undergoing upper abdominal procedures.
A COMPARISON OF DIFFERENT MATCHING DESIGNS IN CASE-CONTROL STUDIES - AN EMPIRICAL EXAMPLE USING CONTINUOUS EXPOSURES, CONTINUOUS CONFOUNDERS AND INCIDENCE OF MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION; The paper presents a case-control study involving a disease, exposures and several continuous confounders. The relative efficiency and validity of a fully matched design is compared with random sampling of controls. We test a viable option of a partially matched design when inability to match all study subjects on all confounders occurs. The degree of bias in the odds ratios introduced by the different designs and by the different analytic models is assessed in comparison with the estimates obtained from a total cohort, from which both cases and controls were selected. Matched designs and analytic strategies are also evaluated in terms of the variances of the odds ratios. The results indicate that matching on continuous variables may lead to a more precise estimate of odds ratio than statistical control of confounding in unmatched designs. Partial selection of controls by matching may be a useful strategy when complete matching cannot be achieved; in practice, partial matching achieves most of the benefits of full matching.
Clinical trials in acute myocardial infarction: Should we adjust for baseline characteristics?; Background Clinical trials concerning acute myocardial infarction often evaluate short-term death. Several baseline characteristics are predictors of death, most notably age. Adjustment for one or more predictors in a multivariable analysis may be considered to correct the estimate of the treatment effect for any imbalance that by chance may have occurred between the randomized groups. Moreover, adjustment results in a stratified estimate of the effect of treatment. Methods and Results The effects of adjustment (correction for imbalance and stratification) were studied with logistic regression analysis in the Global Use of Strategies to Open Occluded Coronary Arteries (GUSTO)-I trial. The primary end point was 30-day death, which occurred in 6.3% of 10,348 patients randomly assigned to tissue plasminogen activator and 7.3% of 20, 162 patients randomly assigned to streptokinase thrombolytic therapy. This is equivalent to an unadjusted odds ratio of 0.853. No significant imbalance had occurred for any of 17 baseline characteristics considered, including well-known demographic, presenting, and history characteristics. Adjusted for age, the odds ratio was 0.829, which is an 18% increase in estimated effect on the logistic scale. When adjusted for 17 characteristics, the odds ratio was 0.820, an increase of 25%. The increase in effect estimate was largely explained by the stratification effect and only partly by imbalance of predictors. Conclusions Adjustment for predictive baseline characteristics, even when largely balanced, may lead to clearly different estimates of the treatment effect on mortality rates. Adjustment for important predictors such as age is recommended in clinical trials studying patients with acute myocardial infarction.
The presence of ST-elevation in lead aVR predicts significant left main coronary artery stenosis in cardiogenic shock resulting from myocardial infarction: The Manitoba cardiogenic shock registry; Introduction: Electrocardiographic (ECG) predictors of significant angiographic left main coronary artery stenosis (LMCS> 50%) have been described in acute myocardial infarction using ST-segment elevation in lead aVR (aVR-STE). However, there is a paucity of data on its association with LMCS>50% in the setting of cardiogemic shock (CGS). Methods: We investigated 210 consecutive, unselected, patients from Sept. 2002-2006 with CGS due to acute myocardial infarction undergoing cardiac catheterization. Of those, 191 patients with interpretable ECG tracings for aVR-STE analysis formed our study sample. aVR-STE was defined as ST-segment elevation=1mm in aVR while LMCS>50% on coronary angiogram was defined as any left main lesion that demonstrated >50% lumen narrowing or equivalent by direct visualization or quantitative coronary angiography analysis. Results: There was 59% survival to discharge of this predominantly male cohort (median age 68 +/- 12 years; 31% females). Fifty three (28%) cases had aVR-STE while 27 (14%) had LMCS> 50%. Of those, 16 patients who had aVR-STE also had LMCS>50% (sensitivity 59%, specificity 77%, positive predictive value 30%, negative predictive value 92% for predicting LMCS>50%). Multivariate analysis revealed that aVR-STE was the only significant predictor of LMCS> 50% was (p= 0.014; Odds Ratio= 3.06; 95% Confidence Interval 1.26-7.47). Conclusion: In CGS due to acute myocardial infarction, aVR-STE>1 mm proves to be an important predictor of LMCS>50%. Such data could be helpful in further risk stratification for optimal management during CGS. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
An electrocardiographic lead system for coronary artery bypass surgery; Study Objectives: To identify the optimal subset of two electrocardiographic (EGG) bads for monitoring of ischemic ST depression and elevation during coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) surgery. Design: Prospective observational clinical study. Setting: University hospital cardiac surgery operating room. Patients: 120 patients undergoing primary surgery or reoperation for CABG. Interventions: All six ECG limb leads and a precordial matrix of four leads were recorded intraoperatively approximately every 3 minutes. The limb leads were placed on the torso in modified Mason-Likar positions. The precordial leads were placed at V-4, V-5, and one interspace below them. Measurements and Main Results: New ischemic 1 mm ST depression and elevation episodes were determined. Neu ST deviation episodes attributed to nonischemic causes such as cooling at the onset of cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB), defibrillation at the end of CPB, new cardiac conduction changes after CPB, and postoperative pericarditis were excluded. Fixed ST deviation that did not change by I mm in the perioperative period was also excluded. Leads V-5 and III constituted the best two-lead set. These leads recorded 15 of the 16 ischemic ST elevation episodes and all 8 ischemic ST depression episodes. One ST elevation episode was not recorded intraoperatively but was recorded in lead V-1 in the immediate postoperative EGG. Leads V-5 and II recorded 13 of the 16 ischemic ST elevation episodes and all 8 ischemic ST depression episodes. Lead V-5 alone missed 8 episodes of ischemic ST elevation and one episode of ischemic ST depression. Conclusions: For monitoring of ischemia during CABG, leads V-5 and III are preferable to other two-cad sets, including the commonly used V-5 and II. No single lead is adequate. Lead V-5 alone missed approximately one half the episodes of ST elevation that were recorded by lead III or another inferior lead.
Cadmium Exposure and Incident Peripheral Arterial Disease; Background-Cadmium has been associated with peripheral arterial disease (PAD) in cross-sectional studies, but prospective evidence is lacking. Our goal was to evaluate the association of urine cadmium concentrations with incident PAD in a large population-based cohort. Methods and Results-A prospective cohort study was performed with 2864 adult American Indians 45 to 74 years of age from Arizona, Oklahoma, and North and South Dakota who participated in the Strong Heart Study from 1989 to 1991 and were followed through 2 follow-up examination visits in 1993 to 1995 and 1997 to 1999. Participants were free of PAD, defined as an ankle brachial index <0.9 or >1.4 at baseline, and had complete baseline information on urine cadmium, potential confounders, and ankle brachial index determinations in the follow-up examinations. Urine cadmium was measured using inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry and corrected for urinary dilution by normalization to urine creatinine. Multivariable-adjusted hazard ratios were computed using Cox-proportional hazards models for interval-censored data. A total of 470 cases of incident PAD, defined as an ankle brachial index <0.9 or >1.4, were identified. After adjustment for cardiovascular disease risk factors including smoking status and pack-years, the hazard ratio comparing the 80th to the 20th percentile of urine cadmium concentrations was 1.41 (1.05-1.81). The hazard ratio comparing the highest to the lowest tertile was 1.96 (1.32-2.81). The association persisted after excluding participants with ankle brachial index >1.4 only as well as in subgroups defined by sex and smoking status. Conclusions-Urine cadmium, a biomarker of long-term cadmium exposure, was independently associated with incident PAD, providing further support for cadmium as a cardiovascular disease risk factor.
Association of statin therapy with outcomes of acute coronary syndromes: The GRACE Study; Background: Statins administered early in patients with acute coronary syndromes may lead to modest reductions in recurrent ischemic events. Objective: To examine the association between previous and early in-hospital statin therapy and the presentation and outcomes of an acute coronary syndrome. Design: Cohort study. Setting: 94 hospitals in 14 countries participating in the Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events (GRACE). Patients: 19 537 patients with an acute coronary syndrome who were enrolled from April 1999 to September 2002. Measurements: Statin use before and after presentation with an acute coronary syndrome and associated rates of myocardial infarction, hospital complications, and hospital mortality. The composite end point included death, in-hospital myocardial infarction, and stroke. Results: Patients who were already taking statins when they presented to the hospital were less likely to have ST-segment elevation (odds ratio [OR], 0.79 [95% Cl, 0.71 to 0.88]) or myocardial infarction (OR, 0.78 [Cl, 0.70 to 0.86]). Patients who continued to take statins in the hospital were less likely to experience complications or die than patients who never received statins (OR, 0.66 [Cl, 0.56 to 0.77]). Patients not previously taking statins who began statin therapy in the hospital were less likely to die than patients who never received statin therapy (OR, 0.38 [Cl, 0.30 to 0.48]). However, adjustment for the hospital of admission attenuated the association between initiation of statin therapy and the composite end point (OR, 0.84 [Cl, 0.65 to 1.10]). Limitations: This observational study cannot exclude confounding by clinical and hospital factors. Conclusions: These data support the hypothesis that statin therapy can modulate early pathophysiologic processes in patients with acute coronary syndromes. A randomized trial of statin therapy in acute myocardial infarction is warranted.
Elevated troponin and myocardial infarction in the intensive care unit: a prospective study; Introduction Elevated troponin levels indicate myocardial injury but may occur in critically ill patients without evidence of myocardial ischemia. An elevated troponin alone cannot establish a diagnosis of myocardial infarction (MI), yet the optimal methods for diagnosing MI in the intensive care unit ( ICU) are not established. The study objective was to estimate the frequency of MI using troponin T measurements, 12-lead electrocardiograms (ECGs) and echocardiography, and to examine the association of elevated troponin and MI with ICU and hospital mortality and length of stay. Method In this 2-month single centre prospective cohort study, all consecutive patients admitted to our medical-surgical ICU were classified in duplicate by two investigators as having MI or no MI based on troponin, ECGs and echocardiograms obtained during the ICU stay. The diagnosis of MI was based on an adaptation of the joint European Society of Cardiology/ American College of Cardiology definition: a typical rise or fall of an elevated troponin measurement, in addition to ischemic symptoms, ischemic ECG changes, a coronary artery intervention, or a new cardiac wall motion abnormality. Results We screened 117 ICU admissions and enrolled 115 predominantly medical patients. Of these, 93 (80.9%) had at least one ECG and one troponin; 44 of these 93 (47.3%) had at least one elevated troponin and 24 (25.8%) had an MI. Patients with MI had significantly higher mortality in the ICU (37.5% versus 17.6%; P = 0.050) and hospital (50.0% versus 22.0%; P = 0.010) than those without MI. After adjusting for Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation II score and need for inotropes or vasopressors, MI was an independent predictor of hospital mortality ( odds ratio 3.22, 95% confidence interval 1.04 - 9.96). The presence of an elevated troponin ( among those patients in whom troponin was measured) was not independently predictive of ICU or hospital mortality. Conclusion In this study, 47% of critically ill patients had an elevated troponin but only 26% of these met criteria for MI. An elevated troponin without ischemic ECG changes was not associated with adverse outcomes; however, MI in the ICU setting was an independent predictor of hospital mortality.
Dobutamine stress echocardiography in the detection of coronary artery disease in a clinical practice setting; In this prospective study, patients referred for coronary angiography for detection of disease underwent dobutamine stress echocardiography to define its value in a clinical practice setting. Results: Of 219 patients studied, 170 (78%) had significant coronary artery disease. The overall sensitivity and specificity of dobutamine stress echocardiography for coronary artery disease were 82 and 65%, respectively. The sensitivity was 88% for detection of triple-vessel disease, 83% for double-vessel disease, and 74% for single-vessel disease. Positive and negative predictive values for coronary artery disease were 89 and 51%, respectively. Dobutamine stress echocardiography correctly identified only 72 of 138 patients with significant stenosis of the left anterior descending coronary artery. In 219 patients, 345 of 657 major epicardial vessels had significant disease. Dobutamine stress echocardiography could only correctly identify the vessel involved in 188. Triple-vessel disease was present in 65 patients. Dobutamine stress echocardiography correctly categorised 18% (n=12) of these. The remainder were incorrectly classified as having double-vessel disease or single vessel disease (n=45), or no disease at all (n=8). Conclusion: Dobutamine stress echocardiography performs well. However, lower specificity may lead a to unwarranted referrals for coronary angiography, and the low NPV give false reassurance as to the absence of disease. (C) 1997 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Detection of coronary artery stenosis after successful percutaneous coronary intervention by dipyridamole stress portable type signal-averaged electrocardiography: a prospective study; In our previous studies, using portable type signalaveraged electrocardiography (portable SAECG) with dipyridamole stress we reported that patients with coronary artery disease were identified at the bedside with high sensitivity and specificity. In this study we prospectively investigated whether coronary artery stenosis after successful percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) could be detected. Standard 12-lead QRS wave SAECG was performed before and after dipyridamole stress at the bedside in 61 patients 8.0 +/- 9.4 months after successful PCI for myocardial infarction or angina pectoris (46 males and 15 females, mean age 66 +/- 12 years). The filtered QRS duration (fQRSd) before and after dipyridamole stress was determined by the multiphasic oscillation method at each lead of the standard 12 leads, and the maximal value of changes in fQRSd (MAX Delta fQRSd) among the 12 leads was determined. The positive test was defined as MAX Delta fQRSd >= 5 ms, and negative as MAX Delta fQRSd < 5 ms based on our previous studies. Then selective coronary arteriography was performed. In the positive group (n = 24), 21 patients had stenosis (>= 50%) of the coronary artery and 3 did not. In the negative group (n = 37), 8 patients had stenosis and 29 did not. The sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive accuracy, and negative predictive accuracy for the detection of coronary artery stenosis by SAECG were 72%, 91%, 88%, and 78%, respectively. Dipyridamole stress portable SAECG is useful to detect patients with coronary artery stenosis after successful PCI.
Use of reperfusion therapy for acute myocardial infarction in the United States - Data from the National Registry of Myocardial Infarction 2; Background - There is clear evidence that reperfusion therapy improves survival in selected patients with an acute myocardial infarction. However, several studies have suggested that many patients with an acute myocardial infarction do not receive this therapy. Whether this underutilization occurs in patients appropriate for such therapy remains unclear. Methods and Results - We examined the use of reperfusion therapy in patients with an acute myocardial infarction hospitalized at 1470 hospitals participating in the National Registry of Myocardial Infarction 2, We identified 84663 patients who were eligible for reperfusion therapy as defined by diagnostic changes on the initial 12-lead EGG, presentation to the hospital within 6 hours from symptom onset, and no contraindications to thrombolytic therapy, Twenty-four percent of these eligible patients did not receive any form of reperfusion therapy (7.5% of all patients), When multivariate analyses were used, left bundle-branch block (odds ratio [OR] = 0.22; 95% CI = 0.20 to 0.24), lack of chest pain at presentation (OR = 0.22; 95% CI = 0.21 to 0.24), age > 75 years (OR = 0.40, 95% CI = 0.36 to 0.43), female sex (OR = 0.88, 95% CI = 0.83 to 0.92), and various preexisting cardiovascular conditions were independent predictors that the patient would not receive reperfusion therapy. Conclusions - Reperfusion therapy may be underutilized in the United States. Increased use of reperfusion therapy could potentially reduce the unnecessarily high mortality rates observed in women, the elderly, and other patient groups with the highest risk of death from an acute myocardial infarction.
Are left atrial abnormalities a risk for stroke?; Objectives: To show that echocardiographic left atrial enlargement (Echo-LAE) and electrocardiographic left atrial abnormalities (ECG-LAA) may be probable new risk factors for ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke. Methods: This descriptive prospective case study included 140 CT or MRI-confirmed hemorrhagic and ischemic stroke patients, who were admitted to Rizgary Teaching Hospital, Erbil, Iraq from January 2008 to January 2009. Twelve lead ECG and 2-dimensional transthoracic Echo were performed for all patients. Electrocardiographic LAA were identified when the P terminal force in lead V-1 (PTFV1) was >40 mm.ms. Echocardiographic LAE was identified when the left atrial index was more than 2.3 cm/m(2). Results: Electrocardiographic LAA were significantly higher in ischemic stroke patients in comparison with the hemorrhagic strokes. Causes of ECG-LAA were found to be as follows in order of frequency; hypertension (56%), advanced age (47%), coronary artery disease (27%), diabetes mellitus (26%), obesity (21%), valvular heart disease (21%), and 2.6% of patients had no identifiable cause. Echocardiographic-LAE was seen in 34% of ischemic strokes, and 30% of hemorrhagic strokes with no significant difference. Conclusion: Although ECG-LAA (PTFV1>40 mm.ms) is significantly associated with ischemic stroke, it may not be an independent risk factor for stroke as it rarely occurred without other risk factors. Echocardiographic LAE is associated with both ischemic and hemorrhagic strokes equally.
INTAKE OF MERCURY FROM FISH, LIPID-PEROXIDATION, AND THE RISK OF MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION AND CORONARY, CARDIOVASCULAR, AND ANY DEATH IN EASTERN FINNISH MEN; Background Even though previous studies have suggested an association between high fish intake and reduced coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality, men in Eastern Finland, who have a high fish intake, have an exceptionally high CHD mortality. We hypothesized that this paradox could be in part explained by high mercury content in fish. Methods and Results We studied the relation of the dietary intake of fish and mercury, as well as hair content and urinary excretion of mercury, to the risk of acute myocardial infarction (AMI) and death from CHD, cardiovascular disease (CVD), and any cause in 1833 men aged 42 to 60 years who were free of clinical CHD, stroke, claudication, and cancer. Of these, 73 experienced an AMI in 2 to 7 years. Of the 78 deceased men, 18 died of CHD and 24 died of CVD. Men who had consumed local nonfatty fish species had elevated hair mercury contents. In Cox models with the major cardiovascular risk factors as covariates, dietary intakes of fish and mercury were associated with significantly increased risk of AMI and death from CHD, CVD, and any death. Men in the highest tertile (greater than or equal to 2.0 mu g/g) of hair mercury content had a 2.0-fold (95% confidence interval, 1.2 to 3.1; P=.005) age- and CHD-adjusted risk of AMI and a 2.9-fold (95% CI, 1.2 to 6.6; P=.014) adjusted risk of cardiovascular death compared with those with a lower hair mercury content. In a nested case-control subsample, the 24-hour urinary mercury excretion had a significant (P=.042) independent association with the risk of AMI. Both the hair and urinary mercury associated significantly with titers of immune complexes containing oxidized LDL. Conclusions These data suggest that a high intake of mercury from nonfatty freshwater fish and the consequent accumulation of mercury in the body are associated with an excess risk of AMI as well as death from CHD, CVD, and any cause in Eastern Finnish men and this increased risk may be due to the promotion of lipid peroxidation by mercury.
PREHOSPITAL TRIAGE OF PATIENTS WITH SUSPECTED MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION - EVALUATION OF PREVIOUSLY DEVELOPED ALGORITHMS AND NEW PROPOSALS; Objective: To evaluate previously developed algorithms for the improvement of Design: Prospective study. Subjects: Patients with symptoms of possible cardiac origin, who were seen by a general practitioner and subsequently referred to hospital in the municipality of Rotterdam. Methods: Prior to hospital admission patients with suspected acute coronary disease recorded their symptoms by standardized questionnaire and a computerized ECG,vas made. All patients were hospitalized and a final diagnosis ions established. Algorithms, proposed by other investigators to distinguish patients with from those without, acute cardiac disease were tested. Main outcome: Identification of patients whose likelihood for acute cardiac pathology was low (stable angina, atypical chest pain, other pathology) or high (myocardial infarction, unstable angina). Results: A total of 1005 patients were studied. Forty-two percent had myocardial infarction or unstable angina pectoris. Evaluation of previously developed algorithms showed that their diagnostic accuracy was poor in the pre-hospital setting. In a separate multivariate analysis, six characteristics fr om the clinical history and an electrocardiogram appeared to be independently and significantly associated with acute cardiac pathology. The presence of an abnormal ECG proved to be the most important predictor. Conclusions: The hospital-based algorithms were unsuitable as a predictor for pre-hospital acute cardiac pathology. A new practical hospital admission model was developed, based on six clinical predictors, including analysis of an electrocardiogram. Following appropriate validation this out-of-hospital protocol may lead to better triage decisions by the general practitioner.
Effects of a secondary prevention combination therapy with an aspirin, an ACE inhibitor and a statin on 1-year mortality of patients with acute myocardial infarction treated with a beta-blocker. Support for a polypill approach; Objective: Large randomized clinical trials have shown the efficacy of aspirin, ACE (angiotensin converting enzyme) inhibitors and statins as secondary prevention measures in patients after an acute coronary syndrome with and without ST elevations. Therefore we aimed to determine the effect of a combination therapy with these three drugs on 1-year mortality after acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Methods: We prospectively followed 9998 survivors of acute myocardial infarction treated with a beta-blocker for 1 year. Patients were divided into three groups according to their therapy with aspirin, ACE inhibitors and statins: 3 drugs, 2 drugs or 0-1 drug. Results: The majority of patients (n = 6260, 62.6%) were treated with 3 drugs, 2986 (29.9%) with 2 drugs and 752 (7.5%) with 0-1 drug. In the univariate analysis 1-year mortality was 4.9%, 9.7% and 13.6%, respectively. After adjusting for confounding factors in the propensity score analysis the odds ratios for 1-year mortality were significantly increased with 0-1 drug (odds ratio 1.67, 95% CI 1.24-2.27) and with 2 drugs (odds ratio 1.54, 95% CI 1.26-1.87) in comparison with the group treated with all 3 drugs. However, in the ACOS registry the treatment was left to the discretion of the physician. This could lead to a selection bias, which cannot be fully eliminated by using multiple regression analysis. Conclusions: A combination therapy with aspirin, an ACE inhibitor and a statin reduces 1-year mortality in patients after AMI. Therefore a polypill approach with these three agents should be considered to increase drug compliance and reduce mortality after acute myocardial infarction.
Association between serum inhibin-B levels and coronary artery disease in aging males; Introduction: Atherosclerosis is a systemic disorder. It is a frequent leading cause of coronary artery disease (CAD). Similarly, atherosclerotic vascular alterations could lead to testicular arterial blood flow reduction and impairment of testicular function with age. Inhibin-B has been validated as a valuable serum marker of testicular functions and its correlation with testicular volume was shown in some studies done before. The purpose of this study is to investigate the association between serum inhibin-B levels and CAD in elderly men. Material and methods: Between March 2009 and March 2010, fifty-two 50-80-year-old consecutive patients with Gensini score over 20 and ejection fraction (EF) > 50% were included in the study as the CAD group. Fifty healthy men without any cardiac disease history were recruited as the control group. All patients in the CAD group who had indications for coronary artery angiography underwent selective coronary artery angiography. Results: Inhibin-B, total testosterone and testicular volume levels were found to be significantly lower in the CAD group in comparison with the control group (p = 0.004, p < 0.0001, and p = 0.001 respectively). Conclusions: In this study, although no correlation was found in CAD patients between Gensini score and inhibin-B or testicular volume, inhibin-B levels and testicular volume were significantly lower in patients with CAD than in healthy men. In order to fully assess the relationship between serum inhibin-B levels and CAD, multi-centered prospective and longitudinal studies must be done in elderly male patients.
OMENTIN-1 AND NONFATAL ISCHEMIC HEART DISEASE IN POSTMENOPAUSAL WOMEN: A POPULATION-BASED STUDY; Objective: There is growing evidence that supports the existence of a link between lower levels of circulating omentin-1 and the pathogenesis of coronary atherosclerosis. However, no population-based study has been performed to elucidate the cardioprotective role of this beneficial adipocytokine. Methods: A total of 378 healthy, postmenopausal women were randomly selected from 13 clusters in the port city of Bushehr, Iran. The prevalence of nonfatal ischemic heart disease (IHD) was assessed using the Minnesota code with a 12-lead resting electrocardiogram (EKG). EKG with evidence of IHD (IHD-EKG) was defined as myocardial infarction (codes 1.1 and 1.2) and ischemia (codes 1.3, 4.1 to 4.4, 5.1 to 5.3, and 7.1) occurring together. Serum omentin-1 and adiponectin levels were measured using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay methods. Results: The prevalence of IHD-EKG among the studied population was 41.8% (159 women). Serum levels of omentin-1 were significantly lower in women with ischemic EKG than in normal subjects (geometric mean x/multiplicative standard deviation, 10.31 x/2.35 ng/mL versus 12.44 x/ 2.12 ng/mL, respectively; P = .038). Multiple logistic regression analysis indicated that higher serum levels of omentin-1 were significantly associated with a lower prevalence of ischemic EKG after adjusting for potential confounders, including classical cardiovascular risk factors and circulating adiponectin levels (odds ratio, 0.48; confidence interval, 0.24 to 0.95; P = .038). Conclusion: A higher level of circulating omentin-1 is independently associated with a lower prevalence of nonfatal IHD in postmenopausal women. The cardioprotective role of this novel adipocytokine needs to be further elucidated in large-scale longitudinal studies.
The protective role of oestradiol against silent myocardial ischemia and hypertension risk in South African men: The SABPA study; Background: Oestradiol has a protective effect on coronary artery health in women but the effect it has on men, is controversial. A translational approach was followed to assess whether sex hormone levels are associated with silent myocardial ischemia (SMI) and hypertension risk over a 3 year period. Methods: Participants included 89 Black and 91 White men (aged 21-63 years) participating in both phases of the Sympathetic activity and Ambulatory Blood Pressure in Africans prospective study. Fasting blood samples, ambulatory blood pressure and 2-lead ECG recordings were obtained. Results: No difference in the levels of the various baseline serum T fractions between the two ethnic groups occurred. Oestradiol of the Black men increased by 54.2% compared to a decrease of 24.1% in the White men. Changes in total oestradiol (adjusted R-2 = 0.33, beta = -0.31, p = 0.023) and free oestradiol (adjusted R-2 = 0.34, beta = -0.33, p = 0.019) were inversely associated with changes in SMI in the Black men but not in White men. Baseline serum nitric oxide metabolites were inversely associated with Delta SMI in the Blacks only (adjusted R-2 = 0.33, beta = -0.28, p = 0.047). Chronic SMI was associated with 24 h hypertension in Blacks [cut point 1.5 events: Area under the curve 0.71 (95% CI: 0.60, 0.82); p = 0.006; with sensitivity/specificity 44%/94%]. Conclusions: Chronic SMI events facilitated future ischemic heart disease in Black men. Up-regulated free oestradiol seems to be involved in the protection of the heart against SMI and hypertension risk in Black but not in White men. A similar protective role for testosterone could however not be shown. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Association of anti-heat shock protein 65 antibodies with development of postoperative atrial fibrillation; Background-Atrial fibrillation (AF) is a frequently encountered arrhythmia after cardiac surgery, but its underlying mechanisms are still unclear. We hypothesize that autoimmune and inflammatory responses against heat shock protein 65 (HSP65) may be involved and hence examined the relationship between HSP65 autoantibodies and occurrence of postoperative AF. Methods and Results-A prospective study of 329 patients undergoing elective primary CABG was undertaken. Cardiovascular risk factors, ECG characteristics, medications, and intraoperative and postoperative features were documented. Anti-HSP65 antibodies and C-reactive protein levels were measured in all preoperative blood samples with ELISA. Postoperative AF was defined as the characteristic arrhythmia, lasting for at least 15 minutes and confirmed on 12-lead ECG and occurring within the first postoperative week. This occurred in 62 patients (19%). In univariate analysis, HSP65 antibodies were significantly higher in patients with postoperative AF (P=0.02). History of previous myocardial infarction, duration of bypass, number of distal anastomosis, and duration of ventilation were also associated with AF (P<0.05), but C-reactive protein levels were not (P=0.13). Multivariate analysis confirmed the positive association of HSP65 antibodies with postoperative AF (OR, 1.41; P=0.04) independent of age, sex, other cardiovascular risk factors, severity of coronary artery disease, duration of ventilation, duration of bypass, and left ventricular function. Conclusions-We report a novel association between anti-HSP65 antibodies and occurrence of postoperative AF, indicating a possible role for antibody-mediated immune response in its pathogenesis.
Incidence of perioperative myocardial ischemia in TURF patients; Study Objective: To determine the incidence of new episodes of myocardial ischemia in patients undergoing transurethral resection of the prostate (TURP). Design: Prospective, nonrandomized study. Setting: Veterans Administration medical center. Patients: 39 patients undergoing elective TURP Interventions: None. Measurements and Main Results: Myocardial ischemia was detected with a 3-channel ambulatory ECG recorded. The ambulatory ECG recorder was applied preoperatively and removed when the patient left the recovery room. New myocardial ischemia was defined a sa 1 mm or greater ST depression or a 2 mm or greater ST elevation from baseline, lasting for 1 minute or longer in at least one lead at the J point plus 60 msec unless this point fell within the T wave, in which case the J point 40 msec or greater was used. ST changes consistent with myocardial ischemia were confirmed by a cardiologist blinded to the patient's clinical course. Seven of 39 TURP patients (18%) had ST segment changes indicative of new myocardial ischemia. These seven patients had more prostate tissue resected and more blood loss than the 32 patients who did not have any myocardial ischemia (p < 0.05). Conclusions: Patients undergoing TURP have an 18% incidence of myocardial ischemia. Patients undergoing TURP with more prostate tissue resected and greater blood loss are at increased risk for perioperative myocardial ischemia. (C) 1996 by Elsevier Science Inc.
Prevalence and burden of pediatric-onset systemic lupus erythematosus; Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is a chronic, multisystem autoimmune disease with a highly variable clinical course. Pediatric-onset SLE (pSLE) represents 10-20% of all SLE cases, and is associated with higher disease severity, including more-rapid damage accrual, than adult-onset SLE. As in adults, pSLE disease expression varies according to ethnicity, with a milder disease course in white patients. The majority of pSLE patients will have developed damage within 5-10 years of disease onset, most frequently involving the musculoskeletal, ocular, renal and neuropsychiatric systems. Owing to improvements in disease management and recognition over the past 20-30 years, patients now live longer, but as a result have increased disease damage. Premature atherosclerosis and osteoporosis have become increasingly prevalent morbidities in pSLE patients. Early atherosclerosis leads to a considerable rise in cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events, and failure to develop adequate peak bone mass during adolescence-a crucial period of bone accrual-is likely to lead to early osteoporosis and fractures. Patients with pSLE have an incurable, potentially devastating disease that occurs during a vulnerable period of psychosocial development, leading to specific and unique psychosocial stressors. Additional large, long-term follow-up studies in pSLE are needed to better understand the disease prognosis and to facilitate development of tailored treatments.
Fragmented QRS complex predicts contrast-induced nephropathy and in-hospital mortality after primary percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction; BackgroundContrast-induced nephropathy (CIN) is associated with increased mortality after primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) for ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). Recently, fragmented QRS complex (fQRS) on 12-lead electrocardiography has been introduced as a marker of cardiovascular disease and is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Hypothesis fQRS on ECG is associated with CIN and in-hospital mortality after primary PCI in patients with STEMI. MethodsEight hundred ninety-five patients with first STEMI treated by primary PCI were enrolled in the study. Patients were divided into 2 groups according to the presence or absence of fQRS as shown by 12-lead electrocardiography in the first 24 hours. fQRS was defined by presence of an additional R wave (R), or notching of the S wave, or >1 R in 2 contiguous leads. Patients were then reallocated to 2 groups according to presence or absence of postprocedural CIN, which was defined as a rise in serum creatinine of 0.5 mg/dL or a 25% increase from baseline value within 72 hours after the procedure. ResultsPatients with a fQRS were older and had significantly lower left ventricular ejection fraction. CIN occurred in 77 (8.6%) patients. The prevalence of CIN and in-hospital mortality was significantly higher in the fQRS(+) group. In multivariate analysis, fQRS was found to be an independent predictor of CIN (odds ratio: 3.125, P = 0.029) and in-hospital mortality (odds ratio: 9.062, P = 0.009). ConclusionsThe fQRS is an independent predictor of postprocedural CIN and in-hospital mortality in STEMI patients.
Biphasic modulation of atherosclerosis induced by graded dietary copper supplementation in the cholesterol-fed rabbit; There has been considerable debate about how copper status may affect the biochemical and cellular processes associated with atherogenesis. We have investigated the effects of graded dietary copper supplementation on processes likely to contribute to atherogenesis, using the cholesterol-fed New Zealand White rabbit model. Rabbits (n=40) were fed a 0.25-1% cholesterol diet deficient in copper. Animals received either 0, 1, 3 or 20 mg copper/day and were killed after 13 weeks. Plasma cholesterol levels were similar in each dietary group. Aortic concentrations of copper were higher in the 20 mg copper/day animals compared to those receiving 0 mg copper/day (3.70 +/-0.78 vs. 1.33 +/-0.46 mug/g wet tissue; P<0.05). Aortic superoxide dismutase activity was higher in animals receiving 20 mg copper/day (323<plus/minus>21 IU/mg tissue) compared to the other groups (187 +/- 21; 239 +/- 53; 201 +/- 33 IU/mg tissue) (P>0.05). En face staining of aortae with oil red 0 showed that both high copper supplementation (20 mg/day) (67.1 +/-5.5%) and a deficient diet (0 mg/day) (63.1 +/-4.8%) was associated with significantly larger lesions (P<0.05) compared to moderately supplemented animals (1 mg/day and 3 mg/day) (51.3<plus/minus>6.3 and 42.8 +/-7.9%). These data indicate that in the cholesterol-fed rabbit, there is an optimal dietary copper intake and that dietary copper deficiency or excess are associated with an increased susceptibility to aortic atherosclerosis. Many Western diets contain insufficient copper and these findings indicate that a moderate dietary copper content may confer a degree of cardiac protection to the human population.
The Predictive Value of Admission Fragmented QRS Complex for In-Hospital Cardiovascular Mortality of Patients with Type 1 Acute Aortic Dissection; BackgroundFragmented QRS (fQRS) arises from impaired ventricular depolarization due to heterogeneous electrical activation of ischemic and/or infarcted ventricular myocardium. The short- and long-term prognostic values of fQRS have been reported for myocardial infarction, heart failure, fatal cardiac arrhythmias, and sudden cardiac death. The aim of this study was to investigate the predictive value of admission fQRS complex for in-hospital cardiovascular mortality of patients with type 1 acute aortic dissection (AAD). MethodsIn this retrospective study, 203 consecutive patients with type 1 AAD who had been admitted to either of two large-volume tertiary hospitals between December 2008 and October 2013 were included. The patients were divided into two groups according to the presence or absence of the fQRS complex on admission. ResultsIn-hospital cardiovascular mortality (P < 0.001), major adverse cardiovascular events (P < 0.001), acute renal failure (P = 0.022), multiorgan dysfunction (P < 0.001), and acute decompensated heart failure (P < 0.001) were observed to be significantly more frequent in the fQRS-positive group than in the fQRS-negative group. fQRS (odds ratio [95% confidence interval]: 4.184 [1.927-9.082], P < 0.001), operation duration (4.184 [1.927-9.082], P = 0.001), and Killip class IV (3.900 [1.699-8.955], P = 0.001) were found to be significant independent predictors of in-hospital cardiovascular mortality after adjustment of other risk factors in the multivariate analysis. ConclusionsfQRS is a simple, inexpensive, and readily available electrocardiographic entity that provides an additional risk stratification level beyond that provided by conventional risk parameters in predicting in-hospital cardiovascular mortality in type 1 AAD.
Predictors of Depressed Left Ventricular Function in Patients Presenting With ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction; Early in the course of ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI), therapies that may harm patients who develop left ventricular (LV) dysfunction, such as beta-blockers, are often administered. The investigators analyzed the ACTIVATE-SF database, a registry of consecutive STEMI activations presenting to 2 medical centers at the University of California, San Francisco. LV dysfunction was defined as an ejection fraction <= 40% on echocardiography. Of 211 patients included in the analysis, 66 (31%) had LV ejection fractions <= 40%. Patients with LV dysfunction were older (63 +/- 15 vs 56 +/- 13 years, p = 0.002). In multivariate regression models, decreased renal function (reference group, creatinine <1.0 mg/di; adjusted odds ratio [AOR] creatinine >1.5 mg/di 6.35, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.66 to 24.31, p = 0.007), a history of coronary artery disease (AOR 3.12, 95% CI 1.26 to 7.71, p = 0.014), ST-segment elevation >2 mm on 12-lead electrocardiography (AOR 2.78, 95% CI 1.31 to 5.87, p = 0.008), and need for mechanical ventilation (AOR 3.98, 95% CI 1.41 to 11.19, p = 0.009) increased the odds of LV dysfunction. Inferior ST-segment elevations were associated with 88% decreased odds of LV dysfunction (AOR 0.12, 95% CI 0.06 to 0.35, p <0.001). A prediction score using these characteristics stratified patients into low-, intermediate-, and high-risk groups for LV dysfunction; positive likelihood ratios for LV dysfunction in these groups were 0.07, 1.14, and 4.93, respectively. In conclusion, 5 key predictors of in-hospital LV dysfunction after STEMI were identified; a risk score based on these predictors helps to quickly identify patients presenting with STEW who are at the highest risk for developing significant LV dysfunction and could guide optimal therapeutic choices. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2012;109:327-331)
Dietary exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and risk of myocardial infarction in men - A population-based prospective cohort study; Background: Major food contaminants such as polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are proposed to play a role in the etiology of cardiovascular disease (CVD), but to date the impact of PCBs on cardiovascular health need to be explored. Methods and results: We assessed the association between validated food frequency questionnaire-based estimates of dietary PCB exposure and risk of myocardial infarction, ascertained through register-linkage, among 36,759 men from the population-based Swedish Cohort of Men, free of cardiovascular disease, diabetes and cancer at baseline (1997). Relative risks were adjusted for known cardiovascular risk factors, long-chain omega-3 fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids) and methyl mercury exposure. During 12 years of follow-up (433,243 person-years), we ascertained 3005 incident cases of myocardial infarction (654 fatal). Compared with the lowest quintile of dietary PCB exposure (median 113 ng/day), men in the highest quintile (median 436 ng/day) had multivariable-adjusted relative risks of 1.74 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.30-2.33; p-trend < 0.001) for total and 1.97 (95% C11.42-2.75; p-trend < 0.001) for non-fatal myocardial infarction. In mutually adjusted models, dietary PCB exposure was associated with an increased risk of myocardial infarction, while the intake of long-chain omega-3 fish fatty acids was associated with a decreased risk. We also observed an effect modification by adiposity on the association between of dietary PCB exposure and myocardial infarction, with higher risk among lean men (p value for interaction = 0.03). Conclusions: Exposure to PCBs via diet was associated with increased risk of myocardial infarction in men. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Association Between the 20210G&gt;A <i>Prothrombin</i> Gene Polymorphism and Arterial Ischemic Stroke in Children and Young Adults-Two Meta-analyses of 3586 Cases and 6440 Control Subjects in Total; BACKGROUND: Previous data have shown that the 20210G > A polymorphism of the Factor II gene is related to an increased prothrombin level, which may in turn lead to a procoagulant state. The heterogeneous and multifactorial character of arterial ischemic stroke often results in contradictory reports describing the association between the 20210G > A polymorphism and arterial ischemic stroke in different populations. We performed a meta-analysis of available data addressing the relation between the FII 20210G > A polymorphism and arterial ischemic stroke, both in young adults and children. METHODS: We searched PubMed using appropriate keywords. The inclusion criteria for the study were as follows: case-control study, study population consisting of children, study population consisting of young adults, arterial ischemic stroke confirmed by magnetic resonance imaging or computed tomography, and English language. The exclusion criteria included lack of genotype or allele frequencies, study design other than a case-control study, outcome definition other than arterial ischemic stroke, and previously overlapped patient groups. Finally, 30 case-control studies (14 in children and 16 in young adults) were included. Statistical analyses were conducted using R software. Heterogeneity between the studies was evaluated using the Dersimonian and Laird's Q test. In the case of significant between-studies heterogeneity, the pooled odds ratio was estimated with a random-effects model, otherwise a fixed-effects model was used. RESULTS: The pooled analysis showed that carriers of 20210A allele (GA+AA genotypes) of the prothrombin gene are more common in arterial ischemic stroke patients, both in children and young adults, than in control subjects (P = 0.006; odds ratio, 1.83; 95% confidence interval, 1.19 to 2.80 and P = 0.001; odds ratio, 1.69; 95% confidence interval, 1.25 to 2.28, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: The results of the present meta-analysis have proven that the FII 20210G > A polymorphism is associated with arterial ischemic stroke in both pediatric and young adult patients.
Previous infection and the risk of ischaemic stroke in Italy: the IN2 study; Background and purposeThere is an increasing interest in new risk factors for ischaemic stroke. Acute and chronic infections could contribute to different aetiological mechanisms of atherosclerosis that lead to cerebrovascular disease. The aim of this study was to investigate the hypothesis that previous infections and Chlamydia pneumoniae in particular increase the risk of ischaemic stroke in the population. MethodsThis was a prospective case-control study involving 11 Italian stroke units. Controls were age- and sex-matched with cases, represented by patients admitted to hospital for acute ischaemic stroke. For each participant classical vascular risk factors and previous inflammatory and infectious events up to 1month before were registered. Blood samples were collected to analyse inflammatory markers and titres of antibodies against C. pneumoniae. ResultsA total of 1002 participants were included (mean age 69years) with 749 ischaemic stroke patients. Infections occurred within 1 month previously in 12% of the entire sample with a higher prevalence in the case group (14.4% vs. 3.9%). At multivariate analysis of the seropositivity of IgA antibodies against C. pneumoniae increased the risk of stroke significantly (relative risk 2.121; 95% confidence interval 1.255-3.584) and an early previous infection (up to 7days before the event) contributed to a rise in probability of acute cerebral ischaemia (relative risk 3.692; 95% confidence interval 1.134-6.875). ConclusionsEarly previous infections and persistent chronic infection of C. pneumoniae could contribute to increase the risk of ischaemic stroke significantly, in the elderly especially.
Abdominal aortic aneurysm or aortic occlusive disease: Role of trace element imbalance; The nature of the relationship between atheromatous disease and degenerative aneurysm is yet to be defined. The purpose of this study was to compare tissue Fe, Cu, Zn, and thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) levels (as a marker of lipid peroxidation) in the abdominal aorta in relation to the development of aneurysmal and occlusive disease in the infrarenal aorta. This was a prospective clinical study in an institutional referral center, in hospitalized patients. Eighty male patients who underwent surgery for abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA) or aortic occlusive disease (AOD) were included in the study. Age, risk factors and comorbid conditions were recorded, including diabetes mellitus, hypertension, coronary artery disease, smoking, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Aortic wall biopsies were collected at operation from the anterolateral section of the infrarenal aorta. Tissue Fe, Cu, Zn, and TBARS levels were determined. The mean age of the AAA group was 66.2 (56-75) years and of the AOD group 57.8 (47-72) years (p < 0.001). There was a higher prevalence of hypertension in AAA patients compared to AOD patients (62.5%, 35% respectively; p < 0.05). The comparison of tissue Zn levels showed no significant difference. Tissue levels of Fe, Cu, and TBARS were found to be higher in the AAA group, compared with the AOD group (p<0.001 for each). These results suggest that higher oxidative stress as a result of higher Fe and Cu levels in the AAA, compared with AOD, may be one of the contributing factors in aneurysmal formation as a result of promoted wall erosion.
Therapeutic Hypothermia After Recanalization in Patients With Acute Ischemic Stroke; Background and Purpose Therapeutic hypothermia improves outcomes in experimental stroke models, especially after ischemia-reperfusion injury. We investigated the clinical and radiological effects of therapeutic hypothermia in acute ischemic stroke patients after recanalization. Methods A prospective cohort study at 2 stroke centers was performed. We enrolled patients with acute ischemic stroke in the anterior circulation with an initial National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale 10 who had successful recanalization (thrombolysis in cerebral ischemia, 2b). Patients at center A underwent a mild hypothermia (34.5 degrees C) protocol, which included mechanical ventilation, and 48-hour hypothermia and 48-hour rewarming. Patients at center B were treated according to the guidelines without hypothermia. Cerebral edema, hemorrhagic transformation, good outcome (3-month modified Rankin Scale, 2), mortality, and safety profiles were compared. Potential variables at baseline and during the therapy were analyzed to evaluate for independent predictors of good outcome. Results The hypothermia group (n=39) had less cerebral edema (P=0.001), hemorrhagic transformation (P=0.016), and better outcome (P=0.017) compared with the normothermia group (n=36). Mortality, hemicraniectomy rate, and medical complications were not statistically different. After adjustment for potential confounders, therapeutic hypothermia (odds ratio, 3.0; 95% confidence interval, 1.0-8.9; P=0.047) and distal occlusion (odds ratio, 7.3; 95% confidence interval; 1.3-40.3; P=0.022) were the independent predictors for good outcome. Absence of cerebral edema (odds ratio, 5.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.6-18.2; P=0.006) and no medical complications (odds ratio, 9.3; 95% confidence interval, 2.2-39.9; P=0.003) were also independent predictors for good outcome during the therapy. Conclusions In patients with ischemic stroke, after successful recanalization, therapeutic hypothermia may reduce risk of cerebral edema and hemorrhagic transformation, and lead to improved clinical outcomes.
Locoregional versus general anesthesia in carotid surgery: Is there an impact on perioperative myocardial ischemia? Results of a prospective monocentric randomized trial; Purpose: The incidence of cardiac morbidity and mortality in patients who undergo carotid surgery ranges from 0.7% to 7.1%, but it still represents almost 50% of all perioperative com plications. Because no data are available in literature about the impact of the anesthetic technique on such complications, a prospective randomized monocentric study was undertaken to evaluate the role of local anesthesia (LA) and general anesthesia (GA) on cardiac outcome. Methods: From November 1995 to February 1998, 107 patients were classified by the cardiologist as cardiac patients (IHD; history of myocardial infarction, previous myocardial revascularization procedures, or myocardial ischemia documented by means of positive electrocardiogram [ECG] stress test results) or noncardiac patients (NIHD; no history of chest pain or negative results for an ECG stress test). The patients were operated on after the randomization for the type of anesthesia (general or local). Continuous computerized 12-lead ECG was performed during the operative procedure and 24 hours postoperatively. The end points of the study were ECG modifications (upsloping or downsloping more than 2 mm) of the sinus tachycardia (ST) segment. Results: Fifty-five patients were classified as IHD, and 52 were classified as NIHD. Twenty-seven of the 55 IHD patients (49%) and 24 of 52 NIHD patients (46%) were operated on under GA. Thirty-six episodes of myocardial ischemia occurred in 22 patients (20.5%). Episodes were slightly more frequent (58%) and longer in the postoperative period (intraoperative, 10 +/- 5 min; postoperative, 60 +/- 45 min; P <.001). As expected, the prevalence of myocardial ischemia was higher in the group of cardiac patients than in noncardiac group (15 of 55 patients [27%] vs 7 of 52 patients [13%]; P <.02). By comparing the two anesthetic techniques in the overall population, we found a similar prevalence of patients who had myocardial ischemia (GA, 12 of 52 [23%]; LA, 10 of 55 [18%]; P = not significant) and a similar number of ischemic episodes per patient (GA, 1.5 +/- 0.4; LA, 1.8 +/- 0.6; P = not significant). Episodes of myocardial ischemia were similarly distributed in intraoperative and postoperative periods in both groups. It is relevant that under GA, IHD patients represent most of the population who suffered myocardial ischemia (83%). On the contrary, in the group of patients operated on under LA, the prevalence was equally distributed in the two subpopulations. Conclusion: The results confirm the different hemodynamic impact of the two anesthetic techniques. Patients who received LA had a rate of myocardial ischemia that was half that of patients who had GA. The small number of cardiac complications do not permit us to make any definitive conclusion on the impact of the two anesthetic techniques on early cardiac morbidity, but the relationship between perioperative ischemic burden and major cardiac events suggests that LA can be used safely, even in high-risk patients undergoing carotid endarterectomy.
Vitamin D deficiency is associated with development of subclinical coronary artery disease in HIV-infected African American cocaine users with low Framingham-defined cardiovascular risk; Chronic cocaine use may lead to premature atherosclerosis, but the prevalence of and risk factors for coronary artery disease (CAD) in asymptomatic cocaine users have not been reported. The objective of this study was to examine whether vitamin D deficiency is associated with the development of CAD in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected African American cocaine users with low CAD risk. Methods: In this prospective follow-up study, we investigated 169 HIV-infected African American cocaine users with low Framingham risk at baseline. The main outcome measures were incidence of subclinical CAD and development of subclinical CAD. Results: Fifty of the 169 African Americans had evidence of subclinical disease on the initial cardiac computed tomography. A second cardiac computed tomography was performed on the 119 African Americans without disease on the first scan. The total sum of person-years of follow-up was 289.6. Subclinical CAD was detected in 11 of these, yielding an overall incidence of 3.80/100 person-years (95% confidence interval 1.90-6.80). Among the factors investigated, only vitamin D deficiency was independently associated with development of subclinical CAD. The study did not find significant associations between CD4 count, HIV viral load, or antiretroviral treatment use and the incidence of subclinical CAD. This study appears to suggest that there is a threshold level of vitamin D (10 ng/mL) above which the effect of vitamin D on subclinical CAD is diminished. Conclusion: The incidence of subclinical CAD in HIV-infected African American cocaine users with low CAD risk is high, especially in those with vitamin D deficiency. Well designed randomized clinical trials are warranted to confirm the role of vitamin D deficiency in the development of CAD in HIV-infected African American cocaine users with low CAD risk.
Chronic arsenic exposure and risk of carotid artery disease: The Strong Heart Study; Background: Inorganic arsenic exposure from naturally contaminated groundwater is related to vascular disease. No prospective studies have evaluated the association between arsenic and carotid atherosclerosis at low-moderate levels. We examined the association of long-term, low-moderate inorganic arsenic exposure with carotid arterial disease. Methods: American Indians, 45-74 years old, in Arizona, Oklahoma, and North and South Dakota had arsenic concentrations (sum of inorganic and methylated species, mu g/g urine creatinine) measured from baseline urine samples (1989-1991). Carotid artery ultrasound was performed in 1998-1999. Vascular disease was assessed by the carotid intima media thickness (CIMT), the presence of atherosclerotic plaque in the carotid, and by the number of segments containing plaque (plaque score). Results: 2402 participants (mean age 55.3 years, 63.1% female, mean body mass index 31.0 kg/m(2), diabetes 45.7%, hypertension 34.2%) had a median (interquintile range) urine arsenic concentration of 9.2 (5.00, 17.06) mu g/g creatinine. The mean CIMT was 0.75 mm. 64.7% had carotid artery plaque (3% with > 50% stenosis). In fully adjusted models comparing participants in the 80th vs. 20th percentile in arsenic concentrations, the mean difference in CIMT was 0.01 (95% confidence interval (95%CI): 0.00, 0.02) mm, the relative risk of plaque presence was 1.04 (95%CI: 0.99, 1.09), and the geometric mean ratio of plaque score was 1.05 (95%CI: 1.01, 1.09). Conclusions: Urine arsenic was positively associated with CIMT and increased plaque score later in life although the association was small. The relationship between urinary arsenic and the presence of plaque was not statistically significant when adjusted for other risk factors. Arsenic exposure may play a role in increasing the severity of carotid vascular disease.
Effect of a Tibetan herbal mixture on microvascular endothelial function, heart rate variability and biomarkers of inflammation, clotting and coagulation; In this 6-week prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled and double-blind study, we investigated the effects of a natural herbal remedy based on a recipe from Tibet (Padma (R) 28), on microvascular endothelial function, heart rate variability and biomarkers of inflammation, clotting and coagulation in 80 coronary artery disease (CAD) patients (age 66 +/- 8 years) on guideline-based medication for secondary prevention. We found no significant effects of Padma 28 and conclude that the addition of Padma 28 to guideline-based secondary prevention treatment of CAD did not lead to significant effects on important surrogate markers in elderly male CAD patients.
Development of a Clinical Prediction Rule for 30-Day Cardiac Events in Emergency Department Patients With Chest Pain and Possible Acute Coronary Syndrome; Study objective: Evaluation of emergency department (ED) patients with chest pain who are at low risk for acute coronary syndrome is resource intensive and may lead to false-positive test results and unnecessary downstream procedures. We seek to identify patients at low short-term risk for a cardiac event for whom additional ED investigations might be unnecessary. Methods: We prospectively enrolled patients older than 24 years and with a primary complaint of chest pain from 3 academic EDs. Physicians completed standardized data collection forms before diagnostic testing. The primary adjudicated outcome was acute myocardial infarction, revascularization, or death of cardiac or unknown cause within 30 days. We used recursive partitioning to derive the rule and validated the model with 5,000 bootstrap replications. Results: Of 2,718 patients enrolled, 336 (12%) experienced a cardiac event within 30 days (6% acute myocardial infarction, 10% revascularization, 0.2% death). We developed a rule consisting of the absence of 5 predictors: ischemic ECG changes not known to be old, history of coronary artery disease, pain typical for acute coronary syndrome, initial or 6-hour troponin level greater than the 99th percentile, and age greater than 50 years. Patients aged 40 years or younger required only a single troponin evaluation. The rule was 100% sensitive (95% confidence interval 97.2% to 100.0%) and 20.9% specific (95% confidence interval 16.9% to 24.9%) for a cardiac event within 30 days. Conclusion: This clinical prediction rule identifies ED chest pain patients at very low risk for a cardiac event who may be suitable for discharge. A prospective multicenter study is needed to validate the rule and determine its effect on practice. [Ann Emerg Med. 2012;59:115-125.]
Dual antiplatelet therapy reduces stroke but increases bleeding at the time of carotid endarterectomy; Objective: Controversy persists regarding the perioperative management of clopidogrel among patients undergoing carotid endarterectomy (CEA). This study examined the effect of preoperative dual antiplatelet therapy (aspirin and clopidogrel) on in-hospital CEA outcomes. Methods: Patients undergoing CEA in the Vascular Quality Initiative were analyzed (2003-2014). Patients on clopidogrel and aspirin (dual therapy) were compared with patients taking aspirin alone preoperatively. Study outcomes included reoperation for bleeding and thrombotic complications defined as transient ischemic attack (TIA), stroke, or myocardial infarction. Secondary outcomes were in-hospital death and composite stroke/death. Univariate andmultivariable analyses assessed differences in demographics and operative factors. Propensity score-matched cohorts were derived to control for subgroup heterogeneity. Results: Of 28,683 CEAs, 21,624 patients (75%) were on aspirin and 7059 (25%) were on dual therapy. Patients on dual therapy were more likely to have multiple comorbidities, including coronary artery disease (P < .001), congestive heart failure (P < .001), and diabetes (P < .001). Patients on dual therapy were also more likely to have a drain placed (P < .001) and receive protamine during CEA (P < .001). Multivariable analysis showed that dual therapy was independently associated with increased reoperation for bleeding (odds ratio = [OR], 1.71; 95% confidence interval = [CI], 1.20-2.42; P = .003) but was protective against TIA or stroke (OR, 0.61; 95% CI, 0.43-0.87; P = .007), stroke (OR, 0.63; 95% CI, 0.41-0.97; P = .03), and stroke/death (OR, 0.66; 95% CI, 0.44-0.98; P = .04). Propensity score matching yielded two groups of 4548 patients and showed that patients on dual therapy were more likely to require reoperation for bleeding (1.3% vs 0.7%; P = .004) but less likely to suffer TIA or stroke (0.9% vs 1.6%; P = .002), stroke (0.6% vs 1.0%; P = .04), or stroke/death (0.7% vs 1.2%; P = .03). Within the propensity score-matched groups, patients on dual therapy had increased rates of reoperation for bleeding regardless of carotid symptom status. However, asymptomatic patients on dual therapy demonstrated reduced rates of TIA or stroke (0.6% vs 1.5%; P < .001), stroke (0.4% vs 0.9%; P = .01), and composite stroke/death (0.5% vs 1.0%; P = .02). Among propensity score-matched patients with symptomatic carotid disease, these differences were not statistically significant. Conclusions: Preoperative dual antiplatelet therapy was associated with a 40% risk reduction for neurologic events but also incurred a significant increased risk of reoperation for bleeding after CEA. Given its observed overall neurologic protective effect, continued dual antiplatelet therapy throughout the perioperative period is justified. Initiating dual therapy in all patients undergoing CEA may lead to decreased neurologic complication rates.
Attributing effects to treatment in matched observational studies; An effect is attributable to treatment if it would not have been observed had the individual been exposed to control instead. Extending earlier results on attributable effects in unmatched groups, a method of exact randomization inference and sensitivity analysis is developed for case-referent, case-crossover, and cohort studies with matched sets, and a large sample approximation to the exact inference is given. The unmatched case, considered previously, has certain symmetries that the matched case, considered here, does not have. As a result, approximation for the matched case requires the use of the recently developed method of asymptotic separability, which was riot needed in the unmatched case. Several examples are presented, including a case-referent study of Helicobacter pylori infection as a cause of myocardial infarction, a case-crossover study of alcohol as a cause of injury, a cohort study of women who gave birth at home, and a study of the effects of cadmium exposure with a continuous outcome measuring kidney function. Unlike tests of no effect, inference about attributable effects has a different form in case-referent and cohort studies.
Fibrinolytic factors and the risk of myocardial infarction or sudden death in patients with angina pectoris; Background Disturbances of the fibrinolytic system that lead to decreased removal of fibrin deposits may be important risk factors for coronary thrombosis. There is as yet no consensus on the prognostic value of fibrinolytic parameters, which may be attributed in part to the choice of confounding variables controlled for. Methods and Results The ECAT study is a prospective multicenter study of 3043 patients with angina pectoris followed for 2 years. Baseline measurements included 10 fibrinolytic variables. The results were analyzed in relation to the subsequent incidence of myocardial infarction or sudden coronary death. They are presented before and after adjustment for clusters of confounding variables that are markers of different mechanisms: insulin resistance (body mass index, triglyceride, and HDL cholesterol), inflammation (fibrinogen and C-reactive protein), and endothelial cell damage (von Willebrand factor). An increased incidence of events was associated with higher baseline concentrations of tissue plasminogen activator (TPA) antigen (P=.0002), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) activity (P=.02), and PAI-1 antigen (P=.001). The associations of PAI-1 activity and PAI-1 antigen with risk of events disappeared after adjustment for parameters reflecting insulin resistance but were not affected by other adjustments. TPA antigen was affected to a similar extent by adjustment for parameters reflecting insulin resistance, inflammation, or endothelial cell damage, but the risk association disappeared only after combined adjustments. Conclusions The prognostic role of PAI-1 in predicting coronary events is related principally to insulin resistance, whereas that of TPA antigen could be explained only by its relationship with different mechanisms, including insulin resistance, inflammation, and endothelial cell damage.
POSTOPERATIVE MYOCARDIAL DAMAGE IN PATIENTS WITH CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE UNDERGOING MAJOR NONCARDIAC SURGERY; A prospective study was carried out in a group of 50 patients with coronary artery disease, presenting for major non-cardiac surgery, to investigate the timing and incidence of further perioperative myocardial damage.  A standardised anaesthetic was used.  A standard 12-lead ECG was taken immediately before surgery and at 24, 48, and 72 hr after the start of anaesthesia.  Blood samples were taken immediately preoperatively and at 6, 24, 48, and 72 hr after anaesthesia for total CK and CK-MB assay.  Thirty-three patients (66%) showed ECG evidence suggestive of further infarction, and of these, two (4%) died in the immediate perioperative period.  The first ECG change occurred in 27/31 (87%) by 24 hr, in 3/31 (10%) by 48 hr, and 1/31 (3%) by 72 hr.  Twenty-nine patients (58%) including the two deaths showed CK-MB enzyme changes.  The first elevation in CK-MB was nil at 6 hr and 72 hr, with 23/27 (85%) at 24 hr, and 4/27 (15%) at 48 hr.  In 22/50 (44%) ECG and enzymes were correlative.  Goldman and Cooperman risk indices were calculated for each patient.  The Cooperman risk index was superior to the Goldman scale in the correlation of observed with predicted myocardial morbidity.  Patients with ECG changes only before surgery were just as liable to further myocardial damage as those patients with ECG changes and a documented history of a previous infarct and/or symptoms.  Myocardial damage is maximal in the first 24 hr after surgery, and may not be adequately predicted by current risk indices.
Elevated serum alkaline phosphatase and peripheral arterial disease in the United States National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2004; Background: Alkaline phosphatase (ALP) is elevated in peripheral arterial disease (PAD). We therefore examined the relationship of PAD with ALP and other liver enzymes in the United States National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2004. Methods: The analysis included 5995 men and non-pregnant women aged >= 40 years with no missing data in variables of interest. PAD was defined as ankle-brachial blood pressure index (ABI) <0.90 in either leg. Results: Serum alkaline phosphatase (ALP) level was associated significantly with lower ABI after adjustment for confounding factors (p=0.019). No significant association of ABI with other liver enzymes was found. Serum ALP level increased with increasing age, body mass index, C-reactive protein, monocyte count, serum uric acid, lead, cadmium, and prevalence of hypercholesterolemia, diabetes, smoking, non-alcohol drinking, and cardiovascular diseases after adjusting for age, sex, race/ethnicity, and survey years (p<0.02). The highest quartile of serum ALP was associated with an odds ratio of 1.89 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.25-2.85) for PAD after adjustment for confounding factors (p for trend=0.023). In subjects with normal kidney function (glomerular filtration rate N90 ml/min/1.73 m(2)), the odds ratio increased to 4.22 (95% CI 1.45-12.35) (p=0.010). Conclusion: Elevated serum ALP is correlated with PAD, independent of other traditional cardiovascular risk factors. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Time dependent variability of QT dispersion after acute myocardial infarction and its relation to ventricular fibrillation: a prospective study; Objective-To show whether increased QT dispersion on admission predicts ventricular fibrillation after acute myocardial infarction, and to determine the nature of time related changes in QT dispersion. Design-Prospective cohort, study. Setting-Coronary care units of three teaching hospitals in Newcastle-upon-Tyne over an eight month period. Patients-All had acute myocardial infarction according to World Health Organization criteria. Interventions-For all patients, QT dispersion (QTd) and Bazett rate corrected QTc dispersion (QTcd) were measured from a high quality 12 lead ECG recorded on admission at a paper speed of 50 mm/s. In a subset, serial ECGs were recorded regularly to show time related changes in QTcd following acute myocardial infarction. Main outcome measures-Occurrence of ventricular fibrillation within the first 24 hours after myocardial infarction. Results-Data collected from 201 patients, 12 of whom (6%) developed ventricular fibrillation within 24 hours. Neither QTd nor QTcd differed between those developing ventricular fibrillation and those who did not: QTd mean (SD), 74 (24) ms (95% confidence interval (CI) 59 to 89) v 66 (24) ms (95% CI 62 to 70), respectively; QTcd, 86 (26) ms(0.5) (95% CI 70 to 102) v 77 (29) ms(0.5) (95% CI 72 to 82), respectively. Significant QTcd changes occurred early after myocardial infarction. Conclusions-Admission QTd and QTcd do not predict ventricular fibrillation after acute myocardial infarction. There are significant. changes in QTcd with time, which may account for this measured lack of correlation.
PCB 118-induced endothelial cell apoptosis is partially mediated by excessive ROS production; Endothelial cell apoptosis, which may alter the integrity of the endothelium and lead to plaque instability, plays a critical role in the development and pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. Exposure of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) is associated with increased risk of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease. In our present study, we explored whether exposure to PCB 118 influences endothelial cell apoptosis in vitro and the underlying mechanisms involved. As expected, exposure to PCB 118 increased the intracellular reactive oxygen species (ROS) levels in HUVECs. Increases in apoptosis and Bax/Bcl-2 ratios were observed in PCB 118-treated HUVECs. N-acetyl-l-cysteine (NAC), a ROS scavenger, partially reduced PCB 118-induced apoptosis and Bax/Bcl-2 ratios in HUVECs. Taken together, PCB 118-induced endothelial cell apoptosis was partially initiated by excessive ROS production.
INSIGHTS INTO THE PATHOGENESIS AND PREVENTION OF CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE; Objective: To present information about risk factor clustering and the oxidation hypothesis of atherosclerosis and attempt to synthesize these facts into a clinically relevant approach to patients with or at risk for coronary artery disease (CAD). Material ann Methods: The total cholesterol level is a relatively weak marker for the risk of CAD. The levels of both high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and remnants of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins and the inherent susceptibility of the low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particles to oxidative modification may be as important as the total or LDL cholesterol levels. LDL cholesterol must undergo oxidative modification by means of oxygen free radical processes before it becomes atherogenic. Patients with high levels of oxidative stress include those with risk factor clustering or insulin resistance (or both). Such patients are characterized by hypertension, truncal obesity, hypertriglyceridemia, depressed HDL cholesterol levels, and increased insulin levels. They also have increased levels of triglyceride-rich remnant lipoproteins and LDL particles that are characterized by their small dense nature and pronounced predisposition to oxidative modification. Results: Biologic antioxidants seem to be promising therapy for the prevention of atherogenesis. Although long-term prospective data are not yet available, vitamin E has been shown to be effective in both animal and human models in preventing LDL oxidation, and it may have a role in the prevention of CAD. A healthy diet of fresh fruits, vegetables, and whole grains is beneficial because it improves the lipid levels and provides high levels of natural antioxidants. The atherogenic potential of hydrogenated polyunsaturated fats is approximately equivalent to that of saturated fats. Monounsaturated fat is inherently resistant to oxidation and may be protective against CAD. Niacin may be effective in patients with clustered risk factors. It has been found to convert the easily oxidized small dense LDL pattern to the large buoyant oxidation-resistant particles. Hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase inhibitors are well tolerated and highly effective in decreasing LDL cholesterol, but they are expensive. Estrogen has multiple potentially beneficial effects relative to cardiovascular disease. Conclusion: Persons with or at high risk for CAD should be identified early and aggressively treated with a program that involves lifestyle changes, alterations in dietary intake, and pharmacologic therapy.
Lead Contributes to Arterial Intimal Hyperplasia Through Nuclear Factor Erythroid 2-Related Factor-Mediated Endothelial Interleukin 8 Synthesis and Subsequent Invasion of Smooth Muscle Cells; Objective-To validate the hypothesis that the toxic heavy metal lead (Pb) may be linked to cardiovascular diseases via the initiation of atherosclerosis, in vivo and in vitro studies were conducted. Methods and Results-During the human study part of this project, serum Pb levels of healthy young women were correlated to carotid intima-media thickness. Multivariate logistic regression analyses showed that increased serum Pb levels were significantly associated with an increased intima-media thickness (P=0.01; odds ratio per SD unit, 1.6 [95% CI, 1.1 to 2.4]). In vitro, Pb induced an increase in interleukin 8 production and secretion by vascular endothelial cells. Nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor-2 is the crucial transcription factor involved in Pb-induced upregulation of interleukin 8. Endothelial cell-secreted interleukin 8 triggered intimal invasion of smooth muscle cells and enhanced intimal thickening in an arterial organ culture model. This phenomenon was further enhanced by Pb-increased elastin synthesis of smooth muscle cells. Conclusion-Our data support the hypothesis that Pb is a novel, independent, and significant risk factor for intimal hyperplasia. (Arterioscler Thromb Vasc Biol. 2010; 30: 1733-1740.)
Comparison of the Management of Non-ST Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction During Emergency Care According to Sex of the Patient; The atypical characteristics of acute coronary syndrome in women lead to differences in management and treatment. We investigated these differences in the urgent management of non-ST-segment acute myocardial infarction (NSTEMI). Data on 39 variables were collected from 539 patients with NSTEMI treated at 97 Spanish emergency departments. After adjustment for 10 baseline differences, the only significant differences were that time-to-arrival at the emergency department was longer for women (odds ratio [OR] = 0.52; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.28-0.95) and that they received more clopidogrel (OR = 1.65; 95% CI, 1.06-2.56). The trend to fewer admissions to coronary or intensive care units (42.9% vs 55.6%) and fewer catheterization procedures (29.7% vs 40.7%) disappeared after adjustment. We conclude that there are virtually no differences in treatment in women with N-STEMI in prehospital and emergency care. (C) 2011 Sociedad Espanola de Cardiologia. Published by Elsevier Espana, S.L. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular involvement in inflammatory bowel disease: dangerous liaisons; Increasing evidence of a link between inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) and adverse cardiovascular events has emerged during the last decade. In 2014, an important number of meta-analyses and cohort studies clarified the subtle dangerous liaisons between gut inflammation and cardiovascular pathology. The evidence suggests that patients with IBD have a significantly increased risk of myocardial infarction, stroke, and cardiovascular mortality, especially during periods of IBD activity. Some populations (e.g., women, young patients) may have an even greater risk. Current effective treatment of IBD is aimed at disease remission and seems to reduce cardiovascular risk in these patients. A beneficial effect was demonstrated for salicylates, but not for steroids or azathioprine. tumor necrosis factor-alpha antagonists, which are highly effective in the reduction of inflammation and in the restoration of the digestive mucosa, lead to conflicting cardiovascular effects, as they seem to reduce the risk for ischemic heart disease but increase the rate of cerebrovascular events. Future supplemental treatment strategies that may reduce the atherothrombotic risk during periods of IBD activity should be explored.
Panic & plaques: Panic disorder & coronary artery disease in patients with chest pain; Background: The purpose of this systematic review was to identify characteristics of the chest pain associated with the presence of panic disorder, to determine the strength of the association between panic disorder and coronary artery disease ( CAD), and to determine the association between panic disorder and known cardiovascular risk factors. Methods: Potential studies were identified via computerized search using MEDLINE and PSYCINFO databases, and review of bibliographies. MeSH headings used included "panic disorder" with "chest pain," "panic disorder" with "coronary disease or cardiovascular disorders or heart disorders," and " panic disorder" with " cholesterol or essential hypertension or tobacco smoking." Studies had to base their diagnosis of panic disorder on criteria from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th Edition, and objective criteria of CAD and risk factors had to be used. Only case-control and cohort studies were included. Results: The relative risk of panic disorder in patients with nonanginal chest pain is 2.03 [ confidence interval ( CI), 1.41 to 2.92]. Concerning the relationship between panic disorder and CAD, studies conducted in emergency departments found a relative risk of 1.25 ( CI, 0.87 to 1.80). However, there is an inverse relationship between the prevalence of CAD in the study and the prevalence of panic disorder among the patients with CAD (r = -. 469, P = .086). Panic disorder has also been linked to cardiac risk factors. Conclusions: Panic disorder and CAD are correlated in noncardiology settings, and recurrent panic attacks may actually cause CAD. Recognition of either condition should lead the family physician to consider the other, resulting in increased vigilance and possible screening.
PROGNOSTIC VALUE OF THE P-WAVE MORPHOLOGY IN THE DISCHARGE ECG IN A 5-YEAR FOLLOW-UP-STUDY AFTER MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION; The discharge ECG of 641 patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) (WHO categories definite and possible AMI) were studied to assess the prognostic value of P wave morphology as an index of left ventricular dysfunction. Of 69 patients with abnormal P terminal force (PTF), i.e., -0.03 mm/s, or more negative, 53.6% died within the next 5 yr of ischemic heart disease, compared with 20.4% of 558 patients with normal PTF. The Odds ratio (age-corrected risk to die, Mantel-Haenszel test) was 4.1 (95% confidence limits 2.4-7.0). The mortality curve of patients with normal PTF was linear, but there was an abrupt rise in mortality rate during the first 6 mo. if PTF was abnormal. Of 15 patients with the frontal axis of the terminal P wave -30.degree. or more negative, 8 died (Odds ratio 4.7; 1.3 to 17.1). Of 10 patients with atrial fibrillation, 5 died (Odds ratio 2; 0.5 to 12.9). In 14 cases the duration of the P wave in Lead II was 0.12 s, but it showed no relationship to mortality (P > 0.10). The significance of P wave morphology on the discharge ECG to long-term survival after AMI was demonstrated. These ECG variables, related to left ventricular failure, can easily be used to differentiate AMI patients who are in greater risk of dying during the chronic phase.
REGRESSION GROWTH EVALUATION STATIN STUDY (REGRESS) - STUDY DESIGN AND BASE-LINE CHARACTERISTICS IN 600 PATIENTS; OBJECTIVE: To assess the effects of lipid lowering, using a hydroxymethyl glutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitor (pravastatin) in symptomatic men with coronary artery disease. To assess follow-up intervention modes and baseline cardiovascular risk factors in men after routine diagnostic coronary arteriography which showed a significant stenosis (at least 50%) in a major segment. DESIGN: Baseline characteristics are stated in a multicentre, prospective, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial entitled 'regression growth evaluation statin study' (REGRESS). SETTING: Seven university hospitals and four referral hospitals in The Netherlands. PATIENTS: The baseline characteristics are given for the initial 600 patients who entered the REGRESS trial. All patients were 'normocholesterolemic' and suffered from symptomatic coronary artery disease. INTERVENTION: Initial follow-up treatment was analyzed after coronary arteriography, in accordance with standardized clinical practice (angioplasty, bypass grafting or medical management only). MAIN RESULTS: In contrast to routine procedures, 44% of the patient population was found in the medical management only stratum, whereas 32% was found in the coronary bypass graft and 24% in the percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty stratum. No major coronary cardiovascular risk factor could explain the decision to perform a certain follow-up intervention. Overall patients showed a low serum high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol level. A higher New York Heart Association classification for anginal complaints tended to favour a more aggressive follow-up approach. CONCLUSIONS: The total REGRESS population showed relatively low HDL cholesterol blood levels compared with the general Dutch population. The rationale to perform a specific follow-up intervention by the treating cardiologist is unclear. Severity of anginal complaints may lead to a more active intervention procedure.
Optimism and Recovery After Acute Coronary Syndrome: A Clinical Cohort Study; Objective Optimism is associated with reduced cardiovascular mortality, but its impact on recovery after acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is poorly understood. We hypothesized that greater optimism would lead to more effective physical and emotional adaptation after ACS and would buffer the impact of persistent depressive symptoms on clinical outcomes. Methods This prospective observational clinical study took place in an urban general hospital and involved 369 patients admitted with a documented ACS. Optimism was assessed with a standardized questionnaire. The main outcomes were physical health status, depressive symptoms, smoking, physical activity, and fruit and vegetable consumption measured 12 months after ACS, and composite major adverse cardiac events (cardiovascular death, readmission with reinfarction or unstable angina, and coronary artery bypass graft surgery) assessed over an average of 45.7 months. Results We found that optimism predicted better physical health status 12 months after ACS independently of baseline physical health, age, sex, ethnicity, social deprivation, and clinical risk factors (B = 0.65, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.10-1.20). Greater optimism also predicted reduced risk of depressive symptoms (odds ratio = 0.82, 95% CI = 0.74-0.90), more smoking cessation, and more fruit and vegetable consumption at 12 months. Persistent depressive symptoms 12 months after ACS predicted major adverse cardiac events over subsequent years (odds ratio = 2.56, 95% CI = 1.16-5.67), but only among individuals low in optimism (optimism x depression interaction; p = .014). Conclusions Optimism predicts better physical and emotional health after ACS. Measuring optimism may help identify individuals at risk. Pessimistic outlooks can be modified, potentially leading to improved recovery after major cardiac events.
THE POTENTIAL ROLE OF ANTIOXIDANTS IN THE PREVENTION OF ATHEROSCLEROSIS; Hypercholesterolemia attributable to increased plasma concentrations of low density lipoproteins is a well recognized risk factor for the premature development of coronary atherosclerosis in both experimental animals and humans. Recent studies have indicated that modifications to low density lipoprotein result in enhanced uptake of the modified lipoproteins by macrophages and lead to accelerated rates of lipid deposition and the creation of foam cells. Oxidation of low density lipoprotein has been shown to be one of the modifications which leads to uptake of this lipoprotein by scavenger receptors present on macrophages and results in intracellular lipid accumulation. Treatment of hypercholesterolemic animals with antioxidant drugs, including probucol, has been shown to reduce the development of atherosclerosis and xanthoma regression has been observed in patients with severe hypercholesterolemia treated with this drug. Epidemiologic studies support the view that low plasma concentrations of antioxidant vitamins, including vitamin E are associated with higher rates of coronary atherosclerosis in humans and that supplementation with vitamin E is associated with a decreased incidence of coronary artery disease. Prospective clinical trials to assess the potential benefit of antioxidant supplementation in high risk patients are currently in progress and these trials, when completed, should provide definitive information concerning the potential benefits to be derived from supplementation with antioxidant vitamins as an adjunctive therapy to prevent the premature development of atherosclerosis.
Association of serum n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids with C-reactive protein in men; Background/Objectives: N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been associated with reduced inflammation. We tested the hypothesis that high serum concentrations of the n-3 PUFAs are associated with lower serum C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations in healthy middle-aged Finnish men. We also examined whether exposure to mercury, an environmental contaminant in fish, which is also a major source of long-chain n-3 PUFA, was associated with CRP. Subjects/Methods: Data from the prospective, population-based Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study were analyzed cross-sectionally to determine the associations between serum n-3 PUFAs, hair mercury and serum CRP in 1395 healthy men, aged 42-60 years. Linear regression analyses were performed to analyze the associations. Results: In the multivariate models, the mean serum CRP in quartiles of serum total n-3 PUFA concentration was 1.23, 1.27, 1.18 and 1.08 mg/l, P for trend 0.01. Statistically significant inverse associations were also observed with the total serum long-chain n-3 PUFA concentration and with the individual long-chain n-3 PUFAs docosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, but not with eicosapentaenoic acid or with the intermediate-chain n-3 PUFA alpha-linolenic acid. Hair methylmercury content was not associated with serum CRP levels and it did not modify the associations between serum n-3 PUFAs and CRP either. Conclusions: Serum n-3 PUFAs and especially the long-chain n-3 PUFA concentration, a marker of fish or fish oil consumption, were inversely associated with serum CRP in men. Exposure to mercury was not associated with serum CRP. European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (2012) 66, 736-741; doi: 10.1038/ejcn.2011.195; published online 23 November 2011
High-frequency QRS electrocardiogram predicts perfusion defects during myocardial perfusion imaging; Background: Changes in high-frequency (HF) QRS components of the electrocardiogram (ECG) (150-250 Hz) are more sensitive than changes in conventional ST segments for detecting myocardial ischemia. We investigated the accuracy of 12-lead HF QRS ECG in detecting perfusion defects during adenosine tetrofosmin myocardial perfusion imaging (MPI). Methods and Results: 12-lead HE QRS ECG recordings were obtained from 45 patients before and during adenosine technetium Tc 99m tetrofosmin MPI tests. Before the adenosine infusions, recordings of HF QRS were analyzed according to a morphologic score that incorporated the number, type, and location of reduced amplitude zones (RAZs) present in the 12 leads. During the adenosine infusions, recordings of HF QRS were analyzed according to the maximum percentage changes (in both the positive and negative directions) that Occurred in root mean square voltage amplitudes within the 12 leads. The best set of prospective HF QRS criteria had a sensitivity of 94% and a specificity of 83% for correctly identifying the MPI result. The sensitivity of simultaneous ST-segment changes (18%) was significantly lower than that of any individual HF QRS criterion (P < .001). Conclusions: Analysis of 12-lead HF QRS ECG is highly sensitive and reasonably specific for detecting perfusion defects during adenosine MPI stress tests and significantly more sensitive than analysis of conventional ST segments. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Prospective Cohort Study of Lead Exposure and Electrocardiographic Conduction Disturbances in the Department of Veterans Affairs Normative Aging Study; Background: No studies have examined the association between cumulative low-level lead exposure and the prospective development of electrocardiographic conduction abnormalities, which may mediate the association between lead and several cardiovascular end points. Objective: We prospectively examined the association between lead exposure and the development of electrocardiographic conduction abnormalities. Methods: We assessed blood lead, bone lead-a biomarker of cumulative lead exposure-measured with K-shell X-ray fluorescence, and electrocardiographic end points among 600 men in the Normative Aging Study who were free of electrocardiographic abnormalities at the time of the baseline ECG. Of these men, we had follow-up data from a second electrocardiogram for 496 men 8.1 (SD = 3.1) years later, on average. We used repeated measures linear regression to analyze change in electrocardiographic conduction timing and logistic regression to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for developing specific conduction disturbances and adjusted for potential confounders. Results: Mean (+/- SD) blood (5.8 +/- 3.6), patella bone (30.3 +/- 17.7), and tibia bone (21.6 +/- 12.0) lead concentrations were similar to those found in samples from the general U. S. population and much lower than those reported in occupationally exposed groups. Compared with those in the lowest tertile of tibia lead, those in the highest had a 7.94-ms (95% CI, 1.42-14.45) increase in heart rate-corrected QT (QTc) interval and a 5.94-ms increase in heart rate-corrected QRS (95% CI, 1.66-10.22) duration > 8 years. Those in the highest tertile of tibia lead also had increased odds of QT prolongation (QTc >= 440 msec; OR = 2.53; 95% CI, 1.22-5.25) and JT prolongation (heart rate-corrected JT > 360 msec; OR = 2.53; 95% CI, 0.93-6.91). Results were weaker for patella lead. No associations were identified with blood lead. Conclusions: This study suggests that low-level cumulative exposure to lead is associated with worse future cardiac conductivity in the ventricular myocardium, as reflected in QT interval characteristics.
Control of blood pressure and heart rate in patients randomized to epidural or general anesthesia for lower extremity vascular surgery; Study Objective: To examine the degree of success at maintaining patients randomized to epidural or general anesthesia for peripheral vascular surgery within predetermined blood pressure (BP) and heart rate (HR) limits. To investigate associations between such hemodynamic control and intraoperative myocardial ischemia and postoperative major cardiac morbidity. Design: Prospective randomized clinical trial. Setting: University-affiliated hospital. Patients: 100 patients undergoing elective lower extremity revascularization for atherosclerotic peripheral vascular disease. Interventions: Blood pressure and HR limits were determined prior to randomization. Hemodynamic monitoring and management of anesthesia was standardized. Myocardial ischemia and major cardiac morbidity were diagnosed by a blinded cardiologist, based on continuous ambulatory ECG monitoring, cardiac enzymes, and 12 lead ECGs. Intraoperative BP and HR data were analyzed by investigators masked to the type of anesthesia given. Measurements and Main Results: A greater percentage of patients randomized to general anesthesia had intraoperative BPs more above their limit (95% vs. 72%, p = 0.002) and/or more rapid changes in HR (75% vs. 48%, p = 0.008) or BP (100% vs. 93%, p = 0.04) than those randomized to epidural anesthesia. Intraoperative ischemia and major cardiac morbidity were similar in the two anesthesia groups. Patients experiencing intraoperative ischemia, regardless of anesthetic type, more frequently had BPs greater than 10% above their upper limit (90% vs. 60%, p = 0.04) and/or more rapid HR changes (90% vs. 58%, p = 0.03) compared with patients without ischemia. These vital sign abnormalities, however, were not necessarily temporally related to the ischemic episodes. Patients experiencing subsequent major cardiac morbidity were not different from other patients with respect to excursions out of BP or HR limits. Conclusions: Prevention of elevated intraoperative BP and/or rapid changes in BP or HR may be more successful with epidural than with general anesthesia. Such vital sign abnormalities may occur more frequently in patients who have had intraoperative ischemia or are at risk for having it later in the procedure. (C) 1996 by Elsevier Science Inc.
The Independent Relationship of Systemic Inflammation With Fragmented QRS Complexes in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndromes; Background and Objectives: QRS complex fragmentations are frequently seen on routine electrocardiograms with narrow or wide QRS complex. Fragmented QRS complex (fQRS) is associated with increased morbidity and mortality, sudden cardiac death and recurrent cardiovascular events. In this study, we aimed to interrogate the relationship of systemic inflammation with the presence of fQRS in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). Subjects and Methods: Two-hundred and twenty eligible patients with ACS that underwent coronary angiography were enrolled consecutively in this study. Patients with significant organic valve disease and those with any QRS morphology that had a QRS duration >= 120 ms as well as patients with permanent pacemakers were excluded from this study. Results: Patients with fQRS were of a higher age (p=0.02), had increased C-reactive protein (CRP) levels (p<0.001), prolonged QRS time (p<0.001), extent of coronary artery disease (CAD) (p<0.001), creatine kinase-MB (CK-MB) levels (p=0.006) and Q wave on admission electrocardiography (p<0.001) in comparison to patients with non-fragmented QRS. When we performed multiple logistic regression analysis, fQRS was found to be related to increased CRP levels {odds ratio (OR): 1.2, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.045-1.316, p=0.007}, QRS duration (OR: 1.1, 95% CI: 1.033-1.098, p<0.001), extent of CAD (OR: 1.5, 95% CI: 1.023-2.144, p=0.037), Q wave (OR: 2.2, 95% CI: 1.084-4.598, p=0.03) and CK-MB levels (OR: 1.0, 95% CI: 1.001-1.037, p=0.04) independently. Conclusion: In our study, we found that fQRS was independently related to increased CRP. Fragmented QRS that may result as an end effect of inflammation at cellular level can represent increased cardiac risk by different causative mechanisms in patients with ACS.
QT dispersion as a risk factor for sudden cardiac death and fatal myocardial infarction in a coronary risk population; Objective-To test in a prospective study the hypothesis that increased QT dispersion in resting 12-lead ECG is a predictor of sudden cardiac death. Design-A nested case-control study during a mean (SD) follow up time of 6.5 (2.8) years. Setting-A prospective, placebo controlled, coronary prevention trial with gemfibrozil among dyslipidaemic middle aged men in primary (occupational) health care units: the Helsinki heart study. Patients-24 victims of fatal myocardial infarction, 48 victims of sudden cardiac death without acute myocardial infarction, and their matched controls. Main outcome measures-QT dispersion in baseline and pre-event electrocardiograms. Results-At study baseline, QT dispersion was similar in all victims and controls. When estimated from the pre-event ECG on average 14 months before death, the risk of sudden cardiac death in the highest QT(PEAK) (up to the peak of the T wave) dispersion tertile (greater than or equal to 50 ms) was 6.2-fold (95% confidence interval 1.7 to 23.5) compared with the risk in the lowest tertile (less than or equal to 30 ms), and 4.9-fold (1.2 to 19.5) after adjustment for the presence of left ventricular hypertrophy, while QT(PEAK) dispersion could not predict fatal myocardial infarction. QT(END) dispersion (up to the end of the T wave) in pre-event ECGs could not discriminate victims of either sudden cardiac death or fatal myocardial infarction from their matched controls. Conclusions-In middle aged men with a normal conventional QT interval in 12-lead resting EGG, increased QT(PEAK) dispersion is an independent risk factor for sudden cardiac death, but not for fatal myocardial infarction.
BLOOD LEAD AS A CARDIOVASCULAR RISK FACTOR; Many epidemiologic and experimental animal studies support the hypothesis of there being a causal association between lead exposure and increased blood pressure/cardiovascular disease. This study includes 1,052 men and women from Copenhagen County, Denmark, who were examined in 1976 and 1981, in 1987. only the men were examined. Blood lead fell by approximately 40% for the men during the 11-year period and by approximately 30% for the women during the first 5-year period. There was a univariate association between systolic blood pressure and blood lead for both sexes in 1976, but it disappeared at the following examinations. For women, there was also a significant association with diastolic blood pressure, even after confounders were controlled for at the two examinations. Moreover, the authors found a significant univariate association between changes in blood lead and changes in systolic blood pressure from 1976 to 1987 in the males. All participants taking part in the study in 1976 were followed regarding hospital admissions and deaths throughout a follow-up period lasting for 14 years. There was a significant univariate association with total mortality, coronary heart disease, and cardiovascular disease. However, with regard to coronary heart disease and cardiovascular disease, the associations disappeared when confounders were controlled for. Blood lead was a significant predictor of total mortality after control for relevant confounders. This study supports the hypothesis of there being a weak causal association between blood lead and blood pressure, total mortality, coronary heart disease, and cardiovascular disease. The importance of this association is very modest for the individual, but the population attributable risk may be considerable.
Relation of apolipoprotein(a) size to Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia; Lipoprotein(a)[Lp(a)] level is a newly established vascular risk factor which has been suggested to play a role in dementia. However, the majority of Lp(a) cell-to-cell interactions are mediated by its specific apolipoprotein(a)[apo(a)] moiety. This suggests that the size polymorphism of apo(a) may be of importance in conveying the Lp(a)-related risk. Specifically, we postulated that variation in apo( a) isoform size may lead to increased risk of vascular dementia (VaD), Alzheimer's disease (AD), stroke, or all three of them. Under a case-control design we compared Lp(a) plasma levels and the distribution of apo(a) phenotypes in groups of subjects consisting of 50 VaD patients, 162 sporadic AD patients, 95 non-demented stroke patients (NDS), and 105 normal controls. The prevalence of small-sized apo(a)isoforms in the VaD group was significantly higher than that in the stroke and normal control groups, with an odds ratio of 5.29 (95% CI 2.24-12.49, p=0.0001) for the development of VaD for individuals with at least one apo( a) isoform of low molecular weight (LMW). Furthermore, the possession of at least one small-sized apo(a) isoform significantly increased the risk of AD to 1.92 (95% CI 1.02-3.61, p=0.0434). Our results demonstrate that possession of at least one LMW apo(a) isoform is significantly associated with dementia and specifically offer new evidence of a strong association between the lipoprotein system and post-stroke dementia. Copyright (C) 2004 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Myocardial Ischemia Evaluation With Dual-source Computed Tomography: Comparison With Magnetic Resonance Imaging; Introduction and objectives: Computed tomography does not accurately determine which coronary lesions lead to myocardial ischemia and consequently further tests are required to evaluate ischemia induction. The aim of this study was to compare diagnostic accuracy between dual-energy computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging in the assessment of myocardial perfusion and viability in patients suspected of coronary artery disease. Methods: A prospective study was performed in 56 consecutive patients (39 men [69.6%]; mean age [standard deviation], 63 [10]; range, 23-81). Computed tomography was performed with the following protocol: 1, adenosine stress perfusion; 2, coronary angiography; and 3, delayed enhancement. Magnetic resonance imaging for the evaluation of stress perfusion and delayed enhancement was performed within 30 days. Two observers in consensus analyzed the perfusion and delayed enhancement images. Results: We studied 952 myocardial segments and 168 vascular territories. In a per-segment analysis, the sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values of computed tomography compared with magnetic resonance were 76%, 99%, 89%, and 98% for perfusion defects, and 64%, 99%, 82%, and 99% for delayed enhancement, respectively. In a per-vascular territory analysis, the same measures were 78%, 97%, 86%, and 95% for perfusion defects, and 72%, 99%, 93%, and 97% for delayed enhancement, respectively. The mean radiation dose was 8.2 (2) mSv. Conclusions: Dual-source computed tomography may allow accurate and concomitant evaluation of perfusion defects and myocardial viability and analysis of coronary anatomy. (C) 2013 Sociedad Espanola de Cardiologia. Published by Elsevier Espana, S. L. All rights reserved.
Cardiological evaluation after cerebral ischaemia; The cardiological evaluation of patients with cerebral ischaemia is of great clinical importance because diseases of the heart and aorta represent important sources of embolism, because ischaemic stroke is an index event that can lead to the diagnosis of cardiovascular diseases and because the mortality and morbidity of stroke patients are determined by concomitant cardiac diseases. Despite the importance of cardiological examinations for patients with ischaemic strokes, the topic is only addressed by few prospective clinical studies. Therefore, this interdisciplinary consensus document was developed to summarise the available information and to make expert recommendations for the evaluation of cardiovascular risk markers, electrocardiographic examinations, echocardiography and the indications for further investigations of a cardiac disease.
Unrecognized Non-Q-Wave Myocardial Infarction: Prevalence and Prognostic Significance in Patients with Suspected Coronary Disease; Background: Unrecognized myocardial infarction (UMI) is known to constitute a substantial portion of potentially lethal coronary heart disease. However, the diagnosis of UMI is based on the appearance of incidental Q-waves on 12-lead electrocardiography. Thus, the syndrome of non-Q-wave UMI has not been investigated. Delayed-enhancement cardiovascular magnetic resonance (DE-CMR) can identify MI, even when small, subendocardial, or without associated Q-waves. The aim of this study was to investigate the prevalence and prognosis associated with non-Q-wave UMI identified by DE-CMR. Methods and Findings: We conducted a prospective study of 185 patients with suspected coronary disease and without history of clinical myocardial infarction who were scheduled for invasive coronary angiography. Q-wave UMI was determined by electrocardiography (Minnesota Code). Non-Q-wave UMI was identified by DE-CMR in the absence of electrocardiographic Q-waves. Patients were followed to determine the prognostic significance of non-Q-wave UMI. The primary endpoint was all-cause mortality. The prevalence of non-Q-wave UMI was 27% (50/185), compared with 8% (15/185) for Q-wave UMI. Patients with non-Q-wave UMI were older, were more likely to have diabetes, and had higher Framingham risk than those without MI, but were similar to those with Q-wave UMI. Infarct size in non-Q-wave UMI was modest (8%+/- 7% of left ventricular mass), and left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) by cine-CMR was usually preserved (52%+/- 18%). The prevalence of non-Q-wave UMI increased with the extent and severity of coronary disease on angiography (p<0.0001 for both). Over 2.2 y (interquartile range 1.8-2.7), 16 deaths occurred: 13 in non-Q-wave UMI patients (26%), one in Q-wave UMI (7%), and two in patients without MI (2%). Multivariable analysis including New York Heart Association class and LVEF demonstrated that non-Q-wave UMI was an independent predictor of all-cause mortality (hazard ratio [HR] 11.4, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.5-51.1) and cardiac mortality (HR 17.4, 95% CI 2.2-137.4). Conclusions: In patients with suspected coronary disease, the prevalence of non-Q-wave UMI is more than 3-fold higher than Q-wave UMI. The presence of non-Q-wave UMI predicts subsequent mortality, and is incremental to LVEF. Trial Registration: Clinicaltrials. gov NCT00493168
Frequency of diastolic third and fourth heart sounds with myocardial ischemia induced during percutaneous coronary intervention; Background: Although the standard 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) is considered the gold standard to diagnose acute myocardial ischemia, nearly half of ECGs are nondiagnostic in patients who present with chest pain and have subsequent confirmation of infarction with positive scrum biomarkers. Methods: A prospective study was performed to investigate the frequency and intensity of diastolic third and fourth heart sounds (S3 and S4), as measured by computerized acoustic cardiography, with myocardial ischemia induced by balloon occlusion during percutaneous coronary intervention. Results: In our 24 subjects, during percutaneous coronary intervention-induced ischemia, a new or increased intensity S3 or S4 developed in 67%. Ten (67%) of 15 patients without clinical ST criteria for ischemia also developed new or increased-intensity diastolic heart sounds. Conclusions: The combined use of diastolic heart sounds, as a measurement of ventricular dysfunction, with the standard ECG may improve the noninvasive diagnosis of myocardial ischemia that is likely to develop into infarction. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Predictive Value of ST-Segment Elevation in Lead aVR for Left Main and/or Three-Vessel Disease in Non-ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction; BackgroundST-segment elevation in lead aVR predicts left main and/or three-vessel disease (LM/3VD) in patients with acute coronary syndromes. ST-segment elevation in lead aVR is generally reciprocal to and accompanied by ST-segment depression in precordial leads. Previous studies have assessed the independent predictive value of ST-segment elevation in lead aVR for LM/3VD in non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome and have reported conflicting results. MethodsWe performed a retrospective analysis of 379 patients with non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI). Electrocardiograms on presentation were reviewed especially for ST-segment elevation 0.05 mV in lead aVR and ST-segment depression 0.05 mV in more than two contiguous leads in any other leads. ResultsAmong 379 patients, 97 (26%) patients had ST-segment elevation in lead aVR and 88 (23%) patients had LM/3VD. Patients with ST-segment elevation in lead aVR had a higher rate of LM/3VD (39% vs. 18%; P < 0.001) and in-hospital revascularization (73% vs. 60%; P = 0.02) driven by a higher rate of in-hospital coronary artery bypass grafting (19% vs. 7%; P < 0.001) than those without ST-segment elevation in lead aVR. On multivariate analysis, ST-segment elevation in lead aVR (odds ratio [OR] 2.05; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.10-3.77; P = 0.02) and ST-segment depression in leads V-1-V-4 (OR 2.99; 95% CI 1.46-6.15; P = 0.003) were independent predictors of LM/3VD. ConclusionThis study demonstrates that ST-segment elevation in lead aVR is an independent predictor of LM/3VD in patients with NSTEMI.
Genetic Variants Contributing to Circulating Matrix Metalloproteinase 8 Levels and Their Association With Cardiovascular Diseases: A Genome-Wide Analysis; Background Matrix metalloproteinase 8 (MMP-8) is a proinflammatory enzyme expressed mainly by neutrophils. Elevated serum and plasma concentrations of MMP-8 are associated with the risk for and outcome of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). The origin of circulating MMP-8 is not completely clear. Methods and Results We performed a genome-wide association study of serum MMP-8 levels in 2 populations comprising altogether 6049 individuals. Moreover, we studied whether MMP-8-associated variants are linked to increased risk of CVDs and overall mortality in >20000 subjects. The strongest association with serum MMP-8 was found in locus 1q31.3, containing the gene for complement factor H (lead single nucleotide polymorphism: rs800292; P=2.4x10(-35)). In functional experiments, activation of the alternative pathway of complement in the carriers of rs800292 minor allele (Ile62 in factor H) led to decreased release of MMP-8 from neutrophils compared with the major allele (Val62 in factor H). Another association was detected in 1q21.3, containing genes S100A8, S100A9, and S100A12 (strongest association: rs1560833; P=5.3x10(-15)). The minor allele of rs1560833 was inversely associated with CVD (odds ratio [95% confidence interval]: 0.90 [0.82-0.99]; P=0.032) and the time to incident CVD event (hazard ratio [95% confidence interval]: 0.91 [0.84-0.99]; P=0.032) in men but not in women. Conclusions According to our results, the activation of the alternative pathway of the complement system strongly contributes to serum MMP-8 concentration. Genetic polymorphism in S100A9-S100A12-S100A8 locus affects serum and plasma MMP-8 and shows a suggestive association with the risk of CVDs. Our results show that genetic variation determines a significant portion of circulating MMP-8 concentrations.
Myocardial infarction in relation to mercury and fatty acids from fish: a risk-benefit analysis based on pooled Finnish and Swedish data in men; Background: Exposure to methylmercury from fish has been associated with increased risk of myocardial infarction (MI) in some studies. At the same time, marine n-3 (omega-3) PUFAs are an inherent constituent of fish and are regarded as beneficial. To our knowledge, no risk-benefit model on the basis of data on methylmercury, PUFA, and MI risk has yet been presented. Objective: The objective of this study was to describe how exposure to both marine n-3 PUFAs and methylmercury relates to MI risk by using data from Finland and Sweden. Design: We used matched case-control sets from Sweden and Finland that were nested in population-based, prospective cohort studies. We included 361 men with MI from Sweden and 211 men with MI from Finland. MI risk was estimated in a logistic regression model with the amount of mercury in hair (hair-Hg) and concentrations of n-3 PUFAs (EPA and DHA) in serum (S-PUFA) as independent variables. Results: The median hair-Hg was 0.57 mu g/g in Swedish and 1.32 mu g/g in Finnish control subjects, whereas the percentage of S-PUFA was 4.21% and 3.83%, respectively. In combined analysis, hair-Hg was associated with higher (P = 0.005) and S-PUFA with lower (P = 0.011) MI risk. Our model indicated that even a small change in fish consumption (ie, by increasing S-PUFA by 1%) would prevent 7% of MIs, despite a small increase in mercury exposure. However, at a high hair-Hg, the modeled beneficial effect of PUFA on MI risk was counteracted by methylmercury. Conclusions: Exposure to methylmercury was associated with increased risk of MI, and higher S-PUFA concentrations were associated with decreased risk of MI. Thus, MI risk may be reduced by the consumption of fish high in PUFAs and low in methylmercury. Am J Clin Nutr 2012;96:706-13.
CONTINUOUS 12-LEAD ST-SEGMENT RECOVERY ANALYSIS IN THE TAMI 7 STUDY - PERFORMANCE OF A NONINVASIVE METHOD FOR REAL-TIME DETECTION OF FAILED MYOCARDIAL REPERFUSION; Background. If a practical, reliable, noninvasive marker of failed reperfusion was available in real time, the benefits of further therapy in this patient subgroup could be tested. We developed a method of 12-lead ST-segment recovery analysis using continuously updated reference points to provide such a marker. Methods and Results. In this study, our method was prospectively tested in 144 patients given thrombolytic therapy early in myocardial infarction. All patients had 12-lead continuous ST-segment monitoring and acute angiography, each analyzed in an independent, blinded core laboratory. ST-segment recovery and reelevation were analyzed up to the moment of angiography, at which time patency was predicted. Predictions were correlated to angiographic infarct artery flow, with TIMI flow 0 to 1 as occluded and TIMI flow 2 to 3 as patent. Infarct artery occlusion was seen on first injection in 27% of patients. The positive predictive value of incomplete ST recovery or ST reelevation by our method was 71%, negative predictive value 87%, with 90% specificity and 64% sensitivity for coronary occlusion. ST recovery analysis predicted patency in 94% of patients with TIMI 3 flow versus 81% of patients with TIMI 2 flow and predicted occlusion in 57% of patients with collateralized occlusion versus 72% of patients with noncollateralized occlusion. In a regression model including other noninvasive clinical descriptors, ST recovery alone contained the vast majority of predictive information about patency. Conclusions. In a blinded, prospective, angiographically correlated study design, 12-lead continuous ST-segment recovery analysis shows promise as a practical noninvasive marker of failed reperfusion that may contribute substantially to currently available bedside assessment. Our data also suggest that patients with TIMI 2 flow or with collateralized occlusions may represent a physiological spectrum definable with ST-segment recovery analysis.
Association of low-level arsenic exposure in drinking water with cardiovascular disease: A systematic review and risk assessment; The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is developing an integrated assessment of non-cancer and cancer risk assessment of inorganic arsenic (iAs). Cardiovascular disease (CVD) in association with iAs exposure has been examined in a number of studies and provides a basis for evaluating a reference dose (RfD) for assessing potential non-cancer health risks of arsenic exposure. In this systematic review of low-level iAs exposure (i.e., <100-150 mu g/L arsenic water concentration) and CVD in human populations, 13 cohort and case-control studies from the United States, Taiwan, Bangladesh, and China were identified and critically examined for evidence for derivation of a RfD. Eight cross-sectional and ecological studies from the United States were also examined for additional information. Prospective cohort data from Bangladesh provided the strongest evidence for determining the point of departure in establishing a candidate RID based on a combined endpoint of mortality from "ischemic heart disease and other heart diseases." This study as well as the overall literature supported a no-observed-adverse-effect level of 100 mu g/L for arsenic in water, which was equivalent to an iAs dose of 0.009 mg/kg-day (based on population-specific water consumption rates and dietary iAs intake). The study population was likely sensitive to arsenic toxicity because of nutritional deficiencies affecting arsenic methylation and one-carbon metabolism, as well as increasing CVD risk. Evidence is less clear on the interaction of CVD risk factors in the United States (e.g., diabetes, obesity, and hypertension) with arsenic at low doses. Potential uncertainty factors up to 3 resulted in a RfD for CVD in the range of 0.003-0.009 mg/kg-day. Although caution should be exercised in extrapolating these results to the U.S. general population, these doses allow a margin of exposure that is 10-30 times the current RID derived by EPA (based on skin lesions in Southwest Taiwan). These findings suggest that the current EPA RID is protective of CVD. (C) 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
ST-segment depression in lead aVR - A useful predictor of impaired myocardial reperfusion in patients with inferior acute myocardial infarction; Study objective: During inferior acute myocardial infarction (AMI), the ECG lead aVR is frequently ignored, and therefore its clinical significance remains unclear. We examined the relation between ST-segment deviation seen in lead aVR on ECGs obtained at hospital admission and myocardial reperfusion in patients who have experienced recanalized inferior AMIs. Design and setting: Retrospective study. Patients: A total of 225 patients with inferior AMIs in whom Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction grade 3 flow was achieved within 6 h after symptom onset. Measurements and results: Patients were classified as follows according to ST-segment deviation in lead aVR on an ECG obtained at hospital admission: group A, 103 patients with no ST-segment depression; group B, 80 patients with ST-segment depression of <= 1.0 mm; and group C, 42 patients with ST-segment depression of > 1.0 mm. There were no differences in time from symptom onset to hospital admission or in the culprit lesion among the three groups. The degree of ST-segment elevation in leads 11, 111, aVF, V5, or V6, the degree of ST-segment depression in leads VI to V4, and the sum of ST-segment deviation in these leads were lowest in group A and highest in group C. In groups A, B, and C, the incidence of impaired myocardial reperfusion, defined as myocardial blush grade 0/1, was 2%, 23%, and 67%, respectively (p < 0.001). The sensitivity and negative predictive values of ST-segment depression in lead aVR for impaired myocardial reperfusion were higher than those based on other ECG variables. Multivariate analysis showed that the degree of ST-segment depression in lead aVR was an independent predictor of impaired myocardial reperfusion (odds ratio 8.41; 95% confidence interval, 2.96 to 23.9; p < 0.001). Conclusions: We conclude that the degree of ST-segment depression in lead aVR is a useful predictor of impaired myocardial reperfusion in patients who have experienced inferior AMIs.
The relationship between neutrophil counts on admission and angiographic no-reflow after primary percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction; Background The no-reflow phenomenon during primary percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) can lead to poor outcomes. Increased neutrophil counts have been associated with an increased risk of adverse clinical events after acute myocardial infarction (AMI). The aim of this study was to assess the relation between admission neutrophil counts and angiographic no-reflow after PPCI. Methods A total of 217 patients with acute STEMI who underwent PPCI, were enrolled. The patients were divided into two groups: no-reflow and normal-reflow. The neutrophil counts and other laboratory parameters were measured on admission before PPCI. Results There were 41 patients (18.9%) in the no-reflow group and 176 patients in the normal-reflow group. Patients with no-reflow were older (68.0 +/- 11.7 years vs 60.7 +/- 13.2 years, P = 0.019) and had significantly higher admission neutrophil counts (9.02 +/- 3.97 x 10(9)/L vs 7.57 +/- 2.82 x 10(9)/L, P=0.007). Also, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), white blood counts, monocyte counts were significantly higher while haemoglobin values were significantly lower in the no-reflow group. In multivariate analysis, neutrophil counts remained a strong independent predictor of angiographic no-reflow (odds ratio 1,200,95% confidence interval 1.073-1.342, P=0.001) together with age (odds ratio 1.041, 95% confidence interval 1.012-1.071, P=0.005). Conclusions Neutrophil counts on admission and age were independent clinical predictors of no-reflow following primary PCI in patients with STEMI. Our findings suggest that admission neutrophil counts may be available for early risk stratification of no-reflow after primary PCI and might allow the improvement of strategies to prevent this phenomenon.
Biomarkers of Atrial Cardiopathy and Atrial Fibrillation Detection on Mobile Outpatient Continuous Telemetry After Embolic Stroke of Undetermined Source; Background: Biomarkers of atrial dysfunction or "cardiopathy" are associated with embolic stroke risk. However, it is unclear if this risk is mediated by undiagnosed paroxysmal atrial fibrillation or flutter (AF). We aim to determine whether atrial cardiopathy biomarkers predict AF on continuous heart-rhythm monitoring after embolic stroke of undetermined source (ESUS). Methods: This was a single-center retrospective study including all patients with ESUS undergoing 30 days of ambulatory heart-rhythm monitoring to look for AF between January 1, 2013 and December 31, 2015. We reviewed medical records for clinical, radiographic, and cardiac variables. The primary outcome was a new diagnosis of AF detected during heart-rhythm monitoring. The primary predictors were atrial biomarkers: left atrial diameter on echocardiography, P-wave terminal force in electrocardiogram (ECG) lead V1, and P wave - R wave (PR) interval on ECG. A multiple logistic regression model was used to assess the relationship between atrial biomarkers and AF detection. Results: Among 196 eligible patients, 23 (11.7%) were diagnosed with AF. In unadjusted analyses, patients with AF were older (72.4 years versus 61.4 years, P < .001) and had larger left atrial diameter (39.2 mm versus 35.7 mm, P = .03). In a multivariable model, the only predictor of AF was age = 60 years (odds ratio, 3.0; 95% CI, 1.06-8.5; P = .04). Conclusion: Atrial biomarkers were weakly associated with AF after ESUS. This suggests that previously reported associations between these markers and stroke may reflect independent cardiac pathways leading to stroke. Prospective studies are needed to investigate these mechanisms.
Associations of the serum long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and hair mercury with heart rate-corrected QT and JT intervals in men: the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study; Purpose Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) from fish have been associated with risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVD), especially sudden cardiac death (SCD). Mercury exposure, mainly due fish consumption, has been associated with higher risk. However, the impact of PUFAs or mercury on the ventricular cardiac arrhythmias, which often precede SCD, is not completely known. We investigated the associations of the serum long-chain omega-3 PUFAs and hair mercury with ventricular repolarization, measured by heart rate-corrected QT and JT intervals (QTc and JTc, respectively). Methods A total of 1411 men from the prospective, population-based Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study, aged 42-60 years and free of CVD in 1984-1989, were studied. Results Serum long-chain omega-3 PUFA concentrations were inversely associated with QTc and JTc (multivariate-adjusted P trend across quartiles = 0.02 and 0.002, respectively) and, during the mean 22.9-year follow-up, with lower SCD risk. However, further adjustments for QTc, JTc or hair mercury did not attenuate the associations with SCD. Hair mercury was not associated with QTc, JTc or SCD risk, but it slightly attenuated the associations of the serum long-chain omega-3 PUFA with QTc and JTc. Conclusions Higher serum long-chain omega-3 PUFA concentrations, mainly a marker for fish consumption, were inversely associated with QTc and JTc in middle-aged and older men from Eastern Finland, but QTc or JTc did not attenuate the inverse associations of the long-chain omega-3 PUFA with SCD risk. This suggests that prevention of prolonged ventricular repolarization may not explain the inverse association of the long-chain omega-3 PUFA with SCD risk.
Effect of biphasic waveforms on transvenous defibrillation thresholds in patients with coronary artery disease; This study is a prospective, randomized comparison of monophasic and biphasic defibrillation thresholds in 19 patients with a single transvenous lead. Despite using reverse polarity and optimal tilts for the monophasic waveform, the defibrillation threshold was reduced with biphasic shocks from 15.8 +/- 11.3 to 11.5 +/- 6.1 (p <0.05) with comparable reductions of leading edge voltage and current.
Prediction of the need for intensive care in patients who come to emergency departments with acute chest pain; Background. Patients who come to the emergency department with chest pain are a heterogeneous group. Some have ischemic heart disease that may lead to serious complications, whereas others have minor disorders. We performed a study to identify clinical factors that predict which patients will have complications requiring intensive care. Methods. We first studied 10,682 patients with acute chest pain at seven hospitals between 1984 and 1986 (derivation set) to identify potential clinical predictors of the development of major complications, We then validated these predictors in a separate set of 4676 patients at one hospital between 1990 and 1994 (validation set). Results. In the derivation set of patients, we identified the following clinical features, which, if present in the emergency department, were associated with an increased risk of complications: ST-segment elevation or Q waves on the electrocardiogram thought to indicate acute myocardial infarction, other electrocardiographic changes indicating myocardial ischemia, low systolic blood pressure, pulmonary rales above the bases, or an exacerbation of known ischemic heart disease, On the basis of these criteria, the patients in the validation set were stratified into four groups, with the risk of major complications in the first 12 hours ranging from 0.15 to 8 percent, After 12 hours, the probability of a major complication could be updated on the basis of whether the patient had already had a complication of major severity, a complication of intermediate severity, or a myocardial infarction (independent relative risks, 18.9, 7.7, and 4.0, respectively, as compared with patients without prior complications or myocardial infarction). Conclusions, The risk of major complications in patients with acute chest pain can be estimated on the basis of the clinical presentation and new clinical observations made during the hospital course. These estimates of risk help in making rational decisions about the appropriate level of medical care for patients with acute chest pain. (C) 1996, Massachusetts Medical Society.
Primary prevention of cardiovascular diseases: Long term results of five year long preventive intervention in 12-year old boys (ten year prospective study); In a longitudinal cohort (prevention group, n=213, comparison group, n=163) of 10-year prospective follow-up we assessed efficacy of 5-year-long multifactor preventive intervention, conducted in a sample of population of 12 year old boys. Preventive intervention was carried out both at populational level and among persons with risk factors of development of cardiovascular diseases with the use of group, individual, and partly family approaches, and was directed at rationalization of nutrition, elevation of physical activity and prevention of harmful habits. During first 3 years of prevention we succeeded to achieve stable statistically significant lowering of mean levels of total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and atherogeneity index, as well as to affect fatty component of body mass (skinfold thickness). Long term effect of 5-year long preventive intervention manifested as significantly lower level of systolic blood pressure, lower prevalence of low levels of high density lipoprotein cholesterol, smaller increment of low density lipoprotein cholesterol and index of atherogeneity in the prevention group. These results evidence that prevention of main factors of risk of development of cardiovascular diseases (obesity, arterial hypertension, disorders of lipid composition of the blood, and low physical activity) in child and adolescent age in the period of active growth and development is feasible, effective, safe and is able to lead to decrease of levels of these factors in adults, but should last uninterruptedly until formation of stable habits of healthy life style.
Antibodies to platelet factor 4/heparin are associated with elevated endothelial cell activation markers in patients with acute coronary ischemic syndromes; Background: We postulated that antibodies to platelet factor 4/heparin complex lead to a heightened inflammatory state, contributing to an increased risk of recurrent thrombotic events. Methods: We analyzed serum from a subset of patients in the placebo/unfractionated heparin arm of the GUSTO IV-ACS trial who had prior heparin exposure. We selected 109 patients with the 30 day primary end-point (death, MI or revascularization) and an equal number of controls, excluding patients with thrombocytopenia. Anti-platelet factor 4/heparin antibodies and inflammatory markers (sVCAM-1, sICAM-1, sE-selectin, sP-selectin, us-CRP, IL-6) were measured on serum samples. Results: Patients with anti-PF4/heparin antibodies were more likely to have death or MI (30.4% vs. 11.3%, p = 0.01), or MI (21.7% vs. 6.2%, p = 0.01) than patients who were antibody negative. In a multiple logistic regression model that included inflammatory markers and clinical risk factors, antibody to PF4/heparin was a strong predictor of 30 day MI ( odds ratio: 9.0; 95% confidence intervals 2.1-38.6; p < 0.01), with IL-6 being the only other predictor ( odds ratio: 1.1; 95% confidence intervals 1.0-1.2; p = 0.03). Antibody positive patients had higher levels of sVCAM-1 (892 +/- 263 mu g/l versus 780 +/- 228 mu g/l; p = 0.04) and sICAM-1(246 +/- 50 mu g/l versus 222 +/- 71 mu g/l; p = 0.02) than antibody-negative patients. Conclusions: Antibodies to the platelet factor 4/heparin complex were associated with elevated levels of endothelial but not platelet activation markers, or markers of a systemic inflammatory state. Anti-PF4/heparin antibodies were associated with a 9-fold increased risk of recurrent MI at 30 days.
Homocystinuria: What about mild hyperhomocysteinaemia?; Hyperhomocysteinaemia is associated with an increased risk of atherosclerotic vascular disease and thromboembolism, in both men and women. A variety of conditions can lead to elevated homocysteine levels, but the relation between high levels and vascular disease is present regardless of the underlying cause. Pooled data from a large number of studies demonstrate that mild hyperhomocysteinaemia after a standard methionine load is present in 21% of young patients with coronary artery disease, in 24% of patients with cerebrovascular disease, and in 32% of patients with peripheral vascular disease. From such data an odds ratio of 13.0 (95% confidence interval 5.9 to 28.1), as an estimate of the relative risk of vascular disease at a young age, can be calculated in subjects with an abnormal response to methionine loading. Furthermore, mild hyperhomo-cysteinaemia can lead to a two- or three-fold increase in the risk of recurrent venous thrombosis. Elevated homocysteine levels can be reduced to normal in virtually all cases by simple and safe treatment with vitamin Bg, folic acid, and betaine, each of which is involved in methionine metabolism. A clinically beneficial effect of such an intervention, currently under investigation, would make large-scale screening for this risk factor mandatory.
Left Ventricular Systolic Dysfunction in Metastatic Breast Cancer Patients: A Polish Multicenter Registry; Background: The knowledge of the epidemiology of left ventricular systolic dysfunction (LVSD) in relationship with cardiovascular diseases, their risk factors and history of previous anticancer therapy may lead to development of safer and more effective therapeutic strategies in patients with breast cancer (BC). Patients and Methods: Oncologists from various Polish Centers reported 299 new cases of metastatic BC requiring chemotherapy. All registered previous cardiological and oncological therapies should be conducted in accordance with the mandatory guidelines. Results: Twelve new cases (4%) of LVSD were recognized in echocardiography before current chemotherapy. Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed a significant association of LVSD with hypercholesterolemia (odds ratio (OR)=8.83; 95% confidence interval (CI)=1.44-54.16; p<0.02), prior myocardial infarction (OR=26.81; 95% CI=2.26-318.43; p<0.01), prior antracycline-based therapy either neoadjuvant (OR=13.21; 95% CI=2.1880.12, p=0.005) or adjuvant (OR=6.94; 95% CI=1.003-47.985, p<0.05). Conclusion: LVSD in metastatic BC reflects common negative effects of hypercholesterolemia, coronary events and neoadjuvant/adjuvant chemotherapy with anthracyclines.
P2Y12 Receptor Antagonists: Which One to Choose? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: Pharmacological properties of the currently available P2Y12 receptor antagonists differ significantly and lead to different degrees of platelets inhibition and cardiovascular outcomes. Methods: We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of the comparative effects of newer antiplatelet agents versus clopidogrel on major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, major bleeding and stent thrombosis, in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and/or undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Results: We identified 11 prospective randomized studies comparing newer antiplatelets to clopidogrel. The total number of participants included in meta-analysis was 70239. The total number of participants treated with clopidogrel was 34792 while 35447 patients were assigned to newer P2Y12 inhibitors, of which 29.4% received ticagrelor, 35.2% prasugrel and 35.4% were loaded with intravenous cangrelor. Ticagrelor use was associated with significantly reduced MACE, all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction and stent thrombosis and similar rates of stroke and major bleeding compared to clopidogrel in patients with ACS and/or PCI. Prasugrel use was associated with significantly lower rates of MACE, MI and stent thrombosis but significantly high rates of major bleeding and thus no all-cause mortality benefit compared to clopidogrel. Conclusion: Newer P2Y12 receptor antagonists are associated with better cardiovascular outcomes in patients with ACS and/or undergoing PCI. Prasugrel use resulted in higher major bleeding rates and no overall mortality benefit compared with clopidogrel.
Atheroprotective effects of long-acting dihydropyridine-type calcium channel blockers: Evidence from clinical trials and basic scientific research; Atherosclerosis is a systemic disease that can ultimately lead to ischaemia and infarction in the heart, brain and peripheral vasculature. According to the 'response to injury' hypothesis, endothelial dysfunction is the early event that allows penetration of lipids and inflammatory cells into the arterial wall, contributing to the development of the atherosclerotic lesion. Endothelial dysfunction is causally related to a variety of risk factors for atherosclerosis, including hyperlipidaemia and hypertension. Agents that restore endothelial function and NO bioavailability have beneficial anti-atherogenic activities and can improve cardiovascular outcomes; this has been observed with angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, statins and certain dihydropyridine-type calcium channel blockers (CCBs). In the Prospective Randomised Evaluation of the Vascular Effects of Norvasc Trial (PREVENT), the CCB amlodipine provided significant clinical benefits compared with placebo, including a marked reduction in cardiovascular morbidity and a reduction in the progression of carotid atherosclerosis. As these beneficial effects of amlodipine have not been observed with other dihydropyridine-type CCBs, it has been proposed that this agent has distinct anti-atherosclerotic properties related to its strong lipophilicity and membrane location. Experimental support for this hypothesis has been obtained from various in vitro and in vivo models of atherosclerosis. These findings support a broader therapeutic role for third-generation dihydropyridine-type CCBs in the treatment of atherosclerosis. Copyright (C) 2003 S. Karger AG, Basel.
From vulnerable plaque to vulnerable patient - A call for new definitions and risk assessment strategies: Part II; Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease results in > 19 million deaths annually, and coronary heart disease accounts for the majority of this toll. Despite major advances in treatment of coronary heart disease patients, a large number of victims of the disease who are apparently healthy die suddenly without prior symptoms. Available screening and diagnostic methods are insufficient to identify the victims before the event occurs. The recognition of the role of the vulnerable plaque has opened new avenues of opportunity in the field of cardiovascular medicine. This consensus document concludes the following. (1) Rupture-prone plaques are not the only vulnerable plaques. All types of atherosclerotic plaques with high likelihood of thrombotic complications and rapid progression should be considered as vulnerable plaques. We propose a classification for clinical as well as pathological evaluation of vulnerable plaques. ( 2) Vulnerable plaques are not the only culprit factors for the development of acute coronary syndromes, myocardial infarction, and sudden cardiac death. Vulnerable blood ( prone to thrombosis) and vulnerable myocardium ( prone to fatal arrhythmia) play an important role in the outcome. Therefore, the term "vulnerable patient" may be more appropriate and is proposed now for the identification of subjects with high likelihood of developing cardiac events in the near future. ( 3) A quantitative method for cumulative risk assessment of vulnerable patients needs to be developed that may include variables based on plaque, blood, and myocardial vulnerability. In Part I of this consensus document, we cover the new definition of vulnerable plaque and its relationship with vulnerable patients. Part II of this consensus document will focus on vulnerable blood and vulnerable myocardium and provide an outline of overall risk assessment of vulnerable patients. Parts I and II are meant to provide a general consensus and overviews the new field of vulnerable patient. Recently developed assays (eg, C-reactive protein), imaging techniques ( eg, CT and MRI), noninvasive electrophysiological tests ( for vulnerable myocardium), and emerging catheters ( to localize and characterize vulnerable plaque) in combination with future genomic and proteomic techniques will guide us in the search for vulnerable patients. It will also lead to the development and deployment of new therapies and ultimately to reduce the incidence of acute coronary syndromes and sudden cardiac death. We encourage healthcare policy makers to promote translational research for screening and treatment of vulnerable patients.
Prognostic capabilities of coronary computed tomographic angiography before non-cardiac surgery: prospective cohort study; OBJECTIVES To determine if coronary computed tomographic angiography enhances prediction of perioperative risk in patients before non-cardiac surgery and to assess the preoperative coronary anatomy in patients who experience a myocardial infarction after non-cardiac surgery. DESIGN Prospective cohort study. SETTING 12 centers in eight countries. PARTICIPANTS 955 patients with, or at risk of, atherosclerotic disease who underwent non-cardiac surgery. INTERVENTIONS Coronary computed tomographic angiography was performed preoperatively; clinicians were blinded to the results unless left main disease was suspected. Results were classified as normal, non-obstructive (<50% stenosis), obstructive (one or two vessels with >= 50% stenosis), or extensive obstructive (>= 50% stenosis in two vessels including the proximal left anterior descending artery, three vessels, or left main). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE Composite of cardiovascular death and non-fatal myocardial infarction within 30 days after surgery (primary outcome). This was the dependent variable in Cox regression. The independent variables were scores on the revised cardiac risk index and findings on coronary computed tomographic angiography. RESULTS The primary outcome occurred in 74 patients (8%). The model that included both scores on the revised cardiac risk index and findings on coronary computed tomographic angiography showed that coronary computed tomographic angiography provided independent prognostic information (P=0.014; C index=0.66). The adjusted hazard ratios were 1.51 (95% confidence interval 0.45 to 5.10) for non-obstructive disease; 2.05 (0.62 to 6.74) for obstructive disease; and 3.76 (1.12 to 12.62) for extensive obstructive disease. For the model with coronary computed tomographic angiography compared with the model based on the revised cardiac risk index alone, with 30 day risk categories of <5%, 5-15%, and >15% for the primary outcome, the results of risk reclassification indicate that in a sample of 1000 patients that coronary computed tomographic angiography would have resulted appropriately in 17 net patients receiving a higher risk estimation among the 77 patients who would have experienced the primary outcome (P<0.001). Coronary computed tomographic angiography, however, would have resulted inappropriately in 98 net patients receiving a higher risk estimation, among the 923 patients who would not have experienced the primary outcome (P<0.001). Among patients who had a perioperative myocardial infarction, preoperative coronary anatomy showed extensive obstructive disease in 31% (22/71), obstructive disease in 41% (29/71), non-obstructive disease in 24% (17/71), and normal findings in 4% (3/71). CONCLUSIONS Though findings on coronary computed tomographic angiography can improve estimation of risk for patients who will experience perioperative cardiovascular death or myocardial infarction, findings are more than five times as likely to lead to an inappropriate overestimation of risk among patients who will not experience these outcomes. Perioperative myocardial infarction occurs across the spectrum of coronary artery disease, suggesting that there could be several pathophysiologic mechanisms.
Use and effectiveness of intravenous heparin therapy for treatment of acute myocardial infarction in the elderly; Objectives. We sought to determine the use and association with 30 day mortality of intravenous heparin for the treatment of acute myocardial infarction in elderly patients not treated with a reperfusion strategy and without contraindications to anticoagulation. Background. The benefit of using full dose intravenous heparin for the treatment of acute myocardial infarction in the elderly is not known. Methods. We conducted a retrospective cohort study using hospital medical records of all Medicare beneficiaries admitted to the hospital with an acute myocardial infarction in Alabama, Connecticut, Iowa and Wisconsin from June 1992 through February 1993. Results. Among the 6,935 patients greater than or equal to 65 years old who had no absolute chart-documented contraindications to heparin, 3,227 (47%) received early full-dose intravenous heparin therapy, After adjustment for baseline differences in demographic, clinical and treatment factors between patients with and without heparin, the use of heparin (odds ratio 1.02, 95% confidence interval 0.87 to 1.18) was not associated with a significantly better 30-day mortality rate. Conclusions. Although intravenous heparin was commonly used for treatment of acute myocardial infarction in the elderly, it was not associated with an improved 30-day mortality rate. Although the findings of this observational study must be interpreted with care, they lead us to question whether the prevalent use of intravenous heparin has therapeutic effectiveness in this population. (C)1998 by the American College of Cardiology.
Cadmium Exposure and Incident Cardiovascular Disease; Background: Cadmium is a widespread toxic metal with potential cardiovascular effects, but no studies have evaluated cadmium and incident cardiovascular disease. We evaluated the association of urine cadmium concentration with cardiovascular disease incidence and mortality in a large population-based cohort. Methods: We conducted a prospective cohort study of 3348 American Indian adults 45-74 years of age from Arizona, Oklahoma, and North and South Dakota, who participated in the Strong Heart Study in 1989-1991. Urine cadmium was measured using inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry. Follow-up extended through 31 December 2008. Results: The geometric mean cadmium level in the study population was 0.94 mu g/g (95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.92-0.96). We identified 1084 cardiovascular events, including 400 deaths. After adjustment for sociodemographic and cardiovascular risk factors, the hazard ratios (HRs) (comparing the 80th to the 20th percentile of urine cadmium concentrations) was 1.43 for cardiovascular mortality (95% CI = 1.21-1.70) and 1.34 for coronary heart disease mortality (1.10-1.63). The corresponding HRs for incident cardiovascular disease, coronary heart disease, stroke, and heart failure were 1.24 (1.11-1.38), 1.22 (1.08-1.38), 1.75 (1.17-2.59), and 1.39 (1.01-1.94), respectively. The associations were similar in most study subgroups, including never-smokers. Conclusions: Urine cadmium, a biomarker of long-term exposure, was associated with increased cardiovascular mortality and increased incidence of cardiovascular disease. These findings support that cadmium exposure is a cardiovascular risk factor. (Epidemiology 2013; 24: 421-429)
Factors associated with failure to identify the culprit artery by the electrocardiogram in inferior ST-elevation myocardial infarction; Background: Right and left circumflex coronary artery occlusions cause inferior myocardial infarction. To improve the targeting of diagnostic and therapeutic measures individually, factors interfering with identification of the culprit artery by the electrocardiogram (ECG) were explored. Methods: Patients with inferior preinfarction syndrome (n = 266) were included to the Danish Trial in Acute Myocardial Infarction-2 substudy. The culprit vessel was predicted by the ECG, and findings were correlated with angiography. Factors associated with false identification of the culprit artery by the ECG were examined. Results: Electrocardiogram criteria for right coronary artery occlusion to predict coronary angiography findings had sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values of 95%, 52%, 84%, and 81%. For left circumflex coronary artery occlusion, the corresponding values were 51%, 93%, 70%, and 85%, respectively. False ECG identification of the culprit artery was independently associated with left coronary dominance (P < .001; odds ratio [OR], 22.0; 95% confidence interval [CI], 7.2-67.0), multivessel disease (P = .035; OR, 2.2; 95% Cl, 1.1-4.7), and absence of proximal occlusion pattern in the ECG (P = .003; OR, 4.0; 95% CI, 1.6-9.8). Conclusions: Left coronary artery dominance, multivessel disease, and absence of ECG signs of proximal culprit lesion are associated with failure to predict the culprit artery of inferior myocardial infarction by the 12-lead ECG. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Evaluation of Relationship between ABO Blood Groups and Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Patients with Acute Myocardial Infarction in Durres Population; Introduction: Cardiovascular (CV) diseases are the most important causes of morbidity and mortality in many developing and developed countries. An association between ABO blood groups (BGs) and the risk of coronary artery disease (CAD) has been known for many years, although there have not been enough surveys to prove it. However, it is not yet known how significant the association between the ABO BGs and CAD is in the clinical practice. Aim: The aim was to investigate a possible association of ABO (BGs) and CV risk factors among the patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) in Durres population. Materials and Methods: This transversal prospective study included 239 patients with AMI admitted to in the Cardiology Department, Regional Hospital of Durres, Albania between January 2012 and August 2013. In patients with AMI were collected data on risk factors such as smoking, age, gender, hypertension (HTN) and blood lipids, diabetes, obesity, family history and previous myocardial infarction(MI). Participants provided blood samples for cholesterol, glucose (fasting blood sugar) and BGs. Standard 12-lead electrocardiograms were obtained immediately after admission. The location and complication of AMI were assessed. Data was analyzed on SPSS version 16 and a P < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: In the present study of 239 patients, 32.6% (78) had BG O, 38,1% (91) had BG A, 17.2%(41) had BG B and 12.1%(29) had BG AB. Of the total of 239, 52,3% (125) were smoker, 66,9% (160) were hypertensive, 51.4% (123) were obese, 30.5% (73) had diabetes mellitus (DM), 71,1% (170) had high serum cholesterol level, 37.6% (90) had positive family history and mean age was 66.1 +/- 21 years. In individuals the incidence of AMI was higher in those with BG A than in those with other BG P 0.001. AMI was less frequent in BG AB. The frequency of CV risk factors was similar in patients with different BGs. However, the patients with BG A had a higher incidence of high serum cholesterol level, diabetes and HTN than those with the other BGs but not a statistically significant difference P > 0.05. There were no significant differences between BGs in location of AMI. No significant differences were found between BGs and complications in acute myocardial infarction. Conclusions: Blood group A is related to the higher incidence of AMI, high serum cholesterol level, HTN and DM, while the results did not provide convincing evidence that any BGs were strongly associated with HTN, diabetes and location of MI. Association of ABO BGs distribution with CV risk factors, CAD and MI needs to be clarified with multicenter, prospective and large-scale studies.
Lipoprotein(a) and the Apolipoprotein B/A1 Ratio Independently Associate With Surgery for Aortic Stenosis Only in Patients With Concomitant Coronary Artery Disease; Background-Aortic stenosis (AS) has different clinical phenotypes, including AS with or without concomitant coronary artery disease (CAD). It is unknown whether these phenotypes share the same risk factors. In particular, lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] and apolipoproteins (Apo) are associated with AS, but it is unknown whether these associations differ among phenotypes. In this prospective analysis we examined the impact of Lp(a) and Apo in subgroups of patients with AS. Methods and Results-We identified 336 patients (mean age at survey 56.7 years, 48% female) who underwent surgery for AS after a median 10.9 years (interquartile range 9.3 years), participants in 1 of 3 large population surveys. For each patient, 2 matched referents were allocated. Lp(a) and Apo were analyzed in the baseline samples. Uni- and multivariable logistic regression analyses were used to estimate risks related to a 1 (ln) standard deviation increase in Lp(a) and the ratio of Apo B to Apo A1 (Apo B/A1 ratio). High levels of Lp(a) predicted surgery for AS in 203 patients with concomitant CAD (odds ratio [95% confidence intervals]) (1.29 [1.07-1.55]), but not in 132 patients without CAD (1.04 [0.83-1.29]) in the fully adjusted model. Similarly, a high Apo B/A1 ratio predicted surgery in patients with concomitant CAD (1.43 [1.16-1.76]) but not in those without CAD (0.87 [0.691.10]). Conclusions-High levels of Lp(a) and a high Apo B/ A1 ratio were associated with surgery for AS in patients with concomitant CAD but not in those with isolated AS. This finding may lead to a new avenue of research for targeted risk factor interventions in this population.
Characteristics of falls producing hip fracture in patients on oral anticoagulants; Objective: To analyze the demographic and clinical characteristics of patients on chronic anticoagulant therapy (CAT) admitted because of a hip fracture secondary to a fall, and to compare with patients not receiving CAT. Methods: A prospective, observational study realized in six hospitals in the Barcelona area. Demographic and clinical characteristics of patients were collected. The index fall characteristics - cause, height, location, and time of occurrence - were evaluated. Results: Of the 1225 patients included, 99 (8%) patients were on CAT. When we compare with the rest logistic regression analysis showed that patients receiving CAT were more likely to be male (odds ratio 3.7), not institutionalized (odds ratio 3.5), to take more number of drugs (odds ratio 1.3), to have dementia (odds ratio 2.1) and stroke (odds ratio 1.7). Results revealed a higher prevalence of combined factors as the cause of the index fall in the group of patients on anticoagulants. Conclusions: Characteristics of falls were very similar when comparing the group of patients receiving CAT with those who did not. A prior history of falls should lead physicians to take actions for preventing falls causing hip fracture, in all patients and particularly in these on CAT.
Myocardial ischemia correlates with reduced fibrinolytic activity following peripheral vascular surgery; Study Objectives: To evaluate the relationship between perioperative ischemia and serial concentrations of D-dimer, which is a sensitive and specific marker of fibrinolytic activity. Myocardial ischemia and infarction are well-recognized complications of peripheral vascular surgery. We hypothesized that patients at increased risk of perioperative myocardial ischemia might be identified preoperatively by abnormal hemostatic indices. Design: Prospective clinical outcomes study. Setting: A 1,124-bed tertiary care medical center: Patients: 42 ASA physical status II, III, and IV patients undergoing peripheral vascular surgery. Interventions: Serial D-dimer concentrations were measured preoperatively, and at 24 and 72 hours postoperatively. Continuous 12-lead ST-segment monitoring (Mortara Instrument, Inc., Milwaukee, WI) was performed with the acquisition of a 12-lead ECG every 20 seconds for 72 hours. Measurements and Main Results: D-dimer measurements were performed in duplicate using the Dimer Cold assay (American Diagnostica, Greenwich CT). Ischemic episodes, as defined by continuous 12-lead ST-segment monitoring, occurred in 49% of patients. There were no demographic differences between ischemic and nonischemic groups. Although baseline D-dimer concentrations were not statistically significantly different between groups, patients experiencing perioperative myocardial ischemia generated significantly less D-dimer during the perioperative period (p = 0.014). Conclusions: Patients with an impaired fibrinolytic response, as defined by reduced generation of D-dimer, experienced an increased incidence of perioperative myocardial ischemia. (C) 2000 by Elsevier Science Inc.
Comparative effectiveness of novel oral anticoagulants for atrial fibrillation: evidence from pair-wise and warfarin-controlled network meta-analyses; Introduction: Novel oral anticoagulants have been tested against warfarin for atrial fibrillation, yet no direct comparison is available. We thus aimed to perform pair-wise (direct) and warfarin-adjusted network (i.e. indirect) meta-analyses of novel oral anticoagulants for atrial fibrillation. Methods: Databases were searched for randomized warfarin-controlled trials of novel anticoagulants for non valvular atrial fibrillation. The primary end-point was long-term stroke/systemic embolism. Odds ratios (95% intervals) were computed with RevMan and WinBUGS. Results: Seven trials (52701 patients) were included, focusing on apixaban, dabigatran, edoxaban and rivaroxaban. Pair-wise meta-analysis showed that after a weighted average of 23 months these novel anticoagulants lead to significant reductions in the risk of stroke/systemic embolism (odds ratio = 0.81 [0.71-0.92], I2 = 23%) and all cause death (odds ratio = 0.88 [0.82-0.95], I2 = 0%) in comparison to warfarin. Network meta-analysis showed that apixaban and dabigatran proved similarly superior to warfarin in preventing stroke/systemic em bolism (odds ratio = 0.78 [0.62-0.96] for apixaban vs warfarin; odds ratio = 0.66 [0.52-0.84] for high-dose dabigatran vs warfarin; odds ratio for apixaban vs high-dose dabigatran = 1.17 [0.85-1.63]), but apixaban was associated with fewer major bleedings (odds ratio = 0.73 [0.57-0.93]) and drug discontinuations (odds ratio = 0.64 [0.52-0.78]) than dabigatran. Rivaroxaban did not reduce stroke/systemic embolism (odds ratio = 0.87 [0.711.07]) or major bleedings in comparison to warfarin (odds ratio = 0.87 [0.71-1.07]) and was associated with more major bleedings in comparison to apixaban (odds ratio = 1.52 [1.19-1.92]). Data for edoxaban were in conclusive. Conclusions: Novel oral anticoagulants appear as a very promising treatment option for atrial fibrillation.
High long-chain n-3 fatty acid intake attenuates the effect of high resting heart rate on cardiovascular mortality risk: A 24-year follow-up of Japanese general population; Background: Increased resting heart rate (RHR) independently predicts cardiovascular mortality. Meanwhile, long-chain n-3 fatty acids (LCn3FAs) have a cardioprotective effect. Our aim was to evaluate whether higher LCn3FAs intake attenuates the elevated risk of cardiovascular mortality associated with increased RHR. Methods: We conducted a population-based 24-year prospective cohort study of Japanese, whose LCn3FAs intake is relatively high. Study participants included 8807 individuals aged 30-95 years from randomly selected areas across Japan without cardiovascular diseases and anti-hypertensive drugs at baseline. The primary endpoint was cardiovascular mortality, and the secondary endpoints were cardiac and stroke mortality during 24 years of follow-up. Individual dietary LCn3FAs intake was estimated from household-based 3-day weighed food records. RHR was obtained from 3 consecutive R-wave intervals on 12-lead electrocardiography. Cox models were used to estimate the multivariable hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) adjusting for possible confounders. Results: During the follow-up period, 617 cardiovascular deaths were observed. The median daily intake of LCn3FAs was 0.37% kcal (0.86 g/day). The interaction between dietary LCn3FAs intake and RHR in the risk of cardiovascular mortality was statistically significant (p = 0.033). The risk of cardiovascular mortality was significantly higher in the low-intake group (<0.37% kcal) with an RHR >85 beats/min (bpm) [hazard ratio (HR), 1.67; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.15-2.43], but not in the high-intake group (>= 0.37% kcal) with an RHR >85 bpm (HR, 0.92; 95% CI, 0.61-1.38), compared with those in the high-intake group with an RHR <70 bpm. Similar results were observed with stroke mortality, but not with cardiac mortality. Conclusions: The risk of cardiovascular mortality associated with increased RHR is elevated in participants with low dietary LCn3FAs intake, but not in participants with high dietary LCn3FAs intake in a representative Japanese general population. These results suggest that high dietary LCn3FAs intake may prevent cardiovascular mortality associated with increased RHR. (C) 2014 Japanese College of Cardiology. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Clinical characteristics and prognosis of acute myocardial infarction in young smokers and non-smokers (≤ 45 years): a systematic review and meta-analysis; The effect of smoking on the prognosis of young patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) is inconclusive. We enrolled 2188 young AMI patients (<= 45 years) from the cardiac center of the Chinese PLA General Hospital and Anzhen Hospital and analyzed their clinical characteristics and prognosis. We also searched the PubMed, EMBASE, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials electronic databases for January 2001 to March 2017 and considered for inclusion in a meta-analysis those clinical trials that compared prognoses of young smokers and non-smokers with AMI. The proportion of males and alcohol users was higher in young AMI smokers than in non-smokers; the proportion of hypertension was slightly lower. There was no difference in medical treatment between smokers and non-smokers. No differences were evident between smokers and non-smokers regarding in-hospital cardiac events and major adverse cardiovascular events on follow-up, including incidence of stroke. For young AMI patients, smoking did not lead to poorer prognosisin comparison with not smoking. This "smoker's paradox" needs to be confirmed by more randomized controlled multicenter prospective clinical trials.
Treatment variation in stent choice in patients with stable or unstable coronary artery disease; Aim Variations in treatment are the result of differences in demographic and clinical factors (e.g. anatomy), but physician and hospital factors may also contribute to treatment variation. The choice of treatment is considered important since it could lead to differences in long-term outcomes. This study explores the associations with stent choice: i.e. drug-eluting stent (DES) versus bare-metal stents (BMS) for Dutch patients diagnosed with stable or unstable coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods & results Associations with treatment decisions were based on a prospective cohort of 692 patients with stable or unstable CAD. Of those patients, 442 patients were treated with BMS or DES. Multiple logistic regression analyses were performed to identify variables associated with stent choice. Bivariate analyses showed that NYHA class, number of diseased vessels, previous percutaneous coronary intervention, smoking, diabetes, and the treating hospital were associated with stent type. After correcting for other associations the treating hospital remained significantly associated with stent type in the stable CAD population. Conclusions This study showed that several factors were associated with stent choice. While patients generally appear to receive the most optimal stent given their clinical characteristics, stent choice seems partially determined by the treating hospital, which may lead to differences in long-term outcomes.
Mercury, fish oils, and risk of acute coronary events and cardiovascular disease, coronary heart disease, and all-cause mortality in men in eastern Finland; Mercury has been suggested to have negative effects on cardiovascular health. We investigated the effects of high mercury content in hair on the risk of acute coronary events and cardiovascular and all-cause mortality in men from eastern Finland. Methods and Results - The population-based prospective Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study (KIHD) cohort of 1871 Finnish men aged 42 to 60 years and free of previous coronary heart disease (CHD) or stroke at baseline was used. During an average follow-up time of 13.9 years, 282 acute coronary events and 132 cardiovascular disease (CVD), 91 CHD, and 525 all-cause deaths occurred. Men in the highest third of hair mercury content (>2.03 mug/g) had an adjusted 1.60-fold (95% CI, 1.24 to 2.06) risk of acute coronary event, 1.68-fold (95% CI, 1.15 to 2.44) risk of CVD, 1.56-fold (95% CI, 0.99 to 2.46) risk of CHD, and 1.38-fold (95% CI, 1.15 to 1.66) risk of any death compared with men in the lower two thirds. High mercury content in hair also attenuated the protective effects of high-serum docosahexaenoic acid plus docosapentaenoic acid concentration. Conclusions - High content of mercury in hair may be a risk factor for acute coronary events and CVD, CHD, and all-cause mortality in middle-aged eastern Finnish men. Mercury may also attenuate the protective effects of fish on cardiovascular health.
Electrocardiogram abnormalities predict angiographic coronary artery disease in women with chest pain: Results from the NHLBI WISE study; Background and hypothesis: Noninvasive risk stratification for coronary artery disease (CAD) is less accurate in women than in men. Based on recent reports that gender-specific exercise electrocardiogram (ECG) parameters predict CAD, we evaluated the independent predictive value of the resting ECG for angiographic CAD in women with chest pain. Methods: Women (n = 850, mean age 58 years) with chest pain in the NHLBI Women's Ischemia Syndrome Evaluation (WISE) underwent 12-lead ECG testing and quantitative coronary angiography. Results: Significant angiographic CAD (greater than or equal to50% stenosis in greater than or equal to 1 coronary) was present in 39% of women. Q waves in greater than or equal to2 contiguous ECG leads were present in 107 women (13%), including 49 of 657 (7%) without history of infarction. Among 585 women without prior infarction or revascularization, 48% of those with Q waves in contiguous leads versus 26% of others, had significant CAD (p = 0.003; odds ratio [OR] = 2.5, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.3-4.8). Women with Q waves in greater than or equal to2 inferior ECG leads were particularly likely to have CAD (63 vs. 26% of others, p < 0.001; OR = 4.6,95% CI = 2.0-10.8). Other ECG findings predictive of CAD were any ST-T abnormality (OR =1.9, 95% CI =1.3-2.8) and T-wave inversion (OR = 2.4,95% CI =1.3-4.2). In risk-adjusted analysis, inferior Q waves and T-wave inversion independently predicted significant CAD. When considered together with radionuclide perfusion test results, T-wave inversion on resting ECG added significant independent predictive value (OR = 2.8, 95% CI =1.1-7.2, p = 0.03). Conclusions: Selected resting ECG parameters independently predict angiographic CAD in women with chest pain, including women who have also undergone radionuclide stress testing. Prospective studies should consider resting ECG parameters in diagnostic algorithms for CAD in women.
MRI Findings May Predict Early Neurologic Deterioration in Acute Minor Stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack due to Intracranial Atherosclerosis; Background: Patients with intracranial atherosclerosis (ICAS) are at high risk of early recurrence or neurologic deterioration. Although minor stroke and transient ischemic attack (TIA) seem benign, their occurrence in patients with ICAS may lead to early neurological deterioration (END). We aimed to identify factors associated with END in ICAS patients presenting with acute minor stroke or TIA, with a focus on early MRI findings. Methods: This was a retrospective analysis of consecutive patients with acute minor stroke or TIA admitted within 12 h of symptom onset. Patients with moderate-severe stenosis of the middle cerebral artery or basilar artery (BA) were included. All patients underwent MRI, including diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI), and magnetic resonance angiography. DWI lesion patterns were classified as perforating artery infarcts, pial infarcts, territorial infarcts and border zone infarcts (BIs). END was diagnosed as an increase of 6 4 points on the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale from baseline during the 1st week. Results: Of the 95 patients enrolled in the study, 14 (14.7%) developed END. Independent predictors of END were the presence of BIs on baseline DWI (odds ratio, OR, 7.21; 95% confidential interval, CI, 1.88-27.66; p = 0.004) and BA disease (OR, 4.33; 95% CI, 1.11-16.92; p = 0.035). Conclusions: ICAS patients with BI and BA disease are at high risk of END after minor stroke or TIA. Early radiological findings may be helpful in predicting END and guiding early treatment strategies. Copyright (C) 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel
ASSESSING THE DIAGNOSTIC-VALUE OF AN ECG CONTAINING LEAD-V(4R), LEAD-V(8), AND LEAD-V(9) - THE 15-LEAD ECG; Study objectives: To assess sensitivity, specificity, and odds ratios of ECG findings on leads V4R, V8, and V9 for acute myocardial infarction. Design: Prospective, two-stage cohort study. Setting: A 660-bed university-affiliated community hospital. Type of participants: One hundred forty-nine admitted patients with suspected myocardial infarction or unstable angina. Interventions: Standard 12-lead ECG followed immediately by V4R, V8, and V9. Measurements: Initial ECG findings of ST-segment displacement, Q waves, T-wave inversion, and eligibility for thrombolytic therapy. Results: Major abnormalities (ST-segment deviation, T-wave inversion, Q waves) were found on the extra three leads in 28.9% (43 of 149) of patients. Sensitivity of ST-segment elevation for acute myocardial infarction on 12 versus 15 leads increased from 47.1 % to 58.8%, respectively, with no decrease in specificity. McNemar's pair-matched analysis for ST-segment elevation on myocardial infarction subgroup showed an association of ST elevation with the 15-lead ECG (P<.05). An eightfold increase in the odds of detecting ST elevation was found (90% confidence interval, 1.42 to 14.58); 22% of patients negative for ST elevation on 12 leads were positive on 15 leads. Analysis of ECG criteria for thrombolytic therapy presenting uniquely on extra leads showed an increased sensitivity from 35.3% to 44.1% on 12 versus 15 leads, respectively; there was a sixfold increase in the odds of meeting ECG thrombolytic therapy criteria (90% confidence interval, 0.34 to 11.66); 13.5% of patients not meeting criteria on 12 leads did so on 15 leads. Conclusion: The 15-lead ECG provides increased sensitivity and odds of detecting ST-segment elevation in acute myocardial infarction patients with no loss of specificity; its use may expand the selection of thrombolytic therapy candidates and provide a fuller ECG description of the extent of myocardial injury and necrosis.
Determinants of invasive strategy in elderly patients with non-ST elevation myocardial infarction; Background Knowledge gaps across literature prevent current guidelines from providing the profile of elderly patients most likely to derive benefit from invasive strategy (IS) in non ST-elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI). Furthermore, the benefit of IS in a real-world elderly population with NSTEMI remains unclear. The aims of this study were to determine factors that lead the cardiologist to opt for an IS in elderly patients with NSTEMI, and to assess the impact of IS on the 6-month all-cause mortality. Methods This multicenter prospective study enrolled all consecutive patients aged >= 75 years old who presented a NSTEMI and were hospitalized in cardiology intensive care unit between February 2014 and February 2015. Patients were compared on the basis of reperfusion strategy (invasive or conservative) and living status at six months, in order to determine multivariate predictors of the realization of an IS and multivariate predictors of 6-month mortality. Results A total of 141 patients were included; 87 (62%) underwent an IS. The strongest independent determinants of IS were younger age [odds ratio (OR): 0.85, 95%-confidence interval (CI): 0.78. 0.92; P < 0.001) and lower "Cumulative Illness Rating Scale-Geriatric" number of categories score (OR: 0.83, 95% CI: 0.73-0.95; P = 0.002). IS was not significantly associated with 6-month survival (OR: 0.80, 95% CI: 0.27-2.38; P = 0.69). Conclusions In real-world elderly patients with NSTEMI, younger patients with fewer comorbidities profited more often from an IS. However, IS did not modify 6-month all-cause mortality.
Brazilian Longitudinal Study of Adult Health (ELSA-Brasil): Objectives and Design; Although low- and middle-income countries still bear the burden of major infectious diseases, chronic noncommunicable diseases are becoming increasingly common due to rapid demographic, epidemiologic, and nutritional transitions. However, information is generally scant in these countries regarding chronic disease incidence, social determinants, and risk factors. The Brazilian Longitudinal Study of Adult Health (ELSA-Brasil) aims to contribute relevant information with respect to the development and progression of clinical and subclinical chronic diseases, particularly cardiovascular diseases and diabetes. In this report, the authors delineate the study's objectives, principal methodological features, and timeline. At baseline, ELSA-Brasil enrolled 15,105 civil servants from 5 universities and 1 research institute. The baseline examination (2008-2010) included detailed interviews, clinical and anthropometric examinations, an oral glucose tolerance test, overnight urine collection, a 12-lead resting electrocardiogram, measurement of carotid intima-media thickness, echocardiography, measurement of pulse wave velocity, hepatic ultrasonography, retinal fundus photography, and an analysis of heart rate variability. Long-term biologic sample storage will allow investigation of biomarkers that may predict cardiovascular diseases and diabetes. Annual telephone surveillance, initiated in 2009, will continue for the duration of the study. A follow-up examination is scheduled for 2012-2013.
Impact of Cell Therapy on Myocardial Perfusion and Cardiovascular Outcomes in Patients With Angina Refractory to Medical Therapy A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Rationale: The effect of stem/progenitor cells on myocardial perfusion and clinical outcomes in patients with refractory angina remains unclear because studies published to date have been small phase I-II trials. Objective: We performed a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials to evaluate the effect of cell-based therapy in patients with refractory angina who were ineligible for coronary revascularization. Methods and Results: Several data sources were searched from inception to September 2015, which yielded 6 studies. The outcomes pooled were indices of angina (anginal episodes, Canadian Cardiovascular Society angina class, exercise tolerance, and antianginal medications), myocardial perfusion, and clinical end points. We combined the reported clinical outcomes (myocardial infarction, cardiac-related hospitalization, and mortality) into a composite end point (major adverse cardiac events). Mean difference (MD), standardized mean differences, or odds ratio were calculated to assess relevant outcomes. Our analysis shows an improvement in anginal episodes (MD, -7.81; 95% confidence interval [CI], -15.22 to -0.41), use of antianginal medications (standardized MD, -0.59; 95% CI, -1.03 to -0.14), Canadian Cardiovascular Society class (MD, -0.58; 95% CI, -1.00 to -0.16), exercise tolerance (standardized MD, 0.331; 95% CI, 0.08 to 0.55), and myocardial perfusion (standardized MD, -0.49; 95% CI, -0.76 to -0.21) and a decreased risk of major adverse cardiac events (odds ratio, 0.49; 95% CI, 0.25 to 0.98) and arrhythmias (odds ratio, 0.25; 95% CI, 0.06 to 0.98) in cell-treated patients when compared with patients on maximal medical therapy. Conclusions: The present meta-analysis indicates that cell-based therapies are not only safe but also lead to an improvement in indices of angina, relevant clinical outcomes, and myocardial perfusion in patients with refractory angina. These encouraging results suggest that larger, phase III randomized controlled trials are in order to conclusively determine the effect of stem/progenitor cells in refractory angina.
Angiographic assessment of prospectively determined non-invasive reperfusion indices in acute myocardial infarction; Objective-To investigate the value of non-invasive reperfusion indices in acute myocardial infarction, avoiding the possible need for acute coronary angiography and subsequent angioplasty. Design-In a prospective angiographic study, seven potential ECG or clinical markers of reperfusion were analysed in 230 patients with acute myocardial infarction. In all patients two 12 lead ECGs were used: the ECG on admission and the ECG immediately before coronary angiography. Non-invasive markers of reperfusion determined just before coronary angiography were prospectively correlated to thrombolysis in myocardial infarction (TIMI) flow. Data analysis correlated these non-invasive indices with coronary flow (analysis A: TIMI 2-3 v TIMI 0-1 flow; analysis B: TIMI 3 v TIMI 0-2 flow). Results-A sudden decrease in chest pain was the most common sign of reperfusion (36%), followed by reduction in ST segment elevation by greater than or equal to 50% (30%), and the development of a terminal negative T wave (20%) in the lead with the highest ST segment elevation. Reduction in ST segment elevation by greater than or equal to 50% and the appearance of an accelerated idioventricular rhythm (AIVR) had the highest positive predictive value for reperfusion. For analyses A and B, the positive predictive values were 85% and 66% fur resolution of ST segment elevation, and 94% and 59% for AIVR, respectively. The presence of three or more non-invasive markers of reperfusion predicted TIMI 3 flow accurately in 80% of cases. Conclusions-The prospective use of non-invasive indices of reperfusion is simple, practical, and can be of value in assessing coronary patency in patients admitted with acute myocardial infarction. Using these indices, discrimination between TIMI 0-1 anal TIMI 2-3 flow can be made with good accuracy. However, TIMI 3 flow cannot be determined reliably. The use of such non-invasive indices depends on the goal of reperfusion.
Relationship between late potentials and the predischarge electrocardiographic pattern in patients with acute anterior wall myocardial infarction; Hypothesis: The presence of late potentials on the signal-averaged electrocardiogram (SAECG) identifies patients at high risk for development of ventricular tachyarrhythmias after myocardial infarction (MI). Methods: The electrocardiogram and left ventricular function in 65 patients recovering from a first acute anterior wall MI were analyzed. We compared the pattern of the ST segment (isoelectric or elevated) and of the T wave (positive or negative) with the SAECG using an orthogonal bipolar lead configuration (X, Y, Z) with bidirectional Butterworth filtering (Simson's method). Results: Abnormal SAECG was found in 17 (26%) patients; 11 of 18 patients with ST elevation had abnormal SAECG, and only 6 of 47 patients with isoelectric ST segment developed abnormal SAECG (p<0.0001, odds ratio = 10.74). Of 19 patients with positive T waves, 10 had abnormal SAECG, and abnormal SAECG was found in 7 of 46 patients with negative T waves (p<0.003, odds ratio = 5.27). When both parameters were considered together, 9 of 12 patients with ST elevation and positive T wave developed abnormal SAECG, and 35 of 40 patients with isoelectric ST and negative T wave had normal SAECG (p<0.0002). Left ventricular ejection fraction was similar in patients with abnormal SAECG (43 +/- 14%) and normal SAECG (46 +/- 11%). Conclusion: These findings suggest that patients with anterior wall MI and a predischarge pattern of ST elevation and positive T wave have a higher incidence of abnormal SAECG and therefore may have a worse prognosis, especially related to the subsequent development of ventricular arrhythmias.
Periodic limb movements during sleep: a new sleep-related cardiovascular risk factor?; In recent years, a growing body of evidence suggests that periodic limb movements during sleep (PLMS) are associated with hypertension, cardiovascular, and cerebrovascular risk. However, several non-mutually exclusive mechanisms may determine a higher cardiovascular risk in patients with PLMS and the link between the two remains controversial. Prospective data are scant and the temporal relationship between PLMS and acute vascular events is difficult to ascertain because although PLMS may lead to acute vascular events such as stroke, stroke may also give rise to PLMS. This article describes the clinical and polygraphic features of PLMS and examines the literature evidence linking PLMS with an increased risk for the development and progression of cardiovascular diseases, discussing the possible pathways of this association.
Plasma leptin levels are associated with coronary atherosclerosis in type 2 diabetes; Leptin signaling may promote atherothrombosis and lead to cardiovascular disease. However, whether leptin is associated with human atherosclerosis, distinct from thrombosis, is unknown. We determined the association of plasma leptin levels with coronary artery calcification (CAC), a measure of coronary atherosclerosis, in a cross-sectional study of type 2 diabetes. Leptin levels were associated with CAC after adjusting for established risk factors [odds ratio (95% confidence interval) for 5 ng/ml leptin increase: 1.31 (1.10-1.55); P = 0.002]. Leptin remained associated with CAC after further controlling for body mass index (BMI) [1.29 (1.07-1.55); P = 0.008], waist circumference [1.30 (1.09-1.57); P = 0.003], C-reactive protein (CRP) levels [1.28 (1.07-1.55); P = 0.008], and subclinical vascular disease [1.30 (1.08-1.57); P = 0.006]. Addition of BMI (P = 0.97), waist (P = 0.55), or CRP (P = 0.39) to a model with leptin failed to improve the model's explanatory power, whereas addition of leptin to a model with BMI (P = 0.029), waist (P = 0.006), or CRP (P = 0.005) improved the model significantly. Plasma leptin levels were associated with CAC in type 2 diabetes after controlling adiposity and CRP. Whether leptin signaling promotes atherosclerosis directly or represents a therapeutic target for the prevention of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease remains to be explored.
Vitamin C deficiency and risk of myocardial infarction: Prospective population study of men from eastern Finland; Objective: To examine the association between plasma vitamin C concentrations and the risk of acute myocardial infarction. Design: Prospective population study. Setting: Eastern Finland, Subjects: 1605 randomly selected men aged 42, 48, 54, or 60 who did not have either symptomatic coronary heart disease or ischaemia on exercise testing at entry to the Kuopio ischaemic heart disease risk factor study in between 1984 and 1989. Main outcome measures: Number of acute myocardial infarctions; fasting plasma vitamin C concentrations at baseline. Results: 70 of the men had a fatal or non-fatal myocardial infarction between March 1984 and December 1992. 91 men had vitamin C deficiency (plasma ascorbate <11.4 mu mol/l, or 2.0 mg/l), of whom 12 (13.2%) had a myocardial infarction; 1514 men were not deficient in vitamin C, of whom 58 (3.8%) had a myocardial infarction. In a Cox proportional hazards model adjusted for age, year of examination, and season of the year examined (August to October v rest of the year) men who had vitamin C deficiency had a relative risk of acute myocardial infarction of 3.5 (95% confidence interval 1.8 to 6.7, P = 0.0002) compared with those who were not deficient In another model adjusted additionally for the strongest risk factors for myocardial infarction and for dietary intakes of tea, fibre, carotene, and saturated fats men with a plasma ascorbate concentration <11.4 mu mol/l had a relative risk of 2.5 (1.3 to 5.2, P = 0.0095) compared with men with higher plasma vitamin C concentrations. Conclusion: Vitamin C deficiency, as assessed by low plasma ascorbate concentration, is a risk factor for coronary heart disease.
Scal atrial natriuretic peptide gene polymorphisms and their possible association with postoperative atrial fibrillation - a preliminary report; Introduction: Atrial fibrillation (AF) is a frequently encountered complication after coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG), but its underlying mechanisms are still unclear. The natriuretic peptides have been reported as markers for predicting the occurrence of postoperative AF. This study evaluates whether the Scal ANP gene polymorphisms predict the occurrence of postoperative AF. Material and methods: A prospective study of 203 consecutive patients with coronary artery disease undergoing elective CABG was undertaken for atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) Scal gene polymorphism. Several perioperative data were analysed. Postoperative AF was defined as lasting for at least 15 min, confirmed by 12-lead ECG and occurring within 6 postoperative days. The Scal polymorphism of the ANP gene was determined by polymerase chain reaction (PCR). Size-dependent separation of the PCR products on a polyacrylamide gel was followed by staining with ethidium bromide. Results: The total frequency of AF was 19.7%. The frequencies of Scal ANP gene polymorphisms were as follows: A1A1 4.90%, A1A2 59.60% and A2A2 35.46%. In order to assess the hypothesis that the A2 allele is a marker of increased risk of postoperative atrial fibrillation, the odds ratio (OR) was calculated: A2 vs. non-A2, OR = 0.98 (0.23-4.1), p = 0.97, which was not significant. The odds ratios for A2A2 and A1A1 were not significant either: A2A2 vs. non-A2A2, OR = 1.11 (0.54-2.29), p = 0.76, and A1A1 vs. non-A1A1, OR = 1.17 (0.23-5.92), p = 0.84. Conclusions: ANP genotype did not predispose to the incidence of "new-on-set" AF.
Association between hyperhomocysteinaemia and hypertension in Sri Lankans; This study examined the relationship between homocysteine and its metabolites, and hypertension in a cohort of Sri Lankan patients with essential hypertension, Serum homocysteine, cysteine, cysteinylglycine and glutathione were measured in 86 patients with a diagnosis of essential hypertension and compared with those of an age- and sex-matched control group, Patients with hypertension had significantly higher mean serum concentrations of homocysteine, cysteine and cysteinylglycine, The odds ratio for hypertension for those with a mean serum homocysteine concentration above 18 mu mol/l was 2.8. Hyperhomocysteinaemia is a risk factor for hypertension in Sri Lankans and can lead to a threefold increase in risk.
Combined endurance/resistance training early on, after a first myocardial infarction, does not induce negative left ventricular remodelling; Background Resistance training (RT) is safe and practicable in low-risk populations with coronary artery disease. In patients with left ventricular (LV) dysfunction after an acute ischaemic event, few data exist about the impact of RT on LV remodelling. Methods In this prospective, randomized, controlled study, 38 patients, after a first myocardial infarction and a maximum ejection fraction (EF) of 45%, were assigned either to combined endurance training (ET)/RT (n=17; 15 men; 54.7 +/- 9.4 years and EF: 40.3 +/- 4.5%) or to ET alone (n=21; 17 men; 570 +/- 9.6 years and EF: 41.9 +/- 4.9%) for 12 weeks. ET was effectuated at an intensity of 70-85% of peak heart rate; RT, between 40 and 60% of the one-repetition maximum. LV remodelling was assessed by IVIRI. Results No statistically significant differences between the groups in the changes of end-diastolic volume (P=0.914), LV mass (P=0.885) and EF (P=0.763) were observed. Over 1 year, the end-diastolic volume increased from 206 +/- 41 to 210 +/- 48ml (P=0.379)vs. 183 +/- 44 to 186 +/- 52ml (P=0.586); LV mass from 149 +/- 28 to 155 +/- 31g (P=0.408)vs. 144 +/- 36 to 149 +/- 42g (P=0.227) and EF from 49.1 +/- 12.3 to 49.3 +/- 12.0% (P=0.959) vs. 51.5 +/- 13.1 to 54.1% (P=0.463), in the ET/RT and ET groups, respectively. Peak Vo(2) and muscle strength increased significantly in both groups, but no difference between the groups was noticed. Conclusion RT with an intensity of up to 60% of the one-repetition maximum, after an acute myocardial infarction, does not lead to a more pronounced LV dilatation than ET alone. A combined ET/RT, or ET alone, for 3 months can both increase the peak Vo(2) and muscle strength significantly.
Carotid Artery Stenting Versus Carotid Endarterectomy: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; The aim of this study was to evaluate and investigate the complications of carotid endarterectomy (CEA) and carotid artery stenting (CAS) by performing a meta-analysis based on prospective randomized controlled trials (RCTs). We performed a search of multiple electronic databases for RCTs containing patients with carotid stenosis who underwent CAS or CEA, focusing on studies published during 1995-2008. Eight trials with 2942 patients (1462 with CEA, 1480 with CAS) were analyzed. The pooled relative risk (RR) after CEA for stroke/death 30 days or 1 year was similar to that for CAS. Thirty-day RR = 0.69, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.45-1.07, p = 0.10. One-year RR = 0.88, 95% CI = 0.43-1.79, p = 0.72. The rates of death, disabling stroke, and nondisabling stroke at 30 days did not differ significantly between CEA and CAS in the subgroup analysis. Compared with CEA, the relative risk of disabling stroke/death within 30 days was not significantly less for CAS with embolic protection devices (EPDs). The relative risk of myocardial infarction within 30 days, myocardial infarction within 1 year, and cervical/peripheral nerve injury within 30 days were significantly higher after CEA; the relative risk of bradycardia/hypotension within 30 days and the 1-year restenosis rate were significantly higher after CAS. CAS is equal to CEA with regard to the incidence of stroke/death. These procedures may be considered complementary rather than competing modes of therapy, each of which can be optimized with careful patient selection. CAS with an EPD may be appropriate in certain patients, and in general CAS should be considered cautiously in symptomatic patients.
A prospective study of symptoms during dobutamine stress echocardiography - Implications on diagnostic accuracy; We used a standardized questionnaire to assess physical and mental distress caused by dobutamine stress echocardiography (DSE). The examination was performed according to a standardized protocol (5-40 mu g/kg/min including atropine). 91 patients (pts), 68 men (62 +/- 9 years), 23 women (65 +/- 7 years) were asked to quantify the severity of the following symptoms: palpitations, anxiety, headache, nausea, discomfort of left lateral position, angina pectoris and dyspnea. Numbers on a rating scale from 1-10 defined the degree of distress. Absence of a symptom equalled mark 1, slight expression marks 2-4. Moderate expression was defined by marks 5-7 and very strong expression by marks 8-10. Results: 86% of pts felt affected by one or more symptoms to a slight to moderate extent (mark 4 +/- 2.17). Palpitations were felt by 85% of the pts (mark 6 +/- 2.83), anxiety by 42% (mark 3 +/- 2.5), headache by 50% (3 +/- 2.54), nausea by 20% (2 +/- 1.72), angina pectoris by 42% (3 +/- 2.5), dyspnea by 30% (2 +/- 2.42) and discomfort of left lateral recumbant position by 43% (mark 3 +/- 2.59). 43 pts underwent coronary angiography. The negative predictive value of DSE to identify pts without a coronary artery stenosis extending a 50% diameter reduction was 85% for the 16 pts who reached their individual submaximal heart rate compared to 60% for those 27 pts who did not reach it. Unspecific symptoms led to test termination in these pts. The positive predictive values were comparable (89 and 94%). Conclusion: DSE causes physical and mental distress. If symptoms lead to test termination before age corrected submaximal heart rate is reached, normal wall motion does not exclude significant coronary artery disease.
Prehospital 12-Lead ECG to Triage ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction and Emergency Department Activation of the Infarct Team Significantly Improves Door-to-Balloon Times Ambulance Victoria and MonashHEART Acute Myocardial Infarction (MonAMI) 12-Lead ECG Project; Background-American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guidelines recommend >75% of patients with an ST-elevation myocardial infarction receive primary percutaneous coronary interventions (PPCI) within 90 minutes. Despite these recommendations, this goal has been difficult to achieve. Methods and Results-We conducted a prospective interventional study involving 349 patients undergoing PPCI at a single tertiary referral institution to determine the impact of prehospital 12-lead ECG triage and emergency department activation of the infarct team on door-to-balloon time (D2BT). The median D2BT of all patients (n=107) who underwent PPCI after field ECG and emergency department activation of the infarct team (MonashHEART Acute Myocardial Infarction [MonAMI] group) was 56 minutes (interquartile range, 36.5 to 70) compared with the median time of a contemporary group (n=122) undergoing PPCI during the same period but not receiving field triage (non-MonAMI group) of 98 minutes (73 to 126.45). The median D2BT time of 120 consecutive patients who underwent PPCI before initiation of the project (pre-MonAMI group) was 101.5 minutes (72.5 to 134; P<0.001). The proportion of patients who achieved a D2BT of <= 90 minutes increased from 39% in the pre-MonAMI group and 45% in the non-MonAMI group to 93% in the MonAMI group (P<0.001). Conclusions-The performance of prehospital 12-lead ECG triage and emergency department activation of the infarct team significantly improves D2BT and results in a greater proportion of patients achieving guideline recommendations. (Circ Cardiovasc Interv. 2009;2:528-534.)
Effects of slow coronary artery flow on QT interval duration and dispersion; Background: The coronary slow-flow phenomenon is an angiographic phenomenon characterized by delayed opacification of vessels in the absence of any evidence of obstructive epicardial coronary disease. Several studies have demonstrated myocardial ischemia in patients with slow coronary artery flow. In the present study, we aimed at evaluating the effects of slow coronary artery flow on QT interval duration and QT dispersion as a possible indicator of increased risk for ventricular arrhythmias and sudden cardiac death. Methods: The study population included 49 patients with angiographically proven normal coronary arteries and slow coronary flow in all three coronary vessels (group 1, 33 males, 16 females, mean age = 48 9 years), and 71 patients with angiographically proven normal coronary arteries without associated slow coronary flow (group 11, 47 males, 24 females, mean age = 50 8 years). Coronary flow rates of all subjects were documented by thrombolysis in myocardial infarction frame count (TIMI frame count). QT interval duration and QT dispersion of all subjects were measured on the standard 12-lead electrocardiogram. Results: There was no statistically significant difference between the two groups in respect to age, gender, presence of hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. There was a significant difference between the two groups in respect to the presence of cigarette smoking, typical angina, and positive exercise test results. TIMI frame counts of group I patients were significantly higher than those of group II patients for all three coronary arteries (P < 0.001). Maximum corrected QT interval (QTcmax) of group I did not differ from the QTcmax of group II (P > 0.05). However, minimum corrected QT interval (QTcmin) of group I was significantly lower than that for group II (P = 0.008). Consequently, corrected QT dispersion (QTcd) in group I was found to be significantly higher than in group II (P < 0.001). Conclusion: QTcd, indicating increased risk for ventricular arrhythmias and cardiovascular mortality, was found to be significantly higher in patients with slow coronary artery flow. However, further long-term prospective studies should be carried out to establish the significance of QTcd as a risk factor for ventricular arrhythmias and subsequent sudden cardiac death in patients with slow coronary artery flow.
Associations of serum <i>n</i>-3 and <i>n</i>-6 PUFA and hair mercury with the risk of incident stroke in men: the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study (KIHD); PUFA have been associated with lower risk of CVD, but less is known about their association with stroke risk. Fish, a major source of n-3 PUFA, may also contain methylmercury, which has been associated with higher risk of CVD and attenuation of the benefits of long-chain n-3 PUFA. We investigated the associations of serum n-3 and n-6 PUFA and hair Hg with risk of stroke in men. A total of 1828 men from the prospective, population-based Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study, aged 42-60 years and free of CVD at baseline in 1984-1989 were studied. Cox regression models were used for the analyses. During the mean follow-up of 21 . 2 years, 202 stroke cases occurred, of which 153 were ischaemic strokes. After adjustment for age and examination year, the only statistically significant association among the n-3 and n-6 PUFA was observed between the n-3 PUFA alpha-linolenic acid and risk of haemorrhagic stroke (hazard ratio in the highest v. the lowest quartile 0.33; 95% CI 0.13, 0.86; P-trend= 0.03). However, further adjustments attenuated the association to statistically non-significant. Hair Hg was not associated with stroke risk, but among those with hair Hg above the median level, higher serum long-chain n-3 PUFA concentrations were associated with a higher risk of ischaemic stroke. In our cohort of men, serum n-3 or n-6 PUFA or hair Hg were not associated with stroke risk; however, the interaction between Hg and long-chain n-3 PUFA with regard to ischaemic stroke risk warrants further investigation.
The importance of hyperhomocysteinemia as a risk factor for diseases: An overview; Hyperhomocysteinemia is the result of a disturbed methionine metabolism. It results from enzyme and/or vitamin deficiency. Epidemiological studies have proven, that hyperhomocysteinemia is a risk factor for atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases, stroke, peripheral arterial occlusive disease and venous thrombosis. Conflicting results come from prospective studies. Trials which are now in progress may clarify the "causality" of high homocysteine concentrations and will assess the value of homocysteine-lowering therapy. The induction of the atherogenic process by hyperhomocysteinemia seems to be associated with an alteration of endothelial and smooth muscle cell function leading to an accelerated formation of reactive oxygen species. An increased endothelial expression of adhesion molecules will then lead to an enhanced deposition of oxidized LDL in the vessel wall with the formation of foam cells. Additionally, hyperhomocysteinemia interferes with the coagulation system and thus also has prothrombotic effects. There is a high prevalence of hyperhomocysteinemia as a sign of a vitamin deficiency in elderly subjects which strongly increases with age. Elderly people have a high frequency of vitamin B-12 deficiency which can be diagnosed more reliably by the measurement of serum methylmalonic acid (MMA) level than by serum vitamin B-12. Subjects following a strict vegetarian diet also have a high prevalence of hyperhomocysteinemia caused by functional vitamin B-12 deficiency (increased MMA level). Last but not least, hyperhomocysteinemia is a factor in the pathogenesis of neural tube defects and pre-eclampsia. An early diagnosis of vitamin B-12 deficiency is important for the prevention of neurological damages. Homocysteine should be measured in patients with a history of atherothrombotic vessel diseases, in patients with diabetes or hyperlipidemia, in renal patients, in obese subjects, in elderly people, in postmenopausal women, and in early pregnancy. A specific diagnosis of an underlying vitamin deficiency is important for adequate treatment. Individuals with homocysteine level >12 mu mol/l should increase and/or supplement their dietary intake of vitamins.
Circulating Oxidized Lipoproteins and Cardiovascular Risk; It has been widely recognized that oxidized low-density lipoprotein (oxLDL) is involved in cardiovascular diseases. However, one of the major questions has been whether oxLDL is a cause or a result of atherosclerotic lesion development. Immunologic detection of human circulating oxLDL has been established, and evidence of a close relationship between oxLDL levels in human circulating plasma and cardiovascular diseases has been accumulating. Recent prospective studies suggest that plasma oxLDL measurement is potentially a predictive marker for cardiovascular diseases. Another question has been how LDL is oxidized in vivo. Recent progress in structural studies has shown evidence that oxLDL in vivo is oxidized differently from copper-induced oxLDL.
A randomized controlled trial of intravenous aminophylline for atropine-resistant out-of-hospital asystolic cardiac arrest; Objectives: Myocardial ischemia, during cardiopulmonary arrest, can lead to atropine-resistant bradyasystole from interstitial accumulation of endogenous adenosine. Aminophylline is a nonspecific adenosine receptor antagonist capable of reversing ischemia-induced bradyasystole in a variety of settings. The hypothesis of this study was that aminophylline improves the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) in atropine-resistant asystolic out-of-hospital cardiac arrest when used early in the resuscitation effort. Methods: This was a prospective, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial set in an urban emergency medical services system serving a population of 250,000. All non-pregnant, normothermic adults suffering nontraumatic out-of-hospital cardiac arrest (February 1999 to August 2000) with asystole were eligible. Patients remaining in asystole after initial doses of epinephrine and atropine received either aminophylline 250 mg or matching placebo as a bolus injection through a peripheral intravenous line. All other aspects of the attempted resuscitation proceeded in accordance with standard Advanced Cardiac Life Support (ACLS) guidelines. A sample size of 102 patients was calculated to yield a power of 80% to show an absolute improvement of 25% in ROSC. The aminophylline and control groups were compared by calculating 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) and the data were modeled using logistic regression. Results: The investigators enrolled 112 consecutive patients. One subject was dropped prior to analysis because of missing data. Data for 111 patients were analyzed on an intention-to-treat basis. Baseline characteristics were similar for the two groups. Comparing the control and aminophylline groups, ROSC was achieved in 15.6% (95% CI = 6% to 29%) and 22.7% (95% CI = 13% to 35%), while reversal of asystole occurred in 26.7% (95% CI = 15% to 42%) and 40.9% (95% CI = 29% to 54%), respectively. Group allocation had an odds ratio of 1.8 (95% CI = 0.6 to 5.3) for ROSC. Witnessed arrest was an independent predictor of outcome with an odds ratio of 3.8 (95% CI = 1.3 to 11.2). Conclusions: Addition of aminophylline appears to be a promising new intervention in the ACLS treatment of atropine-resistant asystolic out-of-hospital cardiac arrest.
The Institution-Based Prospective Inception Cohort Study: Design, Implementation, and Quality Assurance in Pediatric Thrombosis and Stroke Research; The development of well-designed cohort studies in rare diseases can lead to the discovery of new risk factors and prognostic markers, enhance understanding of natural history and outcomes, and provide preliminary data for randomized controlled trials of treatment strategies. Designing a robust cohort requires substantial upfront design and planning. Ideally, a cohort study of diseased individuals follows patients prospectively from the time of diagnosis (i.e., from the disease's inception). The objective of this article is to discuss the design and implementation of an institution-based prospective inception cohort study, with applied examples in pediatric stroke and thrombosis. Furthermore, we will discuss the ongoing management and quality assurance mechanisms necessary to optimize such a study. Although the resources necessary to implement a prospective inception cohort study are large, this approach can provide critical observational evidence on natural history and prognostic factors. Following multicenter validation, its findings can inform the design and execution of much-needed randomized controlled clinical trials.
Evaluation of the short- and long-term safety and therapy outcomes of the everolimus-eluting bioresorbable vascular scaffold system in patients with coronary artery stenosis: Rationale and design of the German-Austrian ABSORB RegIstRy (GABI-R); Background: Third-generation drug-eluting metal stents are the gold standard for treatment of coronary artery disease. The permanent metallic caging of the vessel, however, can result in limited vasomotion, chronic inflammation, and late expansive remodeling, conditions that can lead to late and very late stent thrombosis. The development of bioresorbable scaffolds (BRSs) promises advantages over metal stents due to complete biodegradation within 2-4 years. Theoretically, since vessel scaffolding is temporary and no permanent implant remains in the vessel, BRSs, as opposed to metal stents, once degraded would no longer be potential triggers for stent-related adverse events or side effects. Methods/design: The short-and long-term outcome after implantation of an everolimus-eluting, poly-L-lactic acid-based bioresorbable scaffold system (ABSORB, Abbott Vascular, Santa Clara, CA, USA) in the world-wide greatest all-comers cohort will be evaluated in the prospective, non-interventional, multicenter German-Austrian ABSORB RegIstRy (GABI-R). GABI-R will include over 5000 patients from about 100 study sites in Austria and Germany. Safety endpoints such as cardiac death, myocardial infarction, and clinically driven percutaneous or surgical target lesion and vessel revascularization will be evaluated during hospitalization and in the follow-up period (minimum of 5 years). Conclusion: Although two randomized controlled trials and several registries have documented safety and efficacy as well as non-inferiority of this everolimus-eluting ABSORB device compared with drug-eluting metal stents, the current knowledge regarding clinical application, treatment success, and long-term safety of using this BRS in daily routine is limited. Thus, the goal of GABI-R is to address this lack of information. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Impact of Metabolic Syndrome on Various Aspects of Microcirculation and Major Adverse Cardiac Events in Patients With ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction; Background: Microvascular impairment is associated with a poor prognosis even after successful percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in acute myocardial infarction. The aim of the present study was to examine the impact of metabolic syndrome (MetS) on various aspects of microvascular function and clinical outcomes. Methods and Results: In 216 consecutive patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) after successful primary PCI, data were collected and analyzed on epicardial coronary flow, ST-segment resolution (STR) on electrocardiography, maximum serum creatine kinase levels, and the incidence of major adverse cardiac events (MACE). The prevalence of MetS was 40.7% (88 patients). Corrected Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction frame count was significantly higher in the MetS group than in the non-MetS group (28.1 +/- 9.4 vs. 24.7 +/- 7.9, P=0.04). STR >= 50% was observed in 51.1% and 69.5%, respectively (P=0.01). Patients with MetS also had higher maximum creatine kinase levels (3,470 +/- 2,320 IU/L vs. 2,664 +/- 1,850 IU/L, P=0.01). On logistic regression analysis after adjustment for confounders, MetS was an independent negative predictor of complete STR (odds ratio, 0.49; 95% confidence interval [Cl]: 0.25-0.95, P=0.03). On Cox multivariate analysis, MetS was an independent predictor for MACE (hazard ratio, 4.85; 95% Cl: 1.28-18.3, P=0.02). Conclusions: MetS may damage microcirculation after direct PCI in patients with STEMI and lead to poor prognosis. (Circ J 2012; 76: 1972-1979)
Mediterranean diet and all-causes mortality after myocardial infarction: results from the GISSI-Prevenzione trial; Objective:To ascertain whether simple dietary advice to increase the consumption of Mediterranean foods, given in a clinical setting, leads to reduced mortality after a myocardial infarction. Design: Data were used from the GISSI-Prevenzione clinical trial, analysed as a cohort study with adjustment for treatment allocation. Setting: A total of 172 centres in Italy. Subjects:A total of 11 323 men and women with myocardial infarction. All subjects received advice to increase their consumption of fish, fruit, raw and cooked vegetables and olive oil. Measurements: The intakes of the five foods were assessed at baseline, 6, 18 and 42 months. Associations of food intakes, a combined dietary score, and the risk of death over 6.5 y were estimated adjusting for several non-dietary variables, using pooled logistic regression. Results: Subjects generally improved their diet according to the advice given. All foods were associated with a significant reduction in risk of death. Compared with people in the worst dietary score quarter, the odds ratio for those in the best score quarter was 0.51 (95% Cl 0.44-0.59). A good diet had a protective effect in sub-groups defined by age, sex, smoking, randomized treatment and concomitant drug therapy. Conclusions: Myocardial infarction patients can respond positively to simple dietary advice, and this can be expected to lead to a substantial reduction in the risk of early death. Regardless of any drug treatment prescribed, clinicians should routinely advise patients with myocardial infarction to increase their frequency of consumption of Mediterranean foods.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor 4G polymorphism is associated with decreased risk of cerebrovascular mortality in older women; Background-A common 4G allele of a 4G/5G polymorphism in the promoter region of the plasminogen activator inhibitor-1. (PAI-1) gene is associated with increased transcription of the PAI-1 protein, which may lead to decreased fibrinolysis. It has therefore been proposed as a candidate risk factor for myocardial infarction or stroke. Methods and Results-We studied the relationship between PAI-1 4G/5G genotype and the risk of cardiovascular mortality in a prospective cohort study among 12 239 women initially aged between 52 and 67 years, with a maximum follow-up time of 18 years (153 732 follow-up years). PAI-1 4G/5G genotype was measured in DNA obtained from urine samples, which were collected at baseline, of 498 women who died of a cardiovascular disease and a random sample of 512 women from the same cohort who did not die of cardiovascular disease. The PAI-1 4G/5G genotype was not associated with risk of myocardial infarction or other cardiovascular mortality. However, PAI-1 4G4G homozygotes had a markedly reduced risk of cerebrovascular mortality compared with PAI-1 5G5G homozygotes: the relative risk was 0.4, with a 95% CI of 0.2 to 0.7, whereas the relative risk of cerebrovascular mortality in PAI-1 4G5G heterozygotes compared with PAI-1 5G5G homozygotes was 0.7, with a 95% CI of 0.4 to 1.1. Conclusions-These findings are suggestive of an important contribution of PAI-1 in cerebrovascular pathology, probably via pathways other than fibrinolysis. PAI-1 may protect against destabilization of the atherosclerotic plaque, or it may inhibit neurotoxicity of tissue plasminogen activator in the brain.
Serum cardiac troponin T as a prognostic marker in early sepsis; Study objective: Sepsis is the leading cause of death in the noncardiologic ICU. Maldistributed nutritive blood flow and altered convective and diffusive oxygen transport during sepsis can lead to organ dysfunction and multiple organ failure. One of the causes of myocardial dysfunction is thought to be myocardial ischemia in sepsis; however, conventional biochemical parameters to detect myocardial ischemia lack sensitivity and specificity. Serum cardiac troponin T (S-TnT) was reported to have higher sensitivity and specificity in diagnosing minor myocardial injury. The aim of this study was to investigate if and how often S-TnT is pathologically elevated in patients with sepsis and to evaluate whether S-TnT might be a prognostic marker in early sepsis. Design: Prospective study. Setting: Surgical ICU. Patients: Twenty-six patients with sepsis were included in this study within 24 h of the onset of sepsis. The patients were allocated a priori to a high S-TnT group (S-TnT greater than or equal to 0.2 mu g/L) and a low S-TnT group (S-TnT<0.2 mu g/L). Measurement: Blood samples for the determination of S-TnT and conventional myocardial ischemia markers as well as for adhesion molecules were drawn. Hemodynamic measurements were performed every 4 h during the first 24 h and then once per day over 7 days. S-TnT was determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent sandwich assay. Results: Eighteen patients had pathologically high S-TnT values. High S-TnT values were associated with an increased mortality rate (15/18 in the high S-TnT group vs 3/8 in the low S-TnT group; p=0.02). Significant differences between the two groups were found in the norepinephline dosages at maximum values of S-TnT. Soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 was significantly elevated in the high S-TnT group. Conclusions: As high S-TnT values were associated with an increased mortality rate, it seems reasonable to further evaluate S-TnT as a prognostic marker of myocardial ischemia in patients with sepsis under different therapeutic regimens.
Predictors of elevated blood lead levels among 3-year-old Ukrainian children: A nested case-control study; Objectives: Lead is common in the general population. However, data are lacking for the Ukraine and many other countries from the former Soviet Union (FSU). In this study we evaluate the level of blood lead among 212 Ukrainian children and determine predictors of elevated lead levels. We also describe the health effects associated with elevated blood lead. Methods: A nested case-control study from a prospective cohort of Ukrainian 3-year-old children was conducted in March 1998. Blood assays were analyzed for lead by labs at the Centers for Disease Control and using portable examination kits. We evaluated predictors of elevated blood lead (blood levels in the upper quartile > 4.65 mu g/dL) using a multivariable logistic regression model. The model included socioeconomic status, parent occupation, environmental tobacco smoke, hygiene, diet, and health status. Results: The geometric mean lead level was 3.15 mu g/dL (range, 0.7-22.7). In our adjusted model, we observed a strong association between lead levels in the upper quartile and children whose fathers worked manual labor jobs in industries associated with lead exposures [adjusted odds ratio (OR) = 2.25; P = 0.025] and mothers who smoke indoors (adjusted OR = 2.87; P = 0.047). Daily hygiene and dietary habits were not associated with elevated lead levels. No increased risks of overall morbidity or lead-associated illness were observed (anemia, dental caries, renal disease, cardiovascular diseases, and musculoskeletal complaints). Conclusion: This is the first study to describe lead levels and associated variables among Ukrainian children in the peer-reviewed literature. Elevated lead levels in these children were associated with paternal occupation and mothers smoking indoors. At age 3 no adverse health effects were observed. More data are needed to determine the level of heavy metal contamination in children from the Ukraine and many other former Soviet nation-states. (c) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Modification of surgical technique for ascending aortic atherosclerosis: Impact on stroke reduction in coronary artery bypass grafting; Objective: Use of epiaortic scanning in coronary surgery is still a matter of debate. It is unclear whether the findings obtained by epiaortic scanning lead to effective changes in surgical technique that may reduce stroke rates. Methods: Epiaortic scanning was performed in 352 patients undergoing primary coronary artery bypass grafting before opening the pericardium using a 7.5-MHz ultrasonic probe. In the presence of moderate atherosclerosis (maximum aortic wall thickness of 3 to 5 mm), primarily single aortic crossclamping was carried out. In cases of severe sclerosis (maximum aortic wall thickness > 5 mm), aortic no-touch techniques on the beating heart were used. Results: The degree of ascending. aortic atherosclerosis was normal or mild in 151 patients (42.9%), moderate in 167 patients (47.5%), and severe in 34 patients (9.6%). The operative technique was modified in 31.1% of patients with moderate aortic sclerosis and in 91.2% of patients with severe aortic sclerosis. Perioperative mortality was 0.0% for mild disease, 3.0% for moderate disease, and 8.8% for severe disease (P = .005). Corresponding stroke rates reached 2.0%, 2.4%, and 2.9% (P = .935). Logistic regression adjusting for EuroSCORE showed that ascending aortic atherosclerosis was an independent predictor,of perioperative mortality (P = .013, odds ratio 1.67, confidence interval 1.11-2.50). The influence of aortic disease on the stroke prevalence was probably due to chance (P = .935), demonstrating a potentially positive effect of operative modifications concerning stroke caused by aortic manipulation. Conclusions: We conclude that intraoperative screening of coronary artery bypass grafting patients by epiaortic scanning can reveal useful information about the operative risk and with an aortic no-touch concept, perioperative stroke rates in high-risk patients may be lower than predicted.
Protein-Truncating Variants at the Cholesteryl Ester Transfer Protein Gene and Risk for Coronary Heart Disease; Rationale: Therapies that inhibit CETP (cholesteryl ester transfer protein) have failed to demonstrate a reduction in risk for coronary heart disease (CHD). Human DNA sequence variants that truncate the CETP gene may provide insight into the efficacy of CETP inhibition. Objective: To test whether protein-truncating variants (PTVs) at the CETP gene were associated with plasma lipid levels and CHD. Methods and Results: We sequenced the exons of the CETP gene in 58 469 participants from 12 case-control studies (18 817 CHD cases, 39 652 CHD-free controls). We defined PTV as those that lead to a premature stop, disrupt canonical splice sites, or lead to insertions/deletions that shift frame. We also genotyped 1 Japanese-specific PTV in 27561 participants from 3 case-control studies (14 286 CHD cases, 13 275 CHD-free controls). We tested association of CETP PTV carrier status with both plasma lipids and CHD. Among 58 469 participants with CETP gene-sequencing data available, average age was 51.5 years and 43% were women; 1 in 975 participants carried a PTV at the CETP gene. Compared with noncarriers, carriers of PTV at CETP had higher high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (effect size, 22.6 mg/dL; 95% confidence interval, 18-27; P<1.0x10(-4)), lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (-12.2 mg/dL; 95% confidence interval, -23 to -0.98; P=0.033), and lower triglycerides (-6.3%; 95% confidence interval, -12 to -0.22; P=0.043). CETP PTV carrier status was associated with reduced risk for CHD (summary odds ratio, 0.70; 95% confidence interval, 0.54-0.90; P=5.1x10(-3)). Conclusions: Compared with noncarriers, carriers of PTV at CETP displayed higher high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, lower triglycerides, and lower risk for CHD.
Poststroke infections are an independent risk factor for poor functional outcome after three-months in thrombolysed stroke patients; BackgroundInfections are common complications in patients with acute ischemic stroke; however, the pathophysiology of the stroke-induced immunodepression is still under debate. Although it has been shown that increased mortality and longer hospital stay are associated with the presence of poststroke infections, it remains unclear if early poststroke infections occurring in the first seven-days have an effect on the overall functional outcome. AimsAim of our study was to identify the frequency of poststroke infections in thrombolysed stroke patients and to analyze their effect on the outcome after three-months. MethodsFrom 1998 to 2011, all patients in our institution undergoing thrombolysis for acute ischemic stroke were included into a prospective database. Baseline variables, clinical, radiographic, and laboratory data were collected prospectively. Outcome measures included symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage per European-Australasian Acute Stroke Study II criteria, mortality, and modified Rankin Scale at three-months. Logistic regression models were used to identify independent predictors for poor outcome where appropriate. ResultsOne thousand sixteen patients were included; of them, 36<bold>3</bold>% had an infection during the first week. Pneumonia (9<bold>6</bold>%) and urinary tract infections (5<bold>4</bold>%) were most frequent. Severity of stroke (P<0<bold>0001</bold>), infarct size (P<0<bold>0001</bold>), atrial fibrillation (P=0<bold>005</bold>), and cardio embolic cause of stroke (P<0<bold>0001</bold>) were associated with infections. Age (odds ratio 1<bold>089</bold>, 95% confidence interval 1<bold>064</bold>-1<bold>115</bold>, P<0<bold>0001</bold>), severity of stroke (odds ratio 1<bold>111</bold>, 95% confidence interval 1<bold>073</bold>-1<bold>149</bold>; P<0<bold>0001</bold>) history of diabetes (odds ratio 0<bold>555</bold>. 95% confidence interval 0<bold>357</bold>-0<bold>864</bold>; P=0<bold>009</bold>), infarct size (odds ratio 4<bold>256</bold> 95% confidence interval 2<bold>697</bold>-6<bold>745</bold>; P<0<bold>0001</bold>), infections (odds ratio 1<bold>548</bold>, 95% confidence interval 1<bold>008</bold>-2<bold>376</bold>; P=0<bold>046</bold>), and symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage were independent predictors for poor outcome after three-months. ConclusionsIn our cohort of thrombolysed stroke patients, poststroke infections were frequent in patients with severe cardio embolic stroke, a large infarct, and a longer hospital stay; those patients have a higher risk of infection and a poorer functional outcome after three-months. This risk increases after occurrence of symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage. Prevention of infection with antibiotic therapy or other prophylactic treatment could potentially lead to a better functional outcome and further randomized studies on this aspect are needed.
Older emergency department patients with acute myocardial infarction receive lower quality of care than younger patients; Study objective: We assessed the independent relationship between age and the quality of medical care provided to patients presenting to the emergency department (ED) with acute myocardial infarction. Methods: We conducted a 2-year retrospective cohort study of 2,216 acute myocardial infarction patients presenting urgently to 5 EDs in Colorado and California from July 1, 2000, through June 30, 2002. Data on patient characteristics, clinical presentation, and ED processes of care were obtained from the ED record and ECG review. Patients were divided into 6 groups based on their age at the time of their ED visit: younger than 50 years, 50 to 59 years, 60 to 69 years, 70 to 79 years, 80 to 89 years, and 90 years or older. Hierarchic multivariable regression was used to assess the independent association between age and the provision of aspirin, beta-blockers, and reperfusion therapy (fibrinolytic agent or percutaneous coronary intervention) in the ED to eligible acute myocardial infarction patients. Results: Of ideal candidates for treatment in the ED, 1,639 (80.5%) of 2,036 received aspirin, 552 (60.3%) of 916 received beta-blockers, and 358 (77.8%) of 460 received acute reperfusion therapy. After adjustment for demographic, medical history, and clinical factors, older patients were less likely to receive aspirin (odds ratio [OR] 0.85, 95% confidence interval [Cl] 0.77 to 0.93), beta-blockers (OR 0.79, 95% CI 0.71 to 0.88), and reperfusion therapy (OR 0.30, 95% CI 0.18 to 0.52). Conclusion: Older patients presenting to the ED with acute myocardial infarction receive lower-quality medical care than younger patients. Further investigation to identify the reasons for this disparity and to intervene to reduce gaps in care quality will likely lead to improved outcomes for older acute myocardial infarction patients.
Body surface mapping improves early diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction in patients with chest pain and left bundle branch block; Objective: To test prospectively depolarisation and repolarisation body surface maps (BSMs) for mirror image reversal, which is less susceptible to artefact, in patients with acute ischaemic-type chest pain, and to compare these BSM criteria with previously published 12 lead ECG criteria Methods: An 80 lead portable BSM system was used to map patients presenting with acute ischaemic-type chest pain and a 12 lead ECG with left bundle branch block (LBBB). Acute myocardial infarction (AMI) was defined by serial cardiac enzymes. Each 12 lead ECG was assessed by the criteria of Sgarbossa et al and Hands et al for diagnosis of AMI. Depolarisation and repolarisation BSMs were assessed for loss of mirror image reversal of QRS with ST-T isointegral map patterns and a change in vector angle from QRS to ST-T outside 180+/-15degrees-findings typically seen in LBBB with AMI. Results: Of 56 patients with chest pain and LBBB, 18 had enzymatically confirmed AMI. Patients with loss of BSM image reversal were significantly more likely to have AMI (odds ratio 4.9, 95% confidence interval 1.5 to 16.4, p=0.007). Loss of BSM image reversal was significantly more sensitive (67%) for AMI than either 12 lead ECG method (17%, 33%) albeit with some loss in specificity (BSM 71%, 12 lead ECG 87%, 97%). Patients with AMI compared with those without AMI had a greater mean change in vector angle outside the normal range (180+/-15degrees), particularly between QRS isointegral and ST60 isopotential ( the potential 60 ms after the J point at each electrode site) BSMs (19degrees v 9degrees, p=0.038). Loss of image reversal and QRS-ST60 vector change outside 180+/-15degrees had 61% sensitivity and 82% specificity for AMI (odds ratio 7.0, 95% confidence interval 2.0 to 24.4, p=0.001). Conclusions: BSM compared with the 12 lead ECG improved the early diagnosis of AMI in the presence of LBBB.
Population Attributable Risks of Hypertension and Diabetes for Cardiovascular Disease and Stroke in the Northern Manhattan Study; Background-Understanding the population-level risk factor contribution to disease incidence is critical for effective allocation of resources for prevention. There are little data on the contribution of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in multiethnic elderly populations. Methods and Results-The Northern Manhattan Study (n=3298) is a population-based prospective cohort study of CVD outcomes in a multiethnic urban population. Multivariable Cox's models were used to calculate hazard ratios, population attributable risk (PAR), and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for (1) combined vascular event (VE) endpoint of stroke/myocardial infarction/vascular death (n=835) and (2) stroke (n=347). The PAR resulting from hypertension (HTN) was 24.3% (95% CI, 13.2 to 35.4) for VE and 29.9% (95% CI, 12.5 to 47.4) for stroke; PAR resulting from diabetes was 12.7% (95% CI, 8.2 to 17.2) for VE and 19.5% (95% CI, 12.4 to 26.5) for stroke. The PAR resulting from HTN and diabetes for stroke differed by race-ethnicity and age (P for differences <0.05). PAR for stroke reslting from HTN was greater among Hispanics (50.6%; 95% CI, 29.2 to 71.9) than non-Hispanic whites (2.6%; 95% CI, -33.2 to 38.6) and in those <80 years of age (35.6%; 95% CI, 18.9 to 52.3) than in those >= 80 (-0.3%; 95% CI, -34.2 to 33.6). Similarly, the PAR for stroke resulting from diabetes was 23.6% among those <80 years of age (95% CI, 15.7 to 31.5) and 2.3% among those >= 80 (95% CI, -8.2 to 12.7; P for difference=0.001). The PAR for VE did not differ by age/sex/race-ethnicity. Conclusions-HTN and diabetes have important effects on the burden of stroke, particularly among those younger than age 80 and Hispanics. Public health campaigns targeted at specific risk factors in specific populations can lead to a greater reduction in CVD.
High-sensitivity Cardiac Troponin Elevation after Electroconvulsive Therapy <i>A Prospective, Observational Cohort Study</i>; Background: While electroconvulsive therapy is widely regarded as a lifesaving and safe procedure, evidence regarding its effects on myocardial cell injury is sparse. The objective of this investigation was to determine the incidence and magnitude of new cardiac troponin elevation after electroconvulsive therapy using a novel high-sensitivity cardiac troponin I assay. Methods: This was a prospective cohort study in adult patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy in a single academic center (up to three electroconvulsive therapy treatments per patient). The primary outcome was new high-sensitivity cardiac troponin I elevation after electroconvulsive therapy, defined as an increase of high-sensitivity cardiac troponin I greater than 100% after electroconvulsive therapy compared to baseline with at least one value above the limit of quantification (10 ng/l). Twelve-lead electrocardiogram and high-sensitivity cardiac troponin I values were obtained before and 15 to 30 min after electroconvulsive therapy; in a subset of patients, an additional 2-h high-sensitivity cardiac troponin I value was obtained. Results: The final study population was 100 patients and a total of 245 electroconvulsive therapy treatment sessions. Eight patients (8 of 100; 8%) experienced new high-sensitivity cardiac troponin I elevation after electroconvulsive therapy with a cumulative incidence of 3.7% (9 of 245 treatments; one patient had two high-sensitivity cardiac troponin I elevations), two of whom had a non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction (incidence 2 of 245; 0.8%). Median high-sensitivity cardiac troponin I concentrations did not increase significantly after electroconvulsive therapy. Tachycardia and/or elevated systolic blood pressure developed after approximately two thirds of electroconvulsive therapy treatments. Conclusions: Electroconvulsive therapy appears safe from a cardiac standpoint in a large majority of patients. A small subset of patients with preexisting cardiovascular risk factors, however, may develop new cardiac troponin elevation after electroconvulsive therapy, the clinical relevance of which is unclear in the absence of signs of myocardial ischemia.
Epidemiology of heart diseases in diabetics; Diabetes mellitus is a frequent disease-30% of the French population in 1999. Vital prognosis is essentially related to cardiac complications, at least in type 2 diabetic patients, that is 85 to 90% of diabetic subjects. The most frequently observed cardiac complications are symptomatic or silent ischemic coronary disease and myocardial events, followed by heart failure. These complications may also result from cardiac autonomic neuropathy, be manifested by arrythmia and even lead to sudden death. Data on the prevalence and incidence of these events are scarce, and the epidemiologic characteristics are not the primary aim of publications. This review analyses: cardiovascular drug consumption in French diabetic and non diabetic patients, the incidence and prevalence rates of the most important cardiac complications from some large general prospective studies which included enough diabetic subjects, coronographic severity scores for diabetic and non-diabetic subjects, prognosis following treated coronary events, some prevalence data on cardiac autonomic neuropathy.
HYPERGLYCEMIA AFTER ACUTE MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION - ITS RELATION TO DIABETES MELLITUS; Glucose tolerance tests were carried out in 145 out of 167 consecutive cases of acute myocardial infarction within 72 hr. of the onset of the attack, after 7 to 10 days and after 1 month. Sixty-five per cent of the patients showed initial hyperglycemia, which persisted at the end of 7 to 10 days. At the end of 1 month this number was reduced to 29%. Follow-up studies were carried out in 57 cases at the end of 1 or 2 years. The incidence of hyperglycemia was 70% at the onset of the attack and at the end of 7 to 10 days. The hyperglycemia was transient in 38% of the cases, its duration being 11 to 30 days in 23% and between 1 month and 1 or 2 yr. in 15%. Delayed return of the curves to normal in these cases can lead to an erroneous diagnosis of diabetes mellitus. Myocardial infarction unmasked latent diabetes in 14% of the patients whereas 17% still had abnormal curves but no clinical diabetes. Patients with initial normoglycemia did not show any tendency to diabetes. The incidence of hyperglycemia was higher in persons over fifty years of age at each period of testing. A comparison of clinical and electrocardiographic findings between the normo-glycemic and the hyperglycemic patients revealed no significant differences. The possible mechanism of hyperglycemia is discussed.
A PROSPECTIVE EVALUATION OF PREHOSPITAL 12-LEAD ECG APPLICATION IN CHEST PAIN PATIENTS; The objective of this study was to prospectively determine the utility, efficiency, and reliability of early prehospital 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) application, the improvement in prehospital diagnostic accuracy, and paramedic and base physician opinions regarding early application of prehospital 12-lead ECGs in a broad range of stable chest pain patients.  The patient population consisted of cooperative, stable adult prehospital patients with a chief complaint of nontraumatic chest pain of presumed ischemic origin.  From July 17, 1989 through January 1, 1990 paramedics acquired prehospital 12-lead ECGs on 680 stable adult chest pain patients.  Factors affecting prehospital 12-lead ECG application were evaluated.  Paramedic application of prehospital 12-lead ECGs was found to be efficient and reliable, and it can be applied to most cooperative stable adult prehospital chest pain patients.  Prehospital 12-lead ECGs significantly improve base physicians' diagnostic accuracy in myocardial infarction, angina, and nonischemic chest pain patients.  Paramedic and base physicians' opinions regarding early application of prehospital 12-lead ECGs during patient evaluation were favorable.
CARDIAC AND HEMODYNAMIC-EFFECTS OF INFRARENAL AORTIC CLAMPING DURING REPAIR OF ABDOMINAL AORTIC-ANEURYSMS - A REASON FOR COMBINED CORONARY-BYPASS AND ANEURYSM REPAIR IN PATIENTS WITH SEVERE CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE; Coronary disease is the leading cause of early and late death after any type of vascular operation, but its immediate implications are more serious in patients who require abdominal aortic reconstruction. Infrarenal cross-clamping required during aortic replacement is generally well tolerated but may occasionally lead to severe hemodynamic disturbances in patients suffering from coronary artery disease (CAD). The authors performed prospective registration of hemodynamic and cardiac effects of infrarenal aortic clamping in three groups of 25 patients each who underwent infrarenal aortic aneurysm repair. Group I included patients without CAD, group II patients had manifest signs of CAD, whereas patients in group III underwent aortic repair immediately after coronary revascularization, as part of a combined approach. Patients with CAD demonstrated significant increase of central venous pressure, pulmonary arterial pressure, and pulmonary capillary wedge pressure after aortic clamping. Cardiac output measurements showed a significant decrease while systemic vascular resistance increased. A majority of patients presented ischemic ECG alterations and/or arrhythmia. Patients of group III presented an intermediate response to aortic clamping as compared with cardiac-healthy patients of group I and coronary patients from group II. However, there were no signs of ischemia after cross-clamping in this group of patients. The study demonstrates clearly the different tolerances to the stress of aortic cross-clamping in patients with and without CAD. Intraoperative transesophageal echocardiography allowed the authors to detect dilatation of the cardiac cavities following cross-clamping in patients with severe CAD; when this is not available, left ventricular filling pressure should be monitored in patients with CAD undergoing abdominal aortic repair. Registration of left ventricular pressure is a prerequisite for proper intraoperative application of vasodilators.
Multiple metals exposure, elevated blood glucose and dysglycemia among Chinese occupational workers; Aims: Exposure to metals may adversely affect cardiometabolic health. The aim of this study is to directly evaluate the roles of multiple metals exposure in glucose homeostasis, the dysfunction of which has been linked to diabetes and cardiovascular diseases (CVD5). Methods: We performed a cross-sectional analysis of baseline data from 464 metal-exposed workers who participated in a large prospective occupational study in China (Jinchang Cohort). The logistic regression model was used to evaluate the association between urinary metal levels and high fasting plasma glucose (high-FPG) (>= 75th 75th percentile) and dysglycemia. Results: Increasing levels of urinary nickel were prospectively associated with high-FPG: multivariable odds ratios (ORs) were 1.00 for the 1st quartile (lowest), 1.20 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.60-2.43) for the 2nd quartile, 1.64 (0.78-3.49) for the 3rd quartile and 3.17 (1.38-730) for the 4th quartile (highest) (P-trend = 0.004). The positive associations were also observed between urinary zinc and high-FPG (4th vs. 1st quartile = 2.71, 95%Cl: 1.26-5.84, P-trend = 0.01). Inverse associations between urinary cobalt and risk of high-FPG and dysglycemia were observed (P-trend <0.05). For dysglycemia, the positive trends of increasing levels of urinary nickel and zinc still remained, although urinary nickel was no longer statistically significant. A significant association between urinary arsenic and dysglycemia was also found. However, no associations were observed between urinary copper, cadmium, and risk of high-FPG or dysglycemia. Conclusion: Multiple urinary metals, particularly arsenic, nickel, zinc, and cobalt, were associated with elevated blood glucose among Chinese occupational workers, supporting the notion that metal exposure plays a critical role in the development of diabetes. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Arsenic in public water supplies and cardiovascular mortality in Spain; Background High-chronic arsenic exposure in drinking water is associated with Increased cardiovascular disease risk At low-chronic levels, as those present in Spain, evidence is scarce. In this ecological study, we evaluated the association of municipal drinking water arsenic concentrations during the period 1998-2002 with cardiovascular mortality in the population of Spain Methods. Arsenic concentrations in drinking water were available for 1721 municipalities, covering 248 million people. Standardized mortality ratios (SMRs) for cardiovascular (361,750 deaths), coronary (113,000 deaths), and cerebrovascular (103,590 deaths) disease were analyzed for the period 1999-2003. Two-level hierarchical Poisson models were used to evaluate the association of municipal drinking water arsenic concentrations with mortality adjusting for social determinants, cardiovascular risk factors, diet, and water characteristics at "municipal or provincial level in 651 municipalities (200,376 cardiovascular deaths) with complete covariate information Results Mean municipal drinking water arsenic concentrations ranged from < 1 to 118 mu g/L. Compared to the overall Spanish population, sex- and age-adjusted mortality rates for cardiovascular (SMR 110), coronary (SMR 118), and cerebrovascular (SMR 104) disease were increased in municipalities with arsenic concentrations in drinking water > 10 mu g/L Compared to municipalities with arsenic concentrations < 1 mu g/L., fully adjusted cardiovascular mortality rates were increased by 22% (-0.9% to 5.5%) and 26% (-2.0% to 7.5%) in municipalities with arsenic concentrations between 1-10 and > 10 mu g/L, respectively (P-value for trend 0.032) The corresponding figures were 5.2% (0.8% to 9.8%) and 1.5% (4.5% to 7.9%) for coronary heart disease mortality, and 0.3% (-4.1% to 4.9%) and 1.7% (-4.9% to 8.8%) for cerebrovascular disease mortality Conclusions In this ecological study, elevated low-to-moderate arsenic concentrations in drinking water were associated with Increased cardiovascular mortality at the municipal level Prospective cohort studies with individual measures of arsenic exposure, standardized cardiovascular outcomes, and adequate adjustment for confounders are needed to confirm these ecological findings. Our study, however, reinforces the need to implement arsenic remediation treatments in water supply systems above the World Health Organization safety standard of 10 mu g/L. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved
CARDIAC-ARREST - PROGNOSTIC FACTORS AND OUTCOME AT ONE YEAR; This study was designed to determine by multivariate statistical methods the influence of 38 variables on outcome after cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and to assess neuropsychological status in long-term survivors. The charts of 181 consecutive patients resuscitated in a 1100-bed University Hospital over a 2-year period were analyzed retrospectively. Of the 181 resuscitated patients, 23 (13%) could be discharged. Outcome was significantly affected by the following variables: presence of shock or renal failure before cardiac arrest (CA) (odds ratio = 10.6; 95% confidence interval = 1.3-85.8 and odds ratio = 13.8; 95% confidence interval = 1.7-109.2, respectively), administration of epinephrine (odds ratio = 11.2; 95% confidence interval = 3.2-39.2) or prolonged CPR (> 15 min) (odds ratio = 4.9; 95% confidence interval = 1.7-13.7). By contrast, when CA occurred in uncomplicated acute myocardial infarction a significantly better prognosis could be demonstrated (odds ratio = 0.2; 95% confidence interval = 0.0-0.6). The 10 long-term survivors investigated lead an independent life and all returned to former occupation. The most common complaint was moderate memory disturbance (five patients). The conclusion is that this study confirms the critical influence of cellular anoxia on prognosis and allows the improved delineation of the situations in which cardiopulmonary resuscitation appears to be hopeless or likely to be successful. The follow up in a small number of survivors has shown a good quality of life and minor neuropsychological sequellae.
1267 HSP70-2 polymorphism as a risk factor for carotid plaque rupture and cerebral ischaemia in old type 2 diabetes-atherosclerotic patients; Patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) are at risk for macrovascular disease complications, such as myocardial infarction (MI) or stroke from plaque rupture. Cytokines play a key role in plaque vulnerability. IFN-gamma inhibits collagen synthesis thereby affecting plaque stability. High IL-6, TNF-alpha, and dyslipidemia are risk factors for thrombosis. Abnormal increments of HSP70 in atherosclerotic plaques might lead to plaque instability and rupture caused by chronic inflammation, which up-regulates the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines (IL-6 and TNF-alpha) in human monocytes. Studies of a polymorphic PstI site lying in the coding region at position 1267 of the HSP70-2 gene have shown that the 1313 genotype is associated with NIDDM. We screened 60 old NIDDM patients with carotid stenosis and 107 old healthy controls for 1267 HSP702 polymorphism in order to establish if an association with plaque frailty exists. Different genotypic distributions were observed between patients and healthy controls. An increased relative risk was associated with the B allele (p = 0.0107; odds ratio = 1.861). HSP70-2, IL-6, IFN-gamma, TNF-alpha gene expressions within the plaques and serum levels of triglyceride, total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol were tested from patients stratified according to their B+ (AB and 1313) and B-(AA) genotypes. Plaque morphology (soft or,fibrous-calcified) and the incidence of cerebral ischaemia were also assessed. B+ patients showed increased HSP70-2, IL-6, IFN-gamma, TNF-a and dyslipidemia as compared to 13- carriers. The frequency of soft plaques increased in B+ in comparison to B-patients (67% versus 13%; odds ratio 13.0, p = 0.0006). A higher frequency of cerebral ischaemia (ictus or transient ischaemic attack (TIA)) was present in B+ than in 13- genotype (53% versus 20%; odds ratio 4.57, p < 0.05) Hence, 1267 HSP702 polymorphism may be of use in identifying 13+ NIDDM patients at risk for carotid plaque rupture and cerebral ischaemia. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
BODY-FAT, CORONARY HEART-DISEASE, AND STROKE IN JAPANESE MEN; The Honolulu Heart Program (HHP) is a prospective study of heart disease and stroke in Japanese-American men in Hawaii. Body weight, height, and subscapular and triceps skinfold thicknesses were measured by using standard methods at the baseline exam held in 1965-1968. The relationship of measures of body fatness to the 20-y follow-up for coronary heart disease (CHD) and stroke of these men was explored. Body mass index (BMI), subscapular skinfold thicknesses, and centrality index (subscapular skinfold thickness/triceps skinfold thickness) were predictors of CHD in this population, even after other risk factors were added to a multivariate model, indicating an independent contribution of body fat to CHD risk. Neither BMI nor centrality index was related to stroke. However, subscapular skinfold thickness was an independent predictor of stroke. The implications of these findings are that lifestyle changes that lead to an increase in obesity of Japanese men in Hawaii may increase risk for cardiovascular disease.
Tomorrow's world: Atherosclerosis in the year 2000; Atherosclerosis is an increasing problem, largely due to lifestyle changes. Lipid accumulates in artery walls throughout life, and infiltration into the subintimal space of cholesterol and cholesterol esters and of inflammatory cells can lead to narrowing, clotting, thrombosis and death. Lipid-lowering agents, particularly stains [(3-hydroxy-3-methylglutarate coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase inhibitors] represent one important approach to treatment. They work by blocking the conversion of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutarate into mevalonate, a precursor of cholesterol. The West Of Scotland Coronary Prevention Study (WOSCOPS) was a large prospective randomised study comparing the effects of pravastatin versus that of placebo in 6595 middle-aged men. In the pravastatin group the rate of fatal or non-fatal myocardial infarction was reduced by one-third over 5 years, the rate of cardiovascular deaths by one-third, and overall deaths by 22% relative to the placebo group. Implications of the results are considered and the results of the US-CARE study are compared. Discussion of relative and absolute risk, and continuous and discrete risk factors leads to the formulation of rational cost/beneficial strategies for decreasing cardiovascular risk by targeting high-risk individuals with lipid-lowering drugs.
Intracoronary bolus administration of eptifibatide during percutaneous coronary stenting for non ST elevation myocardial infarction and unstable angina; Background: Distal embolization of thrombotic debris may occur during and after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) for acute coronary syndromes. This may lead to impaired microvascular perfusion, myocardial infarction and increased morbidity and mortality. In vitro studies suggest that high local concentrations of a glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitor may be effective in disaggregating thrombus and thereby prevent microvascular compromise. We hypothesized that intracoronary (IC) administration of eptifibatide during stent implantation for unstable angina/non ST elevation myocardial infarction (UA/NSTEMI) would be safe and would lead to an acceptable rate of normal myocardial perfusion. Methods: In 54 patients with UA/NSTEMI, 2 boluses of 180 mcg/kg of eptifibatide each were administered via the IC route during PCI. Data were retrospectively collected and reviewed by an independent core laboratory. Results: No adverse events including arrhythmias occurred during IC administration of eptifibatide. There were no deaths or urgent revascularizations among patients treated with IC eptifibatide. One patient (2.0%) sustained a post-procedure myocardial infarction. One patient sustained a TIMI major bleeding event due to a gastrointestinal bleed. There were no TIMI minor bleeding events. Normal post PCI TIMI Myocardial Perfusion Grade was observed in 54% of patients. Conclusion: IC bolus administration of eptifibatide was feasible and safe among patients with UA/NSTEMI. Larger prospective and randomized studies are warranted to further explore the efficacy of this strategy.
The Impact of Newly Identified Loci on Coronary Heart Disease, Stroke and Total Mortality in the MORGAM Prospective Cohorts; Recently, genome wide association studies (GWAS) have identified it number of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) as being associated with coronary heart disease (CHID). We estimated the effect of these SNPs on incident CHD, stroke and total mortality in the prospective cohorts of the MORGAM project. We studied cohorts from Finland, Sweden, France and Northern Ireland (total N = 33,282, including 1,436 incident CHD events and 571 incident stroke events). The lead SNPs at seven loci identified thus fir and additional SNPs (in total 42) were genotyped using a case-cohort design. We estimated the effect of the SNPs on disease history at baseline, disease events during follow-up and classic risk factors. Multiple testing was taken into account using false discovery rate (FDR) analysis. SNP rs1333049 on chromosome 9p21.3 was associated with both CHD and stroke (HR = 1.20, 95%, CI 1.08-1.34 for incident CHD events and 1.15, 0.99-1.34 for incident stroke). SNP rs11670734 (19q12) was associated with total mortality and stroke. SNP rs2146807 (10q11.21) showed some association with the fatality of acute coronary event. SNP rs2943634 (2q36.3) was associated with high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and SNPs rs599839, rs4970834 (1p13.3) and rs17228212 (15q22.23) were associated with non-HDL cholesterol. SNPs rs2943634 (2q36.3) and rs-12525353 (6q25.1) were associated with blood pressure. These findings underline the need for replication studies in prospective settings and confirm the candidacy of several SNPs that may play a role in the etiology of cardiovascular disease. Genet. Epidemio. 33:237-246, 2009. (C) 2008 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
A Common Variant in SCN5A and the Risk of Ventricular Fibrillation Caused by First ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction; Background Several common genetic variants have been associated with either ventricular fibrillation (VF) or sudden cardiac death (SCD). However, replication efforts have been limited. Therefore, we aimed to analyze whether such variants may contribute to VF caused by first ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). Methods We analyzed 27 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) previously associated with SCD/ VF in other cohorts, and examined whether these SNPs were associated with VF caused by first STEMI in the GEnetic causes of Ventricular Arrhythmias in patients with first ST-elevation Myocardial Infarction (GEVAMI) study on ethnical Danes. The GEVAMI study is a prospective case-control study involving 257 cases (STEMI with VF) and 537 controls (STEMI without VF). Results Of the 27 candidate SNPs, one SNP (rs11720524) located in intron 1 of SCN5A which was previously associated with SCD was significantly associated with VF caused by first STEMI. The major C-allele of rs11720524 was present in 64% of the cases and the C/C genotype was significantly associated with VF with an odds ratio (OR) of 1.87 (95% CI: 1.12-3.12; P = 0.017). After controlling for clinical differences between cases and controls such as age, sex, family history of sudden death, alcohol consumption, previous atrial fibrillation, statin use, angina, culprit artery, and thrombolysis in myocardial infarction (TIMI) flow, the C/C genotype of rs11720524 was still significantly associated with VF with an OR of 1.9 (95% CI: 1.05-3.43; P = 0.032). Marginal associations with VF were also found for rs9388451 in HEY2 gene. The CC genotype showed an insignificant risk for VF with OR = 1.50 (95% CI: 0.96-2.40; P = 0.070). Conclusion One common intronic variant in SCN5A suggested an association with VF caused by first STEMI. Further studies into the functional abnormalities associated with the noncoding variant in SCN5A may lead to important insights into predisposition to VF during STEMI.
Cohort profile of BIOMArCS: the BIOMarker study to identify the Acute risk of a Coronary Syndrome-a prospective multicentre biomarker study conducted in the Netherlands; Purpose: Progression of stable coronary artery disease (CAD) towards acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is a dynamic and heterogeneous process with many intertwined constituents, in which a plaque destabilising sequence could lead to ACS within short time frames. Current CAD risk assessment models, however, are not designed to identify increased vulnerability for the occurrence of coronary events within a precise, short time frame at the individual patient level. The BIOMarker study to identify the Acute risk of a Coronary Syndrome (BIOMArCS) was designed to evaluate whether repeated measurements of multiple biomarkers can predict such 'vulnerable periods'. Participants: BIOMArCS is a multicentre, prospective, observational study of 844 patients presenting with ACS, either with or without ST-elevation and at least one additional cardiovascular risk factor. Methods and analysis: We hypothesised that patterns of circulating biomarkers that reflect the various pathophysiological components of CAD, such as distorted lipid metabolism, vascular inflammation, endothelial dysfunction, increased thrombogenicity and ischaemia, diverge in the days to weeks before a coronary event. Divergent biomarker patterns, identified by serial biomarker measurements during 1-year follow-up might then indicate 'vulnerable periods' during which patients with CAD are at high short-term risk of developing an ACS. Venepuncture was performed every fortnight during the first half-year and monthly thereafter. As prespecified, patient enrolment was terminated after the primary end point of cardiovascular death or hospital admission for non-fatal ACS had occurred in 50 patients. A case-cohort design will explore differences in temporal patterns of circulating biomarkers prior to the repeat ACS. Future plans and dissemination: Follow-up and event adjudication have been completed. Prespecified biomarker analyses are currently being performed and dissemination through peer-reviewed publications and conference presentations is expected from the third quarter of 2016. Should identification of a 'vulnerable period' prove to be feasible, then future research could focus on event reduction through pharmacological or mechanical intervention during such periods of high risk for ACS.
Estimating the effect of cardiovascular risk factors on all-cause mortality and incidence of coronary heart disease using G-estimation - The Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study; Standard methods for analysis of cohort studies may give biased estimates of exposure effects in the presence of time-varying confounding. Such effects may instead be estimated by using G-estimation. This study aimed to examine the relations between important cardiovascular risk factors and all-cause mortality and risk of coronary heart disease (CHD), accounting for confounding between exposures over time using G-estimation. Results were compared with those from standard survival analyses (e. g., Weibull regression) with time-updated covariates. The dataset consisted of all participants in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities cohort study who had complete data on the first two of four visits, giving a sample of 13,898 people at baseline. Death and occurrence of CHD or stroke were recorded. G-estimated associations between several risk factors and mortality/CHD incidence differed from those estimated using standard survival analysis. The associations between mortality/CHD incidence and smoking, presence of diabetes, and use of antihypertensives were stronger than the standard survival estimates, while the G-estimated effect of low density lipoprotein and high density lipoprotein cholesterol on CHD incidence were more linear than the standard estimate. Complex relations between exposures over time may lead to biased exposure effect estimates in standard survival analyses. G-Estimation can be used to overcome such biases, and thus may have important implications for the analysis of observational studies.
Role of Frailty in Patients With Cardiovascular Disease; Frailty is a geriatric syndrome of increased vulnerability to stressors that has been implicated as a causative and prognostic factor in patients with cardiovascular disease (CVD). The American Heart Association and the Society of Geriatric Cardiology have called for a better understanding of frailty as it pertains to cardiac care in the elderly. The aim of this study was to systematically review studies of frailty in patients with CVD. A search was conducted of Ovid MEDLINE, EMBASE, the Cochrane Database, and unpublished sources. Inclusion criteria were an assessment of frailty using systematically defined criteria and a study population with prevalent or incident CVD. Nine studies were included, encompassing 54,250 elderly patients with a mean weighted follow-up of 6.2 years. In community-dwelling elders, CVD was associated with an odds ratio (OR) of 2.7 to 4.0 for prevalent frailty and an OR of 1.5 for incident frailty in those who were not frail at baseline, Gait velocity (a measure of frailty) was associated with an OR of 1.6 for incident CVD. In elderly patients with documented severe coronary artery disease or heart failure, the prevalence of frailty was 50% to 54%, and this was associated with an OR of 1.6 to 4.0-for all-cause mortality after adjusting for potential confounders. In conclusion, there exists a relation between frailty and CVD; frailty may lead to CVD, just as CVD may lead to frailty. The presence of frailty confers an incremental increase in mortality. The role of frailty assessment in clinical practice may be to refine estimates of cardiovascular risk, which tend to be less accurate in the heterogenous elderly patient population. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. (Am J Cardiol 2009;103:1616-1621)
Abnormal ventricular activation and repolarisation during dobutamine stress echocardiography in coronary artery disease; Objective-To assess possible ECG changes caused by dobutamine stress and their relation to wall motion disturbances in patients with coronary artery disease. Design-Prospective recording and analysis of 12 lead ECG at rest and during each stage of dobutamine stress echocardiography, and correlation with wall motion changes. Setting-A tertiary referral centre for cardiac disease equipped with non-invasive facilities for pharmacological stress tests. Subjects-27 patients, mean (SD) age 60 (8) years, with documented evidence of coronary artery disease in whom dobutamine stress echo was clinically indicated, and 17 controls of similar age. Results-In controls, all ECG intervals shortened with increasing heart rate but in the patient group only PR and QT intervals shortened while QRS duration broadened and QTc interval prolonged progressively. In the 27 patients, 16 developed chest pain, 15 with reduced left ventricular long axis systolic excursion (p < 0.001), and all showed reduced peak lengthening rate; ST segment shift appeared in 16, 13 of whom developed chest pain, but did not correlate with reduction of either systolic long axis excursion or peak lengthening rate; QRS duration broadened in 20, 16 with reduction of long axis excursion (p < 0.02) which was more often seen at the septum (p < 0.005); QTc interval prolonged in 19, all of whom had associated reduction of peak long axis lengthening rate (p < 0.02). Conclusions-QRS duration and QTc interval both normally shorten with dobutamine stress, while in coronary artery disease they both lengthen: changes in QRS duration correlate with systolic and QTc interval with diastolic left ventricular wall motion disturbances. ST segment shift also occurred in most patients, but without consistent correlation with wall motion abnormalities. It was thus less discriminating than the other two abnormalities in this respect. cardiac invasive.
Second Manifestations of ARTerial disease (SMART) study: Rationale and design; The Second Manifestations of ARTerial disease (SMART) study is a single-centre prospective cohort study among patients, newly referred to the hospital with (1) clinically manifest atherosclerotic vessel disease, or (2) marked risk factors for atherosclerosis. The first objectives of the SMART study are to determine the prevalence of concomitant arterial disease at other sites, and risk factors in patients presenting with a manifestation of arterial disease or vascular risk factor and to study the incidence of future cardiovascular events and its predictors in these high-risk patients. At least 1000 patients, aged 18 to 80 years, will undergo baseline examinations, including a questionnaire on cardiovascular disease, height, weight and blood pressure measurements, blood tests for glucose, lipids, creatinine and homocysteine, urinary tests for microproteinuria, resting twelve-lead electrocardiogram, ultrasound scanning of the abdominal aorta, kidneys and the carotid arteries, measurements of common carotid intima-media thickness and arterial stiffness, and a treadmill test to assess atherosclerosis of the leg arteries. Abnormal findings are reported to the treating specialist and general practitioner with a treatment suggestion according to current practice guidelines. Recruitment and baseline examinations began in September 1996. All cohort members will be followed for clinical cardiovascular events for a minimum of three years. In the scope of secondary prevention, the study is expected to support the design of solid based screening and treatment programmes and evidence-based cardiovascular medicine to reduce morbidity and mortality, and improve quality of life, in high-risk patients.
EPIDURAL MORPHINE REDUCES THE RISK OF POSTOPERATIVE MYOCARDIAL-ISCHEMIA IN PATIENTS WITH CARDIAC RISK-FACTORS; Perioperative myocardial ischaemia is a predictor of postoperative cardiac morbidity (PCM). Epidural anaesthesia and adequate perioperative analgesia have been shown to improve myocardial oxygen dynamics due to interruption of pain and sympathetic pathways. The aim of the present study was to compare the incidence of ischaemia after either general anaesthesia followed by parenteral analgesia with morphine or combined epidural/general anaesthesia followed by analgesia with epidural morphine. In a prospective observer-blinded analysis of the occurrence of ischaemia, 55 patients (epidural = 29/parenteral = 26) scheduled for elective surgery with defined risks for ischaemic cardiac disease were entered and followed for 24 hr after surgery with two-lead continuous Holter monitoring Groups were similar with respect to age, weight, modified Goldman (Detsky) risk classification and the use of cardiac medications. Fewer patients receiving the epidural anaesthesia/analgesia had ischaemic episodes (172 vs 50.0%, P = 0.01), and tachyarrhythmias (20.7 vs 50.0%, P < 0. 05). Epidural patients had a four-fold reduction of the relative risk for either event (P < 0.001). All ischaemic events were asymptomatic and unrecognized (silent). All major morbid events (n = 5) (MI congestive heart failure and death) occurred in patients who had perioperative episodes of ischaemia. There wee three distinct peaks in onset of ischaemia, at 1-4 hr, 9-12 hr and 22-24 hr postoperatively One third of postoperative ischaemic events occurred within the first four hours after operation and lasted from 1 to 31 min. Forty-two percent of ischaemic episodes were associated with a heart rate > 100 bpm, or an increase of 20% over the baseline heart rate We conclude that epidural anaesthesia/analgesia reduces but does not eliminate the risk of myocardial ischaemia and tachyarrhythmia. We were unable to determine any associated reduction in the risk of PCM.
Use and misuse of the receiver operating characteristic curve in risk prediction; The c statistic, or area under the receiver operating characteristic ( ROC) curve, achieved popularity in diagnostic testing, in which the test characteristics of sensitivity and specificity are relevant to discriminating diseased versus nondiseased patients. The c statistic, however, may not be optimal in assessing models that predict future risk or stratify individuals into risk categories. In this setting, calibration is as important to the accurate assessment of risk. For example, a biomarker with an odds ratio of 3 may have little effect on the c statistic, yet an increased level could shift estimated 10- year cardiovascular risk for an individual patient from 8% to 24%, which would lead to different treatment recommendations under current Adult Treatment Panel III guidelines. Accepted risk factors such as lipids, hypertension, and smoking have only marginal impact on the c statistic individually yet lead to more accurate reclassification of large proportions of patients into higher- risk or lower- risk categories. Perfectly calibrated models for complex disease can, in fact, only achieve values for the c statistic well below the theoretical maximum of 1. Use of the c statistic for model selection could thus naively eliminate established risk factors from cardiovascular risk prediction scores. As novel risk factors are discovered, sole reliance on the c statistic to evaluate their utility as risk predictors thus seems ill-advised.
Association of plasma fatty acid composition with lower extremity arterial disease: The Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study; Background and Aim: The fatty acid (FA) composition of plasma cholesterol esters or phospholipids reflects medium-term dietary fat intake and has been associated with coronary heart disease, stroke, and preclinical carotid atherosclerosis. Methods and Results: We examined the associated of plasma FA composition with lower extremity arterial disease (LEAD) in 1,534 men and 1,809 women aged 45-64 years who were free of clinical coronary heart disease and stroke, at the Minneapolis center of the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study. FA composition was measured in cholesterol esters and phospholipids using gas-liquid chromatography. LEAD was assessed by a resting ankle-brachial index (ABI), the ratio of ankle systolic blood pressure to brachial systolic pressure, of less than or equal to 0.95 (approximately the 6th percentile in the entire ARIC population). Compared with men without LEAD, men with LEAD had statistically significantly lower levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs, mainly linoleic acid) and polyunsaturated to saturated FA ratio (P/S), but higher levels of monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs, mainly palmitoleic and oleic acids). Saturated fatty acids (SFAs) were slightly, but not statistically significantly higher in men with LEAD than those without the disease. The odds ratio estimate of LEAD for an interquartile increment in phospholipids was 1.12 (95% CI: 0.68-1.86) for SFAs, 1.53 (95% CI: 1.15-2.05) for MUFAs, 0.64 (95% CI: 0.44-0.92) for PUFAs, and 0.68 (95% CI: 0.47-0.99) for P/S, after adjustment for age, plasma LDL-cholesterol and fibrinogen, cigarette smoking, hypertension, diabetes, and dietary vitamin E intake. The magnitude of the associations was similar in plasma cholesterol esters. In women, palmitoleic acid (16:1n7) in both plasma fractions was positively, and phospholipid linoleic acid (18:2n6) was inversely, associated with LEAD. No grouped FAs, however, were statistically significantly associated with LEAD in women after multivariate adjustment. Analyses using ABI as a continuous variable were generally consistent with the LEAD findings. Conclusions: Reduced levels of plasma PUFAs and P/S ratio, and elevated levels of plasma MUFAs are associated with lower extremity atherosclerosis, at least in men. This provides further evidence than an atherogenic diet may contribute to LEAD. (C) 1997, Medikal Press.
High-Sensitivity Cardiac Troponin T Improves the Diagnosis of Perioperative MI; BACKGROUND: The diagnosis of myocardial infarction (MI) after noncardiac surgery has traditionally relied on using relatively insensitive contemporary cardiac troponin (cTn) assays. We hypothesized that using a recently introduced novel high-sensitivity cTnT (hscTnT) assay would increase the detection rate of perioperative MI. METHODS: In this ancillary study of the Vitamins in Nitrous Oxide trial, readjudicated incidence rates of myocardial injury (new isolated cTn elevation) and MI were compared when diagnosed by contemporary cTnI versus hscTnT. We probed various relative (eg, > 50%) or absolute (eg, + 5 ng/L) hscTnT change metrics. Inclusion criteria for this ancillary study were the presence of a baseline and at least 1 postoperative hscTnT value. RESULTS: Among 605 patients, 70 patients (12%) had electrocardiogram changes consistent with myocardial ischemia; 82 patients (14%) had myocardial injury diagnosed by contemporary cTnI, 31 (5.1%) of which had an adjudicated MI. After readjudication, 67 patients (11%) were diagnosed with MI when using hscTnT, a 2-fold increase. Incidence rates of postoperative myocardial injury ranged from 12% (n = 73) to 65% (n = 393) depending on the hscTnT metric used. Incidence rates of MI using various hscTnT change metrics and the presence of ischemic electrocardiogram changes, but without event adjudication, ranged from 3.6% (n = 22) to 12% (n = 74), a > 3-fold difference. New postoperative hscTnT elevation, either by absolute or relative hscTnT change metric, was associated with an up to 5-fold increase in 6-month mortality. CONCLUSIONS: The use of hscTnT compared to contemporary cTnI increases the detection rate of perioperative MI by a factor of 2. Using different absolute or relative hscTnT change metrics may lead to under-or overdiagnosis of perioperative MI.
Antiphospholipid syndrome in terms of cardiovascular surgery; Antiphospholipid syndrome (APS)is a rare syndrome mainly characterized by several hypercoagulation disorders. Clinical findings of this syndrome include arterial or venous thrombosis, recurrent pulmonary embolism, valve diseases, intracardiac thrombus formations, pulmonary hypertension, coronary artery disease, and dilated cardiomyopathy. A definitive diagnosis can be made in a patient with history of arterial or venous thrombosis or recurrent abortions and positive for anticardiolipin antibodies, anti-beta 2-glycoprotein-1 antibodies -also known as antiphospholipid antibodies- and/or lupus anticoagulants. The incidence of thrombosis is highest during the following periods: 1) preoperative period due to the withdrawal of warfarin; 2) postoperative period due to potential hypercoagulability despite warfarin or heparin therapy; and 3) postoperative period before the start of adequate anticoagulation treatment. Irregular thickening of the valve leaflets due to deposition of immune complexes may lead to vegetation and valve dysfunction. The most commonly affected valve is the mitral valve, followed by the aortic and tricuspid valves. Anticoagulation dosage should be adjusted carefully during cardiopulmonary bypass due to the high risk of thrombosis in patients with APS. Multidisciplinary approaches are needed to reduce risk of bleeding and thrombosis during peri- and postoperative periods by adequate anticoagulation adjustment. Further prospective studies are required on anticoagulation adjustments in patients with APS during cardiovascular surgery.
Lipoprotein(a) interactions with lipid and nonlipid risk factors in early familial coronary artery disease; An interaction between high plasma lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)], unfavorable plasma lipids, and other risk factors may lead to very high risk for premature CAD. Plasma Lp(a), lipids, and other coronary risk factors were examined in 170 cases with early familial CAD and 165 control subjects to test this hypothesis. In univariate analysis, relative odds for CAD were 2.95 (P<.001) for plasma Lp(a) above 40 mg/dL. Nearly all the risk associated with elevated Lp(a) was found to be restricted to persons with historically elevated plasma total cholesterol (6.72 mmol/L [260 mg/dL] or higher) or with a total/HDL cholesterol ratio >5.8. Nonlipid risk factors were also found to at least multiply the risk associated with Lp(a). When Lp(a) was over 40 mg/dL and plasma total/HDL cholesterol >5.8, relative odds for CAD were 25 (P=.0001) in multiple logistic regression. If two or more nonlipid risk factors were also present (including hypertension, diabetes, cigarette smoking, high total homocysteine, or low serum bilirubin), relative odds were 122 (P<1x10(-12)). The ability of nonlipid risk factors to increase risk associated with Lp(a) was dependent on at least a mildly elevated total/HDL cholesterol ratio. In conclusion, high Lp(a) was found to greatly increase risk only if the total/HDL cholesterol ratio was at least mildly elevated, an effect exaggerated by other risk factors. Aggressive lipid lowering in those with elevated Lp(a) therefore appears indicated.
Prevalence and outcome of ST-segment elevation in posterior electrocardiographic leads during acute myocardial infarction; The prevalence and clinical significance of ST-segment elevation (STE) in posterior electrocardiographic (BCG) leads during acute myocardial infarction (AMI) is largely unknown. We obtained posterior ECG leads (V-7, V-8, and V-9), as well as standard 12-lead and right precordial leads (V4R-V6R), immediately upon admission in 210 consecutive patients with AMI. Nineteen patients (9% of 210 cases) had STE of greater than or equal to 1 mm in 2 or more posterior leads, either as an isolated finding (7 cases, 3.3% of 210) or in association with STE at inferior or lateral sites (12 cases, 5.7% of 210). STE in posterior leads was detected in 10.9% (7 of 64) of patients without STE in standard ECG leads. Tall R waves in V-1-V-2 developed in 5 cases (26.3% of 19). Patients with STE in posterior leads were significantly older (64.4 +/- 7.3 years vs 58.9 +/- 8.9 years) with more frequent cardiovascular risk factors (3.4 +/- 1.1 vs 2.9 +/- 1.2) than those without. In-hospital complications were significantly more frequent in these patients compared with matched controls (Mantel-Haenszel odds ratio = 7, confidence interval = 1.28-28.43). There was also a trend toward lower ejection fraction and increased in-hospital mortality that did not reach statistical significance. We conclude that STE in posterior ECG leads is not uncommon among patients with AMI and no STE in standard leads and may portend a worse in-hospital course.
Migraine and risk of perioperative ischemic stroke and hospital readmission: hospital based registry study; Objective To evaluate whether patients with migraine are at increased risk of perioperative ischemic stroke and whether this may lead to an increased hospital readmission rate. Design Prospective hospital registry study. Setting Massachusetts General Hospital and two satellite campuses between January 2007 and August 2014. Participants 124 558 surgical patients (mean age 52.6 years; 54.5% women). Main outcome measures The primary outcome was perioperative ischemic stroke occurring within 30 days after surgery in patients with and without migraine and migraine aura. The secondary outcome was hospital readmission within 30 days of surgery. Exploratory outcomes included post-discharge stroke and strata of neuroanatomical stroke location. Results 10 179 (8.2%) patients had any migraine diagnosis, of whom 1278 (12.6%) had migraine with aura and 8901 (87.4%) had migraine without aura. 771 (0.6%) perioperative ischemic strokes occurred within 30 days of surgery. Patients with migraine were at increased risk of perioperative ischemic stroke (adjusted odds ratio 1.75, 95% confidence interval 1.39 to 2.21) compared with patients without migraine. The risk was higher in patients with migraine with aura (adjusted odds ratio 2.61, 1.59 to 4.29) than in those with migraine without aura (1.62, 1.26 to 2.09). The predicted absolute risk is 2.4 (2.1 to 2.8) perioperative ischemic strokes for every 1000 surgical patients. This increases to 4.3 (3.2 to 5.3) for every 1000 patients with any migraine diagnosis, 3.9 (2.9 to 5.0) for migraine without aura, and 6.3 (3.2 to 9.5) for migraine with aura. Patients with migraine had a higher rate of readmission to hospital within 30 days of discharge (adjusted odds ratio 1.31, 1.22 to 1.41). Conclusions Surgical patients with a history of migraine are at increased risk of perioperative ischemic stroke and have an increased 30 day hospital readmission rate. Migraine should be considered in the risk assessment for perioperative ischemic stroke.
The Relevance of Hyperuricemia and Metabolic Syndrome and the Effect of Blood Lead Level on Uric Acid Concentration in Steelmaking Workers; Objectives: Uric acid concentration is known to increase the prevalence of metabolic syndrome by affecting its components, resulting in increased risk of cerebrovascular and cardiovascular diseases, and long-term lead exposure is known to affect this serum uric acid level. In this study, we aimed to examine the association between the causes of hyperuricemia and metabolic syndrome, and to determine whether an increased blood lead level affects hyperuricemia. Method: Anthropometric measurements, surveys, and blood tests were conducted between May and June 2012 in 759 men working in the steelmaking process at a domestic steel company. Workers were divided into 2 groups according to the presence or absence of hyperuricemia, and an analysis was performed to examine its association with metabolic syndrome. In addition, the workers were divided into 3 groups according to the blood lead level to analyze the association between blood lead and hyperuricemia. Results: The geometric mean (standard deviation) of the blood lead levels in the hyperuricemia group was significantly higher than that of the healthy group (3.8 [1.8] vs. 3.3 [1.8] mu g/dL). The adjusted odds ratio for metabolic syndrome of the hyperuricemia group increased significantly to 1.787 (1.125-2.839) compared with the healthy group. In addition, the adjusted odds ratios for the occurrence of hyperuricemia in the tertile 2 (2.61-4.50 mu g/dL) and tertile 3 groups (>4.50 mu g/dL) according to blood lead level significantly increased to 1.763 (1.116-2.784) and 1.982 (1.254-3.132), respectively, compared with the tertile 1 group (< 2.61 mu g/dL). Conclusion: Hyperuricemia is believed to function as an independent risk factor for metabolic syndrome, while lead seems to increase the serum uric acid level even at a considerably low blood level. Therefore, attention should be given to patients with hyperuricemia and metabolic syndrome who are prone to lead exposure, and a prospective study should be conducted to identify their causal relationship.
Comparison of a Two-Lead, Computerized, Resting ECG Signal Analysis Device, the MultiFunction-CardioGram<SUP>sm</SUP> or MCG (a.k.a. 3DMP), to Quantitative Coronary Angiography for the Detection of Relevant Coronary Artery Stenosis (&gt;70%) - A Meta-Analysis of all Published Trials Performed and Analyzed in the US; Background: Accurate, non-invasive diagnosis of, and screening for, coronary artery disease (CAD) and restenosis after coronary revascularization has been a challenge due to either low sensitivity/specificity or relevant morbidity associated with current diagnostic modalities. Methods: To assess sensitivity and specificity of a new computerized, multiphase, resting electrocardiogram analysis device (MultiFunction-CardioGram(sm) or MCG a.k.a. 3DMP) for the detection of relevant coronary stenosis (>70%), a meta-analysis of three published prospective trials performed in the US on patient data collected using the US manufactured device and analyzed using the US-based software and New York data analysis center from patients in the US, Germany, and Asia was completed. A total of 1076 patients from the three trials (US - 136; Germany - 751; Asia - 189) (average age 62 +/- 11.5, 65 for women, 60 for men) scheduled for coronary angiography, were included in the analysis. Patients enrolled in the trials may or may not have had prior angiography and/or coronary intervention. Angiographic results in all studies were classified for hemodynamically relevant stenosis (> 70%) by two US based angiographers independently. Results: Hemodynamically relevant stenosis was diagnosed in 467 patients (43.4%). The device, after performing a frequency-domain, computational analysis of the resting ECG leads and computer-database comparison, calculated a coronary ischemia "severity" score from 0 to 20 for each patient. The severity score was significantly higher for patients with relevant coronary stenosis (5.4 +/- 1.8 vs. 1.7 +/- 2.1). The study device (using a cut-off score for relevant stenosis of 4.0) correctly classified 941 of the 1076 patients with or without relevant stenosis (sensitivity-91.2%; specificity-84.6%; NPV 0.942, PPV 0.777). Adjusted positive and negative predictive values (PPV and NPV) were 81.9% and 92.6%, respectively (ROC AUC = 0.881 [95% CI: 0.860-0.903]). Subgroup analysis showed no significant influence of sex, age, race/nationality, previous revascularization procedures, resting ECG morphology, or participating center on the device's diagnostic performance. Conclusions: The new computerized, multiphase, resting ECG analysis device (MultiFunction-CardioGram(sm)) has been shown in this meta-analysis to safely and accurately identify patients with relevant coronary stenosis (> 70%) with high sensitivity and specificity and high negative predictive value. Its potential use in the evaluation of symptomatic patients suspected to suffer from coronary disease/ischemia is discussed.
Diffuse T-wave inversions associated with electroconvulsive therapy; Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) can lead to ST depression and arrhythmias in patients with coronary artery disease, most likely secondary to increased myocardial oxygen demand. This report describes a case of ECT-associated, global T-wave inversions in a patient with chronic atrial fibrillation treated with digoxin. Laboratory evaluation and echocardiography were normal. These T-wave changes may result from increased sympathetic activity associated with ECT. Prospective studies suggest that this finding may be seen in up to 4% of patients undergoing ECT. (C) 2004 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
Assessment of potential cardiovascular risks of methylphenidate in comparison with sibutramine: do we need a SCOUT (trial)?; With the recent approval of methylphenidate (MPH) for treating attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adults, the number of patients exposed will increase tremendously. The ongoing debate on the cardiovascular safety of MPH has triggered two large retrospective cohort studies in children and adolescents as well as in young to middle-aged adults. These studies looked into serious cardiovascular events (sudden cardiac death, acute myocardial infarction and stroke) as primary endpoints and concluded that MPH was safe after a mean duration of 2.1 years of follow-up in children and adolescents and mean duration of 0.33 years of current use in adults. The results are encouraging with respect to the short- and medium-term use of MPH. Without the inherent limitations of retrospective cohort studies, a prospective randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial in individuals stratified for cardiovascular risk factors would allow for an optimized risk assessment. With many millions of patients treated per year and drawing parallels to the lately discovered risks of sibutramine, another sympathomimetic with an overlapping mode of action and similar side effects on heart rate and blood pressure, we hypothesize that such a trial might be a dedicated risk mitigation strategy for public health. A critical assessment of cardiovascular side effects of MPH appears particularly warranted, because ADHD is associated with obesity, smoking and poor health in general. We summarize recent findings with the focus on cardiovascular risks of MPH in humans; we additionally analyze the limited number of rodent studies that have addressed cardiovascular risks of MPH.
Predictors of left main or three-vessel disease in patients who have acute coronary syndromes with non-ST-segment elevation; To identify an early, simple, noninvasive predictor of left main (LM) or 3-vessel disease (3-VD), we retrospectively studied clinical variables on admission in 310 patients with acute coronary syndromes with non-ST-segment elevation. Univariate analysis indicated that many factors were related to LM/3-VD. Multivariate analysis showed that ST-segment elevation in lead aVR of >= 0.5 mm was the strongest predictor of LM/3-VD, followed by positive troponin T (odds ratio 19.7, p < 0.001, and odds ratio 3.08, p = 0.048, respectively). ST-segment elevation in lead aVR of >= 0.5 mm and positive troponin T identified LM/3-VD with sensitivities of 78% and 62%, specificities of 86% and 59%, positive predictive values of 57% and 26%, and negative predictive values of 95% and 87%, respectively (p < 0.05). Our findings suggest that in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes, ST-segment elevation in lead aVR of >= 0.5 mm and positive troponin T on admission (especially the former) are useful predictors of LM/3-VD. (c) 2005 by Excerpta Medica Inc.
Concept of Vulnerable/Unstable Plaque; Today's concept of vulnerable plaque has evolved primarily from the early pioneering work uncovering the pivotal role of plaque rupture and coronary thrombosis as the major cause of acute myocardial infarction and sudden cardiac death. Since the first historical description of plaque rupture in 1844, several key studies by leading researchers and clinicians have lead to the current accepted views on lesion instability. Important to the complex paradigm of plaque destabilization and thrombosis are many discoveries beginning with the earliest descriptions of advanced plaques, reminiscent of abscesses encapsulated by fibrous tissue capable of rupture. It was not until the late 1980s that studies of remodeling provided keen insight into the growth of advanced plaques, beyond the simple accumulation of lipid. The emphasis in the next decade, however, was on a focused shift toward the mechanisms of lesion vulnerability based on the contribution of tissue proteolysis by matrix metalloproteinases as an essential factor responsible for thinning and rupture of the fibrous cap. In an attempt to unify the understanding of what constitutes a vulnerable plaque, morphological studies, mostly from autopsy, suggest the importance of necrotic core size, inflammation, and fibrous cap thickness. Definitive proof of the vulnerable plaque, however, remains elusive because animal or human data supporting a cause-and-effect relationship are lacking. Although emerging imagining technologies involving optical coherence tomography, high-resolution MRI, molecular biomarkers, and other techniques have far surpassed the limits of the early days of angiography, advancing the field will require establishing relevant translational animal models that produce vulnerable plaques at risk for rupture and further testing of these modalities in large prospective clinical trials. (Arterioscler Thromb Vasc Biol. 2010; 30: 1282-1292.)
Association of the 9p21.3 Locus With Risk of First-Ever Myocardial Infarction in Pakistanis Case-Control Study in South Asia and Updated Meta-Analysis of Europeans; Objective-To examine variants at the 9p21 locus in a case-control study of acute myocardial infarction (MI) in Pakistanis and to perform an updated meta-analysis of published studies in people of European ancestry. Methods and Results-A total of 1851 patients with first-ever confirmed MI and 1903 controls were genotyped for 89 tagging single-nucleotide polymorphisms at locus 9p21, including the lead variant (rs1333049) identified by the Wellcome Trust Case Control Consortium. Minor allele frequencies and extent of linkage disequilibrium observed in Pakistanis were broadly similar to those seen in Europeans. In the Pakistani study, 6 variants were associated with MI (P<10(-2)) in the initial sample set, and in an additional 741 cases and 674 controls in whom further genotyping was performed for these variants. For Pakistanis, the odds ratio for MI was 1.13 (95% CI, 1.05 to 1.22; P=2 x 10(-3)) for each copy of the C allele at rs1333049. In comparison, a meta-analysis of studies in Europeans yielded an odds ratio of 1.31 (95% CI, 1.26 to 1.37) for the same variant (P=1 x 10(-3) for heterogeneity). Meta-analyses of 23 variants, in up to 38 250 cases and 84 820 controls generally yielded higher values in Europeans than in Pakistanis. Conclusion-To our knowledge, this study provides the first demonstration that variants at the 9p21 locus are significantly associated with MI risk in Pakistanis. However, association signals at this locus were weaker in Pakistanis than those in European studies. (Arterioscler Thromb Vasc Biol. 2010; 30: 1467-1473.)
aVR ST elevation: an important but neglected sign in ST elevation acute myocardial infarction; This study evaluated the prognostic implications of aVR ST elevation during ST elevation acute myocardial infarction (AMI). The Hirulog and Early Reperfusion/Occlusion-2 study randomized 17 073 patients with acute ST elevation AMI within 6 h of symptom onset to receive either bivalirudin or heparin, in addition to streptokinase and aspirin. The treatments had no effect on the primary endpoint of 30-day mortality. Electrocardiographic recordings were performed at randomization and at 60 min after commencing streptokinase. aVR ST elevation >= 1 mm was associated with higher 30-day mortality in 15 315 patients with normal intraventricular conduction regardless of AMI location (14.7% vs. 11.2% for anterior AMI, P = 0.0045 and 16.0% vs. 6.4% for inferior AMI, P < 0.0001). After adjusting for summed ST elevation and ST depression in other leads, associations with higher mortality were found with aVR ST elevation of >= 1.5 mm for anterior [odds ratio 1.69 (95% CI 1.16 to 2.45)] and of >= 1 mm for inferior AMI [odds ratio 2.41 (95% CI 1.76 to 3.30)]. There was a significant interaction between aVR ST elevation and infarct location. Thirty-day mortality was similar with anterior and inferior AMI when aVR ST elevation was present (11.5% vs. 13.2%, respectively, P = 0.51 with 1 mm and 23.5% vs. 22.5% respectively, P = 0.84 with >= 1.5 mm ST elevation). After fibrinolytic therapy, resolution of ST elevation in aVR to < 1 mm was associated with lower mortality, while new ST elevation >= 1 mm was associated with higher mortality. aVR ST elevation is an important adverse prognostic sign in AMI.
Prospective Quality Initiative to Maximize Dysphagia Screening Reduces Hospital-Acquired Pneumonia Prevalence in Patients With Stroke; Background and Purpose Dysphagia can lead to pneumonia and subsequent death after acute stroke. However, no prospective study has demonstrated reduced pneumonia prevalence after implementation of a dysphagia screen. Methods We performed a single-center prospective interrupted time series trial of a quality initiative to improve dysphagia screening. Subjects included all patients with ischemic or hemorrhagic stroke admitted to our institution over 42 months with a 31-month (n=1686) preintervention and an 11-month (n=648) postintervention period. The intervention consisted of a dysphagia protocol with a nurse-administered bedside dysphagia screen and a reflexive rapid clinical swallow evaluation by a speech pathologist. Results The dysphagia initiative increased the percentage of patients with stroke screened from 39.3% to 74.2% (P<0.001). Furthermore, this initiative coincided with a drop in hospital-acquired pneumonia from 6.5% to 2.8% among patients with stroke (P<0.001). Patients admitted postinitiative had 57% lower odds of pneumonia, after controlling for multiple confounds (odds ratio=0.43; confidence interval, 0.255-0.711; P=0.0011). The best predictors of pneumonia were stroke type (P<0.0001), oral intake status (P<0.0001), dysphagia screening status (P=0.0037), and hospitalization before the beginning of the quality improvement initiative (P=0.0449). Conclusions A quality improvement initiative using a nurse-administered bedside screen with rapid bedside swallow evaluation by a speech pathologist improves screening compliance and correlates with decreased prevalence of pneumonia among patients with stroke.
Value of the electrocardiogram in predicting left ventricular enlargement and dysfunction after myocardial infarction; PURPOSE: To identify electrocardiographic predictors of left ventricular enlargement or persistent dysfunction following a myocardial infarction. METHODS: Baseline and predischarge 12-lead electrocardiograms (ECGs) from 272 patients with anterior myocardial infarction who were enrolled in the Healing and Early Afterload Reducing Therapy trial were evaluated and related to echocardiographic data obtained at baseline and day 90. ST-segment elevation, QRS score, and number of negative T waves were assessed at both time points. The majority of patients (87%; n = 237) received reperfusion therapy. Multivariate models were used to adjust for potential confounders, including maximal creatine kinase level and ejection fraction at baseline. RESULTS: None of the baseline electrocardiographic variables independently predicted ventricular enlargement or recovery of function. In contrast, the sum of ST- and maximum ST-segment elevation, and the number of leads with ST-segment elevation greater than or equal to1 mm in the predischarge ECG, were independent predictors of ventricular enlargement from baseline to day 90. Each lead with ST-segment elevation greater than or equal to1 mm was associated with 3.5 mL of ventricular enlargement (95% confidence interval [Cl]: 1.6 to 5.5 mL; R <0.0001). Similarly, the sum of ST-segment elevation (odds ratio [OR] = 0.78; 95% CI: 0.69 to 0.89; P <0.0001), the maximum ST-segment elevation (OR = 0..25; 95%CI:0.13 to 0.45; P<0.0001), and the number of leads with ST-segment elevation greater than or equal to1 mm (OR = 0.58; 95% CI:0.45 to 0.74; P <0.0001) were independently associated with a lower likelihood of recovery of function at day 90. CONCLUSION: Predischarge ECG may be a useful tool for early identification of patients at risk of ventricular enlargement and persistent dysfunction following myocardial infarction. (C) 2003 by Excerpta Medica Inc.
A cross sectional study of anemia and iron deficiency as risk factors for arsenic-induced skin lesions in Bangladeshi women; Background: In the Ganges Delta, chronic arsenic poisoning is a health concern affecting millions of people who rely on groundwater as their potable water source. The prevalence of anemia is also high in this region, particularly among women. Moreover, arsenic is known to affect heme synthesis and erythrocytes and the risk of arsenic-induced skin lesions appears to differ by sex. Methods: We conducted a case-control study in 147 arsenic-exposed Bangladeshi women to assess the association between anemia and arsenic-induced skin lesions. Results: We observed that the odds of arsenic-related skin lesions were approximately three times higher among women who were anemic (hemoglobin < 120 g/L) compared to women with normal hemoglobin levels [Odds Ratio (OR) = 3.32, 95 % Confidence Intervals (CI): 1.29, 8.52] after adjusting for arsenic levels in drinking water and other covariates. Furthermore, 75 % of the women with anemia had adequate iron stores (serum ferritin = 12 mu g/L), suggesting that the majority of anemia detected in this population was unrelated to iron depletion. Conclusions: Considering the magnitude of arsenic exposure and prevalence of anemia in Bangladeshi women, additional research is warranted that identifies the causes of anemia so that effective interventions can be implemented while arsenic remediation efforts continue.
Prolonged Tpeak-to-Tend Interval on the Resting ECG Is Associated With Increased Risk of Sudden Cardiac Death; Background-Early studies indicate that prolongation of the interval between the peak and the end of the T wave (Tpeak to Tend [TpTe]) on the 12-lead ECG is a marker of ventricular arrhythmogenesis. However, community-based studies have not been conducted. Methods and Results-TpTe and other ECG predictors were evaluated in the ongoing Oregon Sudden Unexpected Death Study based in the Portland, Oregon, metropolitan area using a case-control design. Cases of sudden cardiac death (SCD) (n = 353; mean age, 66.6 years; 95% CI, 65.1 to 68.1 years; 67% men) were compared with living controls with coronary artery disease (n = 342; mean age, 64.7 years; 95% CI, 63.4 to 66.0 years; 69% men) from the same region. Analysis of TpTe and selected ECG intervals was limited to sinus rhythm 12-lead ECGs. For cases, these were obtained before and unrelated to SCD. Independent-samples t tests and multiple logistic regression were used. Mean TpTe was significantly greater in cases (89.4 ms; 95% CI, 87.7 to 91.2 ms; P < 0.0001) than in controls (76.1 ms; 95% CI, 74.8 to 77.4 ms). The other ECG intervals (corrected QT interval [QTc], QRS duration [QRSD], and TpTe/QT ratio) also were significantly prolonged among cases versus controls (P <= 0.01). TpTe remained a significant predictor of SCD after adjusting for age, sex, QTc, QRSD, and left ventricular function. Odds of SCD increased more with a 1-SD increase in TpTe (12 ms) among subjects with prolonged QRSD (odds ratio, 3.49; 95% CI, 2.06 to 5.91) than with a 1-SD increase in TpTe among subjects with normal QRSD (odds ratio, 1.96; 95% CI, 1.65 to 2.32). TpTe remained significantly associated with SCD in subjects with normal QTc. Conclusions-Prolongation of the TpTe interval measured in lead V5 was independently associated with SCD, with particular utility when the QTc was normal or not measurable because of prolonged QRSD. (Circ Arrhythm Electrophysiol. 2011; 4: 441-447.)
Effect of dietary copper supplementation on cell composition and apoptosis in atherosclerotic lesions of cholesterol-fed rabbits; We have previously shown that dietary copper supplementation modulates the formation of atherosclerotic lesions in the cholesterol-fed rabbit. In the present study, we have investigated the effects of copper supplementation on the cellular composition and characteristics of atherosclerotic lesions in cholesterol-fed NZW rabbits. Rabbits received a 1% cholesterol diet with or without 0.02% copper acetate (containing 12 and 0.3 mg copper per 106 g diet, respectively) for 12 weeks. The tunica intima was significantly smaller in the animals receiving copper supplements (0.016+/-0.005 vs. 0.068+/-0.019 min, P < 0.05) and this was accompanied by a significant increase in aortic copper content (4.0+/-0.8 vs. 1.8+/-0.2 mu g/g tissue, P < 0.05). The percentage area staining for smooth muscle cells (HHF-35 positive) was significantly lower in the intima of animals receiving copper supplements (7.13+/-1.02 vs. 9.72+/-0.82%, P<0.05). However, there were no significant differences in area staining for macrophages (RAM-11 positive) between groups (22.6+/-7.9 vs. 23.3+/-4.9%). There were also significantly fewer apoptotic cells (0.96+/-0.33 vs. 2.54+/-0.56%, P<0.005) in the aortic intima from animals supplemented with copper, but no difference in the number of proliferating cells. However, there was a reduction in intimal collagen staining (Sirius red positivity) in the animals receiving a copper supplement. Taken together, these data show that dietary copper can significantly affect the composition and progression of atherosclerotic lesions. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Coronary Collateral Growth Induced by Physical Exercise Results of the Impact of Intensive Exercise Training on Coronary Collateral Circulation in Patients With Stable Coronary Artery Disease (EXCITE) Trial; Background -A well-developed coronary collateral circulation provides a potential source of blood supply in coronary artery disease. However, the prognostic importance and functional relevance of coronary collaterals is controversial with the association between exercise training and collateral growth still unclear. Methods and Results - This prospective, open-label study randomly assigned 60 patients with significant coronary artery disease (fractional flow reserve 0.75) to high-intensity exercise (group A, 20 patients) or moderate-intensity exercise (group B, 20 patients) for 4 weeks or to a control group (group C, 20 patients). The primary end point was the change of the coronary collateral flow index (CFI) after 4 weeks. Analysis was based on the intention to treat. After 4 weeks, baseline CFI increased significantly by 39.4% in group A (from 0.1420.07 at beginning to 0.1980.09 at 4 weeks) in comparison with 41.3% in group B (from 0.143 +/- 0.06 to 0.202 +/- 0.09), whereas CFI in the control group remained unchanged (0.7%, from 0.149 +/- 0.09 to 0.150 +/- 0.08). High-intensity exercise did not lead to a greater CFI than moderate-intensity training. After 4 weeks, exercise capacity, Vo(2) peak and ischemic threshold increased significantly in group A and group B in comparison with group C with no difference between group A and group B. Conclusions - A significant improvement in CFI was demonstrated in response to moderate- and high-intensity exercise performed for 10 hours per week.
Cognitive disorders in elderly patients with permanent atrial fibrillation; Background: Atrial fibrillation (AF) is a risk factor for development of thromboembolic events with an annual stroke rate of 4.5%. In subjects over 80 years AF is the single leading cause of major stroke. Moreover, about 25% of patients with AF in the absence of neurological deficits have tomographic signs of one or more silent cerebral infarcts. Aim: To investigate whether cognitive function in patients with permanent AF is significantly worse than in patients with sinus rhythm. Methods: We included subjects aged > 65 years, without previous cerebrovascular events or dementia, with permanent arrhythmia lasting > 12 months. The AF group comprised 51 patients, aged 75.8 years. The control group consisted of 43 patients with sinus rhythm. The main points of the study protocol were: clinical history recording, physical examination, biochemical analyses, standard 12-lead ECG and transthoracic echocardiography. Cognitive status was assessed by Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE). Results: Patients had established AF with a median duration of 4.9 years (range 1-21 years). Of the 51 patients, 51% had hypertension, 37% coronary artery disease, 12% presented sick sinus syndrome or atrioventricular advanced block with a VVI pacemaker implanted. There were no significant differences between the two groups though AF patients presented left ventricular hypertrophy and history of myocardial infarction more frequently. Patients in the sinus group had a lower-risk profile and received antithrombotic therapy less frequently than the AF group. However, a significant proportion of patients, particularly in the AF group received less than optimal thromboembolic prophylactic treatment with anticoagulants. Cognitive status was found to be significantly lower in the AF group, compared with the sinus rhythm group: 24.8 +/- 3.1 vs. 27.1 +/- 2.6 (p < 0.05). There were 43% patients with cognitive impairment in the AF group and 14% in the sinus rhythm group. Conclusions: Permanent AF in patients aged over 65 years seems to be associated with lower MMSE score compared with subjects with sinus rhythm. Cognitive impairment in older patients is a multifactorial disorder. One of the causes of low cognitive function in these patients appears to be permanent AF Further prospective clinical trials should help determine the possible role of inadequate anticoagulant treatment, and its association with the deterioration of cognitive function in AF patients.
SIMULTANEOUS TRANSESOPHAGEAL ATRIAL-PACING AND TRANSESOPHAGEAL 2-DIMENSIONAL ECHOCARDIOGRAPHY - A NEW METHOD OF STRESS ECHOCARDIOGRAPHY; The diagnostic use of exercise echocardiography has been widely reported. However, transthoracic exercise echocardiography is inadequate in up to 20% of patients because of poor image quality related to exercise. In an attempt to overcome these limitations, a system was developed in which transesophageal echocardiography is combined with simultaneous transesophageal atrial pacing by means of the same probe. In a prospective study, transesophageal echocardiography was performed before, during and immediately after maximal atrial pacing in 50 patients with suspected coronary artery disease. Results of transesophageal stress echocardiography were considered abnormal when new pacing-induced regional wall motion abnormalities were observed. Correlative routine bicycle exercise testing was carried out in 44 patients. Cardiac catheterization was performed in all patients. The success rate in obtaining high quality diagnostic images was 100% by transesophageal echocardiography. All nine  patients without angiographic evidence of coronary artery disease had a normal result on the transesophageal stress echocardiogram (100% specificity). Thirty-eight of 41 patients with coronary artery disease (defined as .gtoreq. 50% luminal diameter narrowing of at least one major vessel) had an abnormal result on the transesophageal stress echocardiogram (93% sensitivity). The sensitivity of the technique for one, two or three vessel disease was 85%, 100% and 100%, respectively, compared with 44%, 50% and 83%, respectively, for bicycle exercise testing; the 12 lead electrocardiogram (ECG) during rapid atrial pacing showed a sensitivity of 25%, 64% and 86%, respectively. Thus, rapid atrial pacing combined with simultaneous transesophageal echocardiography is a highly specific and sensitive technique for the detection of coronary artery disease. Ischemia-induced wall motion abnormalities were detected earlier than observed ECG changes. The technique appears to be particularly suited to patients who are unable to perform an active stress test or those with poor quality transthoracic echocardiograms.
Type 1 and 2 Myocardial Infarction and Myocardial Injury: Clinical Transition to High-Sensitivity Cardiac Troponin I; BACKGROUND: Studies addressing patients with type 2 myocardial infarction and myocardial injury, including the impact of using high-sensitivity (hs) cardiac troponin (cTn) assays on their incidence are needed. METHODS: Ours is a prospective, observational US cohort study. Consecutive emergency department patients with serial cTnI measurements were studied. Outcomes included 180-day mortality and major adverse cardiac events, including 2-year follow-up for those with myonecrosis. RESULTS: Among 1640 patients, using a contemporary cTnI assay, 30% (n = 497) had >= 1 cTnI >99th percentile, with 4.7% (n = 77), 8.5% (n = 140), and 17% (n = 280) classified as type 1 myocardial infarction, type 2 myocardial infarction, and myocardial injury, respectively. Compared with patients without myonecrosis, 180-day mortality was higher for type 2 myocardial infarction (4% vs 13%, P < .0001) (adjusted hazard ratio 2.7; 95% confidence interval, 1.6-4.8; P = .0005) and myocardial injury (4% vs 11%, P < .0001) (adjusted hazard ratio 1.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-3.0; P = .02), both with mortality >20% at 2 years. Predictors of 2-year mortality for type 2 myocardial infarction included age, congestive heart failure, and beta-blockers. Relative to the contemporary cTnI assay, hs-cTnI had less myonecrosis (30% vs 26%, P = .003) and acute myocardial infarction (13.2% vs 10.8%, P = .032), including fewer type 2 myocardial infarctions (8.5% vs 6.3, P = .01), with no difference in myocardial injury (17% vs 15%, P = .1). CONCLUSIONS: cTnI increases are encountered in approximately a third of patients, the majority due to nonatherothrombotic conditions. Compared with patients without myonecrosis, type 2 myocardial infarction and myocardial injury have worse short-term outcomes, with mortality rates >20% at 2 years. hs-cTnI assay does not lead to more myocardial injury or infarction. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Air Versus Oxygen in ST-Segment-Elevation Myocardial Infarction; Background-Oxygen is commonly administered to patients with ST-elevation-myocardial infarction despite previous studies suggesting a possible increase in myocardial injury as a result of coronary vasoconstriction and heightened oxidative stress. Methods and Results-We conducted a multicenter, prospective, randomized, controlled trial comparing oxygen (8 L/min) with no supplemental oxygen in patients with ST-elevation-myocardial infarction diagnosed on paramedic 12-lead ECG. Of 638 patients randomized, 441 patients had confirmed ST-elevation-myocardial infarction and underwent primary end-point analysis. The primary end point was myocardial infarct size as assessed by cardiac enzymes, troponin I, and creatine kinase. Secondary end points included recurrent myocardial infarction, cardiac arrhythmia, and myocardial infarct size assessed by cardiac magnetic resonance imaging at 6 months. Mean peak troponin was similar in the oxygen and no oxygen groups (57.4 versus 48.0 mu g/L; ratio, 1.20; 95% confidence interval, 0.92-1.56; P= 0.18). There was a significant increase in mean peak creatine kinase in the oxygen group compared with the no oxygen group (1948 versus 1543 U/L; means ratio, 1.27; 95% confidence interval, 1.04-1.52; P= 0.01). There was an increase in the rate of recurrent myocardial infarction in the oxygen group compared with the no oxygen group (5.5% versus 0.9%; P= 0.006) and an increase in frequency of cardiac arrhythmia (40.4% versus 31.4%; P= 0.05). At 6 months, the oxygen group had an increase in myocardial infarct size on cardiac magnetic resonance (n= 139; 20.3 versus 13.1 g; P= 0.04). Conclusion-Supplemental oxygen therapy in patients with ST-elevation-myocardial infarction but without hypoxia may increase early myocardial injury and was associated with larger myocardial infarct size assessed at 6 months.
Relationship of fragmented QRS with prognostic markers and long-term major adverse cardiac events in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass graft surgery; BackgroundFragmented QRS (fQRS) complex is associated with increased sudden cardiac death, recurrent cardiovascular events, morbidity and mortality. However, the prognostic role of fQRS has not been comprehensively studied in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. In this study, we planned to investigate the relationship of fQRS with prognostic markers and long-term major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs) following isolated CABG surgery.MethodsTwo hundred and thirteen patients who underwent CABG surgery at our institution were enrolled consecutively. MACE was defined as cardiac death, recurrent myocardial infarction, decompensated heart failure and re-hospitalization. The patients were followed up for a mean duration of 2610 months for MACE.ResultsPatients with fQRS had a higher rate of Q wave on ECG (30 vs. 10%, P<0.001), more prolonged QRS time (99 +/- 11 vs. 88 +/- 13ms, P<0.001), higher EUROSCORE (4.0 +/- 1.9 vs. 2.7 +/- 1.5, P<0.001) and lower left ventricular ejection fraction (44 +/- 12 vs. 56 +/- 12, P<0.001) in comparison with patients with non-fQRS. In addition, patients with fQRS had increased short-term and long-term MACE (17 vs. 4%, P=0.002; 23 vs. 6%, P<0.001, respectively) after discharge. Sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, negative predictive value and diagnostic accuracy of fQRS for predicting MACE were 67, 71, 23, 94 and 70%, respectively. fQRS [odds ratio (OR) 3.110, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.157-8.362, P=0.025] and prolonged QRS duration (>100ms) (OR 3.898, 95% CI 1.463-10.39, P=0.007) were the only independent predictors of long-term MACE in multivariate logistic regression analysis. However, QRS duration had a better association with MACE than the presence of fQRS.ConclusionfQRS and prolonged QRS duration may have an additional value in predicting cardiac status and long-term prognosis. Fragmentations on admission ECG and prolonged QRS duration may be useful for identifying patients with higher long-term risk who will need more intense treatment and close follow-up after CABG surgery.
Hair mercury level in smokers and its influence on blood pressure and lipid metabolism; Object: Smoking is a major risk factor for the development and progression of cardiovascular disease and cigarettes contain a slight amount of mercury. Mercury has been causally linked to cardiovascular diseases. This study evaluated the mercury content in hair according to smoking exposure status and the influence of the mercury level on blood pressure and lipid metabolism. Methods: We examined mercury concentration in the hair samples from 236 healthy people 16-75-years-of-age who had visited the health promotion center of a university hospital from January 2004 to January 2007. Self-reported cigarette smoking status and baseline health information were obtained using a questionnaire. Blood pressure and serum lipid level according to the mercury concentration were assessed. Results: The mean systolic blood pressure in the smoking exposure group and non-exposure group were 123.2 +/- 15.4 mmHg and 117.2 +/- 15.9 mmHg, respectively (p = 0.005). The mean diastolic pressure in the smoking exposure group and non-exposed group were 80.2 +/- 10.9 mmHg and 75.1 +/- 11.3 mmHg, respectively (p < 0.001). Mercury concentration had a positive relationship with systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Compared with the normal and high mercury groups, the normal mercury group demonstrated lower blood pressure, lower triglyceride, and lower smoking amount, but higher high density lipoprotein cholesterol than the high mercury group. There was an increase of mercury concentration in the smoking exposure group. The 20-29 packyear group showed significantly increased odds ratio of mercury content, compared with the non-exposure group (14.00, 95% confidence interval, 5.03-38.96). Conclusions: Smoking is positively associated with mercury accumulation, and high mercury concentration is associated with increased blood pressure and abnormal lipid metabolism. (C) 2013 Published by Elsevier B.V.
IMPORTANCE OF 15 LEAD ECG; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Posterior wall myocardial infarction is not uncommon acute myocardial infarction and has got its own therapeutic and prognostic implications. Management of Posterior wall myocardial infarction differs from inferior wall myocardial infarction alone. The presence of posterior wall myocardial infarction is known to increase the incidence of cardiogenic shock, arrhythmias and conduction blocks in case of myocardial infarction. Hence the present study was taken up to find out the incidence, clinical profile and complications of posterior wall myocardial infarction in a rural hospital using simple non-invasive investigations like 15 lead electrocardiography and echocardiography. METHODS: A prospective study was conducted on 50 patients of inferior wall myocardial infarction out of 228 Acute Myocardial Infarction proved by ECG standard and posterior leads (v7, v8, v9) were taken at the time of admission and repeated as necessary. A detailed case history was taken and a detailed physical examination was done at the time of admission and during follow up. For recording ECG 12 lead (3 standard leads, 3 augmented limb leads, 6 precordial leads) machine was used. The recordings were made at 25 mm/ sec. speed and 1mV=10mm. Posterior leads were taken by using 3 precordial leads fixing on the posterior axillary (v7), infrascapular (v8) and paraspinal (v9) regions all in a same line with the 5th ICS anteriorly. RESULTS: Out of 50 cases of inferior wall myocardial infarction (IWMI) studied only 13 (26%) had ST elevation in posterior leads indicating posterior wall myocardial infarction (PWMI). Our study showed that complications and mortality was higher in patients of IWMI with PWMI compared to IWMI without PWMI. Out of 50 patients 33 (66%) were males indicating a male predominance. Syncope was present in 18% of PWMI and 14% in overall IWMI. Palpitation was seen in 53% of PWMI and 21% of IWMI without PWMI. Smoking history was present in 14% of the patients with IWMI where as it was 42% in patients of PWMI. History of alcoholism was present in 22% of IWMI patients and 38% in the patients of PWMI and 6% in IWMI without PWMI. Diabetes was seen in 30% of PWMI patients where as it was 35% in patients IWMI without PWMI and 34% overall. Hypotension was present in 46% of PWMI and 16% of IWMI without PWMI. Ventricular fibrillation was seen in 8% of PWMI and 2.8% of patients of IWMI without PWMI. Heart blocks were seen in 15% of PWMI and in 10% of patients of IWMI without PWMI. Mortality was 23% in PWMI and 10% in patients of IWMI without PWMI. INTERPRETATION AND CONCLUSION: The incidence of mortality and complications can be reduced only when we are fully aware of diagnosis and complications that can occur in PWMI. So, in all cases of IWMI, PWMI should be looked for by using simple and specific investigation like Posterior leads ECG. It should be kept in mind that incidence of complications like hypotension, conduction defects and arrhythmias are very high in PWMI and hence early detection is important.
Prognostic value of fragmented QRS on a 12-lead ECG in patients with acute myocardial infarction; Objective: To investigate the determinants and the prognostic value of fragmented QRS (fQRS) after AMI. Patients and methods: Prospective cohort of 307 consecutive patients with AMI. Main outcomes measured: MACE (death plus non-fatal recurrent MI), hospitalization for an episode of heart failure, ventricular arrhythmia (VT or VF) at two years follow-up. Results: On the serial 12-lead ECG recorded during the in-hospital stay, 162 (53%) had no fQRS (no fQRS group). 145 (47%) presented an fQRS, which was persistent in 108 (34%) patients (persistent NITS group) and transient in 37 (12%) patients (transient fQRS group). Patients with a fragmented QRS (transient or persistent) were older, more likely to be hypertensive and less likely to be smokers than were patients without fQRS. By multivariate logistic regression analysis, only hypertension (OR (95% CI): 1.66 (1.00-2.74); p = 0.047) was associated with an fQRS. During a mean follow-up of 846 +/- 297 days, there were 82 MACE recorded: 17 patients died from a CV cause (10% event rate) among patients without fQRS, 22 (20% event rate) among patients with persistent fQRS and 3 (8% event rate) among patients with transient fQRS. Similarly, non-fatal recurrent MI occurred more frequently in patients with fQRS (18 (16%) and 10(27%)) for persistent and transient fQRS, respectively, vs. 16 (10%) in the no fQRS group (p = 0.019). However, the occurrence of heart failure symptoms and ventricular arrhythmia was not significantly different (p = 0.162 and p = 0.242, respectively). Survival analysis by the Kaplan-Meier method showed a significant difference (log rank p = 0.026) between groups, and only persistent fQRS was associated with decreased survival. In multivariate cox regression analysis, the GRACE score, blood glucose on. admission, and B-blockers in the acute phase were independent predictors of MACE at two years. fQRS was not a significant independent predictor of MACE (HR (95% Cl): 1.57 (0.95-2.60); p = 0.08). Moreover, fQRS was not a predictor of heart failure or ventricular arrhythmia in univariate analysis. Conclusions: Persistent fQRS on a 12-lead ECG is a marker of decreased survival after AMI, whereas transient fQRS correlates with recurrent MI. Crown Copyright (C) 2013 Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Role of exercise cardiogoniometry in coronary artery disease diagnostics; Background The use of noninvasive diagnostics in coronary artery disease remains underdeveloped. To date, there is no simple and inexpensive method that can lead to a reliable diagnosis. Aside from costly and elaborate imaging techniques, exercise ECG, with its rather moderate sensitivity and specificity, is the main diagnostic method available. Methods In this prospective study of 109 patients, the diagnostic value of cardiogoniometry (CGM), a three-dimensional, computer-analyzed vector cardiogram, was determined before and after physical stress, and the results were compared with those obtained from a stress test. We also investigated whether the sensitivity and specificity of the classical bicycle stress test could be increased with the addition of measurements obtained by CGM. Coronary angiography was used as a reference method. Results CGM had a sensitivity of 39% at rest and 42% after physical stress and a specificity of 63% at rest and 57% after stress. This method was found to be markedly inferior to pre-test probability (sensitivity 53%, specificity 81%), stress ECG (sensitivity 52%, specificity 81%), and resting ECG (sensitivity 50%, specificity 64%). The efficiency of exercise ECG testing was not improved by use of CGM results. Conclusion If CGM is to be established as a viable diagnostic method in daily clinical practice, it must undergo further development.
Electrical risk score beyond the left ventricular ejection fraction: prediction of sudden cardiac death in the Oregon Sudden Unexpected Death Study and the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study; Aims There is an urgent need to extend sudden cardiac death (SCD) risk stratification beyond the left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF). We evaluated whether a cumulative electrocardiogram (ECG) risk score would improve identification of individuals at high risk of SCD Methods and results In the community-based Oregon Sudden Unexpected Death Study (catchment population similar to 1 million), 522 SCD cases with archived 12-lead ECG available (65.3 +/- 14.5 years, 66% male) were compared with 736 geographical controls to assess the incremental value of multiple ECG parameters in SCD prediction. Heart rate, LV hypertrophy, QRS transition zone, QRS-T angle, QTc, and Tpeak-to-Tend interval remained significant in the final model, which was externally validated in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study. Sixteen percent of cases and 3% of controls had >= 4 abnormal ECG markers. After adjusting for clinical factors and LVEF, increasing ECG risk score was associated with progressively greater odds of SCD. Overall, subjects with >= 4 ECG abnormalities had an odds ratio (OR) of 21.2 for SCD [95% confidence interval (CI) 9.4-47.7; P < 0.001]. In the LVEF >35% subgroup, the OR was 26.1 (95% CI 9.9-68.5; P < 0.001). The ECG risk score increased the C-statistic from 0.625 to 0.753 (P < 0.001), with net reclassification improvement of 0.319 (P < 0.001). In the ARIC cohort validation, risk of SCD associated with >= 4 ECG abnormalities remained significant after multivariable adjustment (hazard ratio 4.84; 95% CI 2.34-9.99; P < 0.001; C-statistic improvement 0.759-0.774; P = 0.019) Conclusion This novel cumulative ECG risk score was independently associated with SCD and was particularly effective for LVEF >35% where risk stratification is currently unavailable. These findings warrant further evaluation in prospective clinical investigations.
Prediction of significant left main coronary artery stenosis by the 12-lead electrocardiogram in patients with rest angina pectoris and the withholding of clopidogrel therapy; We report the prospective use of an electrocardiographic sign-lead aVR ST-segment elevation greater than that seen in lead V-1-in patients with an acute coronary syndrome as a method to prompt early angiography, to withhold clopidogrel therapy, and to perform urgent coronary bypass surgery leading to successful clinical outcomes. (C) 2003 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
Long-term exposure to methylmercury and its effects on hypertension in Minamata; Recent studies suggest potential adverse effects of methylmercury exposure on cardiovascular disease, although the evidence of association with hypertension is still inconsistent. Therefore, we evaluated the effects of methylmercury exposure on hypertension in Minamata. We used data derived from the 1971 population-based survey in Minamata and neighboring communities. We also utilized data on hair mercury content of the participants (derived from a 1960 investigation). We adopted two exposure indices (residential area and hair mercury content) and two hypertension outcomes (past history of hypertension and hypertension defined by measurements in the examination). Then, we estimated the adjusted prevalence odds ratio (POR) and its confidence interval (CI) of both hypertension outcomes in relation to residential area and hair mercury content. In the Minamata area (high exposure area), 87% (833) of the eligible population (aged >= 10 years) participated in the 1971 investigations. In the Goshonoura area (middle exposure area) and the Ariake area (low exposure area), 93% (1450) and 77% (755), respectively, of the eligible population participated. Compared with subjects in the Ariake area, the subjects in the Minamata area manifested hypertension more frequently, and PORs observed for two hypertension outcomes were 1.6 (95% CI: 1.2-2.1) and 1.4 (95% CI: 1.1-1.9), respectively. Furthermore, dose-response trends with hair mercury content were observed for both hypertension outcomes. The present finding supports the causal relationship between methylmercury exposure and hypertension. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Postprocedural single-lead ST-segment deviation and long-term mortality in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction treated by primary angioplasty; Objective: To evaluate the prognostic role of postprocedural single-lead residual ST-segment deviation for electrocardiographic evaluation of myocardial perfusion in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) treated by primary angioplasty. Design: Prospective observational clinical cohort study. Setting: Tertiary referral centre. Patients: 1660 patients treated with primary angioplasty for STEMI. Main outcome measure: Mortality at 1-year follow-up. Results: Single-lead ST-segment deviation significantly correlated with infarct size, predischarge ejection fraction, distal embolisation and myocardial blush grade 3. At 1-year follow-up, 63 patients had died. The method correlated well with 1-year mortality. At multivariate analysis, after correction for baseline demographic, clinical and angiographic variables, postprocedural single-lead ST-segment deviation showed better accuracy than residual single-lead ST-segment elevation or resolution and residual 12-lead ST-segment deviation. Conclusions: This study showed that maximal residual ST-segment deviation in a single lead at 3 hours after the procedure is an easy and accurate predictor of 1-year mortality after primary angioplasty for STEMI.
Do you really know sleep apnea in obese patients?; Obesity is known to predispose to obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), a condition characterized by repeated episodes of apnea or hypopnea during sleep, due to the interruption of airflow 3S38 through the nose and mouth. These episodes lead to the fragmentation of sleep and to decrease in oxyhaemoglobin saturation. Patients with massive obesity, with or without daytime hypersomnolence should be systematically screened for OSA, because many of them appear to be asymptomatic and unaware of their breathing abnormalities during sleep. Polysomnography (PSG) in an attended hospital laboratory setting is the gold standard for the diagnosis of OSA. However portable recording devices can be used for screening with good sensibility and specificity, and even for diagnosis when the apnea-hypopnea index is high. However the final diagnosis can only be carried out in a sleep laboratory using PSG by highly-qualified personnel, because of the limitations of the portable recording device. There is a strong association between OSA and the risk of traffic accidents. It has been established that OSA affects quality of life. There is also increasing evidence that OSA is an independent risk factor for cardio-vascular diseases. This has been successfully demonstrated for hypertension by prospective studies. But the evidence remains weak for myocardial infarction, stroke or mortality. Treating OSA with continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is the treatment of choice. CPAP improves quality of life, driving simulator performance, blood pressure and sleepiness, as demonstrated by randomised placebo controlled trials. The majority of obese OSA patients are currently not being offered diagnosis testing and treatment. It's a real challenge due to the epidemic increase of obesity prevalence. Portable recording devices could be available outside the sleep laboratory in nutrition department, where morbid obesity is treated. This emphasizes the need for a real collaboration between these departments and sleep experts.
A Prospective Study of Arsenic Exposure, Arsenic Methylation Capacity, and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease in Bangladesh; BACKGROUND: Few prospective studies have evaluated the influence of arsenic methylation capacity on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the association of arsenic exposure from drinking water and arsenic methylation capacity with CVD risk. METHOD: We conducted a case-cohort study of 369 incident fatal and nonfatal cases of CVD, including 211 cases of heart disease and 148 cases of stroke, and a subcohort of 1,109 subjects randomly selected from the 11,224 participants in the Health Effects of Arsenic Longitudinal Study (HEALS). RESULTS: The adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) for all CVD, heart disease, and stroke in association with a 1-SD increase in baseline well-water arsenic (112 mu g/L) were 1.15 (95% CI: 1.01, 1.30), 1.20 (95% CI: 1.04, 1.38), and 1.08 (95% CI: 0.90, 1.30), respectively. aHRs for the second and third tertiles of percentage urinary monomethylarsonic acid (MMA%) relative to the lowest tertile, respectively, were 1.27 (95% CI: 0.85, 1.90) and 1.55 (95% CI: 1.08, 2.23) for all CVD, and 1.65 (95% CI: 1.05, 2.60) and 1.61 (95% CI: 1.04, 2.49) for heart disease specifically. The highest versus lowest ratio of urinary dimethylarsinic acid (DMA) to MMA was associated with a significantly decreased risk of CVD (aHR = 0.54; 95% CI: 0.34, 0.85) and heart disease (aHR = 0.54; 95% CI: 0.33, 0.88). There was no significant association between arsenic metabolite indices and stroke risk. The effects of incomplete arsenic methylation capacity-indicated by higher urinary MMA% or lower urinary DMA%/-with higher levels of well-water arsenic on heart disease risk were additive. There was some evidence of a synergy of incomplete methylation capacity with older age and cigarette smoking. CONCLUSIONS: Arsenic exposure from drinking water and the incomplete methylation capacity of arsenic were adversely associated with heart disease risk
Impact of Chronic Total Coronary Occlusion on Microvascular Reperfusion in Patients With a First Anterior ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction; Background. We investigated an impact of the presence of chronic total coronary occlusion (CTO) in a non-infarct related coronary artery on microvascular reperfusion in patients with a first anterior ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods. In accordance with the presence or absence of CTO in a non-infarct related coronary artery, we analyzed Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction myocardial perfusion (TMP) grade on a scale of 0 to 3, with higher scores indicating better perfusion, and ST-segment resolution in sum of lead I, aVL, and V1 through V6 to evaluate microvascular reperfusion in a total of 140 consecutive patients with a first anterior STEMI. Results. We identified CTO in 15 patients (11% of total). The incidence of impaired microvascular reperfusion was greater in patients with CTO vs without CTO, defined as TMP grades 0 or 1 together with <30% ST-segment resolution (33% vs 6%, respectively; P=.0006) and the enzymatic infarct was larger (10304 +/- 8060 IU/L vs 6804 +/- 4959 IU/L; P=.009). Logistic regression analysis revealed that CTO is closely associated with incidental impaired microvascular reperfusion (odds ratio, 6.801; 95% confidence interval, 1.284-36.209; P=.024). Conclusion. The presence of CTO in a non-infarct related coronary artery might confer a considerable disadvantage upon microvascular reperfusion and result in adverse clinical outcomes of PCI for a first anterior STEMI. J INVASIVE CARDIOL 2012; 24(9): 428-432
ST-segment elevation in right precordial leads implies depressed right ventricular function after acute inferior myocardial infarction; Background The prognosis of acute inferior myocardial infarction is worse when it is complicated by right ventricular infarction. ST elevation in the right precordial leads is one of the reliable methods for detecting acute right ventricular infarction. The purpose of the study was to examine the relation between ST elevation in the right precordial electrocardiographic leads during acute inferior infarction and the severity of right ventricular systolic dysfunction. Methods This study analyzed the relation between ST elevation greater than or equal to 0.1 mV in V4R and the severity of right ventricular systolic dysfunction in 43 consecutive patients (men/women: 35/8; average age 62 +/- 9 years) with acute inferior myocardial infarction with a rapid-response Swan-Ganz catheter to measure the right ventricular ejection fraction (RVEF). Results RVEF was significantly lower in patients with ST elevation (n = 18) than in those without (n = 25) (33% +/- 6% vs 40% +/- 9%, p = 0.010). If the infarct-related lesion was located in the proximal right coronary artery, RVEF tended to be lower than if the lesion was located in the distal right coronary artery or the left circumflex coronary artery (33% +/- 10% vs 37% +/- 9% vs 42% +/- 9%, p = 0.101). Logistic regression analysis demonstrated that ST elevation in V4R was the only independent predictor of depressed RVEF (odds ratio = 5.31, 95% confidence interval = 1.28 to 22.1, p = 0.022). Conclusion ST elevation in lead V4R during acute inferior myocardial infarction predicts right ventricular systolic dysfunction.
The effects of estrogen in the cardiovascular system; Estrogen replacement therapy (ERT) has been established for the treatment of perimenopausal symptoms and postmenopausal prevention of osteoporosis. Clinical (not randomized) cohort studies have shown an association of a significantly reduced cardiovascular mortality with ERT. However, a first randomized, double-blind and placebo-controlled study (HERS) could not support these findings. However, this study is limited by the use of (heterogeneous) conjugated estrogens and combined progestin treatment because animal experiments demonstrated an inhibition of protective estrogen effects by progesterone. On the other hand, experimental and clinical findings demonstrated beneficial estrogen effects on lipid metabolism, lipid-peroxidation, smooth-muscle-cell proliferation, hemostasis, and vasomotion. Actually, several authors are discussing the mediation of estrogen's effects by vascular estrogen receptors. Recent findings on different subtypes of estrogen receptors (ER-alpha and ER-beta) may explain some antagonistic effects as proliferation in the one (endometrium) and anti-proliferation in the other (vascular wall) tissue. In this context, the exact detection of the mechanism(s) of estrogen action may probably lead to new approaches in the treatment of coronary artery disease.
Asian dust exposure triggers acute myocardial infarction; To elucidate whether Asian dust is associated with the incidence of acute myocardial infarction (AMI) and to clarify whether patients who are highly sensitive to Asian dust will develop AMI. Twenty-one participating institutions located throughout Kumamoto Prefecture and capable of performing coronary intervention were included in the study. Data for ground-level observations of Asian dust events were measured at the Kumamoto Local Meteorological Observatory. Data collected between 1 April 2010 and 31 March 2015 were analysed, and 3713 consecutive AMI patients were included. A time-stratified case-crossover design was applied to examine the association between Asian dust exposure and AMI. The occurrence of Asian dust events at 1 day before the onset of AMI was associated with the incidence of AMI [odds ratio (OR), 1.46; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.09-1.95] and especially, non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction was significant (OR 2.03; 95% CI, 1.30-3.15). A significant association between AMI and Asian dust was observed in patients with age 75 years, male sex, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, never-smoking status, and chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, Asian dust events had a great impact on AMI onset in patients with CKD (P < 0.01). A scoring system accounting for several AMI risk factors was developed. The occurrence of Asian dust events was found to be significantly associated with AMI incidence among patients with a risk score of 5-6 (OR 2.45; 95% CI: 1.14-5.27). Asian dust events may lead to AMI and have a great impact on its onset in patients with CKD.
Comparison of Standard versus Orthogonal ECG Leads for T-Wave Alternans Identification; T-wave alternans (TWA), an electrophysiologic phenomenon associated with ventricular arrhythmias, is usually detected from selected ECG leads. TWA amplitude measured in the 12-standard and the 3-orthogonal (vectorcardiographic) leads were compared here to identify which lead system yields a more adequate detection of TWA as a noninvasive marker for cardiac vulnerability to ventricular arrhythmias. Our adaptive match filter (AMF) was applied to exercise ECG tracings from 58 patients with an implanted cardiac defibrillator, 29 of which had ventricular tachycardia or fibrillation during follow-up (cases), while the remaining 29 were used as controls. Two kinds of TWA indexes were considered, the single-lead indexes, defined as the mean TWA amplitude over each lead (MTWAA), and lead-system indexes, defined as the mean and the maximum MTWAA values over the standard leads and over the orthogonal leads. Significantly (P < 0.05) higher TWA in the cases versus controls was identified only occasionally by the single-lead indexes (odds ratio: 1.09.9, sensitivity: 2476%, specificity: 7686%), and consistently by the lead-system indexes (odds ratio: 4.58.3, sensitivity: 5772%, specificity: 76%). The latter indexes also showed a significant correlation (0.650.83) between standard and orthogonal leads. Hence, when using the AMF, TWA should be detected in all leads of a system to compute the lead-system indexes, which provide a more reliable TWA identification than single-lead indexes, and a better discrimination of patients at increased risk of cardiac instability. The standard and the orthogonal leads can be considered equivalent for TWA identification, so that TWA analysis can be limited to one-lead system.
ELECTROCARDIOGRAPHIC TALL R-WAVES IN THE RIGHT PRECORDIAL LEADS - VECTORCARDIOGRAPHIC AND ELECTROCARDIOGRAPHIC DISTINCTION OF POSTERIOR MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION FROM PROMINENT ANTERIOR FORCES IN NORMAL SUBJECTS; ECG tall R waves in the right precordial leads may be present in patients with posterior wall myocardial infarction, right ventricular hypertrophy, various conduction disturbances, some forms of cardiomyopathy and in otherwise clinically normal subjects with prominent anterior forces. Since clinical uncertainty most often arises in distinguishing possible prior posterior myocardial infarction from the unusual normal variant, VCG and ECG were compared in 19 subjects with posterior infarction, with tracings from 11 subjects with no evidence of cardiac disease who had prominent anterior forces on routine examination. By VCG, the infarction group was characterized by smaller maximum posterior voltage in the horizontal plane, more anteriorly oriented T loop direction, more prolonged anterior QRS forces, more leftward frontal plane QRS maximum vector and associated evidence of diaphragmatic infarction. By standard ECG, the infarction group was characterized by isoelectric or upright T  waves in precordial lead V1, a more leftward frontal plane axis, and associated diaphragmatic infarction. Criteria for distinguishing between posterior wall myocardial infarction and prominent anterior forces in otherwise clinically normal subjects are suggested. These require prospective validation in an independent test population.
Prevalence and Factors Associated With False-Positive ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction Diagnoses at Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention-Capable Centers <i>A Report From the Activate</i>-<i>SF Registry</i>; Background: Rapid activation of the cardiac catheterization laboratory for primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) improves outcomes for ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI), but selected emphasis on minimizing time to reperfusion may lead to a greater frequency of false-positive activations. Methods: We analyzed consecutive patients referred for primary PCI for a possible STEMI at 2 centers from October 2008 to April 2011. "False-positive STEMI activation" was defined as lack of a culprit lesion by angiography or by assessment of clinical, electrocardiographic, and biomarker data in the absence of angiography. Clinical and electrocardiographic factors associated with false-positive activations were evaluated in a backward stepwise selection bootstrapped logistic regression model. Results: Of 411 STEMI activations by emergency physicians, 146 (36%) were deemed to be false-positive activations. Structural heart disease and heart failure were the most common diagnoses among false-positive activations. Electrocardiographic left ventricular hypertrophy (adjusted odds ratio [AOR], 3.15; 95% CI, 1.556.40; P = .001), a history of coronary disease (AOR, 1.93; 95% CI, 1.04-3.59; P = .04), or prior illicit drug abuse (AOR, 2.67; 95% CI, 1.13-6.26; P = .02) independently increased the odds of false-positive STEMI activations. Increasing body mass index decreased the odds of a false-positive activation (AOR, 0.91; 95% CI, 0.86-0.97; P =. 004), as did angina at presentation (AOR, 0.28; 95% CI, 0.14-0.57; P < .001). Conclusions: More than a third of patients referred for primary PCI from the emergency department did not have a STEMI. Multiple patient-level characteristics were significantly associated with an increased odds of false-positive STEMI activation.
Sudden unexpected death in epilepsy - Is death by seizures a cardiac disease?; Results: Sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP) gains more and more acknowledgment across the various interdisciplinary fields. Accordingly, we performed in a prospective setting a case-control study of all SUDEP cases in a well-defined part of Denmark (Nor-them Jutland), between January 1998 and September 2000. We attempted to look into the cardiopathologic mechanism behind this phenomenon by assessing the degree of myocardial fibrosis in SUDEP patients versus controls. The histologic evaluation was possible in 65% of the cases (15/23) whose death was attributed to SUDEP and in 71% (15/21) of controls. Forty percent of the SUDEP cases (6/15) presented several foci of fibrotic changes in the deep and subendocardial myocardium in contrast to 1 control (6.6%, P = 0.03). None of the subjects from the SUDEP group showed fibrotic changes in their conduction system as compared with 1 control (6.6%). The quantitative evaluation of fibrosis demonstrated a trend toward more fibrosis in the deep and subendocardial myocardium of the SUDEP cases. Forty percent of cases in the SUDEP group were men (6/15), characteristically young at time of death (mean age 38 years) and with a late epilepsy onset (mean age 21 years). Antemortem, 73% of the SUDEP patients (11/15) had experienced infrequent seizures (self-reported). We conclude that the SUDEP cases displayed significant fibrosis of the myocardium when this was assessed by qualitative means. This fibrosis may be the consequence of myocardial ischemia as a direct result of repetitive epileptic seizures, which, associated with the ictal sympathetic storm, may lead to lethal arrhythmias.
Intensified secondary prevention intending a reduction of recurrent events in TIA and minor stroke patients (INSPiRE-TMS): a protocol for a randomised controlled trial; Background: Patients with recent stroke or TIA are at high risk for new vascular events. Several evidence based strategies in secondary prevention of stroke are available but frequently underused. Support programs with multifactorial risk factor modifications after stroke or TIA have not been investigated in large-scale prospective controlled trials so far. INSPiRE-TMS is a prospective, multi-center, randomized open intervention trial for intensified secondary prevention after minor stroke and TIA. Methods/design: Patients with acute TIA or minor stroke admitted to the participating stroke centers are screened and recruited during in-hospital stay. Patients are randomised in a 1: 1 ratio to intervention (support program) and control (usual care) arms. Inclusion of 2.082 patients is planned. The support program includes cardiovascular risk factor measurement and feedback, monitoring of medication adherence, coaching in lifestyle modifications, and active involvement of relatives. Standardized motivational interviewing is used to assess and enhance patients' motivation. Primary objective is a reduction of new major vascular events defined as nonfatal stroke and myocardial infarction or vascular death. Recruitment time is planned for 3.5 years, follow up time is at least 2 years for every patient resulting in a total study time of 5 years (first patient in to last patient out). Discussion: Given the high risk for vascular re-events in acute stroke and the available effective strategies in secondary prevention, the INSPIRE-TMS support program has the potential to lead to a relevant reduction of recurrent events and a prolongation of the event-free survival time. The trial will provide the basis for the decision whether an intensified secondary prevention program after stroke should be implemented into regular care. A cost-effectiveness evaluation will be performed.
Are two really better than one? Empirical examination of repeat blood pressure measurements and stroke risk in the Renfrew/Pitisley and collaborative studies; Background and Purpose-Blood pressure measured on 2 occasions in 2 large prospective cohort studies in Scotland was related to stroke, defined as stroke mortality or hospital admission for stroke. The purpose was to investigate whether 2 blood pressure readings gave a more accurate estimate of stroke risk over a long follow-up period than 1 reading. Methods-In the 1970s, the Renfrew/Paisley general population study investigated 3060 men and 3502 women and the Collaborative study investigated 2683 employed men on 2 occasions. The mean years between screening were 4 and 5, respectively. Blood pressure measured on the 2 occasions was related to stroke risk in 17-year and 21-year follow-up periods after the second screening, respectively. Results-For both systolic and diastolic blood pressure, the mean of the measures on the 2 occasions, the maximum of the 2 measures and the measure corrected for regression dilution was more strongly related to stroke over the follow-up periods than either single measure. Conclusions-Two blood pressure measurements seem better than 1 for indicating stroke risk. Underestimation using single measures will lead to both misclassification of the risk of disease for individuals and also the population-attributable risk of disease associated with elevated blood pressure.
Estimated body surface potential maps in emergency department patients with unrecognized transient myocardial ischemia; Background: We report on 5 patients who presented to the emergency department (ED) with chest pain, had negative serum troponin levels, and were discharged with a presumed noncardiac diagnosis. Thereafter, retrospective analysis of Holler monitoring data recorded for a clinical trial revealed ST events indicative of transient myocardial ischeinia that was unrecognized clinically. Study Aim: The purpose of this analysis was to determine whether initial body surface potential maps estimated from optimal ischemia electrode sites estimated body surface potential map (EBSPM) showed signs of ischemia in the missed ischernia group that could have prevented misdiagnosis. Methods: This is a secondary analysis of data from a prospective clinical trial in which patients were attached to 2 Holler monitor devices for simultaneous recordings. One Holler device recorded a standard Mason-Likar 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) and the other recorded a 10-electrode lead set considered optimal for ischernia detection. A body surface potential map was then estimated from the optimal lead set. Results: At I year, 2 of the 5 patients with missed ischeinia died and a third had an acute myocardial infarction (MI) (40% mortality, 60% death/nonfatal MI). In comparison, 1-year mortality was 5.7% in 159 similar patients treated for unstable angina at the same institution over the same period (P =.037). The initial standard ECG showed no abnormalities in 3 patients and showed left ventricular hypertrophy in 1. The fifth patient with a history of recent MI had slight ST elevation in leads III and aVF and Q waves that were considered indicative of recent (not acute) MI. EBSPM data recorded at the time of ED presentation matched the standard ECG (normal in 3, left ventricular hypertrophy or inconclusive in 2). During transient ischemia, all 5 EBSPMs showed areas of ischernia overlapping with standard electrode sites. Conclusion: Patients evaluated in the ED for chest pain are at high risk for death or nonfatal MI if they have ischemic events with continuous ST-segment monitoring that are unrecognized clinically. In this small cohort with unrecognized ischemia, the initial body surface potential maps estimated from optimal ischeinia electrode sites did not improve on 12-lead ST-segment monitoring to identify this high-risk group. (c) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
IDENTIFICATION OF INTERVENTION PATIENTS AT INCREASED RISK; Many patients who once would have been classified as being at high risk are now deemed candidates for interventional cardiologic procedures. Definitions of risk thereby warrant reconsideration. Although the angiographic characteristics of lesions clearly identify patients at increased risk of adverse outcomes after angioplasty, important components such as thrombus may go unrecognized. Angioscopy provides a more precise means of identifying thrombus, but its use is not feasible in all patients scheduled for angioplasty. A triage system developed on the basis of clinical criteria is therefore desirable. Prospective data have suggested that the degree of risk is high in patients with unstable angina (particularly when refractory to medical therapy) and those who have recently undergone successful thrombolytic therapy for myocardial infarction. After stent implantation, patients who receive full anticoagulation therapy are at high risk of bleeding and subacute thrombosis, which may lead to myocardial infarction. New preventive strategies are required to optimize outcomes in patients with clinical characteristics indicative of high risk.
SERUM FERRITIN AND CERULOPLASMIN AS CORONARY RISK-FACTORS; Iron and copper catalyze lipid peroxidation in vitro, and recent epidemiological data suggest that these metal ions might also be involved in human coronary heart disease.  We tested the hypothesis by investigating whether the storage proteins ferritin and ceruloplasmin were coronary risk factors. A nested case-control study was set up in middle-aged dyslipidaemic participants of the Helsinki Heart Study:  a placebo-controlled coronary primary prevention trial with gemfibrozil.  Of the 140 subjects with cardiac end-points (non-fatal myocardial infarction or cardiac death) 136 were matched with controls for geographical area and drug treatment (gemfibrozil-placebo). Frozen baseline serum samples were used in the analyses of ferritin and ceruloplasmin.  Using logistic regression analyses no increment in coronary risk was detected with increasing ferritin levels (P=0.8 for trend).  Ceruloplasmin was higher 349 +/- 86 vs 317 +/- 77 mg . l-1 (P<0.001) in cases than in controls and the risk in the highest tertile was two-fold (odds ratio 2.1; 95% CI 1.1-4.2) compared to the lowest (P<0.005 for trend).  The risk of high ceruloplasmin was influenced by lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations, with an odds ratio of 2.4 (95% CI 1.3-4.4) in subjects with high low density lipoprotein cholesterol and of 11.3 (95% CI 2.5-52.2) in subjects with low high density lipoprotein cholesterol. It was concluded that ferritin was not associated with coronary heart disease in dyslipidaemic, middle-aged men, while there was a continuous and graded increment in coronary risk with elevating ceruloplasmin level.
Correlation of fragmented QRS complexes with the severity of CAD (using Syntax score) in patients with non-ST elevation acute coronary syndromes; Background: Fragmented QRS (f-QRS) complexes are novel electrocardiographic signals, which reflect myocardial conduction delays in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). The significance of f-QRS complexes in non-ST elevation ACS patients for detection of the severity of CAD (correlation with Syntax score) was evaluated in this prospective study. Methods: A total of 104 patients with non-ST-elevation ACS who underwent invasive coronary angiography for detection of coronary artery disease were recruited prospectively in this study, ECG was done to all patients, which showed f-QRS in 50 patients (f-QRS group) and inverted T wave or depressed ST in 54 patients (non f-QRS group). The significance of f-QRS complexes on 12-lead ECG for detection of the severity of the CAD (correlated with Syntax score) was assessed in this cohort of patients. Results: Among the patients studied, elderly patients (age P 65 years), males, diabetics, smokers and those with dyslipidemia had a significantly higher frequency of fQRS complexes (with P value = 0.02, 0.01, 0.019, 0.005, 0.02 respectively). Also, the present study found a higher frequency of f-QRS in patients with multi-vessel disease, in those with more severe degree of coronary artery stenosis, in those with positive Troponin I level and in those with high Syntax score (with P value = 0.009, 0.000, 0.000 respectively). Conclusions: The frequency of f-QRS complexes was found to be higher in elderly, diabetic, dyslipidemic, and male patients with NSTE-ACS. The higher frequency of (f-QRS) was correlated with the extent and severity of coronary lesions in patients with NSTE-ACS. (C) 2016 The Authors. Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V.on behalf of Egyptian Society of Cardiology. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license.
Lower extremity arterial disease assessed by ankle-brachial index in a middle-aged population of African Americans and whites - The Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study; Background: Lower extremity arterial disease (LEAD) is one of the most common manifestations of atherosclerosis. Its epidemiologic characteristics have not been well described, particularly in African Americans. Our purpose was to estimate the prevalence of LEAD and its associations with cardiovascular risk factors in a biracial population of men and women aged 45 to 64 years. Methods: We examined 15,173 African-American and white men and women who participated in the baseline examination (1987-1989) of the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study. LEAD was defined by a resting ankle-brachial index (ABI), the ratio of ankle systolic blood pressure to brachial systolic pressure, of <= 0.90. Cross-sectional analyses were used to determine the association of LEAD with cardiovascular risk factors. Results: The age-adjusted prevalence of ABI <= 0.90 was 3.1% in African-American men, 4.4% in African-American women, 2.3% in white men, and 3.2% in white women. Cigarette smoking was the single most important risk factor for prevalent LEAD. The odds ratio estimate for LEAD in ever smokers versus never smokers was 6.6 (95% confidence interval [CI]=2.0-21.5) in African-American men, 2.3 (95% CI=1.5-3.5) in African-American women, 10.4 (95% CI=3.8-28.3) in white men, and 1.9 (95% CI=1.4-2.6) in white women, after adjustment for age, LDL cholesterol, hypertension, and diabetes. Prevalent LEAD was also associated with hypertension, diabetes, and higher concentrations of total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL-cholesterol, and fibrinogen, and lower concentrations of HDL cholesterol, but the associations were not always significant across race/ethnic and gender groups. The associations of LEAD with plasma lipids were generally stronger in African Americans than whites. Conclusions: The prevalence of LEAD appears to be higher in African Americans than whites. Elevations in traditional cardiovascular risk factors are associated with a higher prevalence of LEAD across race/ethnic and gender groups.
Reperfusion rate and inhospital mortality of patients with ST segment elevation myocardial infarction diagnosed already in the prehospital phase: Results of the German Prehospital Myocardial Infarction Registry (PREMIR); Aims: We sought to evaluate the in-hospital fate of patients with ST segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) diagnosed already in the prehospital phase by physican equipped ambulances. Methods: A total of 2326 consecutive STEMI patients were included in PREMIR. For this analysis 218 patients with prehospital cardiopulmonary resuscitation were excluded. Results: The median time between symptom onset and 12-lead ECG was 85 min. The median time intervals between the diagnostic 12-lead ECG and prehospital fibrinolysis were 10 min, until inhospital fibrinolysis 52 min and until primar PCI 86 min, respectively. Reperfusion therapy with prehospital fibrinolysis (24%), inhospital fibrinolysis (13%) or primary PCI (45%) was performed in 82% of the patients. Inhospital mortality was 6.0% in patients with prehospital fibrinolysis (n = 504), 5.8% in patients with inhospital fibrinolysis (n = 278), 4.5% in patients with primary percutaneous coronary intervention (n = 962) and 16.2% in patients without early reperfusion therapy (n = 377), respectively. in the multivariate propensity score analysis comparing prehospital fibrinolysis and primary PCI we observed no significant difference in the odds for in-hospital mortality (odds ratio: 1.57, 95% Cl: 0.94-2.63). The final discharge diagnosis was STEMI in 90% of the patients, in patients with prehospital fibrinolysis 95%. Conclusions: In patients with STEMI already diagnosed in the prehospital phase the ischemic time is short, accuracy of the diagnosis is high and reperfusion therapy is performed in over 82%. Inhospital mortality was not different between prehospital fibrinolysis and primary PCI. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Association Between Exposure to Low to Moderate Arsenic Levels and Incident Cardiovascular Disease; Background: Long-term exposure to high levels of arsenic is associated with increased risk for cardiovascular disease, whereas risk from long-term exposure to low to moderate arsenic levels (< 100 mu g/L in drinking water) is unclear. Objective: To evaluate the association between long-term exposure to low to moderate arsenic levels and incident cardiovascular disease. Design: Prospective cohort study. Setting: The Strong Heart Study baseline visit between 1989 and 1991, with follow-up through 2008. Patients: 3575 American Indian men and women aged 45 to 74 years living in Arizona, Oklahoma, and North and South Dakota. Measurements: The sum of inorganic and methylated arsenic species in urine at baseline was used as a biomarker of long-term arsenic exposure. Outcomes were incident fatal and nonfatal cardiovascular disease. Results: A total of 1184 participants developed fatal and nonfatal cardiovascular disease. When the highest and lowest quartiles of arsenic concentrations (> 15.7 vs. < 5.8 mu g/g creatinine) were compared, the hazard ratios for cardiovascular disease, coronary heart disease, and stroke mortality after adjustment for sociodemographic factors, smoking, body mass index, and lipid levels were 1.65 (95% CI, 1.20 to 2.27; P for trend < 0.001), 1.71 (CI, 1.19 to 2.44; P for trend < 0.001), and 3.03 (CI, 1.08 to 8.50; P for trend = 0.061), respectively. The corresponding hazard ratios for incident cardiovascular disease, coronary heart disease, and stroke were 1.32 (CI, 1.09 to 1.59; P for trend = 0.002), 1.30 (CI, 1.04 to 1.62; P for trend = 0.006), and 1.47 (CI, 0.97 to 2.21; P for trend = 0.032). These associations varied by study region and were attenuated after further adjustment for diabetes, hypertension, and kidney disease measures. Limitation: Direct measurement of individual arsenic levels in drinking water was unavailable. Conclusion: Long-term exposure to low to moderate arsenic levels was associated with cardiovascular disease incidence and mortality.
Prothrombotic abnormalities in childhood ischaemic stroke; Childhood ischaemic stroke, incorporating arterial ischaemic stroke and cerebral sinus venous thrombosis, is associated with significant morbidity and mortality in children. The majority of cases in children present with well-recognised risk factors. The appreciation of the rote prothrombotic abnormalities have in disease states is developing rapidly. Prothrombotic abnormalities are abnormalities of the coagulation system, fibrinolytic system, endothelial cells or platelets that lead to a reduced threshold for pathological thrombus formation. Our understanding of the role of prothrombotic abnormalities in childhood ischaemic stroke is increasing and has a direct bearing on the development of effective management and prevention strategies. We provide a brief background of prothrombotic abnormalities and review the available literature on prothrombotic markers in childhood ischaemic stroke. Overall, prothrombotic abnormalities have been identified in 20-50% of children presenting with AIS and 33-99% of children with cerebral sinus venous thrombosis. There appear to be a number of associations emerging including an increased frequency of factor V Leiden mutation, elevated lipoprotein (a), protein C deficiency and antiphospholipid antibodies in children presenting with arterial ischaemic stroke. The pathogenic role of prothrombotic abnormalities as predisposing to initial and recurrent childhood ischaemic stroke is becoming increasingly evident. The impact on treatment, however, will only be clarified with carefully designed, multi-institutional prospective studies. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The association between socioeconomic status and subclinical atherosclerosis in a rural Bangladesh population; Background. In Bangladesh, CVD accounts for the majority of non-communicable mortality. The purpose of this study was to determine the role of socioeconomic status (SES) on subclinical atherosclerosis measured as carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) in a rural Bangladesh population. Methods. Carotid IMT was measured between 2010 and 2011 in 1022 participants (average age 46, 40% male) randomly selected from the Health Effects of Arsenic Longitudinal Study (HEALS), a population-based prospective cohort study based in rural Bangladesh. SES was measured as occupation type, land ownership, educational attainment, and television ownership. Results. Half of the participants received formal education (53%) and under half owned land (48%) and a television (44%). Women were primarily homemakers (95%) and men worked as factory workers (24%), laborers (18%), or in business (55%). In univariate analysis, those owning greater than one acre of land (p = 0.03), owning a television (p = 0.02), or laborers and business owners compared to factory workers had higher levels of carotid IMT (p < 0.01). In multivariate analysis after adjustment for confounders, only men employed in the business sector had elevated carotid IMT compared to factory workers. The association was strongest in older men (58.7 mu m, 95% CI 17.2-100.0, >= 50 years old) compared to younger men (13.7 mu m, 95% CI -7.8-35.2, < 50 years old). Conclusion. Business sector employment was positively associated with subclinical atherosclerosis after adjustment for confounders. This finding is consistent with evidence from other developing nations suggesting that certain SES factors are independent predictors of CVD. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Synergistic effect of polymorphisms of paraoxonase gene cluster and arsenic exposure on electrocardiogram abnormality; Arsenic has been linked to increased prevalence of cancer and cardiovascular disease (CVD). but the long-term impact of arsenic exposure remains unclear. Human paraoxonase (PON1) is a high-density lipoprotein-associated antioxidant enzyme which hydrolyzes oxidized lipids and is thought to be protective against atherosclerosis, but evidence remains limited to case-control studies. Only recently have genes encoding enzymes responsible for arsenic metabolism, such as AS3MT and GSTO, been cloned and characterized. This study was designed to evaluate the synergistic interaction of genetic factors and arsenic exposure on electrocardiogram abnormality. A total of 216 residents from three tap water implemented villages of previous arseniasis-hyperendemic regions in Taiwan were prospectively followed for an average of 8 years. For each resident, a 12-lead conventional electrocardiogram (ECG) was recorded and coded by Minnesota Code standard criteria. Eight functional polymorphisms of PON1, PON2, AS3MT GSTO1, and GSTO2 were examined for genetic susceptibility to ECG abnormality. Among 42 incident cases with ECG deterioration identified among 121 baseline-normal subjects. arsenic exposure was significantly correlated with incidence of ECG abnormality. In addition, polymorphisms in two paraoxonase genes were also found associated with the incidence of ECG abnormality. A haplotype R-C-S constituted by polymorphisms of PON1 Q192R, -108C/T and PON2 C311S was linked to the increased risk. Subjects exposed to high levels of As (cumulative As exposure >14.7 ppm-year or drinking artesian well water >21 years) and carrying the R-C-S haplotype had significantly increased risks for ECG abnormality over those with only one risk factor. Results of this study showed a long-term arsenic effect on ECG abnormality and significant gene-gene and gene-environment interactions linked to the incidence of CVD. This finding might have important implications for a novel and potentially useful biomarker of arsenic risk. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of additional treatment with EXenatide in patients with an Acute Myocardial Infarction (EXAMI): study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background: Myocardial infarction causes irreversible loss of cardiomyocytes and may lead to loss of ventricular function, morbidity and mortality. Infarct size is a major prognostic factor and reduction of infarct size has therefore been an important objective of strategies to improve outcomes. In experimental studies, glucagon-like peptide 1 and exenatide, a long acting glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonist, a novel drug introduced for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, reduced infarct size after myocardial infarction by activating pro-survival pathways and by increasing metabolic efficiency. Methods: The EXAMI trial is a multi-center, prospective, randomized, placebo controlled trial, designed to evaluate clinical outcome of exenatide infusion on top of standard treatment, in patients with an acute myocardial infarction, successfully treated with primary percutaneous coronary intervention. A total of 108 patients will be randomized to exenatide (5 mu g bolus in 30 minutes followed by continuous infusion of 20 mu g/24 h for 72 h) or placebo treatment. The primary end point of the study is myocardial infarct size (measured using magnetic resonance imaging with delayed enhancement at 4 months) as a percentage of the area at risk (measured using T2 weighted images at 3-7 days). Discussion: If the current study demonstrates cardioprotective effects, exenatide may constitute a novel therapeutic option to reduce infarct size and preserve cardiac function in adjunction to reperfusion therapy in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
Asthma is associated with cardiovascular disease in a representative population sample; Rationale: People with asthma may have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and metabolic disorders due to the direct involvement of common inflammatory mediators in the pathogenesis of CVD and insulin resistance, The aim of this study was to determine whether asthma was associated with an increased prevalence of CVD/stroke, and diabetes in a cross-sectional population study and whether the relationship was modified by obesity. Methods: The North West Adelaide Health Study (NWAHS) (n=4060, age >= 18 years) clinical assessment included spirometry, anthropometry, blood pressure, fasting lipids, glucose and HbA1c. Questionnaires assessed doctor diagnosed asthma, diabetes, CVD (myocardial infarction, angina)/stroke, smoking status, and demographics. Asthma was identified by self-report or significant bronchodilator reversibility of lung function. Results: After adjustment for known risk factors and confounders, asthma was not associated with diabetes (odds ratio (OR)=1.06, 95% confidence interval (Cl): 0.45-2.49, p=.91) yet remained positively associated with CVD/stroke (OR=1.82, 95% CI: 1.20-2.73, p < 0.01) independent of the level of BMI (p for interaction between asthma and BMI=.22), smoking and lung function. Asthma was not positively associated with CVD risk factors or the metabolic syndrome. Conclusions: In a representative population sample, asthma was associated with CVD/stroke after adjustment for traditional risk factors and lung function. Asthma may lead to CVD events via pathways unrelated to traditional risk factors and this requires further investigation. No significant effect modification by BMI was observed in relation to CVD, or diabetes. Crown Copyright (C) 2008 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of Asian Oceanian Association for the Study of Obesity. All rights reserved.
Short- and Long-Term Prognostic Significance of ST-Segment Elevation in Lead aVR in Patients With Non-ST-Segment Elevation Acute Coronary Syndrome; We sought to evaluate the prognostic significance of ST-segment elevation (STE) in lead aVR in unselected patients with non-STE acute coronary syndrome (NSTE-ACS). We enrolled 1,042 consecutive patients with NSTE-ACS. Patients were divided into 5 groups according to the following electrocardiographic (ECG) patterns on admission: (1) normal electrocardiogram or no significant ST-T changes, (2) inverted T waves, (3) isolated ST deviation (ST depression [STD] without STE in lead aVR or transient STE), (4) STD plus STE in lead aVR, and (5) ECG confounders (pacing, right or left bundle branch block). The main angiographic end point was left main coronary artery (LM) disease as the culprit artery. Clinical end points were in-hospital and 1-year cardiovascular death defined as the composite of cardiac death, fatal stroke, and fatal bleeding. Prevalence of STD plus STE in lead aVR was 13.4%. Rates of culprit LM disease and in-hospital cardiovascular death were 8.1% and 3.8%, respectively. On multivariable analysis, patients with STD plus STE in lead aVR (group 4) showed an increased risk of culprit LM disease (odds ratio 4.72, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.31 to 9.64, p < 0.001) and in-hospital cardiovascular mortality (odds ratio 5.58, 95% CI 2.35 to 13.24, p < 0.001) compared to patients without any ST deviation (pooled groups 1, 2, and 5), whereas patients with isolated ST deviation (group 3) did not. At 1-year follow-up 127 patients (12.2%) died from cardiovascular causes. On multivariable analysis, STD plus STE in lead aVR was a stronger independent predictor of cardiovascular death (hazard ratio 2.29, 95% CI 1.44 to 3.64, p < 0.001) than isolated ST deviation (hazard ratio 1.52, 95% CI 0.98 to 2.36, p = 0.06). In conclusion, STD plus STE in lead aVR is associated with high-risk coronary lesions and predicts in-hospital and 1-year cardiovascular deaths in patients with NSTE-ACS. Therefore, this promptly available ECG pattern could be useful to improve risk stratification and management of patients with NSTE-ACS. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2011;108:21-28)
Agreement in electrocardiogram interpretation in patients with septic shock; Objective: The reliability of electrocardiogram interpretation to diagnose myocardial ischemia in critically ill patients is unclear. In adults with septic shock, we assessed intra-and inter-rater agreement of electrocardiogram interpretation, and the effect of knowledge of troponin values on these interpretations. Design: Prospective substudy of a randomized trial of vasopressin vs. norepinephrine in septic shock. Setting: Nine Canadian intensive care units. Patients: Adults with septic shock requiring at least 5 mu g/min of norepinephrine for 6 hrs. Interventions: Twelve-lead electrocardiograms were recorded before study drug, and 6 hrs, 2 days, and 4 days after study drug initiation. Measurements: Two physician readers, blinded to patient data and group, independently interpreted electrocardiograms on three occasions (first two readings were blinded to patient data; third reading was unblinded to troponin). To calibrate and refine definitions, both readers initially reviewed 25 trial electrocardiograms representing normal to abnormal. Cohen's Kappa and the phi statistic were used to analyze intra-and inter-rater agreement. Results: One hundred twenty-one patients (62.2 +/- 16.5 yrs, Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation II 28.6 +/- 7.7) had 373 electrocardiograms. Blinded to troponin, readers 1 and 2 interpreted 46.4% and 30.0% of electrocardiograms as normal, and 15.3% and 12.3% as ischemic, respectively. Intrarater agreement was moderate for overall ischemia (kappa 0.54 and 0.58), moderate/good for "normal" (kappa 0.69 and 0.55), fair to good for specific signs of ischemia (ST elevation, T inversion, and Q waves, reader 1 kappa 0.40 to 0.69; reader 2 kappa 0.56 to 0.70); and good/very good for atrial arrhythmias (kappa 0.84 and 0.79) and bundle branch block (kappa 0.88 and 0.79). Inter-rater agreement was fair for ischemia (kappa 0.29), moderate for ST elevation (kappa 0.48), T inversion (kappa 0.52), and Q waves (kappa 0.44), good for bundle branch block (kappa 0.78), and very good for atrial arrhythmias (kappa 0.83). Inter-rater agreement for ischemia improved from fair to moderate (kappa 0.52, p = .028) when unblinded to troponin. Conclusions: In patients with septic shock, inter-rater agreement of electrocardiogram interpretation for myocardial ischemia was fair, and improved with troponin knowledge. (Crit Care Med 2011; 39: 2080-2086)
RELATIVE IMPORTANCE OF EMERGENCY MEDICAL SYSTEM TRANSPORT AND THE PREHOSPITAL ELECTROCARDIOGRAM ON REDUCING HOSPITAL TIME-DELAY TO THERAPY FOR ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION - A PRELIMINARY-REPORT FROM THE CINCINNATI-HEART-PROJECT; Substantial time delays from symptom onset to diagnosis and treatment of patients with acute myocardial infarction have been demonstrated. To determine the relative importance of prehospital mode of patient transport and the relative impact of emergency medical system transport with or without a prehospital cellular electrocardiogram (ECG) on hospital time delays to initiation of thrombolytic therapy, four prospective parallel groups of patients with acute myocardial infarction were evaluated. The median hospital time delay to treatment median (twenty-fifth and seventy-fifth percentiles) was 64 minutes (46 and 87 minutes, respectively, for twenty-fifth and seventy-fifth percentiles) for patients transported by private automobile ("walk-in"); 55 minutes (45 and 68 minutes, respectively) for patients transported by local ambulance; 50 minutes (38 and 81 minutes, respectively) for patients transported by the emergency medical system without a prehospital ECG; and 30 minutes (27 and 35 minutes, respectively) for patients transported by the emergency medical system who had a 12-lead ECG transmitted from the field. Patients transported by the emergency medical system were randomized to receive cellular telephone transmission of a prehospital 12-lead ECG. Specialized emergency medical system transport alone did not facilitate in-hospital initiation of thrombolytic therapy in patients with acute myocardial infarction when compared with those brought by local ambulance or by private automobile. A significant reduction in hospital time delay to treatment was observed only in patients transported by the emergency medical system who had cellular transmission of a prehospital 12-lead ECG from the field.
Relation of hyperglycemia to ST-segment resolution after reperfusion for acute myocardial infarction (from Observatoire des Infarctus de Cote-d'Or Survey [RICO]); Hyperglycemia has been shown to be a powerful predictor of worse outcome after ST-segment-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI), which could be related to impaired myocardial reperfusion. This study investigated the association between hyperglycemia and ST-segment resolution (STR) after thrombolysis. From the French regional Observatoire des Infarctus de Cote-d'Or survey, admission glucose in 371 patients with STEMIs who were treated by lysis < 12 hours was analyzed. The single worst lead electrocardiogram before and 90 minutes after lysis was analyzed, and patients were divided into 3 groups according to the degree of STR: none (< 30%), partial (30%. to 70%), or complete ( :70%). Of the 371 patients, 101 (27.2%) had no STR, 124 (33.4%,) had partial STR, and 146 (39.4%) had complete STR. STR decreased with increasing glycemia (p = 0.029), and patients with hyperglycemia (glycemia 11 mmol/L) were more likely to have no STIR. Moreover. hyperglycemia was an independent predictor of incomplete STIR even after adjustment for potential confounders (odds ratio 2.348, 95% confidence interval 1.212 to 4.347). In conclusion, the present study suggests a strong association between hyperglycemia and electrocardiographic signs of reperfusion in patients with STEMIs after lysis and suggests the usefulness of evaluating early glycemic control in the setting of reperfusion for acute myocardial infarction. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Importance of the Number of Leads with fQRS for Predicting In-Hospital Mortality in Acute STEMI Patients Treated with Primary PCI; Background: Fragmented QRS (fQRS) has been shown to be related to increased cardiovascular mortality and morbidity. However, limited data are available for evaluating the relationship between the number of leads with fQRS and in-hospital all-cause mortality in patients with acute ST segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). The aim of our study is to investigate the prognostic importance of the number of leadswith fQRS in acute STEMI patients treated by primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Methods: Two hundred ten eligible patients with acute STEMI that underwent primary PCI were enrolled in this study. Each patient's 12-lead electrocardiography (ECG) taken in the first 48 hours was analyzed and the number of leads with fQRS were recorded. Results: The number derivations with fQRS were significantly higher in patients who developed in-hospital mortality than the patients who did not develop in-hospital mortality (2.6 +/- 2.6 vs 0.9 +/- 1.3; P = 0.002). Also, patients with >= 3 leads with fQRS had higher rate of in-hospital all-cause mortality (23.5% vs 7.4%, P = 0.009), higher frequency of Q wave (67.6% vs 36.9%, P = 0.001), and higher frequency of fQRS with Q wave (67.6% vs 15.9%, P < 0.001) than those patients with <3 leads with fQRS. By a multivariate regression analysis, the number of leads with fQRS was found to be an independent predictor of in-hospital all-cause mortality (odds ratio: 1.415, 95% confidence interval: 1.049-1.909, P = 0.023). Conclusions: The number of leads with fQRS on 12-lead ECG is an independent predictor of in-hospital all-cause mortality in patients with acute STEMI treated by primary PCI.
Relation of hyperglycemia to ST-segment resolution after primary percutaneous coronary intervention for acute myocardial infarction; Background Hyperglycemia has been shown to be a powerful predictor of poor outcome after ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). This study aimed to evaluate the effect of admission glucose on microvascular flow after successful primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in patients with STEMI. Methods Successful primary PCI was performed in 267 patients with STEM]. The maximum ST elevation of single electrocardiogram (ECG) lead before and 60 minutes after PCI was measured, and patients were then divided into 3 groups according to the degree of ST-segment resolution (STR): absent (< 30%), partial (30% to 70%) or complete (>= 70%). Results Of the 267 patients, 48 (18.0%) had absent STR, 137 (51.3%) experienced partial STR, and 82 (30.7%) had complete STR. The degree of STR decreased with increasing admission glucose levels (P=0.032), and patients with hyperglycemia (serum glucose level >= 11 mmol/L) were more likely to have absent STR (P=0.001). Moreover, hyperglycemia was an independent predictor of incomplete STR (odds ratio, 1.870; 95% confidence interval, 1.038 to 3.371, P=0.037). Conclusions Hyperglycemia on admission is associated with abnormal coronary microvascular reperfusion in patients with STEMI after successful primary PCI, which may contribute, at least in part, to the poor outcomes in these patients.
Comparison of Case Fatality Rates for Acute Myocardial Infarction in Weekday vs Weekend Admissions in South Korea; Background. According to recent reports, reduced weekend staffing in hospitals may lead to a lower intensity of management of patients with acute conditions such as acute myocardial infarction (AMI). The present study evaluated differences in the case fatality rate of Korean patients admitted with AMI on weekdays vs those admitted on weekends. Methods and Results: The dataset was constructed from the Korea National Health Insurance Claims Database. The study population was 97,466 patients who were admitted to a hospital in Korea from 2003 to 2007 with AMI. Patients admitted on weekends had a higher 30-day fatality rate (20.1% vs 17.3%) than did those admitted on weekdays. Differences in the 30-day fatality rate were significant after adjusting for baseline characteristics and the severity of disease (odds ratio (OR), 1.21; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.16-1.26). However, the 30-day fatality rate was insignificantly different after additional adjustment for medical or invasive management (OR 1.05; 95%CI 0.99-1.11). Conclusions: Differences in the case fatality rate of AMI patients admitted on weekdays and on weekends in Korea are caused by differences in the rate of performance of medical or invasive procedures. (Circ J 2010; 74: 496-502)
Cadmium exposure and atherosclerotic carotid plaques -Results from the Malmo diet and Cancer study; Background: Epidemiological studies indicate that cadmium exposure through diet and smoking is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease. There are few data on the relationship between cadmium and plaques, the hallmark of underlying atherosclerotic disease. Objectives: To examine the association between exposure to cadmium and the prevalence and size of atherosclerotic plaques in the carotid artery. Methods: A population sample of 4639 Swedish middle-aged women and men was examined in 1991-1994. Carotid plaque was determined by B-mode ultrasound. Cadmium in blood was analyzed by inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry. Results: Comparing quartile 4 with quartile 1 of blood cadmium, the odds ratio (OR) for prevalence of any plaque was 1.9 (95% confidence interval 1.6-2.2) after adjustment for sex and, age; 1.4 (1.1-1.8) after additional adjustment for smoking status; 1.4 (1.1-1.7) after the addition of education level and life style factors; 1.3 (1.03-1.8) after additional adjustment for risk factors and predictors of cardiovascular disease. No effect modification by sex was found in the cadmium-related prevalence of plaques. Similarly, ORs for the prevalence of small and large plaques were after full adjustment 1.4 (1.0-2.1) and 1.4 (0.9-2.0), respectively. The subgroup of never smokers showed no association between cadmium and atherosclerotic plaques. Conclusions: These results extend previous studies on cadmium exposure and clinical cardiovascular events by adding data on the association between cadmium and underlying atherosclerosis in humans. The role of smoking remains unclear. It may both cause residual confounding and be a source of proatherogenic cadmium exposure. (C) 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND
The positive predictive value of paramedic versus emergency physician interpretation of the prehospital 12-lead electrocardiogram; Background. Obtaining a prehospital 12-lead ECG may improve triage and expedite care of patients with acute myocardial infarction ( AMI). Whether the ECG should undergo physician review prior to activation of a percutaneous intervention (PCI) team is unclear. Objective. To document the positive predictive value (PPV) of the prehospital 12-lead ECG when interpreted by paramedics versus emergency physicians. Methods. This was a prospective, observational study. In November 2003, our local health care and emergency medical services ( EMS) systems implemented a prehospital "cardiac alert" program in which patients suspected of having ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) based on the prehospital 12-lead ECG were diverted away from receiving facilities without emergent PCI capability and the PCI team was mobilized. For the first year, a cardiac alert was activated by paramedics ( Phase I). After the first year, the ECG was transmitted to the ED, with the emergency physician (EP) responsible for activation ( Phase II). The PPV for cardiac alerts in Phases I and II were compared by using three different "gold standards": cardiologist interpretation of the prehospital 12-lead ECG, disposition to emergent PCI, and coronary lesions on angiography or arrest prior to emergent PCI. Results. A total of 110 patients were enrolled ( 54 in Phase I, 56 in Phase II). Cardiologist confirmation of a STEMI on the prehospital 12-lead EKG was 42/54 (78%) in Phase I and 54/56 (96%) in Phase II. Disposition to emergent PCI occurred in 38/54 (70%) Phase I patients and 51/56 (91%) Phase II patients. Lesions at catheterization or arrest prior to emergent PCI were observed in 41/54 (69%) of Phase I patients and 50/56 (89%) of Phase II patients. All of these comparisons achieved statistical significance (p< 0.01). Conclusions. Transmission to the ED for EP interpretation improves the PPV of the prehospital 12-lead ECG for triage and therapeutic decision-making.
Effect of ambulance 12-lead ECG recording on times to hospital reperfusion in acute myocardial infarction; Objective: To review the evidence that recording a prehospital 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) reduces time from hospital arrival to initiation of reperfusion therapy for acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Data sources: Medline search from 1966 to the present (articles in all languages) and examination of bibliographies. Study selection: Published studies of prehospital 12-lead ECG recording that included control groups and reported time intervals from hospital arrival to start of reperfusion therapy. Data extraction: Eight articles satisfied selection criteria (two randomised controlled trials, four non-randomised interventional studies and two prospective observational studies). Data synthesis: Widely varying study methodologies precluded meta-analysis. All studies had methodological problems, but hospital delays were consistently reduced. Such improvements appear to be small in hospitals where delays are already minimal. Conclusions: Little evidence is available to support routine prehospital 12-lead ECG recording if the median hospital time to reperfusion is already less than 30 minutes. Improvement of in-hospital treatment times may be a better initial strategy than prehospital 12-lead ECG recording, as this will benefit more patients and allow ambulance services to better allocate their available resources.
Acute Detection of ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction Missed on Standard 12-Lead ECG With a Novel 80-Lead Real-Time Digital Body Surface Map: Primary Results From the Multicenter OCCULT MI Trial; Study objective: Although 80-lead ECG body surface mapping is more sensitive for ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) than the 12-lead ECG, its clinical utility in chest pain in the emergency department (ED) has not been studied. We sought to determine the prevalence, clinical care patterns, and clinical outcomes of patients with STEMI identified on 80-lead but not on 12-lead (80-lead-only STEMI). Methods: The Optimal Cardiovascular Diagnostic Evaluation Enabling Faster Treatment of Myocardial Infarction trial was a multicenter prospective observational study of moderate- to high-risk chest pain patients presenting to the ED. Patients received simultaneous 12-lead and 80-lead ECGs as part of their initial evaluation and were treated according to the standard of care, with clinicians blinded to the 80-lead results. The primary outcome of the trial was door-to-sheath time in patients with 80-lead-only STEMI versus patients with STEMI identified by 12-lead alone (12-lead STEM]). Secondary outcomes included angiographic and clinical outcomes at 30 days. Results: One thousand eight hundred thirty patients were evaluated, 91 had a discharge diagnosis of 12-lead STEMI, and 25 patients met criteria for 80-lead-only STEMI. Eighty-four of the 91 12-lead STEMI patients underwent cardiac catheterization, with a median door-to-sheath time of 54 minutes, versus 14 of the 25 80-lead-only STEMI patients, with a door-to-sheath time of 1,002 minutes (estimated treatment difference in median=881; 95% confidence interval 181 to 1,079 minutes). Clinical outcomes and revascularization rates, however, were similar between 80-lead-only STEMI and 12-lead STEMI patients. Conclusion: The 80-lead ECG provides an incremental 27.5% increase in STEMI detection versus the 12-lead. Patients with 80-lead-only STEMI have adverse outcomes similar to those of 12-lead STEMI patients but are treated with delayed or conservative invasive strategies. [Ann Emerg Med. 2009;54:779-788.]
Fish oil-derived fatty acids, docosahexaenoic acid and docosapentaenoic acid, and the risk of acute coronary events -: The kuopio ischaemic heart disease risk factor study; Background-Previous findings concerning the serum levels of fish-derived (n-3) fatty acids and coronary heart disease are inconsistent. The purpose of this study was to investigate the association between the serum n-3 end-product fatty acids docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), and eicosapentaenoic acid and the risk of acute coronary events in middle-aged men. Methods and Results-We studied this association in the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study, a prospective population study in Eastern Finland. Subjects were randomly selected and included 1871 men aged 42 to 60 years who had no clinical coronary heart disease at baseline examination. A total of 194 men had a fatal or nonfatal acute coronary event during follow-up. In a Cox proportional hazards' model adjusting for other risk factors, men in the highest fifth of the proportion of serum DHA-I-DPA in all fatty acids had a 44% reduced risk (P=0.014) of acute coronary events compared with men in the lowest fifth. Men in the highest fifth of DHA+DPA who had a low hair content of mercury (less than or equal to2.0 mug/g) had a 67% reduced risk (P=0.016) of acute coronary events compared with men in the lowest fifth who had a high hair content of mercury (>2.0 mug/g). There was no association between proportion of eicosapentaenoic acid and the risk of acute coronary events. Conclusions-Our data provide further confirmation for the concept that fish oil-derived fatty acids reduce the risk of acute coronary events. However, a high mercury content in fish could attenuate this protective effect.
Serum iron, infection and inflammation;: effects on coronary risk; Objectives-To explore the potential pathways of association between serum iron and coronary heart disease, with major emphasis on factors related to infections and inflammation. Design-A nested case-control study with 215 cases (myocardial infarction or coronary death) and 215 matched controls over 8.5 years. Logistic regression analyses were used to compare relative risks in various serum iron-high sensitive CRP-total leucocyte countherpes simplex virus-1 antibody categories. Results-Participants with low iron (<17 mumol/l) had increased coronary risk with Odds Ratio (OR) of 2.1 (95% CI 1.1-3.8). Simultaneous elevation of hs-CRP and leucocyte count increased the risk substantially in those with low iron, OR 9.8 (95% CI 3.9-24.4). A combination of high herpes simplex virus-1 antibody level and low iron increased the risk modestly (OR 1.2), but when hs-CRP level was high simultaneously, the OR was 13.1 (95 % CI 2.9-60.1). Conclusions-Our data suggest an association between low serum iron level and coronary risk. The association is not independent, but is related to the fact that chronic infections and inflammation are accompanied with low serum iron.
Influence of HRT on cardiovascular diseases - review of literature; In the article authors discuss the influence of HRT (hormonal replacement therapy) and ERT (estrogen replacement therapy) on frequency of cardiovascular events. There are controversies between conclusions from studies: observational and prospective, clinical (ERA, HERS, WHI). It may be caused by differences in women's populations which were included into analysis in these studies. It is probable that important factors which have influence on effect of used therapy are: time from menopause and progression of atherosclerosis. There may be also big clinical differences between doses, routes of administration and types of hormones. Results of laboratory tests suggest that transdermal therapy, in comparison with oral route, may give better results concerning cardiovascular events. These facts need to be determined in prospective, randomized clinical studies. Because the situation concerning influence of HRT and ERT on cardiovascular diseases is not clear, during individual therapeutic decisions potential benefits and risks must be taken into account. This includes moment of beginning of the therapy, route of administration, doses and types of hormones. Early beginning of the therapy may have positive influence on lower incidence of cardiovascular events. Late first administration of hormones may lead to higher risk of complications. Although we do not have evident clinical proof which show higher safety of transdermal forms, these forms should be seen as first-choice in all women with indications to HRT and ERT.
The atherogenic dyslipidemia of visceral obesity:: need for preventive endocrinology; Complications such as hypertension, non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and cardiovascular diseases are commonly associated with obesity. However, the risk of developing these complications varies substantially among obese patients. A large body of evidence suggests that body fat distribution, especially visceral adipose tissue accumulation, is a critical correlate of metabolic abnormalities that have been in the past associated with obesity per se. Thus, excess visceral adipose tissue accumulation, which can be assessed by imaging techniques such as computed tomography, has been associated with hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance which may lead to NIDDM among genetically susceptible individuals, hypertriglyceridemia, elevated LDL particle concentration, increased proportion of small-dense LDL particles and reduced plasma HDL cholesterol concentrations. Results from the prospective Quebec Cardiovascular Study have shown that the cluster of metabolic abnormalities found in insulin resistant dyslipidemic men is associated with a substantial increase in the risk of ischemic heart disease (IHD). As we have shown that most visceral obese patients have plasma cholesterol levels in the normal range, it is suggested that MD risk in these individuals should be more appropriately assessed, in addition to conventional risk variables, by a triad of metabolic abnormalities which include hyperinsulinemia, elevated apo B concentration and small-dense LDL particles. This triad of atherogenic metabolic complications is found also in the pre-diabetic state or among individuals who may never develop NIDDM. Thus, screening for the presence of the atherogenic triad before the occurrence of hyperglycemia may be cost-effective, if simple screening tools are available. Indeed, it may be relevant to consider an approach in which a high proportion of visceral obese individuals with the insulin resistance dyslipidemic syndrome could be identified. We have noted that about 80% of men with waist circumference values above 90 cm and with fasting triglyceride levels above 2.0 mmol / L were characterized by the presence of the atherogenic metabolic triad (hyperinsulinemia, elevated apo B levels and small, dense LDL phenotype). Thus, simple and inexpensive variables such as the waist circumference and fasting triglyceride levels may be helpful markers to improve our screening of high risk patients.
Very Early Carotid Endarterectomy After Intravenous Thrombolysis; Objective/Background: The timing of carotid endarterectomy (CEA) after thrombolysis is still a matter of debate. The aim of this study was to analyse a cohort of patients undergoing urgent endarterectomy after intravenous thrombolysis for acute ischaemic stroke. Methods: This was an observational study. Prospective databases were reviewed and matched to identify patients who underwent CEA early after intravenous thrombolysis (2009-14). The focus was carotid surgery performed within 12 hours of stroke onset in patients with a high grade (>= 70%) symptomatic carotid stenosis, associated with vulnerable plaques or stroke in evolution, and evidence of a significant salvageable ischaemic penumbra on perfusion computed tomography scan. Demographic and clinical information, as well as data on relevant outcomes were extracted. Results: Thirty four consecutive stroke patients who underwent CEA within 2 weeks of thrombolysis for acute ischaemic stroke and ipsilateral high grade carotid stenosis were identified. In 11 patients the surgical procedure was performed within 12 hours of the onset of symptoms. All patients showed a clinical improvement after combined treatment. The 3 month outcome was favourable (modified Rankin Scale <= 2) in 10 patients. No haemorrhagic complications were registered. There was neither peri-operative stroke nor stroke within 3 months of surgery. One patient died from acute myocardial infarction 3 days after intervention. Conclusion: This experience suggests that very early CEA after thrombolysis, aimed at removing the source of potential embolisation and restoring blood flow, may be safe and can lead to a favourable outcome. (C) 2015 European Society for Vascular Surgery. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Relation of dietary inorganic arsenic to serum matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) at different threshold concentrations of tap water arsenic; Arsenic (As) exposure is associated with cancer, lung and cardiovascular disease, yet the mechanisms involved are not clearly understood. Elevated matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) levels are also associated with these diseases, as well as with exposure to water As. Our objective was to evaluate the effects of dietary components of inorganic As (iAs) intake on serum MMP-9 concentration at differing levels of tap water As. In a cross-sectional study of 214 adults, dietary iAs intake was estimated from 24-h dietary recall interviews using published iAs residue data; drinking and cooking water As intake from water samples and consumption data. Aggregate iAs intake (food plus water) was associated with elevated serum MMP-9 in mixed model regression, with and without adjustment for covariates. In models stratified by tap water As, aggregate intake was a significant positive predictor of serum MMP-9 in subjects exposed to water As <= 10 mu g/l. Inorganic As from food alone was associated with serum MMP-9 in subjects exposed to tap water As <= 3 mu g/l. Exposure to iAs from food and water combined, in areas where tap water As concentration is <= 10 mu g/l, may contribute to As-induced changes in a biomarker associated with toxicity.
Reliability of electrocardiogram interpretation in critically ill patients; Objective., To assess the intrarater and interrater reliability of electrocardiogram (ECG) interpretation in critically ill patients and to assess the effect of knowledge of cardiac troponin values on these reliability estimates. Design: Prospective cohort study. Setting. Fifteen-bed medical-surgical intensive care unit. Patients: Consecutive adults admitted over a 2-month period. Measurements and Results. All consecutive 12-lead ECGs were interpreted independently by two raters for the presence of myocardial ischemia or infarction and secondarily for specific ischemic ECG abnormalities. The ECGs were first interpreted blinded to the patient's troponin levels and reinterpreted on two separate occasions, blinded and unblinded to the troponin values. Results are reported using chance-independent agreement (phi) with associated 95% confidence intervals. For the presence of ischemia or infarction, the intrarater reliability ranged from fair to moderate (phi = 0.35 [95% confidence interval = 0.16, 0.52] and 0.59 [0.33, 0.77] for the two raters, respectively); interrater reliability was slight when blinded to troponin levels (phi = 0.18 [0.03, 0.32]) and increased to moderate when the raters were unblinded to troponin values (phi = 0.52 [0.33, 0.66], p value for the difference =.004). For specific ECG changes, the intrarater and interrater reliability were low for T-wave flattening, whereas detection of a left bundle branch block showed high reliability. Conclusions: ECG interpretation in critically ill patients for the presence of myocardial ischemia or infarction showed moderate reliability at best; however, there was high reliability for specific ECG changes. Knowledge of the patient's troponin values increased the reliability for all studied ECG changes and resulted in a statistically significant increase in the interrater reliability for diagnosing myocardial ischemia or infarction. Additional studies assessing the appropriate methods of diagnosing myocardial ischemia and infarction and assessing the reliability of these diagnostic tests in critically ill patients are required.
Impact of 24-hr In-Hospital Interventional Cardiology Team on Timeliness of Reperfusion for ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction; Objective: We studied the effect of 24 hr a day, 7 days a week interventional cardiology staff on door-to-balloon (D2B) time and mortality in patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PPCI) for ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEM!). Background: Any delay in PPCI in acute STEMI is associated with higher mortality and, therefore, time to treatment should be as short as possible. Despite the use of several strategies, goal D2B time of <90 min remains elusive. Methods: The study examined 790 consecutive STEMI patients treated with PPCI as the reperfusion therapy of choice. Patients were grouped into a pre-24 x 7 and post-24 x 7 cohort to study the impact of the new protocol on D2B time and major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) and mortality. Results: Median D2B time decreased from 99 min in the pre-24 x 7 group to 55 min in the post-24 x 7 group (P = 0.001) and was not influenced by time of day or day of week. Adjusted for patient and clinical characteristics, the pre-24 x 7 group had increased in-hospital cardiovascular mortality (odds ratio 1.94, 95% confidence interval 0.95-3.94; P = 0.048) and MACE (odds ratio 1.66, 95% confidence interval 1.10-2.49; P = 0.009) compared with the post-24 x 7 group. Prolonged D2B time was also associated with higher 1-year overall mortality in the pre-24 x 7 group compared with the post-24 x 7 group (12.8% vs. 8.1%; hazard ratio 1.17, 95% confidence interval 1.04-2.66; P = 0.044). Conclusions: Round-the-clock, in-hospital interventional cardiology team consistently and significantly reduces D2B time, in-hospital cardiovascular mortality, MACE, and 1-year mortality in patients with STEMI. (C) 2010 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Triglycerides and HDL-cholesterol as risk factors for ischemic heart disease. Results from the Quebec cardiovascular study; The relative importance of reduced plasma high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) levels and elevated plasma triglyceride (TG) concentrations as risk factors for ischemic heart disease (IHD) was examined in a sample of 2177 men from the Quebec City suburbs. The sample included 202 men with known IHD. The relationship between HDL-C and TG levels, although significant (r = -0.49, P < 0.0001), was not linear, as most of the variation in HDL-C levels was observed within TG levels below 2.5 mmol/l. Reduced HDL-C (< 0.9 mmol/l) was a prevalent condition in men with IHD (50%) compared to. those without IHD (30%). On the other hand 26% and 20% of men with and without IHD, respectively, had elevated TG levels (TG > 2.3 mmol/l). A 2-fold increase in prevalence odds ratio (OR) was observed in men with TG levels > 2.3 mmol/l (95% confidence intervals (CI) [1.2;3.3]). No residual association between elevated TG levels and IHD was found, however, after adjustment for HDL-C concentrations (OR 1.2, 95% CI 0.7;2.1). On the other hand, HDL-C remained a significant predictor of IHD after adjustment fbr other risk factors (OR 0.3, 95%, CI 0.2;0.6). Men with reduced HDL-C levels were also characterized by a cluster of risk factors such as obesity, diabetes mellitus and hypertension, which may contribute to increase the risk of IHD. Finally, the independent interpretation of cholesterol, TG or LDL-C levels may lead to an inadequate prediction of risk, as a large number of IHD patients showed a duster of risk factors which included low HDL-C concentrations.
Missed Ischemic Stroke Diagnosis in the Emergency Department by Emergency Medicine and Neurology Services; Background and Purpose- The failure to recognize an ischemic stroke in the emergency department is a missed opportunity for acute interventions and for prompt treatment with secondary prevention therapy. Our study examined the diagnosis of acute ischemic stroke in the emergency department of an academic teaching hospital and a large community hospital. Methods- A retrospective chart review was performed from February 2013 to February 2014. Results- A total of 465 patients with ischemic stroke were included in the analysis; 280 patients from the academic hospital and 185 patients from the community hospital. One hundred three strokes were initially misdiagnosed that is 22% of the included strokes at the combined centers. Fifty-five of these were missed at the academic hospital (20%) and 48 were at the community hospital (26%, P=0.11). Thirty-three percent of missed cases presented within a 3-hour time window for recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator eligibility. An additional 11% presented between 3 and 6 hours of symptom onset for endovascular consideration. Symptoms independently associated with greater odds of a missed stroke diagnosis were nausea/vomiting (odds ratio, 4.02; 95% confidence interval, 1.60-10.1), dizziness (odds ratio, 1.99; 95% confidence interval, 1.03-3.84), and a positive stroke history (odds ratio, 2.40; 95% confidence interval, 1.30-4.42). Thirty-seven percent of posterior strokes were initially misdiagnosed compared with 16% of anterior strokes (P < 0.001). Conclusions- Atypical symptoms associated with posterior circulation strokes lead to misdiagnoses. This was true at both an academic center and a large community hospital. Future studies need to focus on the evaluation of identification systems and tools in the emergency department to improve the accuracy of stroke diagnosis.
Bangladeshi patients present with non-classic features of acute myocardial infarction and are treated less aggressively in east London, UK; Objective: To analyse differences in the presentation and management of Bangladeshi and white patients with Q wave acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Design: Prospective observational study. Setting: East London teaching hospital. Participants: 263 white and 108 Bangladeshi patients admitted with Q wave AMI. Main outcome measure: Character of presenting symptoms, their interpretation by the patient, and the provision of emergency treatment. Results: There were no significant differences between Bangladeshi and white patients in the time from pain onset to hospital arrival (arrival time 64.5 (117.5) minutes v 63.0 (140.3) minutes, p = 0.63), but once in hospital it took almost twice as long for Bangladeshi as for white patients to receive thrombolysis (median (interquartile range) door to needle time 42.5 (78.0) minutes v 26.0 (47.7) minutes, p = 0.012). Bangladeshis were significantly less likely than whites to complain of central chest pain (odds ratio (OR) 0.11, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.03 to 0.38; p = 0.0006) or to offer classic descriptions of the character of the pain (OR 0.25, 95% CI 0.09 to 0.74; p = 0.0118). These differences persisted after adjustment for age, sex, and risk factor profile differences including diabetes. Proportions of Bangladeshi and whites interpreting their symptoms as "heart attack" were similar (45.2% v 46.9%; p = 0.99). Conclusions: Bangladeshi patients with AMI often present with atypical symptoms, which may lead to slower triage in the casualty department and delay in essential treatment. This needs recognition by emergency staff if mortality rates in this high risk group are to be reduced.
Influence of ST-Segment Recovery on Infarct Size and Ejection Fraction in Patients With ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction Receiving Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; In patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction treated with fibrinolytics, electrocardiogram-derived measures of ST-segment recovery guide therapy decisions and predict infarct size. The comprehension of these relationships in patients undergoing mechanical reperfusion is limited. We studied 144 patients treated with primary percutaneous coronary intervention. We aimed to define the association between infarct size as determined by cardiac magnetic resonance imaging and different metrics of ST-segment recovery. Electrocardiograms were assessed at baseline and 90 minutes after primary percutaneous coronary intervention. Three methods for calculating and categorizing ST-segment recovery were used: (1) summed ST-segment deviation (STD) resolution analyzed in 3 categories (>= 70%, >= 30% to <70%, and <30%); (2) single-lead STD resolution analyzed in the same 3 categories; (3) worst-lead residual STD analyzed in 3 categories (<1 mm, 1 to <2 mm, and >= 2 mm). Infarct size and ejection fraction were assessed at 4 months by cardiac magnetic resonance imaging. All 3 ST-segment recovery algorithms predicted the final infarct size and cardiac function. Worst-lead residual STD performed the same as, or better than, the more complex methods and identified large subgroups at either end of the risk spectrum (median infarct size from the lowest to highest risk category (percentage of left ventricle: 7.7% [interquartile range 10.8], 13.1% [interquartile range 13.6]; 24.6% [interquartile range 21.1]); with adjusted odds ratios for infarct size greater than the median (reference <1 mm): 1 to <2 mm, odds ratio 2.3 (95% confidence interval 0.8 to 5.9); >= 2 mm, odds ratio 6.3 (95% confidence interval 1.7 to 23.7; c-index 0.781). In conclusion, an electrocardiogram obtained early after primary percutaneous coronary intervention analyzed by a simple algorithm provided prognostic information on the final infarct size and cardiac function. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2010;105: 1223-1228)
Hyperinsulinemia and the development of ST-T electrocardiographic abnormalities - An 11-year follow-up study; OBJECTIVE - It has been suggested that insulin resistance and consequent hyperinsulinemia promote atherosclerosis, but few prospective studies have reported the relationships between hyperinsulinemia and the development of ST-T abnormalities in the 12-lead resting electrocardiogram (EGG) in populations in which atherosclerosis is rare. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A total of 304 Japanese men and women, aged 20-69 years, selected for having high blood glucose or more than a trace-positive urine glucose from a population-based health examination in 1981, were followed for 11 years. Of these, 33 died, 1 from myocardial infarction, while 260/271 living were reexamined in 1992, The 237 subjects with a normal ECG at the baseline examination were analyzed. RESULTS - Incident ST-T abnormalities occurred in 13/237 people. Insulin concentrations were positively associated with the development of ST-T abnormalities (relative risk similar to 8, comparing those in the highest versus lowest quartile of insulin values). Adjustment for age, sex, and systolic blood pressure or other risk factors had little effect on this relationship. CONCLUSIONS - Hyperinsulinemia was related to the development of ST-T abnormalities in ECGs in the absence of the development of clinical signs of atherosclerosis, independent of blood pressure and other risk factors in men and women with mild glucose intolerance.
Environmental lead exposure is associated with visit-to-visit systolic blood pressure variability in the US adults; The association between environmental lead exposure and blood pressure variability, an important risk factor for cardiovascular disease, is unexplored and unknown. The objective of the study was to test the hypothesis that lead exposure is associated with blood pressure variability. American participants 17 years of age or older from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey III were included in the analysis. Participants' blood lead concentrations expressed as micrograms per deciliter were determined. The standard deviations of visit-to-visit systolic and diastolic blood pressure were calculated to determine blood pressure variability. Multivariable regression analyses adjusted for age, gender, race, smoking and socioeconomic status were employed. The participants' mean age and mean blood lead concentration were 42.72 years and 3.44 mcg/dl, respectively. Systolic blood pressure variability was significantly associated with environmental lead exposure after adjusting for the effect of the confounders. The unadjusted and adjusted means of visit-to-visit systolic blood pressure variability and the beta coefficient of lead exposure were 3.44, 3.33 mcg/dl, beta coefficient = 0.07, P < 0.01. This study documents a positive linear relationship between environmental lead exposure and systolic blood pressure variability. Screening adults with fluctuating blood pressure for lead exposure could be warranted.
Trial of the effects of an advice and relaxation tape given within the first 24 h of admission to hospital with acute myocardial infarction; Background: The study was performed to examine the effects of giving patients with acute myocardial infarction an advice and relaxation audio tape within 24 h of admission to hospital. Methods: A prospective, two-group design was used with 243 subjects randomised to receive either the advice and relaxation tape or a music tape of their choice within 24 h of sustaining a myocardial infarction. Outcomes comprised anxiety, cardiac misconceptions, lifestyle change, attendance at a cardiac rehabilitation programme, and quality of Life. Results: Although the advice and relaxation tape reduced the number of cardiac misconceptions this did not lead to any improvements in outcome, whilst in hospital or at 6 months. Both tapes were equally appreciated by the patients, 98% of whom said that they would recommend them to other patients. Conclusions: An advice and relaxation tape reduces cardiac misconceptions but does not confer any other benefits over a music tape. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Occupational lead exposure and screening of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase polymorphism: useful prevention or nonvoluntary discrimination?; Objective: To discuss regulatory guidelines excluding subjects with erythrocyte glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency from lead-exposed jobs in the light of epidemiology findings on the mortality of these subjects. Methods: Two mortality follow-up studies were conducted. The first comprised 1979 male subjects newly identified as G6PD-deficient during a 1981 screening of the G6PD polymorphism among the general population in Sardinia, Italy. The second comprised 1080 male workers employed in maintenance and production departments of a lead smelting plant, who were divided into two subcohorts by erythrocyte G6PD phenotype. Results: As compared with the general male population, G6PD-deficient subjects had significantly fewer deaths than expected from ischemic heart disease (standardized mortality ratio (SMR) = 28: 95% CI 10-62), cerebrovascular diseases (SMR = 22; 95% CI 6-55), and liver cirrhosis (SMR = 12; 95% CI 0-66). Among lead smelters the standardized mortality rates from cardiovascular diseases and all cancers observed among the G6PD-deficient subcohort were lower than those seen among subjects with the wild-type G6PD. No death from disease of the blood and hematopoietic system was observed among G6PD-deficient subjects in these two follow-up studies. Conclusions: These studies did not provide evidence of hypersensitivity to lead hematotoxicity among G6PD-deficient individuals at exposure levels within the current standards. Provided that workplace exposure complies with current standards, the hypothetical benefit of excluding G6PD-deficient individuals from lead-exposed jobs should be weighted against the loss of personal abilities and the economic damage in a social environment with diffuse unemployment.
Natural History of Carotid Atherosclerosis in Relation to the Hemodynamic Environment: A Low-Density Lipoprotein Transport Modeling Study With Serial Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Humans; Carotid atherosclerosis may lead to devastating clinical outcomes such as stroke. Data on the value of local factors in predicting progression in carotid atherosclerosis are limited. Our aim was to investigate the association of local endothelial shear stress (ESS) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) accumulation with the natural history of atherosclerotic disease using a series of 3 time points of human magnetic resonance data. Three-dimensional lumen/wall reconstruction was performed in 12 carotids, and blood flow and LDL mass transport modeling were performed. Our results showed that an increase in plaque thickness and a decrease in lumen size were associated with low ESS and high LDL accumulation in the arterial wall. Low ESS (odds ratio [OR]: 2.99; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 2.31-3.88; P < .001 vs higher ESS) and high LDL concentration (OR: 3.26; 95% CI: 2.44-4.36; P < .001 vs higher LDL concentration) were significantly associated with substantial local plaque growth. Low ESS and high LDL accumulation both presented a diagnostic accuracy of 67% for predicting plaque growth regions. Modeling of blood flow and LDL mass transport show promise in predicting progression of carotid atherosclerosis.
Phosphodiesterase 4D Single-Nucleotide Polymorphism 83 and Cognitive Dysfunction in Carotid Endarterectomy Patients; BACKGROUND: Phosphodiesterase 4D (PDE4D), through the regulation of cyclic AMP, modulates inflammation and other processes that affect atherosclerosis and stroke. A PDE4D polymorphism, single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) 83 (rs966221), is associated with ischemic stroke. The association of SNP 83 with postoperative cognitive dysfunction has never been investigated. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether SNP 83 is associated with cognitive dysfunction 1 day and 1 month following carotid endarterectomy (CEA). METHODS: Three hundred fourteen patients with high-grade carotid stenosis scheduled for CEA consented to participate in this single-center cohort study of cognitive dysfunction. RESULTS: Patients with the C/C genotype of SNP 83 exhibited significantly more cognitive dysfunction at 1 day (29.7%) than the C/T (15.8%, P = .008) and T/T (12.7%, P = .01) genotypes. In a multivariate logistic regression model, C/T and T/T genotypes were both associated with significantly decreased odds of cognitive dysfunction compared with the C/C genotype (odds ratio, 0.45 [0.24-0.83], P = .01 and odds ratio, 0.33 [0.12-0.77], P = .02). There were no significant associations at 1 month. CONCLUSION: The C/C genotype of SNP 83 is significantly associated with the highest incidence of cognitive dysfunction 1 day following CEA in comparison with the C/T and T/T genotypes. This PDE4D genotype may lead to accelerated cyclic AMP degradation and subsequently elevated inflammation 1 day after CEA. These observations, in conjunction with previous studies, suggest that elevated inflammatory states may be partially responsible for the development of cognitive dysfunction after CEA, but more investigation is required.
Bedside risk stratification after acute myocardial infarction: Prospective evaluation of the use of heart rate and left ventricular function; Objective: This study evaluated the predictive power of heart rate (HR) assessed from the standard 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) or from Holter recordings for future mortality and arrhythmic events in survivors of acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Methods: Data from 432 consecutive survivors of AMI (343 men, 89 women; mean [SD] age, 58 [11] years) were analyzed. Heart rate was assessed from a standard 12-lead ECG and from 24-hour Holler recordings obtained at hospital discharge. In addition, left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) was noninvasively determined. The study end point was prospectively defined as a composite end point comprising mortality and arrhythmic events (ie, sudden death, resuscitated ventricular fibrillation, sustained ventricular tachycardia). Patients were followed for an average (SD) of 41 (25) months. Results: Patient age, LVEF, and HR were univariate risk predictors of event-free survival. Multivariate analysis by means of a stepwise regression analysis revealed LVEF (chi(2) 11.4, P = .0007), age (chi(2) 9.2, P = .02), and HR assessed from the standard 12-lead ECG (chi(2) 7.1, P = .008) as independent risk parameters. Conclusions: Bedside risk stratification of survivors of AMI is feasible using simple parameters such as age, LVEF, and HR. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Seafood intake, polyunsaturated fatty acids, blood mercury, and serum C-reactive protein in US National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (2005-2006); We examined the association between seafood consumption, mercury concentration, polyunsaturated fatty acids, selenium, and Vitamin D in relation to C-reactive protein using the cross-sectional US National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2005-2006. We hypothesized that seafood consumption and fatty acids will be negatively associated, and mercury will be positively associated with C-reactive protein, and that statistical adjustment for these factors will alleviate confounding thereby making these associations more apparent. The study sample included 1217 participants (706 males, 511 females) aged 16-49. Sex-stratified sample weighted multiple linear regression models revealed no associations of mercury, polyunsaturated fatty acids, fish intake, selenium, or vitamin D with serum C-reactive protein. However, when all variables were included together in one model, fish intake was associated with lower levels of CRP in females suggesting confounding in models that do not mutually adjust for seafood contaminants and nutrients. Prospective studies are needed to confirm these findings.
Defining low risk for coronary heart disease among women with chest pain syndrome: A prospective evaluation; Background: A better understanding of the clinical manifestations of coronary disease in women may lead to earlier recognition and better outcomes. Methods: One hundred fifty-eight women coming to primary care physicians, emergency rooms, or cardiology clinics with undefined chest pain and at least two risk factors underwent detailed clinical evaluation of risk factor profile and symptom characteristics as well as stress testing. The significance of the presenting symptoms was evaluated on the basis of clinical events during an average 26.2 months of follow-up. Noncardiac pain was diagnosed on the basis of spontaneous resolution of symptoms, establishment of an alternative diagnosis, or negative coronary angiography. Cardiac chest pain was established by the development of cardiac clinical events or angiographic demonstration of coronary disease. Results: Noncardiac chest pain was established in 128 (81%) patients. The remaining 30 (19%) either were found to have had cardiac chest pain or remain symptomatic without definitive diagnosis. Multivariate analysis revealed that noncardiac chest pain was best predicted by a combination of nondiabetic status and negative stress testing. The clinical characteristics of the chest pain syndrome were not significant contributors. Conclusions: In nondiabetic women with chest pain syndrome and at least two other cardiac risk factors, a negative stress test predicts a benign course in over 2 years of follow-up.
Early outcome assessment for 2228 consecutive carotid endarterectomy procedures: The Cleveland clinic experience from 1989 to 1995; Purpose: Several randomized trials now have established guidelines regarding patient selection for carotid endarterectomy (CEA) that have been widely accepted but have little relevance unless they are considered in the context of perioperative risk. The purpose of this study was to demonstrate the feasibility of early outcome assessment using a computerized database. Methods: Since 1989 demographic information and in-hospital results for all surgical procedures performed by the members of our department have been entered into a prospective registry. For the purpose of this report, we have analyzed the stroke and mortality rates for 2228 consecutive CEAs (2046 patients), including 1924 that were performed as isolated operations and 304 that were combined with simultaneous coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). This series incidentally contains a total of 153 reoperations for recurrent carotid stenosis. Results: The respective stroke and mortality rates were 0.5% and 1.8% for all isolated CEAs, 4.3% and 5.3% for all CEA-CABG procedures, and 4.6% and 2.0% for carotid reoperations. According to a multivariable statistical model, the composite stroke and mortality rate for isolated CEA was significantly influenced by female gender (p = 0.050), by the urgency of intervention (p = 0.026), and by carotid reoperations (p = 0.024). Gender (p = 0.030) and urgency (p = 0.040) also were associated with differences in the stroke rate alone; furthermore, the incidence of perioperative stroke was higher in conjunction with synthetic patching (odds ratio, 2.6; 95% confidence interval, 1.2 to 5.3) and was marginally higher with primary arteriotomy closure (odds ratio, 2.7; 95% confidence interval, 0.8 to 9.5) compared with vein patch angioplasty (1.3%). The method used to repair the arteriotomy was the only independent factor that qualified for the multivariable composite stroke and mortality models that were applied to the combined CEA-CABG procedures, but too few patients in this cohort had synthetic patches or primary closure to validate the perceived superiority of vein patching. Conclusions: Prospective outcome assessment is essential to reconcile the indications for CEA with its actual results, and it may lead incidentally to important observations concerning patient care.
Usefulness of an Upright T-Wave in Lead aVR for Predicting the Short-Term Prognosis of Incident Hernodialysis Patients: A Potential Tool for Screening High-Risk Hemodialysis Patients; Background/Aims: An upright T-wave in lead aVR (aVRT) has recently been reported to be associated with cardiovascular death and mortality among the general population and patients with prior cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, evidence for the predictive ability of aVRT in patients with chronic kidney disease is lacking. Therefore, a hospital-based, prospective, cohort study was conducted to evaluate the predictive ability of an upright aVRT for the short-term prognosis in incident hemodialysis patients. Methods: Among 208 patients who started maintenance hemodialysis, 79 with preexisting CVD (CVD cohort) and 129 with no history of CVD (non-CVD cohort), were studied. An upright and non-upright aVRT were defined as a wave with a positive deflection in amplitude of >= 0 mV and a negative deflection in amplitude of <0 my, respectively. The endpoint was all-cause death. Results: Overall, the prevalence of an upright aVRT was 22.6% at baseline. During the mean follow-up period of 2.1 +/- 1.0 years, 33 deaths occurred. Cumulative survival rates at 3 years after starting dialysis in patients with an upright and non-upright aVRT were 50.0 and 80.7%, respectively, in the CVD cohort and 92.0 and 91.3%, respectively, in the non-CVD cohort. In the CVD cohort, multivariate Cox regression analysis showed that an upright aVRT was an independent predictor of death after adjusting for confounding variables. Conclusion: Among Japanese hemodialysis patients at high risk for CVD, an upright aVRT seems to be useful for predicting death. (C) 2015 S. Karger AG, Basel
Value of the 12-lead electrocardiogram to define the level of obstruction in acute anterior wall myocardial infarction: Correlation to coronary angiography and clinical outcome in the DANAMI-2 trial; Background: Acute anterior myocardial infarction ( MI) caused by proximal occlusion of the left anterior descending coronary artery ( LAD), is associated with unfavourable outcome and should be recognized by simple noninvasive methods like the 12-lead electrocardiogram ( ECG). Methods: In a prospective post-hoc DANAMI-2 substudy we compared two pre-specified ECG patterns to determine the level of LAD occlusion. The ECG findings were correlated to coronary angiography from the acute phase. The impact on clinical outcome of ECG and angiographic signs of proximal versus distal LAD occlusion was studied. Results: In 146 patients without confounding factors on the ECG, either ST-elevation >= 0.5 mm in lead aVL or any ST-elevation in lead aVR in association with precordial ST-segment elevation in at least two contiguous leads ( including V(2), V(3) or V(4)) had a sensitivity of 94%, specificity of 49%, positive predictive value of 85% and negative predictive value of 71% to predict a proximal LAD lesion. Surprisingly, ECG or angiographic signs of lesion proximality were not associated with worse outcome at 30 day or 2.7 year follow-up. Conclusions: The site of occlusion in the LAD could be reliably predicted by 12-lead ECG in patients with acute anterior MI. The prognostic significance of the level of occlusion in the LAD in the modern era of acute ST-elevation MI treatment should be reassessed. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
A prospective study of variability in systolic blood pressure and mortality in a rural Bangladeshi population cohort; Objective. Limited studies suggest that blood pressure variability over time is a risk factor of long-term cardiovascular outcomes. However, most of these were in populations with pre-existing cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and studies in general population are lacking. Methods. The study included 11,153 participants in a population-based, prospective cohort study in Araihazar, Bangladesh. Resting blood pressure was measured at baseline and every two years thereafter. Participants were followed up for an average of 6.5 years (2002-2009). Results. Male gender, older age, baseline systolic blood pressure (SBP), and absence of betel leaf use were independently positively associated with greater SBP variability overtime. There was a significant association between SBP variability and the risk of death from overall CVD, especially from major CVD events. The positive association with the risk of death from any cause and stroke in age- and sex-adjusted models was attenuated in fully-adjusted models. In addition, the hazard ratio (HR) of stroke mortality was greater for individuals with both high baseline and high SBP variability. Similar patterns of HRs were observed for all-cause and CVD mortalities. Conclusion. In this rural Bangladeshi population, variability in SBP contributes to the risk of death from CVD and may further potentiate the increased mortality risk associated with high SBP. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Intracoronary thrombectomy improves myocardial reperfusion in patients undergoing direct angioplasty for acute myocardial infarction; OBJECTIVES We sought to evaluate the effects of mechanical thrombectomy on myocardial reperfusion during direct angioplasty for acute myocardial infarction (AMI). BACKGROUND Embolization of thrombus and plaque debris may occur during direct an This may lead to distal vessel or side branch occlusion and to obstructions in the microvascular system, resulting in impaired myocardial reperfusion. Mechanical thrombectomy is used to reduce distal embolization. METHODS Ninety-two patients with AMI and angiographic evidence of intraluminal thrombus were randomized to either intracoronary thrombectomy followed by stenting or to a conventional strategy of stenting. Thrombectomy was performed using the X-Sizer catheter (EndiCOR Inc., San Clemente, California). Myocardial reperfusion was assessed by myocardial blush and ST resolution. RESULTS Postprocedure Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction-3 flow was not different between groups (93.5% vs. 95.7%, p = 0.39). Myocardial blush-3 was observed in 71.7% of patients undergoing thrombectomy and in 36.9% of patients undergoing conventional strategy (p = 0.006). ST-segment resolution greater than or equal to50% occurred more often in patients undergoing thrombectomy (82.6% vs. 52.2%, p = 0.001). By multivariate analysis, adjunctive thrombectomy was an independent predictor of blush-3 (odds ratio, 3.27; 95% confidence interval, 1.06 to 10.05; p = 0.039). CONCLUSIONS Intracoronary thrombectomy as adjunct to stenting during direct angioplasty for AMI improves myocardial reperfusion as assessed by myocardial blush and ST resolution. (C) 2003 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Clinical and electrocardiographic variables associated with increased risk of ventricular septal defect in acute anterior myocardial infarction; It is unknown whether the risk factors associated with the development of ventricular septal defect (VSD) after acute myocardial infarction (MI) remain the same when thrombolytic therapy is used, nor have specific electrocardiographic patterns of acute MI associated with the development of VSD been identified. Our study population included patients with an anterior MI enrolled in the GUSTO-I study. Baseline clinical data were collected prospectively for all patients. Patients in whom VSD was suspected by the local investigators at each site were evaluated retrospectively. Baseline clinical and electrocardiographic variables were compared between 2 groups: 10,847 patients without VSD (99.6%) and 48 patients with confirmed VSD (0.4%). Multivariate analysis showed the following clinical variables to be independent predictors of VSD: age (odds ratio [OR] 2.19, 95% confidence intervals [CI] 1.62 to 2.98; p <0.001), female gender (OR 5.07, 95% CI 2.70 to 9.98; p <0.001), and lack of previous angina (OR 2.11, 95% CI 1.12 to 4.29; p = 0.021). Two electrocardiographic variables predicted acute VSD: the magnitude of ST deviation in lead III (OR 1.55, 95% CI 1.12 to 2.21; p 0.007) and in lead V-2 (p <0.001). However, the relation between the ST amplitude in lead V2 and the risk for VSD was nonlinear. In patients with anterior MI who underwent thrombolysis, the risk factors for VSD were age, female gender, and lack of previous angina, Previous infarction was not a risk factor. Less ST-segment depression in lead III was a predictor of VSD. (C) 2000 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
ST-Segment Elevation in the Right Precordial Leads in Patients with Acute Anterior Myocardial Infarction; Background: Elevation of ST segment in leads V3R/V4R, which is commonly encountered in right ventricular myocardial infarction, may also occur in patients with anterior ST elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). However, the clinical impact of this finding in the setting of anterior myocardial infarction is not well understood. Aims: We aimed to investigate the prognostic value of ST segment elevation in leads V3R/V4R in patients with first acute anterior myocardial infarction. Study Design: Prospective cohort study. Methods: Right precordial leads V3R/V4R were recorded in 111 patients admitted with first time anterior myocardial infarction. Patients were allocated into two groups based on the presence or absence of ST elevation in leads V3R/V4R. Demographic, biochemical and echocardiographic data, as well as the angiographic information, were recorded. In-hospital and 3 month mortality, and major adverse cardiac events (MACE), death, heart failure and ventricular dysrhythmia were also compared. Results: ST elevation in lead V3R or V4R was present in 72 out of 111 patients (64.9%). Involvement of the proximal part of the left anterior descending (LAD) artery was not different in the two groups (44.4% of patients with elevation vs. 53.8% of patients without elevation, p=0.22). Post-myocardial infarction complications, mortality and major adverse cardiac events were similar in the two groups. Left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) was significantly lower in patients with ST elevation in V3R/V4R (35 %+/- 8 vs. 38 %+/- 8, p=0.02). Twenty three out of 111 patients (20.7%) developed heart failure, which was similar in the two groups [16 (22.2%) of patients with ST elevation vs. 7 (17.9%) of patients without ST elevation, p=0.39]. Conclusion: Although ST elevation in V3R/V4R can be present in patients with left anterior descending artery occlusion, it does not seem to predict the prognosis. Lower left ventricular ejection fraction in this group may play a role in the long-term prognosis; however, this issue needs further investigation.
Correlation of Reciprocal Changes and QRS Amplitude in ECG to Left Ventricular Dysfunction, Wall Motion Score and Clinical Outcome in First Time ST Elevation Myocardial Infarction; Introduction: Electrocardiogram ( ECG) is the simplest tool for diagnosing ST Elevation Myocardial Infarction (STEMI). We can use a12 lead ECG for prognostication purposes also. Aim: The aim of the study was to find out the role of ECG as a prognostic marker in terms of clinical outcome and wall motion abnormality. Materials and Methods: It was a prospective study done in PSG Institute of Medical Sciences and Research, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India, from January 2014 to September 2014. Patients aged above 18 years admitted with first episode of ST EMI as per the inclusion and exclusion criteria were recruited for the study. Presence of reciprocal changes and QRS amplitude was measured from ECG. Presence of Left Ventricular Dysfunction (LVD) and wall motion score were calculated from ECG along with clinical outcome during first follow up visit. Statistical analysis was done using SPSS software. Probability was calculated using chi-square test, independent t-test and ANOVA analysis. Results: A total of 120 patients were recruited for the study of which six were excluded based on the exclusion criteria. Among 114 patients analysed, 55 had reciprocal changes; 38 of them developed LVD which was statistically significant (p=0.002). Of the 78 patients with Anterior Wall Myocardial Infarction (AWMI), 35 had reciprocal changes; 15 (42.9%) of them had NYHA Class 1 symptoms, 14 (40%) had Class II and 4 (11%) had class III symptoms at follow up. The association was statistically significant (p=0.001). Similar statistically significant association was found in patients with Inferior Wall Myocardial Infarction (IWMI) who had reciprocal changes and NYHA symptoms at follow up (p=0.004). The mean wall motion score in patients with AWMI and reciprocal changes was 24.83 +/- 4.1; whereas, without reciprocal changes was 23.98 +/- 3.6; the association was not statistically significant. The mean QRS amplitude of all patients with LVD was 33.25 +/- 16.34. The association between QRS amplitude and LVD was not statistically significant. The overall mean wall motion score was 24.86 +/- 3.91. The association between QRS amplitude and wall motion score was statistically significant (r value = 0.210). The association between QRS amplitude and wall motion score was statistically significant when we analysed AWMI (r= -0.147, p=0.199) and IWMI (r=-0.359, p=0.031) separately. Conclusion: ECG can be used as a tool for prognostication in acute STEMI. The presence of reciprocal changes in the ECG can signify poorer outcome on follow up. Lower QRS amplitude can be used as a predictor of larger infarct.
Younger stroke survivors have reduced access to physician care and medications - National Health Interview Survey from years 1998 to 2002; Background: More than 5 million US stroke survivors require comprehensive care for risk factor modification and secondary prevention. Younger stroke survivors may have reduced access to physician care and medications because they are more frequently uninsured. Objective: To assess age-related differences in access to physician care and medications among stroke survivors (aged 45-64 years vs >= 65 years). Design: National Health Interview Survey from years 1998 to 2002. Setting: A US population-based survey. Participants: Stroke survivors (n=3681) aged 45 years and older among 159 985 survey respondents. Main Outcome Measures: General doctor visit, medical specialist visit, and inability to afford medications within the last 12 months. Results: Compared with older stroke survivors, younger stroke survivors more frequently reported no general doctor visit (10% vs 14%, respectively; P=.002), no general doctor or medical specialist visit (5% vs 8%, respectively; P=.003), and the inability to afford medications (6% vs 15%, respectively; P <.001). Younger age was independently associated with no general doctor visit (odds ratio, 1.40; 95% confidence interval, 1.04-1.88), no general doctor or medical specialist visit ( odds ratio, 1.69; 95% confidence interval, 1.14-2.52), and the inability to afford medications (odds ratio, 2.94; 95% confidence interval, 2.19-3.94) after adjusting for sex, race, income, neurological disability, health status, and comorbidity. With further adjustment for health insurance, younger age remained independently associated with the inability to afford medications but not the lack of physician visits. Conclusions: Stroke survivors younger than 65 years reported worse access to physician care and medication affordability than older stroke survivors. Inadequate access among younger stroke survivors may lead to inadequate risk factor modification and recurrent cardiovascular events.
Cadmium exposure and incidence of heart failure and atrial fibrillation: a population-based prospective cohort study; Objectives: Cadmium is a non-essential toxic metal with multiple adverse health effects. Cadmium has been shown to be associated with cardiovascular diseases, but few studies have investigated heart failure (HF) and none of them reported atrial fibrillation (AF). We examined whether cadmium exposure is associated with incidence of HF or AF. Design: A prospective, observational cohort study with a 17-year follow-up. Setting: The city of Malmo, Sweden. Participants: Blood cadmium levels were measured in 4378 participants without a history of HF or AF (aged 46-67 years, 60% women), who participated in the Malmo Diet and Cancer (MDC) study during 1992-1994. Primary and secondary outcome measures: Incidence of HF and AF were identified from the Swedish hospital discharge register. Results: 143 participants (53% men) were diagnosed with new-onset HF and 385 individuals (52% men) were diagnosed with new-onset AF during follow-up for 17 years. Blood cadmium in the sex-specific 4th quartile of the distribution was significantly associated with incidence of HF. The (HR, 4th vs 1st quartile) was 2.64 (95% CI 1.60 to 4.36), adjusted for age, and 1.95 (1.02 to 3.71) after adjustment also for conventional risk factors and biomarkers. The blood cadmium level was not significantly associated with risk of incident AF. Conclusions: Blood cadmium levels in the 4th quartile were associated with increased incidence of HF in this cohort with comparatively low exposure to cadmium. Incidence of AF was not associated with cadmium.
Electrocardiographic alterations after chronic right ventricular apical pacing in patients with sinus node dysfunction; Objective: The purpose of this study is to investigate the potential to induce electrical remodeling by chronic right ventricular apical (RVA) in patients with sinus node dysfunction. Methods: Ninety-two patients with sinus node dysfunction who underwent initial pacemaker implantation were included in the study. During routine clinic visits, electrocardiograms and echocardiograms were recorded. Forty-five patients were also studied as controls. Results: During a mean follow-up time of 3.3 +/- 0.5 years, the intrinsic QRS duration increased from 87 +/- 9 milliseconds before device implantation to 94 +/- 10 milliseconds (P <.001). The left ventricular end-diastolic diameter increased from 46 +/- 3 to 50 +/- 4 mm (P <.001), and the left ventricular ejection fraction decreased from 63% +/- 4% to 57% +/- 5% (P <.001). Logistic regression analysis revealed that elderly age at the time of pacemaker implantation (odds ratio [OR], 3.41; 95% confidence interval [Cl], 1.07-10.90; P=.04), RVA pacing (OR, 3.91; 95% Cl, 1.10-13.89; P=.03), and coronary artery disease (OR, 7.33; 95% Cl, 1.09-50.29; P =.04) were independent predictors of the prolongation of intrinsic QRS duration. Conclusions: The present study indicated that chronic RVA pacing may lead to a prolongation of intrinsic QRS duration, which could be independently predicted by elderly age, chronic RVA pacing, and the presence of coronary artery disease. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Novel Genetic Approach to Investigate the Role of Plasma Secretory Phospholipase A2 (sPLA<sub>2</sub>)-V Isoenzyme in Coronary Heart Disease Modified Mendelian Randomization Analysis Using <i>PLA2G5</i> Expression Levels; Background- Secretory phospholipase A(2) (sPLA(2)) enzymes are considered to play a role in atherosclerosis. sPLA(2) activity encompasses several sPLA(2) isoenzymes, including sPLA(2)-V. Although observational studies show a strong association between elevated sPLA(2) activity and CHD, no assay to measure sPLA(2)-V levels exists, and the only evidence linking the sPLA(2)-V isoform to atherosclerosis progression comes from animal studies. In the absence of an assay that directly quantifies sPLA(2)-V levels, we used PLA2G5 mRNA levels in a novel, modified Mendelian randomization approach to investigate the hypothesized causal role of sPLA(2)-V in coronary heart disease (CHD) pathogenesis. Methods and Results- Using data from the Advanced Study of Aortic Pathology, we identified the single-nucleotide polymorphism in PLA2G5 showing the strongest association with PLA2G5 mRNA expression levels as a proxy for sPLA(2)-V levels. We tested the association of this SNP with sPLA(2) activity and CHD events in 4 prospective and 14 case-control studies with 27 230 events and 70 500 controls. rs525380C > A showed the strongest association with PLA2G5 mRNA expression (P=5.1x10(-6)). There was no association of rs525380C > A with plasma sPLA(2) activity (difference in geometric mean of sPLA(2) activity per rs525380 A-allele 0.4% (95% confidence intervals [-0.9%, 1.6%]; P=0.56). In meta-analyses, the odds ratio for CHD per A-allele was 1.02 (95% confidence intervals [0.99, 1.04]; P=0.20). Conclusions- This novel approach for single-nucleotide polymorphism selection for this modified Mendelian randomization analysis showed no association between rs525380 (the lead single-nucleotide polymorphism for PLA2G5 expression, a surrogate for sPLA(2)-V levels) and CHD events. The evidence does not support a causal role for sPLA(2)-V in CHD.
Variability of Automated Intraoperative ST Segment Values Predicts Postoperative Troponin Elevation; BACKGROUND: Intraoperative electrocardiographic monitoring is considered a standard of care. However, there are no evidence-based algorithms for using intraoperative ST segment data to identify patients at high risk for adverse perioperative cardiac events. Therefore, we performed an exploratory study of statistical measures summarizing intraoperative ST segment values determine whether the variability of these measurements was associated with adverse postoperative events. We hypothesized that elevation, depression, and variability of ST segments captured in an anesthesia information management system are associated with postoperative serum troponin elevation. METHODS: We conducted a single-institution, retrospective study of intraoperative automated ST segment measurements from leads I, II, and III, which were recorded in the electronic anesthesia record of adult patients undergoing noncardiac surgery. The maximum, minimum, mean, and SD of ST segment values were entered into logistic regression models to find independent associations with myocardial injury, defined as an elevated serum troponin concentration during the 7 days after surgery. Performance of these models was assessed by measuring the area under the receiver operator characteristic curve. The net reclassification improvement was calculated to quantify the amount of information that the ST segment values analysis added regarding the ability to predict postoperative troponin elevation. RESULTS: Of 81,011 subjects, 4504 (5.6%) had postoperative myocardial injury. After adjusting for patient characteristics, the ST segment maximal depression (e.g., lead I: odds ratio [OR], 1.66; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.26-2.19; P = 0.0004), maximal elevation (e.g., lead I: OR, 1.70; 95% CI, 1.34-2.17; P < 0.0001), and SD (e.g., lead I: OR, 0.16; 95% CI, 0.06-0.42; P = 0.0002) were found to have statistically significant associations with myocardial injury. Increased SD was associated with decreased risk when accounting for the maximal amount of ST segment depression and elevation and for patient characteristics. The ST segment summary statistics model had fair discrimination, with an area under the receiver operator characteristic curve of 0.71 (95% CI, 0.68-0.73). Addition of ST segment data produced a net reclassification improvement of 0.0345 (95% CI, 0.00016-0.0591; P = 0.0474). CONCLUSIONS: Analysis of automated ST segment values obtained during anesthesia may be useful for improving the prediction of postoperative troponin elevation.
Thrombolytic failure with streptokinase in acute myocardial infarction using electrocardiogram criteria; Introduction: This study was primarily aimed to determine the failure rate of thrombolysis with streptokinase in acute myocardial infarction using electrocardiogram criteria and its association between various independent variables and outcome parameters. Methods: A total of 192 subjects were recruited into this retrospective observational study. Thrombolysis failure with streptokinase was defined using electrocardiogram criteria of less than 50 percent reduction in ST elevation in the worst infarct lead. Multivariate analysis was used to test association with study outcome. Results: A total of 109 patients (56.8 percent) failed thrombolysis using streptokinase. The failures were associated with five variables in multiple logistic regression analysis (backward stepwise method) including anterior location of myocardial infarct (odds-ratio [OR] 0.07, 95 percent confidence interval [CI] 0.03-0.16; p-value is less than 0.001), longer door-to-needle time (OR 1.0 1, 95 percent CI 1.00-1.02;p-value is 0.02), diabetes mellitus (OR 3.13,95 percent CI 1.13-8.69;p-value is 0.03), hypertension (OR 2.06, 95 percent Cl 0.92-4.60; p-value is 0.08) and high total white cell count (OR 1.12, 95 percent CI 1.01-1.24; p-value is 0.03). Thrombolysis failure with streptokinase was associated with recurrent acute coronary syndrome (crude OR 2.49,95 percent CI 1.16-5.32; p-value is 0.02) and death after one year (crude OR 7.61, 95 percent CI 0.95-61.24; p-value is 0.04). Conclusion: This study showed that streptokinase had a failure rate of 56.8 percent. History of diabetes mellitus, history of hypertension, anterior location of myocardial infarction, longer door-to-needle time and high total white cell count were highly predictive of thrombolysis failure using streptokinase. This group of patients may benefit from other early reperfusion strategy.
Predictors and long-term prognostic implications of angiographic slow/no-flow during percutaneous coronary intervention for acute myocardial infarction; Objective In patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI), angiographic slow/no-flow during percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) may lead to unfavorable outcomes. The aim of our study was to investigate the predictors and long-term prognosis of AMI patients with angiographic slow/no-flow. Methods We evaluated 228 consecutive AMI patients with either normal flow (Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction [TIMI] flow grade 3)(n= 192) or slow/no-flow (TIMI-2)(n= 36) based on cineangiograms performed during PCI. Results Multivariable analysis demonstrated that a long lesion (>= 10 mm)(odds ratio [OR], 3.514; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.505-8.206; p=0.004) and acute hyperglycemia (>= 180 mg/dl)(OR, 3.011; 95% CI, 1.211-7.485; p=0.018) were significant and independent predictors of angiographic slow/no-flow. Further, we found that there was a high correlation (89%) for predicting angiographic slow/no-flow when the optimal cut-off values of lesion length (10.45 mm) and blood glucose levels on admission (187.5 mg/dl) were combined as identified by analysis of the receiver operating characteristic curves. One-year mortality and incidence of major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCE) were significantly higher in the slow/no-flow group than that in the normal flow group. Angiographic slow/no-flow was independently predictive of MACCE (hazard ratio [HR], 3.642; 95% CI, 1.208-10.980; p=0.022) and cardiac death ( HR, 5.287; 95% CI, 1.155-24.204; p=0.032). Conclusions Lesion length and blood glucose level on admission can be used to stratify AMI patients into a lower or higher risk for angiographic slow/no-flow before optimal coronary intervention. In addition, angiographic slow/no-flow predicts an adverse outcome in AMI patients.
Medial artery calcification - A neglected harbinger of cardiovascular complications in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; Medial artery calcification (MAC) is a nonobstructive condition leading to reduced arterial compliance that is commonly considered as a nonsignificant finding. The aim of our study was to investigate the predictive value of MAC in relation to 7-year cardiovascular mortality, coronary heart disease (CHD) events, stroke, and lower extremity amputation in 1059 patients (581 men and 478 women) with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). At baseline radiologically detectable MAC in femoral. arteries was found in 439 patients (41.5%) and intimal-type calcification in 310 diabetic patients (29.3%). The mean fasting plasma glucose at baseline was somewhat higher in women and the duration of diabetes somewhat longer in patients with MAC than in those without, but otherwise the presence of MAC was unrelated to conventional cardiovascular risk factors. During the follow-up 305 diabetic patients died: 208 from cardiovascular disease, 158 from CHD, and 34 from stroke. Furthermore, 58 NIDDM patients underwent their first lower extremity amputation. MAC was a strong independent predictor of total (risk factor-adjusted odds ratio and 95% confidence interval: 1.6; 1.2, 2.2), cardiovascular (1.6; 1.1, 2.2), and CHD (1.5; 1.0, 2.2) mortality, and it was also a significant predictor of future CHD events (fatal or nonfatal myocardial infarction), stroke, and amputation. This relationship was observed regardless of glycemic control and known duration of NIDDM. MAC is a strong marker of future cardiovascular events in NIDDM unrelated to cardiovascular risk factors, supporting the hypothesis that reduced arterial elasticity could lead to clinical manifestations of diabetic macroangiopathy.
Cumulative arsenic exposure is associated with fungal infections: Two cohort studies based on southwestern and northeastern basins in Taiwan; Long-term arsenic exposure results in atherosclerosis and cancers, along with aberrant immune responses. Animal- based and epidemiological studies indicate that arsenic exposure increases susceptibility to viral and bacterial infections. This study aimed to assess whether arsenic exposure is associated with the development of fungal infection, which is substantially attributed to as a cause of aberrant immunity. Based on two well-established cohorts from two basins in southwestern (SW; high arsenic area) and northeastern (NE; low arsenic area) Taiwan (n = 297 and 2738, respectively), the arsenic exposure in well water was estimated using HPLC-ICP-MS. Fungal infections were defined via clinical and mycological assessments (PCR of fungal 18S rRNA) of nail samples. Individuals in SW cohort with cumulative arsenic exposure >10,000 mu g/L*years had a higher risk of developing fungal infections (OR = 1.57, 95% CI = 1.08-1.92) after adjusting for diabetes and occupation. In NE cohort, female sex, alcohol consumption, and chronic kidney diseases were associated with toenail infections. In contrast, fingernail infections (OR = 1.33, 95% CI = 1.05-1.68) were highly associated with arsenic exposure in a dose-dependent manner. We are the first to report palmar and plantar hyperkeratosis upon low arsenic exposure in 3.9% and 6.7% individuals, respectively. This is the first large-scale study showing arsenic exposure is associated with fungal infections in a dose-dependent manner. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Women and heart disease; Coronary heart disease and other vascular diseases account for approximately half of all deaths in women. Although the underlying pathophysiological processes (atherosclerosis and thrombosis) are similar, deaths and other clinical end-points are significantly delayed compared to men. The reason for this sex-related delay in the expression of vascular disease remains a matter of debate but may be largely attributable to the actions of endogenous oestrogens: coronary heart disease manifestations are extremely rare in premenopausal women but increase after the menopause. These observations have lead to speculation that oestrogen-replacement therapy might continue to retard the development of cardiovascular disease in the post-menopausal years (primary prevention). The cardioprotective benefits of oestrogens include a favourable impact on plasma lipids, anti-platelet effects, preservation of endothelium-mediated vasodilatation and antioxidant effects. Several observational studies support this thesis but the results of prospective randomised controlled trials are still awaited. Secondary preventative measures such as aspirin, beta-blockade, ACE inhibition and HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors seem to be equally effective for women as men. However, there remains evidence that physicians are less likely to use such interventions in women at high risk.
Oxidation-Specific Biomarkers, Prospective 15-Year Cardiovascular and Stroke Outcomes, and Net Reclassification of Cardiovascular Events; Objectives This study sought to assess the long-term predictive value and net reclassification for risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) of biomarkers reflecting oxidation-specific epitopes (OSEs). Background OSEs are immunogenic, proinflammatory, and proatherogenic. The long-term predictive value and net reclassification of OSEs for risk of CVD events are not known. Methods Oxidized phospholipids on apolipoprotein B-100 (OxPL/apoB) and immunoglobulin (Ig)-G (IgG) and IgM autoantibodies to malondialdehyde-modified, low-density lipoprotein (MDA-LDL) and copper-oxidized LDL (Cu-OxLDL) were measured in 765 subjects in 1995 and 656 subjects in 2000 in the Bruneck study, representing 45- to 84-year-old men and women from the general community. Results Over 15 years of follow-up, 138 subjects reached the primary endpoint of incident CVD (ischemic stroke, myocardial infarction, new-onset unstable angina, acute coronary interventions, and vascular death). In a multivariable Cox model, the highest tertile of OxPL/apoB was associated with higher risk of CVD (hazard ratio [HR]: 2.4; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.5 to 3.7) and stroke (HR: 3.6; 95% CI: 1.8 to 7.4) compared with the lowest tertile. IgG Cu-OxLDLs were associated with higher risk of CVD, whereas IgM MDA-LDLs were associated with lower risk. Using OxPL/apoB, IgG Cu-OxLDL, and IgM MDA-LDL variables, the area under the curve (AUC) for CVD risk prediction increased from 0.664 (95% CI: 0.629 to 0.697) to 0.705 (95% CI: 0.672 to 0.737) (p = 0.048). The net reclassification index (NRI) was 0.163 (p = 0.0044) and 0.332 (p = 0.0001) in all subjects (n = 765) and in subjects with intermediate risk (n = 305), respectively. Of 627 subjects who remained free of CVD, 108 were correctly reclassified to a lower risk category, and 83 were reclassified to a higher category (categories: 15-year risk <15%, 15% to 30%, >30%). Conclusions OSE biomarkers predict 15-year CVD and stroke outcomes and provide potential clinical utility by reclassifying a significant proportion of individuals into higher or lower risk categories after traditional risk assessment. (J Am Coll Cardiol 2012;60:2218-29) (C) 2012 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation
Vitamin D deficiency, left ventricular dysfunction and cardiac decompensation; Epidemiologic data indicate that about one million people worldwide suffer from and should be treated for vitamin D deficiency. The clinical impact of vitamin D deficiency is very high if we consider the pivotal role that this condition plays in determining osteoporosis, fractures, cancers, diabetes, vascular inflammation, which can severely reduce functional capacity, quality of life and may often lead to disability. Vitamin D deficiency is a widely underdiagnosed pathological condition. Although many cardiovascular diseases such as arterial hypertension, myocardial ischemia, diabetic cardiomyopathy and heart failure, may arise from a low vitamin D status, cardiologists do not routinely search for this disease in clinical practice. Vitamin D, indeed, stimulates the synthesis of various contractile proteins and activates crucial intracellular mechanisms that manage calcium metabolism and energy production. These functions can be altered once vitamin D deficiency develops. This review focuses on the relationship between vitamin D deficiency, asymptomatic changes in left ventricular geometry and function, and heart failure syndrome through a recall of the myocardial metabolic processes regulated by vitamin D. The analysis of the available data from the literature leads to raise some questions that, at present, have no answer. Future prospective studies are needed to assess the effect of treatment of vitamin D deficiency on cardiac function.
Low-Dose Tirofiban Improves Functional Outcome in Acute Ischemic Stroke Patients Treated With Endovascular Thrombectomy; Background and Purpose-Chinese patients largely experience acute ischemic stroke (AIS) because of large artery atherosclerosis rather than cardioembolism, and whether tirofiban is safe and effective in these patients treated with endovascular thrombectomy (ET) is unknown. This study evaluated the safety and efficacy of tirofiban in Chinese patients with AIS treated with ET. Methods-This observational study is based on a single-center prospective registry study. Patients with AIS undergoing ET with second-generation stent retrievers from January 2013 to February 2017 were treated with ET alone or ET plus low dose of tirofiban. The primary outcome was symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage (sICH). The secondary outcomes included rate of early reocclusion, any ICH, fatal ICH, and 3-month and long-term functional outcomes. Results-One hundred eighty AIS subjects were included in the analysis, including 90 subjects treated with tirofiban and 90 subjects without tirofiban. Sixty-three subjects (35%) had any ICH, 19 of them (11%) were sICH, and 9 of them (5%) were fatal ICH. Ten subjects (11%) treated with tirofiban experienced sICH and 9 subjects (10%) not given tirofiban experienced sICH, not a significant difference (P=0.808). Early reocclusion happened in 4 of 90 subjects (4.4%) treated with tirofiban and 8 of 90 subjects (8.9%) not treated with tirofiban (P=0.370). One hundred sixty-one subjects (89%) completed long-term follow-up, subjects treated tirofiban were associated with lower odds of death (23% versus 44%, P=0.005) when compared with those who were not treated. Additionally, tirofiban was associated with better odds of long-term functional independence (adjusted odds ratio, 4.37; 95% confidence interval, 1.13-16.97; P=0.033). Conclusions-In patients with AIS undergoing ET, tirofiban is not associated with higher sICH, it seems to lead to lower odds of deaths and better odds of long-term functional independence. Further investigations are needed to determine the efficacy of tirofiban in preventing early reocclusion, the underlying mechanisms, and its optimal treatment protocol.
BETA-RECEPTOR ANTAGONIST THERAPY IN ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION; During the last 10-15 years, a total of 49 prospective, randomized, controlled studies have been performed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of early administered beta-receptor antagonists in patients with acute myocardial infarction. Those trials in which beta-receptor antagonists were administered intravenously followed by oral medication within 72 h after the onset of symptoms reported a significant reduction in early mortality (on average 13 %; 95 % confidence interval -2 % to -25 %). The efficacy of beta-receptor antagonists in reducing mortality was particularly obvious in patients at higher risk (i.e., older patients, previous infarction) with the maximal efficacy observed during the first 3-4 days of therapy. Similary, there was a reduction in the incidence of reinfarction which averaged 19 % for the patients treated with beta-receptor antagonists. The metaanalysis also showed a significant reduction in the incidence of nonfatal cardiac arrest due to primary ventricular fibrillation for the group receiving beta-receptor antagonists (average risk reduction 16 %; 95 % confidence interval -2 % to -30 %). As calculated on the basis of the ISIS-1 data, treatment with beta-receptor antagonists in approximately 200 patients with acute myocardial infarction would lead to the avoidance of one death, one reinfarction, and one episode of ventricular fibrillation. Based on these data, it is recommended that administration of beta-receptor antagonists should be an important adjunctive therapeutic modality in patients with acute myocardial infarction and no contraindications for this form of treatment.
The De Winter ECG pattern: morphology and accuracy for diagnosing acute coronary occlusion: systematic review; The De Winter ECG pattern has been reported to indicate acute left anterior descending coronary artery occlusion and is often considered to be an 'ST elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) equivalent'. We aimed to investigate the morphology of the 'De Winter ECG pattern' and evaluate the test characteristics of the De Winter pattern for the diagnosis of acute coronary occlusion. We identified papers through the Medline, EMBASE and COCHRANE databases and screened for bias using QUADAS-2. First, measurements were recorded from every ECG reported in the literature and aggregated. Second, diagnostic accuracy data from eligible cohort studies were extracted. The primary outcome was defined as at least 70% angiographic stenosis of a major epicardial vessel. Thirteen papers reported data relevant to question 1 and three papers reported data relevant to question 2. All ECGs showed maximal up-sloping ST depression in lead V3 with a median amplitude of 0.3 mV (interquartile range: 0.2-4 mV). T-wave height peaked in lead V3 with a median amplitude 0.9 mV (interquartile range: 0.8-1.1 mV). The De Winter pattern had positive predictive values of 95.2% (95% confidence interval: 76.2-99.9%), 100% (69.2-100.0%) and 100% (51.7-100%) in the three respective diagnostic studies. There is limited evidence that the De Winter ECG pattern is a 'STEMI equivalent'. The available data suggest that the pattern has high positive predictive value for acute occlusion. Further research is required to evaluate specificity and to determine whether rapid revascularization improves mortality. Copyright (C) 2017 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Myocardial Scintigraphy: Current Status; Nuclear myocardial perfusion imaging using single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) in combination with various tracers is for many years the most widely used technology for the non-invasive detection of hemodynamically significant coronary artery disease (CAD). Sensitivity and specificity range between 80 and 90% and are comparable to stress echocardiography and stress MR-imaging. Combining SPECT with technetium 99m tracers and using modern technologies such as ECG-triggering and soft tissue attenuation correction algorithms have further sigificantly improved the diagnostic accuracy. Modern cameras in combination with fast data acquisition have reduced the imaging times as well as radiation exposure of the patient. Semi-automated analysis software has improved reproducibility and validity of data analysis. Several large retrospective as well as prospective studies have demonstrated the prognostic value of SPECT perfusion imaging in all stages of CAD. Hybrid imaging using SPECT technology in combination with CT coronary angiography may further improve and fasten the diagnostic work-up of patients with suspected CAD and may reduce the need for overall diagnostic coronary angiography but may also lead to higher proportion of coronary angiography subsequently followed by necessary and indicated coronary revascularization.
Comprehensive Evaluation of Hibernating Myocardium <i>Use of Noninvasive Imaging</i>; Ischemic heart failure is probably the most challenging issue in cardiology today, posing an enormous medical and financial burden on our society. Conceptually, it represents a maladaptive cardiac remodeling due to acute and/or chronic coronary artery disease with varying degrees of left ventricular dilatation and dysfunction. Although therapeutic options have improved overall survival over the years, mortality rates remain high, and in daily practice cardiologists not infrequently face the therapeutic dilemma whether a revascularization procedure will lead to symptomatic and prognostic benefit for the patient. Simple, straightforward guidelines are lacking because of the complexity of the disease. Moreover, the issue of viability imaging grounded on observational and retrospective studies has recently been challenged by the publication of prospective, randomized trials (eg, STICH and PARR trial) showing no benefit of revascularization nor of preprocedural viability assessment in those patients. These contradictory findings have obliged us to inquire whether viability imaging is still relevant and what is needed to make it more appropriate.
Characterization of intracranial atherosclerotic stenosis using high-resolution MRI study - rationale and design; Background: Intracranial atherosclerosis is a leading cause of stroke, but little is known about the composition of the intracranial atherosclerotic lesion and how intracranial plaque morphology is related to the risk of stroke. High-resolution magnetic resonance imaging (HR MRI) has been used in patients with extracranial carotid atherosclerosis as an invivo tool to identify, with high-interrater agreement, histologically defined plaque components (i.e., intraplaque hemorrhage, fibrous cap, and lipid core), which have been shown to be predictors of recurrent stroke. With careful imaging the components ofatherosclerotic plaque can be visualized in the intracranial arteries using HRMRI, but there are no reports of reproducibility or interrater reliability. Methods/Study design: The Characterization of intracranial atherosclerotic stenosis using high-resolution MRI (CHIASM) study is a single-center NIH-funded prospective observational study, to (1) demonstrate high -interrater agreement for identifying intracranial plaque components on HR MRI, (2) determine the frequency of these components in symptomatic versus asymptomatic plaques, and (3) estimate the 1-year rate of stroke in the territory of high-risk plaque components. CHIASM will recruit 90 patients with 50-99% intracranial atherosclerosis to undergo HRMRI of the intracranial artery plaque at enrollment and 1-year follow-up. Both symptomatic and asymptomatic subjects will be recruited. Conclusion: Determination of good interrater reliability is an important first step in the development of HR MRI as a tool to predict risk in patients with intracranial atherosclerosis. This study will inform the design of future multicenter studies to determine the prevalence and prognosis of intracranial atherosclerotic plaque components. Such studies could lead to new understanding of the pathophysiological mechanisms of cerebral ischemia in patients with atherosclerotic intracranial stenosis, improvements in risk stratification, and potentially to new treatments of this common and serious disease.
Implementation of Specialty Centers for Patients with ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction; Background. Early percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) has been shown to be superior to fibrinolytic therapy and is associated with reduced morbidity and mortality for patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). Objective. To determine the performance of a regional system with prehospital 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) identification of STEMI patients and direct paramedic transport to STEMI receiving centers (SRCs) for provision of primary PCI. Methods. This was a prospective study evaluating the first year of implementation of a regional SRC network to determine the key time intervals for patients identified with STEMI in the prehospital setting. Results. During the 12-month study period, 1,220 patients with a suspected STEMI were identified on prehospital 12-lead ECG, of whom 734 (60%) underwent emergency PCI. A door-to-balloon time of 90 minutes or less was achieved for 651 (89%) patients, and 459 (62.5%) had EMS-patient contact-to-balloon times 90 minutes. Transport of suspected STEMI patients to an SRC resulted in ambulance diversion from a closer ED for 31% of patients and a median increase in transport time of 3.8 minutes. Conclusion. Door-to-balloon times within the 90-minute benchmark were achieved for almost 90% of STEMI patients transported by paramedics after implementing our regionalized SRC system.
Genomic correlates of glatiramer acetate adverse cardiovascular effects lead to a novel locus mediating coronary risk; Glatiramer acetate is used therapeutically in multiple sclerosis but also known for adverse effects including elevated coronary artery disease (CAD) risk. The mechanisms underlying the cardiovascular side effects of the medication are unclear. Here, we made use of the chromosomal variation in the genes that are known to be affected by glatiramer treatment. Focusing on genes and gene products reported by drug-gene interaction database to interact with glatiramer acetate we explored a large meta-analysis on CAD genome-wide association studies aiming firstly, to investigate whether variants in these genes also affect cardiovascular risk and secondly, to identify new CAD risk genes. We traced association signals in a 200-kb region around genomic positions of genes interacting with glatiramer in up to 60 801 CAD cases and 123 504 controls. We validated the identified association in additional 21 934 CAD cases and 76 087 controls. We identified three new CAD risk alleles within the TGFB1 region on chromosome 19 that independently affect CAD risk. The lead SNP rs12459996 was genome-wide significantly associated with CAD in the extended meta-analysis (odds ratio 1.09, p = 1.58x10(-12)). The other two SNPs at the locus were not in linkage disequilibrium with the lead SNP and by a conditional analysis showed p-values of 4.05 x 10(-10) and 2.21 x 10(-6). Thus, studying genes reported to interact with glatiramer acetate we identified genetic variants that concordantly with the drug increase the risk of CAD. Of these, TGFB1 displayed signal for association. Indeed, the gene has been associated with CAD previously in both in vivo and in vitro studies. Here we establish genome-wide significant association with CAD in large human samples.
USE OF THE 12-LEAD ECG TO DETECT MYOCARDIAL REPERFUSION AND SALVAGE DURING ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION; In this era of thrombolytic therapy, the standard 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) is easily available and noninvasive and could provide indictors of myocardial reperfusion and salvage. Previous reports have proposed that a decrease of total ST-segment elevation of greater-than-or-equal-to 20% from the pre- to the immediate posttreatment ECG is indicative of reperfusion, and that a greater-than-or-equal-to 20% decrease from the initial infarct size predicted by ST-segment deviation on the admission ECG to the final infarct size estimated by QRS score on the predischarge recording is indicative of myocardial salvage. This prospective study of 29 patients with myocardial infarction and angiographically documented reperfusion shows that the greater-than-or-equal-to 20% threshold for ST resolution achieved 79% sensitivity and 70% specificity in patients receiving intravenous therapy and 90% sensitivity in those receiving rescue intracoronary therapy. However, it should be noted that 21% of patients with successful intravenous therapy failed to achieve even this threshold of ST resolution. Regarding myocardial salvage, 63% of patients receiving intravenous and 90% of those receiving rescue intracoronary therapy achieved the threshold of greater-than-or-equal-to 20% decrease in infarct size.
The Scoring of Cardiac Events During Sleep; Standardized guidelines for polysomnography (PSG) have not specified methods for acquiring or interpreting electrocardiographic (ECG) data. The practice of single lead ECG monitoring during PSG may allow identification of simple measures of cardiac rhythm but reduces the ability to detect myocardial ischemia and to define cardiac intervals. Although simple measures of cardiac rhythm such as heart rate and cardiac pauses are inherently reliable, there is limited data regarding outcome measures relative to sleep related heart rates and cardiac events during sleep. Several observational and cross-sectional studies demonstrate that average heart rate drops nearly 50% from infancy through young adulthood and that the average heart rate slows during sleep compared with wakefulness; the definitions of sinus bradycardia and sinus tachycardia should therefore be lower during sleep than wakefulness. Asys-toles of up to 2 seconds are seen in normal populations during sleep. Although there may be an increased risk of certain arrhythmias at night, particularly in sleep disordered breathing, there is no evidence that supports different definitions for these arrhythmias during sleep compared with wakefulness. When the quality of tracings permits, the standard definitions of narrow- and wide-complex tachycardias and atrial fibrillation may be employed. In the future, expansion to multiple ECG leads and the use of alternative tools may provide better definition of heart rates and cardiac events during sleep.
Is there a role for thoracic aortic calcium to fine-tune cardiovascular risk prediction?; Screening asymptomatic subjects to streamline measures for the prevention of cardiovascular events remains a major challenge. The established primary prevention risk-scoring methods use equations derived from large prospective cohort studies, but further fine-tuning of cardiovascular risk assessment remains important as 25 % of individuals with low estimated risk may experience cardiac events. Independent studies provided evidence that extended risk assessment using coronary artery calcium quantification may improve risk stratification as it can lead to reclassification of persons at increased risk. Particularly in intermediate-risk subjects, coronary artery calcium scoring can help to correctly identify individuals at highest risk. Data on the extent of calcification of the ascending and descending thoracic aorta might be useful for additional cardiovascular risk stratification. Future analyses and studies will be required to answer the question of whether the implementation of such data may allow further fine-tuning of cardiovascular risk prediction in specific subpopulations-for instance in women or men with an increased risk of stroke and/or symptomatic peripheral vascular disease.
Detection of postoperative myocardial ischemia by bedside ST-segment analysis in coronary artery bypass graft patients; Objective: To determine if the ST-segment monitoring software of a bedside electrocardiograph (ECG) monitor would detect postoperative myocardial ischemia (POMI) as reliably as the clinical gold standard 12-lead EGG, and to compare the characteristics of ischemia thus detected with prior studies performed using Hotter monitoring. Design: Prospective study. Setting: University hospital. Participants: One hundred patients who had undergone coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). interventions: Continuous ST-segment trends in leads II and Vg were recorded using Hewlett-Packard Merlin monitors postbypass until discharge from the postsurgical unit, and printouts were analyzed for episodes of ischemia. Simultaneous 12-lead ECGs and monitor strips were recorded during ischemic episodes in 24 patients and were independently analyzed by two blinded cardiologists quantitatively for ST-segment values and qualitatively for an overall ischemia rating. Measurements and Main Results: The ST-segment values directly measured by the cardiologists on the simultaneous 12-lead ECGs and those recorded by the monitor during ischemic episodes were found to be clinically comparable (bias, 0.1 mm far bath leads; precision, 0.5 mm lead II, 0.9 mm lead V-5). The sensitivity of the monitor compared with 12-lead ECGs for the detection of POMI was 73%. Ninety-eight episodes of significant ST deviation were identified in 39 patients. The characteristics of the ischemia detected in this study were similar to those reported in other studies performed using continuous Hotter-type monitoring. Conclusion: Bedside monitoring of the ST segment in leads II and Vg using Hewlett-Packard Merlin monitors after CABG surgery is as accurate for the measurement of ST deviation in those leads as the clinical gold standard of a 12-lead ECG read by an experienced cardiologist. However, the 12-lead ECG will detect POMI more reliably than an automated two-lead bedside ST-segment analyzer because it allows evaluation of more leads and of ST-segment and T-wave morphology. Bedside ST-segment monitoring in this study confirmed the high incidence of ischemia after CABG surgery shown previously using Holter monitoring. Copyright (C) 1998 by W.B. Saunders Company.
The 12-lead electrocardiogram as a predictive tool of mortality after acute myocardial infarction: Current status in an era of revascularixation and reperfusion; Many recently published studies established the admission electrocardiogram as an excellent source of prognostic information in patients presenting with acute myocardial infarction. Using our search criteria, we identified a large number of articles but selected only the most relevant in each category. The best predictors of increased short-term mortality are ventricular tachycardia (odds ratio [OR] 6.1, 95% CI 4.6-8.3), ST-segment deviations (OR 5.1, 95% CI 4.6-8.3), high-degree atrioventricular block (OR 5.1, 95% Cl 2.1-11.9), and long QRS duration (OR 4.2, 95% CI 1.8-10.4). For increased long-term mortality, the best-predictors were ST-segment depression (OR 5.7, 95% CI 2.8-11.6), ST-segment elevation (OR 3.3, 95% CI 2.1-5.1), and left bundle-branch block (OR 2.8, 95% CI 1.8-4.3). In addition, our review discusses electrocardiographic markers of poor outcome that were not independent risk factors on multivariate analysis, conflicting findings, and knowledge gaps that can help plan future research efforts.
Immune responses against fibronectin modified by lipoprotein oxidation and their association with cardiovascular disease; Accumulation and subsequent oxidation of LDL in the arterial wall are considered as key events in the development of atherosclerosis. We have investigated the possibility that LDL oxidation results in release of aldehydes that modify surrounding matrix proteins and that this may target immune responses against the plaque extracellular matrix and modulate the disease progression. Using custom-made ELISAs we demonstrate that human plasma contains autoantibodies against aldehyde-modified fibronectin (FN) and to a lesser extent also other extracellular matrix proteins including collagen type I, type III, and tenascin-C. Immunohistochemistry and western blot analysis showed that aldehyde-modified FN is present in human atherosclerotic plaques and that aldehydes generated by oxidation of LDL formed adducts with FN in vitro. We also demonstrate that aldehyde-modification of FN results in a loss of its ability to promote basal secretion of cytokines and growth factors from cultured macrophages without affecting the ability of the cells to respond to stimulation with LPS. A prospective clinical study demonstrated that subjects that subsequently developed acute myocardial infarction or sudden cardiac death had lower baseline levels of autoantibodies against aldehyde-modified FN than matched controls. These observations demonstrate that oxidation of LDL in the arterial wall may lead to aldehyde-modification of surrounding extracellular matrix proteins and that these modifications may affect macrophage function and activate autoimmune responses of pathophysiological importance for the development of atherosclerosis.
Correlates of Saphenous Vein Graft Hyperplasia and Occlusion 1 Year After Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting Analysis From the CASCADE Randomized Trial; Background-Intimal hyperplasia of saphenous vein grafts (SVGs) can lead to subsequent graft atherosclerosis and occlusion after coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). This study examined whether patient characteristics, anatomic factors, and medications are associated with SVG intimal hyperplasia and occlusion after CABG. Methods and Results-We performed a post hoc analysis of the Clopidogrel After Surgery for Coronary Artery Disease (CASCADE) trial, where 322 grafts were assessed by angiography and 90 grafts were examined by intravascular ultrasound at 1 year after CABG. We assessed the following correlates for intimal hyperplasia and occlusion: patient characteristics, discharge medications, target vessel characteristics, and SVG diameter. At 1 year, the SVG mean intimal area was 4.3 +/- 2.1 mm(2), and the occlusion rate was 6.2% (13/209). Independent correlates of hyperplasia were larger SVG diameter (1.9 +/- 0.2 mm(2)/mm; P<0.001), hypertension (0.7 +/- 0.3 mm(2); P=0.03), and grafting to the right coronary territory (0.6 +/- 0.3 mm(2); P=0.03), whereas statin (-0.8 +/- 0.3 mm(2); P=0.01) and beta-blocker use (-1.0 +/- 0.4 mm(2); P=0.03) were associated with less hyperplasia. Low target vessel quality was an independent correlate of SVG occlusion (odds ratio, 5.2 +/- 3.1; P<0.01). Conclusions-Hypertension, SVG diameter, grafting to the right coronary artery, and low quality of the target vessel correlate with the development of SVG hyperplasia or occlusion by 1 year after CABG, whereas beta-blockers and statins are associated with less SVG disease. These new findings further our understanding of SVG remodeling after bypass surgery and may guide future research to help prevent post-CABG SVG disease.
Arachidonic Acid and Cerebral Ischemia Risk: A Systematic Review of Observational Studies; Background: Arachidonic acid (ARA) is a precursor of various lipid mediators. ARA metabolites such as thromboxane A 2 cause platelet aggregation and vasoconstriction, thus may lead to atherosclerotic disease. It is unclear whether dietary ARA influences the ARA- derived lipid mediator balance and the risk for atherosclerotic diseases, such as cerebral ischemia. Considering the function of ARA in atherosclerosis, it is reasonable to focus on the atherothrombotic type of cerebral ischemia risk. However, no systematic reviews or meta-analyses have been conducted to evaluate the effect of habitual ARA exposure on cerebral ischemia risk. We aimed to systematically evaluate observational studies available on the relationship between ARA exposure and the atherothrombotic type of cerebral ischemia risk in free-living populations. Summary: The PubMed database was searched for articles registered up to June 24, 2014. We designed a PubMed search formula as follows: key words for humans AND brain ischemia AND study designs AND ARA exposure. Thirty-three articles were reviewed against predefined criteria. There were 695 bibliographies assessed from the articles that included both ARA and cerebral ischemia descriptions. Finally, we identified 11 eligible articles and categorized them according to their reporting and methodological quality. We used the Strength-ening the Reporting of Observational Studies in Epidemiology Statement (STROBE) checklist to score the reporting quality. The methodological quality was qualitatively assessed based on the following aspects: subject selection, ARA exposure assessment, outcome diagnosis, methods for controlling confounders, and statistical analysis. We did not conduct a metaanalysis due to the heterogeneity among the studies. All eligible studies measured blood ARA levels as an indicator of exposure. Our literature search did not identify any articles that evaluated dietary ARA intake and tissue ARA as assessments of exposure. Seven of the 11 eligible articles were considered to be of low quality. No articles reported a dose-dependent positive association between an increased cerebral ischemia risk and ARA exposure. However, most studies did not assess the risk in each subtype of cerebral ischemia, thus various etiological types of cerebral ischemia risk were involved in their results. Key Messages: We did not find a positive association between ARA exposure and cerebral ischemia risk. Eligible studies reported inconsistent findings: cerebral ischemia risk did not change or significantly decreased. We could not draw any conclusions due to the limited number of eligible high-quality studies. Further evidence from well-designed observational studies is required. Simultaneously, in order to develop effective preventive measures against cerebral ischemia, it is imperative to establish standardized definitions, nomenclatures, classifications, and diagnostic procedures. (C) 2014 S. Karger AG, Basel
The association of the metabolic syndrome with QTc interval in NHANES III; Purpose To examine the relationship of metabolic syndrome with corrected QT interval duration. Methods In a cross-sectional analysis of NHANES III, a representative sample of the adult US population, 3,495 individuals aged >= 40 years were categorized as having metabolic syndrome and not having metabolic syndrome as defined by ATP III. QT interval was measured from the standard 12-lead electrocardiogram. Results A weighted multi-linear regression analysis adjusted for age, gender, serum calcium, and potassium showed that metabolic syndrome was significantly associated with a corrected QT interval in milliseconds. The adjusted Beta coefficient and its corresponding standard error were (4.48 milliseconds, 0.95 milliseconds, P < 0.01). Conclusion These data indicate that metabolic syndrome is independently associated with a corrected QT interval duration. This study calls for careful ECG monitoring among persons with metabolic syndrome for early detection of a long corrected QT interval in order to prevent severe and often fatal arrhythmias.
Association between early methylmercury exposure and functional health among residents of the Shiranui Sea communities in Japan; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of estimated historical methylmercury exposure on the functional health of residents living in the Shiranui Sea communities in Japan. Functional health was measured by self-reported activities of daily living (ADL). Study areas were categorized into high, medium and low methylmercury exposure areas according to their location or distance from the Shiranui Sea. We estimated the adjusted prevalence odds ratios of impaired ADL in relation to exposure using a logistic regression model. Compared with residents in the low-exposure area, residents in the high-exposure area were significantly associated with a higher prevalence odds ratio (OR) for impaired ADL after adjustment for confounding factors (adjusted ORs = 2.8, 95% CI: 1.3-6.2). These results showed strong dose-response relationships (p for trend = 0.0050). Our findings suggest that historical methylmercury exposure might cause functional impairment in later in life depending on the exposure level.
Do Preoperative β-blockers Improve Postoperative Outcomes in Patients Undergoing Cardiac Surgery? Challenging Societal Guidelines; Preoperative beta-blockers (BBs) are widely administered to reduce morbidity and mortality among surgical patients. In fact, the Society of Thoracic Surgeons uses the administration of preoperative BBs as a quality metric. Recent reports, however, have questioned the benefit and safety of preoperative BB administration. The aim of our study was to investigate whether preoperative BBs lead to improved surgical outcomes in patients undergoing cardiac surgery. A review of our prospectively maintained institutional database was done to identify adults undergoing cardiac operations at our institution from 2008 to 2013. Survival to discharge was the primary outcome with several additional secondary measures of morbidity included. A total of 2120 patients were included in the analysis and a multivariate logistic regression model was developed to adjust for differences between patient groups. After adjustment, BB administration was associated with lower odds of both prolonged ventilation (odds ratio [OR] 0.73; P = 0.032) and prolonged length of stay (OR, 0.79; P = 0.044). BB use was not associated with significant differences in other outcomes such as mortality or postoperative atrial fibrillation. Our study found that preoperative BBs may not be associated with sufficiently improved outcomes to justify their use as a quality metric in this population. Thus, prospective studies are warranted.
Adverse Childhood Experiences and Disability in US Adults; Objective: To assess relationships between adverse childhood experiences and self-reported disabilities in adult life. Design: Cross-sectional, random-digit-dialed, state-population-based survey (Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System). Setting: Fourteen states and the District of Columbia. Participants: Noninstitutionalized adults ages >= 18 years surveyed in 2009 and/or in 2010 (n = 81,184). Methods: The Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System Adverse Childhood Experience (ACE) Module asks about abuse (physical, sexual, emotional), family dysfunction (exposures to domestic violence, living with mentally ill, substance abusing, or incarcerated family member(s), and/or parental separation and/or divorce) that occurred before age 18 years. The ACE score sums affirmed ACE categories (range, 0-8). We controlled for demographic characteristics (age, race, education, income, and marital status) and self-reported physical health conditions (stroke, myocardial infarction, diabetes, coronary heart disease, asthma). Five states asked participants about mental health conditions (anxiety, depression). A subset analysis of participants in these states evaluated the effect of adjusting for these conditions. Main Outcome Measurements: The primary outcome was disability (self-reported activity limitation and/or assistive device use). Results: More than half of participants (57%) reported at least 1 adverse childhood experience category, and 23.2% reported disability. The odds ratio (95% confidence interval) of disability increased in a graded fashion from odds ratio 1.3 (95% confidence interval, 1.2-1.4) among those who experienced 1 adverse experience to odds ratio 5.8 (95% confidence interval, 4.6-7.5) among those with 7-8 adverse experiences compared with those with no such experiences when adjusting for demographic factors. The relationship between adverse experiences and disability remained strong after adjusting for physical and mental health conditions. Conclusions: There is a strong graded relationship between childhood exposure to abuse and household dysfunction and self-reported disability in adulthood, even after adjusting for potentially mediating health conditions. Greater clinician, researcher, and policymaker awareness of the impact of childhood adversity on disability is crucial to help those affected by childhood adversity lead more functional lives.
Relationship between fragmented QRS complexes in leads V4-V6 and left ventricular apical thrombus formation in patients presenting with first acute anterior myocardial infarction; Objective: The present study was an investigation of the relationship between fragmented QRS (fQRS) and left ventricular apical thrombus (LVAT) in patients presenting with first acute anterior myocardial infarction (MI). Methods: Consecutive 148 patients (mean age: 60.1 +/- 10.1 years; male: 75.6%) with first acute anterior MI who underwent primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) were included. Study population was divided into 2 groups based on presence of LVAT. fQRS was defined as presence of various RSR' patterns, which included additional R wave or notching of R wave or S wave, and presence of more than 1 R in 2 contiguous leads corresponding to major coronary artery territory on 12-lead electrocardiogram. Patients with bundle branch block were excluded from the study. Results: Of these, 32 (21.6%) had LVAT. Patients with LVAT had higher prevalence of fQRS (53.1% vs. 22.4%; p<0.001) and lower rate of successful PCI (75% vs. 94%; p=0.002) compared with patients without LVAT. More patients in LVAT group had left ventricular ejection fraction of <30% (87.5% vs 65.5%; p=0.010). Groups were similar with respect to other baseline characteristics (p>0.05 for all). Presence of fQRS was independent predictor of LVAT (odds ratio [OR], 2.795; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.058-7.396) in multivariable logistic regression analysis. Conclusion: Presence of fQRS in leads V4-V6 is independently associated with LVAT in patients presenting with first acute anterior MI.
Can the T-peak to T-end interval be a predictor of mortality in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction?; Background The interval between the peak and the end of the T wave (Tp-e interval) on 12-lead ECG is a measure of transmural dispersion of repolarization and may be related to malignant ventricular arrhythmias. The objective of this study was to investigate whether the Tp-e interval predicts in-hospital and long-term mortality in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) undergoing a primary percutaneous coronary intervention (pPCI). Methods This study included 488 consecutive patients with STEMI treated with pPCI. Electrocardiograms were obtained after pPCI and the Tp-e interval was measured in leads without ST-segment elevation. Results There were 46 (9.4%) deaths in the population, with a mean follow-up time of 21.1 +/- 10.2 months. The Tp-e interval was associated with not only in-hospital ventricular tachycardia/fibrillation, target vessel revascularization, and death but also long-term target vessel revascularization and death. Furthermore, the Tp-e interval measured using the tail method was found to be a significant predictor of long-term mortality in multivariable Cox analyses [odds ratio 1.018, 95% confidence interval (1.004-1.033)]. Findings were similar in the Tp-e interval and the heart rate-corrected Tp-e interval (cTp-e). Conclusion Tp-e and cTp-e measured using the tail method were found to be predictors of both in-hospital and long-term mortality.(C) 2014 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Association of statin use with peripheral neuropathy in the US population 40 years of age or older; Background: Peripheral neuropathy is a serious complication of diabetes and several conditions that may lead to the loss of lower extremity function and even amputations. Since the introduction of statins, their use has increased markedly. Recent reports suggest a role for statins in the development of peripheral neuropathy. The aims of the present study were to assess the association between statin use and peripheral neuropathy, and to determine whether this association varied by diabetes status. Methods: Data from the lower extremity examination supplement of the 1999-2004 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey were used. Results: The overall prevalence of statin use was 15% and the prevalence of peripheral neuropathy was 14.9%. The prevalence of peripheral neuropathy was significantly higher among those who used statins compared with those who did not (23.5% vs 13.5%, respectively; P < 0.01). Multivariate logistic regression revealed that statin use (adjusted odds ratio 1.3; 95% confidence interval 1.1-1.6; Wald P = 0.04) was significantly associated with peripheral neuropathy, controlling for diabetes status, age, gender, race, height, weight, blood lead levels, poverty, glycohemoglobin, use of vitamin B-12, alcohol abuse, hypertension, and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Diabetes status, age, gender, height, weight, blood lead levels, poverty, and glycohemoglobin were also significantly associated with peripheral neuropathy. We found no effect modification between statin use and diabetes status, race, gender, age, vitamin B-12, blood lead levels, or alcohol abuse. Conclusions: In the present cross-sectional study, we found a modest association between peripheral neuropathy and statin use. Prospective studies are required to determine the causal direction.
ST-segment analyses and residual thrombi in the infarct-related artery: A report from the ASSENT PLUS ST-monitoring substudy; Background Evolution of the ST segment during ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) has been shown to yield more information on prognosis than widely used invasive measurements. With continuous ST monitoring, even very occasional dynamic changes can be analyzed. We have recently suggested that ST variability during the reperfusion-phase is of prognostic importance. We wanted to further investigate this and relate it to angiographic findings. Methods A total of 177 patients with STEMI were examined in the ST-monitoring substudy of the ASessment of the Safety and Efficacy of a New Thrombolytic (ASSENT) PLUS trial, comparing dalteparin with heparin as adjunctive therapy to t-PA. Patients underwent 24 hours of ST monitoring. These recordings were blindly analyzed by 2 independent observers. A coronary angiogram was performed on days 4 to 7, also blindly evaluated by 2 persons. Results Occurrence of ST re-elevations during and after the reperfusion-phase was significantly associated with residual thrombi and TIMI-flow in the infarct-related artery. Patients without any ST re-elevations showed a thrombus in only 5% of cases, as compared with 86% of patients with prolonged (lasting >30 minutes) ST re-elevations. In a multivariate comparison including baseline-data and treatment, most information on persistence of thrombi was contributed by the presence of any ST re-elevations (odds ratio, 5.8; 95% CI, 1.3-26). Conclusion ST re-elevations during the first day of an acute myocardial infarction are associated with residual thrombi in the infarct-related artery even 4 to 7 days after the STEMI.
Effect of Aspiration Thrombectomy on Microvascular Obstruction in NSTEMI Patients The TATORT-NSTEMI Trial; BACKGROUND Aspiration thrombectomy in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction is recommended by current guidelines based on several randomized trials. There are no trials assessing thrombectomy in non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) patients. OBJECTIVES The TATORT-NSTEMI (Thrombus Aspiration in Thrombus Containing Culprit Lesions in Non-ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction) trial sought to assess the effect of aspiration thrombectomy on microvascular injury in patients with NSTEMI compared with standard percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS This prospective, controlled, multicenter study randomized 440 patients to adjunctive thrombectomy (n = 221) compared with conventional PCI (n = 219) in NSTEMI patients with thrombus-containing lesions. The primary endpoint of the extent of microvascular obstruction (MO) in the percentage of left ventricular mass (%LV) was assessed by cardiac magnetic resonance imaging within 4 days. Secondary endpoints included infarct size, myocardial salvage index, and angiographic parameters including myocardial blush grade and Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction flow grade. The combined clinical endpoint consisted of death, reinfarction, target vessel revascularization, and new congestive heart failure within 6 months. RESULTS The primary endpoint of MO was not different between the thrombectomy and the standard PCI group with 2.0% LV (interquartile range [IQR]: 0.8 to 4.1) versus 1.4% LV (IQR: 0.7 to 2.6) (p = 0.17). Similarly, no significant differences were observed for infarct size (8.6%LV; IQR: 4.0 to 14.7 vs. 7.4%LV; IQR: 4.1 to 13.1; p = 0.46), myocardial salvage index (63.3; IQR: 35.4 to 87.2 vs. 65.6; IQR: 46.9 to 82.6; p = 0.45), or angiographic parameters such as blush grade (p = 0.63) and Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction flow grade (p = 0.66). Clinical follow-up at 6 months revealed no differences in the combined clinical endpoints (p = 0.22). CONCLUSIONS Aspiration thrombectomy in conjunction with PCI in NSTEMI with a thrombus-containing lesion does not lead to a reduction in MO. (Thrombus Aspiration in Thrombus Containing Culprit Lesions in Non-ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction [TATORT-NSTEMI]; NCT01612312) (c) 2014 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Long-term clinical results of acute myocardial infarction at the left main trunk requiring percutaneous cardiopulmonary support; The clinical results of patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) at the left main trunk (LMT) remain unclear, especially in cases requiring percutaneous cardiopulmonary support (PCPS). Twenty seven cases of AMI at the LMT requiring emergent PCPS were retrospectively investigated. These 27 patients were aged 44-83 years (65.6 +/- 8.6 years) and 20 (81.5%) were men. Peak creatine kinase (CK) leakage ranged from 538 to 34,010 IU/l (13,553 +/- 7656 IU/l). Eight (29.6%) patients were discharged without mechanical support. Ten (37.0%) patients underwent left ventricular assist device (LVAD) implantation, five of whom with preoperative organ failure could not survive more than 6 months after implantation. The other nine (33.3%) patients died of low output syndrome or brain damage. The overall survival rates were 53.7, 41.3, 33.0, and 28.3% at 3 months, 6 months, 1 year, and 2 years, respectively. Multivariate analysis showed that Killip class 3/4 at hospital arrival was an independent risk factor for hospital mortality (odds ratio 20.4). Patients with more than 5 days of PCPS support period (n = 6), >= 4 h to revascularization (n = 6) or maximum CK leakage >= 20,000 IU/dl (n = 3) were not associated with successful PCPS or IABP weaning. The long-term clinical outcomes of patients with LMT disease requiring PCPS is devastating. Rapid cardiopulmonary resuscitation and coronary revascularization and timely insertion of LVAD before the onset of complications might lead to better survival.
Fragmented QRS and Mortality Risk in Patients With Left Ventricular Dysfunction; Background-Fragmented QRS (fQRS) has been shown to predict cardiac events in select patient populations. Whether fQRS improves patient selection for primary prevention patients eligible for implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD) therapy remains unknown. Methods and Results-In a prospective, multisite cohort of 842 patients with left ventricular dysfunction (ejection fraction <= 35%) representing both ischemic and nonischemic etiology, the presence of fQRS on ECG was assessed using standardized criteria. The association between fQRS and all-cause and arrhythmic mortality was evaluated overall and stratified by ICD status using multivariable Cox regression models, adjusted for demographic, clinical, and treatment variables. Fragmented QRS was present in 274 (32.5%) patients, and there were 191 (22.7%) deaths during a mean follow-up of 40 +/- 17 months. Rates of all-cause mortality did not differ between the fQRS+ (19.7%) and fQRS- (24.1%) groups; adjusted hazard ratio, 0.88; 95% confidence interval, 0.63-1.22; P=0.43. Additionally, rates of arrhythmic mortality were similar between the fQRS+ (9.9%) and fQRS- (12.7%) groups: adjusted hazard ratio, 0.77; 95% confidence interval, 0.49-1.31; P=0.38. Subgroup analyses found no association between fQRS and mortality when the cohort was further stratified by ICD status, etiology of left ventricular dysfunction, wide (>= 120 ms) versus narrow (<120 ms) QRS duration, or fQRS myocardial territory. Conclusions-In this prospective, multisite cohort of primary prevention patients with left ventricular dysfunction, the presence of fQRS on ECG was not associated with a higher risk of either all-cause or arrhythmic mortality. These findings do not provide evidence that fQRS would be effective in risk stratifying primary prevention patients eligible for ICD therapy. (Circ Arrhythm Electrophysiol. 2010;3:339-344.)
Relationship of Retinal Vessel Caliber to Cardiovascular Disease and Mortality in African Americans With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus; Objective: To examine the relationship between retinal arteriolar and venular diameter and the 6-year incidence of cardiovascular disease and mortality among African Americans with type 1 diabetes mellitus. Methods: Included were 468 African Americans with type 1 diabetes mellitus who participated in the New Jersey 725 and who had undergone a 6-year follow-up examination. At both baseline and 6-year follow-up, hypertension and presence of heart disease, stroke, or lower extremity arterial disease (LEAD) were documented and confirmed by review of hospital admission and medical records. Computer-assisted grading from digitized images of retinal photographs was accomplished to determine the average diameter of retinal arterioles (central retinal arteriolar equivalent) and venules (central retinal venular equivalent). Retinal vessel diameter size was examined in relation to the 6-year incidence of hyper-tension, any cardiovascular disease (heart disease, stroke, or LEAD), heart disease or stroke, LEAD, and mortality. Results: Narrower central retinal arteriolar equivalent at baseline significantly and independently predicted 6-year incidence of any cardiovascular disease and LEAD, whereas larger retinal venular diameter at baseline significantly and independently predicted 6-year incidence of hypertension. Proteinuria and retinopathy severity at baseline were stronger predictors of mortality than retinal vascular diameter. Conclusion: In African Americans with type 1 diabetes mellitus, baseline retinal vessel caliber is an independent predictor of incident hypertension and LEAD.
Utility of a Genomic-based, Personalized Medicine Test in Patients Presenting With Symptoms Suggesting Coronary Artery Disease; Purpose: Better methods are needed to assess patients presenting with symptoms suggestive of obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD). We hypothesized that the use of a gene expression score (GES) would lead to a change in the diagnostic evaluation. Methods: The Primary Care Providers Use of a Gene Expression Test in Coronary Artery Disease Diagnosis (IMPACT-PCP) trial (clinical trial identifier NCT01594411, clinicaltrials.gov) was a prospective study of stable, nonacute, nondiabetic patients presenting with chest pain and related symptoms at 4 primary care practices. All patients underwent GES testing, with clinicians documenting their planned diagnostic strategy both before and after GES. The GES was derived from a peripheral blood draw measuring expression of 23 genes and has been shown to have a 96% negative predictive value for excluding the diagnosis of obstructive CAD. Results: Of the 251 study patients, 140 were women (56%); the participants had a mean age of 56 years (standard deviation, 13.0) and a mean body mass index of 30 mg/kg(2) (standard deviation, 6.7). The mean GES was 16 (range, 1-38), and 127 patients (51%) had a low GES ([ltqeu]15). A change in the diagnostic testing pattern before and after GES testing was noted in 145 of 251 patients (58% observed vs. 10% predefined expected change; P<.001). Conclusions: Incorporation of the GES into the diagnostic workup showed clinical utility above and beyond conventional clinical factors by optimizing the patient's diagnostic evaluation.
Clinical consequences of obstructive sleep apnea; The clinical consequences of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) can be grouped in two categories: sleepiness and performance decrements and cardiovascular dysfunction, OSA patients demonstrate excessive sleepiness that causes cognitive impairments, including decrements in attention, vigilance, memory, learning abilities, and mood, As a result, OSA patients have an increased risk for motor vehicle accidents, Acute oscillations in heart rate, systemic and pulmonary pressures, and cardiac output accompany the apneic episodes due to the repetitive hypoxemia and arousals that accompany the apneas, Available evidence suggests OSA can lead to chronic systemic hypertension and, when accompanied by disorders causing waking hypoxemia, pulmonary hypertension, Establishing a causal relationship between OSA and myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular disease, or worsened mortality is more difficult because of the lack of prospective randomized trials; more investigations are needed, OSA can complicate pulmonary procedures and increase perioperative morbidity, but recognition and treatment of the disorder can decrease the risks.
Baseline scintigraphic abnormalities by myocardial perfusion imaging predict echocardiographic response to cardiac resynchronization therapy in nonischemic cardiomyopathy; Background: Significant myocardial scar in the posterolateral left ventricle (LV) has been associated with a diminished response to cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT) in patients with coronary artery disease, but the effects of resting perfusion abnormalities in nonischemic cardiomyopathy (NICM) are yet to be described. Hypothesis: We sought to characterize the effect of myocardial perfusion abnormalities upon echocardiographic outcomes of CRT in patients with NICM. Methods: Twenty-one patients (mean age 64.4 +/- 13.3; 71.4% male; mean left ventricular ejection fraction [LVEF] 20.2 +/- 6.9%) with NICM who underwent CRT implantation and Thallium-201 single positron emission computed tomography (SPECT) myocardial perfusion imaging (MPI) were included. MPI studies were read quantitatively, assigning each Of 17 myocardial segments a perfusion score (0-4) and cumulatively generating a summed perfusion score (SPS). The LV lead position was determined by chest radiography. Echocardiograms were performed both before and after (median 12 MO) CRT in 15 patients. Results: Echocardiographic response, defined as >= 15% relative increase in LVEF, was documented in 8 (53.3%) of 15 patients. All patients (5/5) with an SP <= 6 responded to CRT, whereas only 30.0% (3/10) with an SPS > 6 responded (odds ratio 3.33 [95% confidence interval {CI} 1.29-8-59]; p = 0.01). All nonresponders had inferior perfusion defects. Defect density adjacent to the LV lead tip had little demonstrable effect upon CRT efficacy. Conclusions: The presence of significant myocardial perfusion defects negatively influences echocardiographic response to CRT in NICM. These findings warrant prospective confirmation and histopathological correlation with explanted hearts.
Prognostic Significance of T-Wave Amplitude in Lead aVR on the Admission Electrocardiography in Patients with Anterior Wall ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction Treated by Primary Percutaneous Intervention; Background: T-wave positivity in aVR lead patients with heart failure and anterior wall old ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) are shown to have a higher frequency of cardiovascular mortality, although the effects on patients with STEMI treated with primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) has not been investigated. In this study, we sought to determine the prognostic value of T wave in lead aVR on admission electrocardiography (ECG) for in-hospital mortality in patients with anterior wall STEMI treated with primary PCI. Methods: After exclusion, 169 consecutive patients with anterior wall STEMI (mean age: 55 +/- 12.9 years; 145 men) undergoing primary PCI were prospectively enrolled in this study. Patients were classified as a T-wave positive (n = 53, group 1) or T-wave negative (n = 116, group 2) in aVR based upon the admission ECG. All patients were evaluated with respect to clinical features, primary PCI findings, and in-hospital clinical results. Results: T-wave positive patients who received primary PCI were older, multivessel disease was significantly more frequent and the duration of the patient's hospital stay was longer than T-wave negative patients. In-hospital mortality tended to be higher in the group 1 when compared with group 2 (7.5% vs 1.7% respectively, P = 0.05). After adjusting the baseline characteristics, positive T wave remained an independent predictor of in hospital mortality (odds ratio: 4.41; 95% confidence interval 1.222.1, P = 0.05). Conclusions: T-wave positivity in lead aVR among patients with an anterior wall STEMI treated with primary PCI is associated with an increase in hospital cardiovascular mortality. Ann Noninvasive Electrocardiol 2013;18(1):51-57
Electromechanical interrelations during dobutamine stress in normal subjects and patients with coronary artery disease: comparison of changes in activation and inotropic state; Objective-To identify the effects of altered ventricular activation during dobutamine stress on left ventricular function in normal subjects and in patients with coronary artery disease, and to distinguish these from an inotropic response. Design-Prospective analysis of 12 lead ECG and echocardiogram at rest and at peak stress. Setting-Tertiary referral centre for cardiac disease equipped with non-invasive facilities for pharmacological stress testing. Methods-22 patients with coronary artery disease were compared with 17 age matched controls. Left ventricular ejection and filling patterns were assessed using Doppler echocardiography. Activation effects were correlated with relative left ventricular ejection and filling times, and the Z ratio ([left ventricular ejection + filling times]/RR interval). Inotropic response was measured from peak aortic acceleration. Results-In controls, QRS shortened (by 4 ms, p < 0.001), and total ejection and filling periods lengthened (by 2 s/min, p < 0.01 and 5 s/min, p < 0.001, respectively). The Z ratio thus increased and correlated with QRS shortening (r(2) = 0.69). Peak aortic acceleration (PAA) increased by 135%, p < 0.001. In patients, QRS lengthened at peak stress (by 9 ms, p < 0.001). Total ejection and filling times did not change, but Z ratio fell, correlating with QRS prolongation (r(2) = 0.65). Nevertheless, PAA increased by 63%, p < 0.001. Conclusions-Relative ejection and filling times reflect ventricular activation at rest and during stress independent of changes in inotropic state. By contrast, peak aortic acceleration reflects the positive inotropic effect of dobutamine on the myocardium, regardless of changes in activation.
Fragmented QRS complexes have predictive value of imperfect ST-segment resolution in patients with STEMI after primary percutaneous coronary intervention; Objectives: To investigate the clinical characteristics of patients with the fragmented QRS complexes (fQRS) and the predictive value of fQRS in patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention (p-PCI). Methods: The study enrolled 227 consecutive patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction who underwent p-PCI. Baseline clinical characteristics, the percentage of ST-segment resolution, and parameters of electrocardiography and coronary angiography were investigated. The relationship between fQRS on pre-PCI and post-PCI electrocardiogram and the percentage of ST-segment resolution after PCI were studied. Results: Patients with fQRS have higher troponin I, creatine kinase-MB levels, prolonged QRS duration, higher Gensini score, lower percentage of total ST-segment resolution, and left ventricular ejection fraction compared with patients without fQRS. Gensini score (odds ratio [OR], 1.013; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.002-1.024; P<.006) and percentage of total ST-segment resolution (OR, 0.384; 95% CI, 0.186-0.795; P=.01) were independently associated with the presence of fQRS. A multivariate logistic regression analysis selected presence of fQRS pre-PCI (OR, 2.908; 95% CI, 1.095-7.723; P=.032) and the number of leads with fQRS before PCI (OR, 1.582; 95% CI, 1.250-2.002; P<.001) as independent predictors of imperfect ST-segment resolution. Conclusions: The presence of fQRS is a predictor in ST-elevation myocardial infarction patients undergoing p-PCI. The occurrence of fQRS is beneficial to identify the patients with severe coronary lesion, left ventricular contraction dysfunction, and larger areas of ischemic injury. (C) 2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Ischemic heart disease in women and the role of hormone therapy; The prevalence of ischemic heart disease (IHD) has been increasing among the women in developed countries. The well recognized IHD excess in men has often obscured the fact that IHD is the leading cause of death in women. Women have atypical symptoms of IHD that lead to a delay in the diagnosis and an overall poor prognosis. Women have a delay in the onset of IHD due to the beneficial effects of their sex hormones. Postmenopausal women lose this beneficial effect of estrogen and undergo significant changes in their lipid profile, arterial pressure, glucose tolerance, and vascular reactivity that increase their risk for development of IHD. Recently there has been considerable interest in the sex hormones and their role in IHD in women. The general belief that hormone replacement therapy (HRT) has an overall beneficial effect on cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women and hence decreases CVD mortality and morbidity has not been shown in the recent multicenter prospective studies. With the availability of various types of estrogen and progestins, physicians prescribing these agents should take into consideration their varying effects on the cardiovascular system. Risk factor modifications should include diet, weight loss, regular exercise, smoking cessation and adequate control of hypertension (HTN), diabetes (DM) and hyperlipidemia. In the appropriate setting, treatment with proven beneficial agents like aspirin, beta-blockers, angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors and statins will help decrease the burden of IHD in women. (C) 2003 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Body surface mapping vs 12-lead electrocardiography to detect ST-elevation myocardial infarction; A prospective, multicenter trial was conducted in patients with nontraumatic chest pain in 4 hospitals to determine whether an 80-lead body surface map electrocardiogram system (80-lead BSM ECG) improves detection of ST-segment elevation in acute myocardial infarction (STEMl) compared with a standard 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) in an emergency department (ED) setting. A trained ED or cardiology staff member (technician or nurse) recorded a 12-lead ECG and 80-lead BSM ECG from each subject at initial presentation. Serial biomarkers (total creatine kinase [CK], CK-MB, and/or troponin) were obtained according to individual hospital practice. Of the 647 patients evaluated, 589 had available biomarkers results. Eighty-lead BSM ECG improved detection of biomarker-confirmed STEMI compared with the 12-lead ECG for CK-MB-defined STEMI (100% vs 72.7%, P = .031; n = 364) or troponin-defined STEMI (92.9% vs 60.7%, P = .022; n = 225). Specificity for STEMI was high (range, 94.9%-97.1%) with no significant difference between 80-lead BSM ECG and 12-lead ECG. Right ventricular involvement complicating inferior STEMI was detected by 80-lead BSM ECG in 2 (22%) of 9 patients with CK-MB-defined MI and in 2 (22%) of 9 patients with troponin-defined MI. The infarct location missed most commonly on 12-lead ECG but detected by 80-lead BSM ECG was inferoposterior MI. We conclude that BSM using 80-lead BSM ECG is more sensitive for detection of STEMI than 12-lead ECG, while retaining similar specificity. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Targeting Platelet-Neutrophil Interactions in Giant-Cell Arteritis; Giant-cell arteritis (GCA) is the most common vasculitis affecting large vessels in the elderly. It is associated with ischemic events that account for important disability. Despite the increasing insight in the mechanisms involved in the arterial wall inflammation, the events that lead to eventual occlusion of the vessels lumen are unknown. Cohort studies on risk factors for ischemic events and aspirin efficiency in GCA provide inconsistent results. Corticosteroids, which prevent the worsening or the recurrence of ischemia in the majority of patients, are slow-acting and not effective in all patients. The interaction between circulating activated platelets and leukocytes contributes in acute myocardial infarction and other ischemic diseases to determine the prothrombotic and inflammatory characteristics of blood cells. The activation of circulating platelets, their interaction with leukocytes and the expression of tissue factor by circulating leukocytes frequently occur in patients with GCA. The molecular characterization of the cross-talk between blood cells and the inflamed vessel wall could yield molecular targets for novel therapeutics, more effective than aspirin in preventing ischemic events and more specific than steroids in their treatment.
Assessment of Cardiac Autonomic Functions in Medical Students With Type D Personality; Introduction: Type D personality experiences joint occurrence of Negative Affectivity and Social Inhibition. It is an emerging risk factor for cardiovascular disease, with prevalence being 18-53% among cardiac patients. Type D personality people have exaggerated cardiovascular activity mediated by increased sympathetic drive and decreased vagal control of the heart which leads to enhanced risk of hypertension and is an independent risk factor for coronary heart disease. Aim: To compare the cardiac autonomic function of Type D and non-Type D students. To compare cardiac autonomic functions among male and female students and students with and without family history of hypertension and coronary artery disease among Type D. To find the most affected test among Type D students. Materials and Methods: Thirty Type D and 30 non- Type D medical students were identified by DS14. The Parasympathetic cardiac autonomic tests done assessed Heart Rate response to valsalva manoeuvre, immediate heart rate response to standing and heart rate variation during deep breathing. Sympathetic tests assessed BP response to standing and Sustained Hand Grip. The heart rate and R-R interval measurement were got from lead II of ECG recordings on Polyrite D. Statistical analysis was done using SPSS software. Unpaired student's t-test was used and p-value <0.05 was considered to be statistically significant. Results: Type D students showed slightly decreased parasympathetic activity and increased sympathetic activity when compared to non-Type D students even though there was no statistically significant difference between them. There is a statistically significant decrease in valsalva ratio among females (p < 0.01) when compared to males. There is a statistically significant decrease in 30:15 ratio and BP response to handgrip (p < 0.05) among students with family history of hypertension and coronary artery disease when compared with students with no family history of coronary artery disease. Valsalva ratio is the most affected test in Type D students. Conclusion: Cardiac autonomic functions of Type D personality persons without cardiovascular disease is not different from that of non-Type D. Regular follow up studies over years are required to find if Type D personality is associated with cardiovascular risk in healthy individuals.
Incremental Changes in QRS Duration Predict Mortality in Patients with Atrial Fibrillation; Background: The purpose of this study was to evaluate serial changes in QRS duration in the 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) and their prognostic value in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF). Methods: Retrospective evaluation of the 12-lead ECG was performed in 822 patients with AF. Inclusion criteria included AF in two sequential ECGs and an echocardiogram obtained within 7 days of the second ECG. The mean age of the 228 patients enrolled in the study was 71.2 +/- 12.9 and 45.6% were females. Nearly half of the patients had hypertension (49.5%) and a history of heart failure (44.7%). The patients were followed for 21 +/- 19 months, and the end point was all-cause mortality. Results: Cox proportional hazards analysis demonstrated that the independent predictors of mortality in AF patients were age, renal insufficiency, a history of stroke, heart rate, incremental QRS prolongation (P = 0.0418), and the absence of warfarin use. Patients with QRS prolongation > 15 ms had a worse prognosis than those with QRS prolongation <= 15 ms (P = 0.0019). Conclusions: A progressive increase in QRS duration predicted a poor prognosis in patients with AF in our study. A prospective study is needed to substantiate the prognostic value of QRS prolongation in AF patients. (PACE 2009; 32: 1388-1394)
Case-control design in cardiovascular disease epidemiology. II - Analysis of data; The widespread distribution of statistical software recommended for multivariate analysis as well as the ease in handling it can lead the users into adopting wrong measures if they do not pay attention to the theoretical principles behind those methods. With a view to bringing out some of these principles some steps for the data analysis of a case-control study undertaken in the city of S. Paulo-Brazil from March, 1993 to February, 1994 in order to test the association between diabetes mellitus and ischaemic heart disease after adjusting for potential confounders and/or modifiers of effect are presented. Methodologic issues are emphasized in the development of four steps: a) the data bank structure; b) the calculation of statistical power; c) the definition of variables strata and codification and d) the choice of the logistic regression method.
ULTRASOUND B-MODE IMAGING IN OBSERVATIONAL STUDIES OF ATHEROSCLEROTIC PROGRESSION; Background. Investigations of the progression of atherosclerosis in human arteries suggest that changes in the thickness of the arterial intima-media complex, observable with B-mode ultrasonography, may precede development Df atherosclerotic lesions. For epidemiological studies and clinical trials, B-mode ultrasound has the advantage that it is noninvasive, can be used in nonsymptomatic subjects, and can be carried out repeatedly, thus reducing the necessary sample size. In the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study, we have assessed the reliability of B-mode ultrasound through studying intraobserver and interobserver variability. We have also investigated its predictive value by associating ultrasound observations with clinical end points, risk factors for common carotid and femoral atherosclerosis, and predictors of progression of common carotid atherosclerosis. Methods and Results. The study of B-mode ultrasound reliability was conducted in 10 middle-aged men, with initial and two repeat scannings. The between-observer coefficient of variation was 10.5% for the first assessments by four observers. The intraobserver variability, described as the mean of the absolute difference between the first and third observations, was 0.087 mm, or 8.3% of the mean intimal-medial thickness (IMT). Ultrasonographic assessment of 1,257 men was compared with diagnostic information obtained from a prospective registry for acute myocardial infarction (AMI). The presence of any atherosclerotic findings was associated with a 3.0-fold risk of AMI. For each 0.1 mm of common carotid IMT, AMI risk increased by 11% (p < 0.001). Common carotid artery and femoral artery atherosclerosis, as assessed by mean maximal IMT, had different risk factor profiles. Age, serum low density lipoprotein cholesterol, smoking, platelet aggregability, serum copper, serum selenium (inversely), and blood hemoglobin were the strongest predictors of 2-year increase of common carotid IMT. Conclusions. On the basis of our experience and findings, the ultrasonographic assessment of common carotid atherosclerosis appears to be a feasible, reliable, valid, and cost-effective method for both population studies and clinical trials of atherosclerosis progression and regression.
A comparison of 12-and 15-lead ECGs in ED chest pain patients: Impact on diagnosis, therapy, and disposition; The objective of this study was to investigate the diagnostic and therapeutic impact of the 15-lead electrocardiogram (15ECG) on the emergency department (ED) management of chest pain (CP) patients. The design was prospective use of 15ECG with real-time physician survey and retrospective comparison to 12-lead ECG (12ECG). The study took place in a University hospital ED. Adult CP patients participated. During the 15ECG period (June 1996 to July 1996), 595 patients (92% of CP patients) had 15ECG analysis. Diagnoses of acute coronary ischemic syndromes (ACIS) were as follows: 13 acute myocardial infarction (AMI, 7 anterior [ANT], 5 inferior [INF], 1 lateral [LAT], 2 posterior [POST], 1 right ventricular [RV]) and 136 unstable angina (USA) with 47% exhibiting ECG abnormality; the 2 POST and 1 RV AMI occurred in the setting of coexisting INF AMI. The following management strategies were used: 6 fibrinolytic therapy (TT), 4 primary angioplasty (PTCA), 67 rule-out myocardial infarction (ROMI), and 144 admission to critical care unit (CCU). During the 12ECG period (June 1995 to July 1995), 599 patients were encountered. The diagnoses of ACIS were as follows: 11 AMI (5 ANT, 4 INF, 2 LAT) and 146 USA with 51% exhibiting ECG abnormality (P = NS for diagnostic comparisons to 15ECG). The following management strategies were used: 5 TT,5 PTCA, 59 ROMI, and 137 admission to CCU (P = NS for all treatment comparisons to 15ECG). Of 15ECG cases 81% had completed real time physician survey, showing that the diagnosis and management ACIS were not altered by the 15ECG; physicians felt, however, that the 15ECG provided a more complete anatomic picture of the ACIS. No false-positive cases of additional lead STE were noted in this investigation except in cases involving abnormal intraventricular conduction such as the bundle branch block scenario. The 15ECG provided a more complete description of myocardial injury without altering the ED diagnosis, ED-based therapy, or hospital disposition in adult CP patients. Further study is required to identify patient subset(s) which may benefit from the 15ECG. (Am J Emerg Med 2966;18:239-243 Copyright (C) 2000 by W.B, Saunders Company).
Drug insight:: angiotensin-converting-enzyme inhibitors and atrial fibrillation -: indications and contraindications; Large clinical trials have demonstrated that angiotensin-converting-enzyme (ACE) inhibitors are associated with beneficial outcomes in patients with arterial hypertension, heart failure, coronary artery disease, or a combination of these conditions. Other reports have suggested that ACE inhibitors prevent the development or recurrence of atrial fibrillation (AF), a common arrhythmia. In the TRACE trial, in patients with reduced left ventricular function after myocardial infarction, trandolapril reduced the frequency of AF. In the SOLVD trial, a 78% reduction in the frequency of AF after infarction was noted with enalapril compared with placebo. Studies in patients with persistent AF undergoing cardioversion suggest that ACE inhibitors improve outcomes and prevent AF recurrences. The mechanism of AF prevention by ACE inhibitors is unclear, but experimental data show prevention or attenuation of pacing-induced atrial remodeling with ACE inhibitor use. ACE inhibitors decrease angiotensin II concentration; angiotension II stimulates mitogen-activated protein kinases, which in turn activate fibrosis formation and lead to conduction heterogeneity and induction of AF. On the other hand, AF induces atrial dilatation, atrial stretch and atrial secretion of ACE. Among other properties, ACE inhibitors have a sympatholytic effect and increase baroreceptor sensitivity. This review discusses the current data on the use of ACE inhibitors for AF prevention. Although these drugs represent a promising therapeutic option for AF patients, the data so far seem only supportive rather than definitive. Prospective trials are required to validate the benefit of ACE inhibitors and to investigate which patients are most likely to benefit from this pharmacological therapy.
Complex T-wave morphology in body surface potential mapping in prediction of arrhythmic events in patients with acute myocardial infarction and cardiac dysfunction; Heterogeneous ventricular repolarization is associated with sudden cardiac death after myocardial infarction (MI). This prospective study investigated repolarization disparity with parameters based on T-wave morphology in body surface potential mapping (BSPM) in the assessment of arrhythmia risk in patients with a recent MI and cardiac dysfunction. Patients (n = 158) had 120-lead BSPM and 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) registered soon after acute MI. Principal component analysis (PCA) of the T-wave and T-wave vector loop descriptors were applied to compute parameters describing T-wave morphology and its variation. The study endpoints were arrhythmic events and all-cause mortality. During a mean follow-up of 50 months, 30 patients (19%) died and 16 (10%) had an arrhythmic event. Most of the parameters differed significantly between patients with and without arrhythmic events. In univariate analysis, T-wave vector loop length (TLL) and PCA parameter PCA(3) in BSPM and TLL in ECG were significant predictors of arrhythmic events. In multivariate analysis including several clinical variables, these parameters also showed an independent prediction, with parameters in BSPM performing somewhat better. None of the parameters predicted all-cause mortality. Complex T-wave morphology in BSPM is a marker of arrhythmia propensity in patients with a recent MI and cardiac dysfunction.
Value of ST-segment elevation pattern in predicting infarct size and left ventricular function at discharge in patients with reperfused acute anterior myocardial infarction; Background The implication of the shape of ST elevation in the acute phase of myocardial infarction (MI) remains unclear. Methods and Results We examined the relation between the shape of ST elevation and infarct size in 77 patients who had a first acute anterior MI with successful reperfusion within 6 hours from symptom onset. A 12-lead electrocardiogram Wets recorded immediately before reperfusion confirmed by coronary angiography. The shape of ST elevation ill lead Vg Was classified into 3 types: concave type (n = 24), straight type (n = 41), and convex type (n = 12). For concave type, straight type, and convex type, a median value of peak creatine kinase was 2287, 4371, and 5322 mU/mL, and left ventricular ejection fraction measured by left ventriculography at discharge (14 days after MI) was 58%, 48%, and 41% (P <.05; concave type versus the other 2 types), respectively. A multivariate logistic regression model demonstrated that the concave type of ST elevation was a strong predicting factor for preserved left ventricular function (left ventricular ejection fraction greater than or equal to 50% at discharge; odds ratio 6.2, 95% confidence interval 1.6 to 20.8, P=0.19). Conclusions In patients with reperfused acute anterior MI, left ventricular function wets excellent in patients with concave type, intermediate in those with straight type, and relatively poor in those with convex type ST elevation at discharge. This simple classification is useful for predicting left ventricular function at discharge.
Efficiency of two-phase methods with focus on a planned population-based case-control study on air pollution and stroke; Background: We plan to conduct a case-control study to investigate whether exposure to nitrogen dioxide ( NO2) increases the risk of stroke. In case-control studies, selective participation can lead to bias and loss of efficiency. A two-phase design can reduce bias and improve efficiency by combining information on the non-participating subjects with information from the participating subjects. In our planned study, we will have access to individual disease status and data on NO2 exposure on group (area) level for a large population sample of Scania, southern Sweden. A smaller sub-sample will be selected to the second phase for individual-level assessment on exposure and covariables. In this paper, we simulate a case-control study based on our planned study. We develop a two-phase method for this study and compare the performance of our method with the performance of other two-phase methods. Methods: A two-phase case-control study was simulated with a varying number of first- and second-phase subjects. Estimation methods: Method 1: Effect estimation with second-phase data only. Method 2: Effect estimation by adjusting the first- phase estimate with the difference between the adjusted and unadjusted second-phase estimate. The first- phase estimate is based on individual disease status and residential address for all study subjects that are linked to register data on NO2-exposure for each geographical area. Method 3: Effect estimation by using the expectation-maximization (EM) algorithm without taking area-level register data on exposure into account. Method 4: Effect estimation by using the EM algorithm and incorporating group-level register data on NO2-exposure. Results: The simulated scenarios were such that, unbiased or marginally biased (< 7%) odds ratio (OR) estimates were obtained with all methods. The efficiencies of method 4, are generally higher than those of methods 1 and 2. The standard errors in method 4 decreased further when the case/ control ratio is above one in the second phase. For all methods, the standard errors do not become substantially reduced when the number of first- phase controls is increased. Conclusion: In the setting described here, method 4 had the best performance in order to improve efficiency, while adjusting for varying participation rates across areas.
Characterization of perioperative contralateral stroke after carotid endarterectomy; Objective: Contralateral stroke is an infrequent cause of perioperative stroke after carotid endarterectomy (CEA). Whereas the risks of ipsilateral stroke complicating CEA have been discriminated, factors that lead to contralateral stroke are poorly defined. The purpose of this study was to identify the risk of perioperative (30-day) contralateral stroke after CEA as well as predisposing preoperative and operative factors. Its specific effect on long-term survival was interrogated. Methods: The Vascular Study Group of New England (VSGNE) was queried from April 1, 2003, to February 29, 2016, for all CEAs. Duplicated patients and those without complete data were excluded. Patients sustaining contralateral stroke after CEA in the 30-day postoperative period were identified. Demographic, preoperative, and operative factors were analyzed to identify discriminators between those with and those without contralateral stroke. Logistic regression modeling was performed to identify factors independently associated with contralateral stroke. The effect of contralateral stroke on 5-year survival was compared with patients with ipsilateral stroke and no stroke using the Kaplan-Meier method. Log-rank testing compared survival curves. Results: There were 10,837 CEAs performed during the study. Average age was 70.4 6 9.3 years; 6605 (61%) patients were male, and 40% (n = 4324) were performed for symptoms. Most were current or former smokers (n = 8619 [ 80%]). Coronary artery disease and congestive heart failure were identified in 31% and 8.6%, respectively. Overall, there were 190 strokes within 30 days of CEA (1.8%); 131 were ipsilateral (1.3%), and 59 (0.5%) patients were identified as having contralateral perioperative stroke. Thirteen patients sustained bilateral stroke (0.1%). Significant univariate associations included urgency (P = .0001), ipsilateral stenosis severity (P = .004), length of operation (P = .0001), CEA with coronary artery bypass graft (P = .0001), CEA with other arterial surgery (P = .01), and CEA with proximal endovascular procedure (P = .03). Contralateral occlusion (P = .06) and degree of contralateral carotid stenosis (P = .14) did not correlate. After logistic regression analysis of significant univariate anatomic and operative factors, length of procedure (odds ratio [OR], 1.08/15 minutes; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.01-1.15; P = .02), urgency of operation (OR, 2.5; 95% CI, 1.3-4.6; P =.006), and concomitant proximal endovascular intervention (OR, 8.7; 95% CI, 4.5-31.2; P = .001) remained predictors of contralateral stroke after CEA. Occurrence of both ipsilateral (P < .001) and contralateral (P = .023) stroke significantly reduced 5-year survival compared with those without stroke. There was no difference in the negative survival effect based on laterality of stroke (P = .24). Conclusions: Contralateral stroke after CEA is rare, affecting 0.5% of patients. Traditional risk reduction medical therapy does not affect occurrence. Degree of contralateral stenosis, including contralateral occlusion, does not predict perioperative contralateral stroke. Urgency of operation, length of operation, and performance of concomitant, ipsilateral endovascular intervention predict contralateral stroke risk with CEA. Contralateral stroke affects long-term survival similar to ipsilateral stroke after CEA.
Fibrinolysis and thrombosis; The fibrinolytic system generates plasmin, which dissolves fibrin in haemostatic plugs and in thrombi. It is often regarded simply as a secondary phenomenon responsive to the generation of thrombi but it is, rather, in dynamic balance with fibrin formation, such that abnormalities in either can lead to thrombosis. This chapter summarizes the fibrinolytic system and its regulation. It considers the components of the system in blood, both in plasma and in circulating cells, with emphasis on protease-inhibitor balance. It goes on to discuss local fibrinolytic potential in thrombi, both venous and arterial, and in the diseased vessel wail, presenting evidence that increased local inhibition of fibrinolysis by PAI-1, PAI-2 and alpha(2)-antiplasmin is intimately involved in thrombus stability and in the generation of fibrin-rich vessel wall lesions. Finally, it reviews the evidence that defective plasma fibrinolysis has a causal role in venous and arterial thrombosis.
Occupational exposures and movement abnormalities among Japanese-American men: The Honolulu-Asia Aging Study; Objective: The authors analyzed data on 1,049 men aged 71-93 years (excluding those with prevalent Parkinson's disease and stroke) from the Honolulu Heart Program (1965-1968) and the Honolulu-Asia Aging Study (19911999) to determine whether occupational exposures to pesticides, solvents, metals, manganese, and mercury during middle age were associated with 14 movement abnormalities 25 years later. Methods: Analyses of variance and multivariate logistic regression were used to assess associations of interest. Results: After adjustment for age, BMI, cognitive functioning, smoking, alcohol drinking, education, and physical activity, there was a positive association between abnormal 'facial expression' and the highest exposure to metals [odds ratio (OR) = 2.62; 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.35-5.11; trend, p = 0.02], and the highest exposure to mercury (OR = 1.91; 95% CI = 1.04-3.49; trend, p = 0.03). Age was positively associated with all movement abnormalities, and cognitive function, body mass index and physical activity were inversely associated with most movement abnormalities. Conclusion: Higher exposure to any metal, and specifically mercury, was associated with abnormal facial expression.
Relationship between cardiovascular health score and year-to-year blood pressure variability in China: a prospective cohort study; Objectives On the basis of cardiovascular health factors and behaviours, the American Heart Association proposed the Cardiovascular Health Score (CHS). It has been widely used to estimate the cardiovascular health status of individuals. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between CHS and year-to-year blood pressure variability (BPV). Design Prospective cohort study. Settings We stratified participants into two groups by gender: first group, female group; second group, male group. The relationship between CHS and year-to-year blood pressure variability were analysed. Participants A total of 41613 individuals met the inclusion criteria (no history of stroke, transient ischaemic attack, myocardial infarction, malignant tumour or atrial fibrillation) and had complete blood pressure data. Results The coefficient of the variation of systolic blood pressure (SCV) was 8.33% in the total population and 8.68% and 8.22% in female and male groups, respectively (p<0.05). Multivariable linear regression analysis revealed that higher CHS was inversely associated with increasing year-to-year BPV, which persisted after adjusting for baseline systolic blood pressure and other risk factors. Each SD increase in CHS could lead to a 0.016SD decrease in SCV (p<0.05). Conclusions In summary, CHS was inversely related to year-to-year BPV, which suggested that a healthy lifestyle may contribute to better blood pressure management.
China Angioplasty and Stenting for Symptomatic Intracranial Severe Stenosis (CASSISS): A new, prospective, multicenter, randomized controlled trial in China; Background: Patients with symptomatic stenosis of intradural arteries are at high risk for subsequent stroke. Since the SAMMPRIS trial, stenting is no longer recommended as primary treatment; however, the results of this trial, its inclusion criteria and its center selection received significant criticism and did not appear to reflect our experience regarding natural history nor treatment complications rate. As intracranial atherosclerosis (ICAS) is the most common cause for stroke in Asian countries, we are hereby proposing a refined prospective, randomized, multicenter study in an Asian population with strictly defined patient and participating center inclusion criteria. Methods: The China Angioplasty and Stenting for Symptomatic Intracranial Severe Stenosis (CASSISS) trial is an ongoing, government-funded, prospective, multicenter, randomized trial. It recruits patients with recent TIA or stroke caused by 70%-99% stenosis of a major intracranial artery. Patients with previous stroke related to perforator ischemia will not be included. Only high-volume centers with a proven track record will enroll patients as determined by a lead-in phase. Patients will be randomized (1:1) to best medical therapy alone or medical therapy plus stenting. Primary endpoints are any stroke or death within 30 days after enrollment or after any revascularization procedure of the qualifying lesion during follow-up, or stroke in the territory of the symptomatic intracranial artery beyond 30 days. The CASSISS trial will be conducted in eight sites in China with core imaging lab review at a North American site and aims to have a sample size of 380 participants (stenting, 190; medical therapy, 190). Recruitment is expected to be finished by December 2016. Patients will be followed for at least three years. The trial is scheduled to complete in 2019. Conclusion: In the proposed trial, certain shortcomings of SAMMPRIS including patient and participating center selection will be addressed. The present manuscript outlines the rationale and design of the study. We estimate that this trial will allow for a critical reappraisal of the role of intracranial stenting for selected patients in high-volume centers.
A review on ROCK-II inhibitors: From molecular modelling to synthesis; Rho kinase enzyme expressed in different disease conditions and involved in mediating vasoconstriction and vascular remodeling in the pathogenesis. There are two isoforms of Rho kinases, namely ROCK I and ROCK II, responsible for different physiological function due to difference in distribution, but almost similar in structure. The Rho kinase 2 belongs to AGC family and is widely distributed in brain, heart and muscles. It is responsible for contraction of vascular smooth muscles by calcium sensitization. Its defective and unwanted expression can lead to many medical conditions like multiple sclerosis, myocardial ischemia, inflammatory responses, etc. Many Rho kinase 1 and 2 inhibitors have been designed for Rho/Rho kinase pathway by use of molecular modeling studies. Most of the designed compounds have been modeled based on ROCK 1 enzyme. This article is focused on Rho kinase 2 inhibitors as there are many ways to improvise by use of Computer aided drug designing as very less quantum of research work carried out. Herein, the article highlights different stages of designing like docking, SAR and synthesis of ROCK inhibitors and recent advances. It also highlights future prospective to improve the activity. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Relation of admission QRS duration with development of angiographic no-reflow in patients with acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction treated with primary percutaneous interventions; Background: Although QRS-complex changes during ischemia have been described previously, their relation with no-reflow is not clear. Purpose: To evaluate relation of admission QRS duration with angiographic no-reflow, we studied 162 patients who underwent primary angioplasty. Methods: Twelve-lead electrocardiogram with a paper speed of 50 mm/s was recorded on admission and repeated after angioplasty. Patients were divided into reflow and no-reflow groups based on postangioplasty coronary thrombolysis in myocardial infarction flow grade. Results: Patients in the no-reflow group (26 patients) were older (P = .001) and had significantly longer pain-to-balloon interval (P = .007). The patients in the no-reflow group had significantly longer QRS duration on admission electrocardiogram compared with patients in the reflow group (interquartile range, 80-93 [median, 84] milliseconds vs 60-80 [median, 76] milliseconds, respectively; P < .001). After adjusting all variables, QRS duration on admission was found to be independently related to angiographic no-reflow (odds ratio, 1.07; 95% confidence interval, 1.02-1.12; P = .003). Conclusion: QRS duration on admission may be valuable in predicting no-reflow. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Arsenic exposure at low-to-moderate levels and skin lesions, arsenic metabolism, neurological functions, and biomarkers for respiratory and cardiovascular diseases: Review of recent findings from the Health Effects of Arsenic Longitudinal Study (HEALS) in Bangladesh; The contamination of groundwater by arsenic in Bangladesh is a major public health concern affecting 35-75 million people. Although it is evident that high levels (>300 mu g/L) of arsenic exposure from drinking water are related to adverse health outcomes, health effects of arsenic exposure at low-to-moderate levels (10-300 mu g/L) are not well understood. We established the Health Effects of Arsenic Longitudinal Study (HEALS) with more than 20,000 men and women in Araihazar, Bangladesh, to prospectively investigate the health effects of arsenic predominately at low-to-moderate levels (0.1 to 864 mu g/L, mean 99 mu g/L) of arsenic exposure. Findings to date suggest adverse effects of low-to-moderate levels of arsenic exposure on the risk of pre-malignant skin lesions, high blood pressure, neurological dysfunctions, and all-cause and chronic disease mortality. In addition, the data also indicate that the risk of skin lesion due to arsenic exposure is modifiable by nutritional factors, such as folate and selenium status, lifestyle factors, including cigarette smoking and body mass index, and genetic polymorphisms in genes related to arsenic metabolism. The analyses of biomarkers for respiratory and cardiovascular functions support that there may be adverse effects of arsenic on these outcomes and call for confirmation in large studies. A unique strength of the HEALS is the availability of outcome data collected prospectively and data on detailed individual-level arsenic exposure estimated using water, blood and repeated urine samples. Future prospective analyses of clinical endpoints and related host susceptibility will enhance our knowledge on the health effects of low-to-moderate levels of arsenic exposure, elucidate disease mechanisms, and give directions for prevention. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Reduction in the incidence of myocardial infarction in patients with rheumatoid arthritis who respond to anti-tumor necrosis factor α therapy -: Results from the British Society for Rheumatology Biologics Register; Objective. Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is associated with an increased risk of coronary artery disease, possibly acting via shared mechanisms of inflammation. This study was undertaken to test the hypothesis that the powerful antiinflammatory effect of anti-tumor necrosis alpha (anti-TNF alpha) therapy might lead to a reduction in the incidence of myocardial infarction (MI) in patients with RA. Methods. Using data from the British Society for Rheumatology Biologics Register, a national prospective observational study, we compared MI rates in 8,670 patients with RA treated with anti-TNFa and 2,170 patients with active RA treated with traditional disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs). Results. Through July 2006, 63 MIs occurred in the anti-TNFa cohort during 13,233 person-years of followup and 17 MIs occurred in the DMARD cohort during 2,893 person-years of followup, equivalent to a rate of 4.8 events per 1,000 person-years and 5.9 events per 1,000 person-years, respectively. After adjustment for baseline risk factors, there was no reduction in the rate of MI in the anti-TNF alpha cohort compared with the DMARD cohort (incidence rate ratio 1.44 [95% confidence interval 0.56-3.67]). In an analysis of anti-TNF alpha-treated patients who responded to the treatment within 6 months versus those who did not, MI rates were found to be 3.5 events per 1,000 person-years in responders and 9.4 events per 1,000 person-years in nonresponders. The adjusted incidence rate ratio (95% confidence interval) for responders compared with nonresponders was 0.36 (0.19-0.69). Conclusion. These results indicate that RA patients treated with anti-TNFa do not have a lower incidence of MI compared with RA patients treated with traditional DMARDs. However, the risk of MI is markediy reduced in those who respond to anti-TNFa therapy by 6 months compared with nonresponders. This finding supports the notion that inflammation plays a pivotal role in MI.
The Pulmonary Artery Catheter in Anesthesia Practice in 2007: An Historical Overview With Emphasis on the Past 6 Years; The pulmonary artery catheter has been widely used in anesthesiology and critical care medicine. Until recently, only retrospective or relatively weak prospective studies examining its effect on outcome had been performed. Over the past 6 years, however, a number of welldesigned prospective trials and statistically sound retrospective studies have been completed. All of these show no benefit and some even reveal a potential for increased morbidity. Reasons for this device's inability to improve outcome are numerous, including wrong patient selection and misinterpretation, but the most impressive and convincing evidence is that filling pressures measured from the catheter, particularly the pulmonary artery "wedge" pressure, have no physiologic value. The wedge pressure has been shown to not correlate with other accepted methods of determining left ventricular filling or volume or intravascular volume and also does not help to generate cardiac function curves. Therefore, knowledge of it may actually lead to incorrect management more frequently than not.
Hyponatraemia predicts the acute (type 1) cardio-renal syndrome; Aims The acute (type 1) cardio-renal syndrome(CRS) refers to an acute worsening of heart function leading to worsening renal function (WRF), and frequently complicates acute decompensated heart failure (ADHF) and acute myocardial infarction (AMI). The aim of this study was to investigate whether hyponatraemia, a surrogate marker of congestion and haemodilution and of neurohormonal activation, could identify patients at risk for WRF. Methods and results We studied the association between hyponatraemia (sodium <136 mmol/L) and WRF (defined as an increase of >0.3 mg/dL in creatinine above baseline) in two separate cohorts: patients with ADHF (n = 525) and patients with AMI (n = 2576). Hyponatraemia on admission was present in 156 patients (19.7%) with ADHF and 461 patients (17.7%) with AMI. Hyponatraemia was more frequent in patients who subsequently developed WRF as compared with patients who did not, in both the ADHF (34.6% vs. 22.2%, P = 0.0003) and AMI (29.7% vs. 21.8%, P<0.01) cohorts. In a multivariable logistic regression model, the multivariable adjusted odds ratio for WRF was 1.90 [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.25-2.88; P = 0.003] and 1.56 (95% CI 1.13-2.16; P = 0.002) in the ADHF and AMI cohorts, respectively. The mortality risk associated with hyponatraemia was attenuated in the absence of WRF. Conclusion Hyponatraemia predicts the development of WRF in two clinical scenarios that frequently lead to the type I CRS. These data are consistent with the concept that congestion and neurohormonal activation play a pivotal role in the pathophysiology of acute cardio-renal failure.
Transmission of 12-lead electrocardiographic tracings by Emergency Medical Technician-Basics and Emergency Medical Technician-Intermediates: a feasibility study; Introduction: Prehospital transmission of the electrocardiogram (ECG) in ST-elevation myocardial infarction patients has been shown to reduce door to treatment time and improve outcome. Acquisition of the ECG tracing is a paramedic skill, thus limiting the benefit of early ECG transmission to primarily urban areas. The purpose of this investigation was to determine whether prehospital ECGs could be transmitted by nonparamedic personnel. Methods: A prospective case series of consecutive patients with a chief complaint of chest pain was conducted. An ECG was transmitted on all eligible patients. Proper lead placement was verified, and the diagnostic quality of the ECG was assessed on emergency department arrival. Time on scene was recorded and compared with historical controls. Results: Ninety patients were enrolled in the study. An ECG was transmitted successfully in 89 (98.9%) of 90 patients. Accurate lead placement was noted in 89 (98.9%) of 90, and the ECG was of "diagnostic quality" in 85 (95.5%) of 89 patients. There was no increase in scene time during the study period. Conclusion: Prehospital transmission of diagnostic-quality ECG can be reliably performed by nonparamedic providers. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Clinical Characteristics and Prevalence of Early Repolarization Associated With Ventricular Arrhythmias Following Acute ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction; Early repolarization (ER) on a 12-lead electrocardiogram has recently been associated with ventricular tachyarrhythmias (VTAs) in patients without structural heart disease and in patients with healed myocardial infarction (MI). An association between ER and VTAs in the setting of acute ST-segment elevation MI (STEMI) has not been explored. In a single-center retrospective case-control design, 50 patients with STEMI complicated by VTAs (cases), defined as ventricular fibrillation, sustained ventricular tachycardia, or nonsustained ventricular tachycardia within 72 hours of the index hospitalization, were matched for age and gender with 50 subjects with STEMI without VTAs (controls). Electrocardiograms obtained an average of 1 year before STEMI were analyzed for ER pattern, defined as notching or slurring of the terminal QRS complex or J-point elevation >0.1 mV above baseline in >= 2 contiguous leads. A higher prevalence of ER was associated with VTAs overall in cases compared to controls (26% vs 4%, p = 0.01) and localized to anterior (16% vs 0%) and inferior (14% vs 2%, p = 0.07) leads but not lateral limb leads. Notching (10% vs 2%, p = 0.1) and J-point elevation (16% vs 0%) were more common in cases. Slurring was uncommon. ER was associated with VTAs (odds ratio [OR] 6.5, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.5 to 28.8, p = 0.01), even after adjustment for creatine kinase-MB (OR 9.2, 95% CI 1.6 to 53.4, p = 0.01) and ejection fraction (OR 5.7, 95% CI 1.2 to 27.1, p = 0.03). In conclusion, ER is associated with VTAs in patients with STEMI even after adjustment for left ventricular ejection fraction or creatine kinas-MB levels. Larger prospective studies exploring potential associations and mechanisms of ventricular arrhythmogenesis with ER pattern are needed. (c) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2012;110:615-620)
Meta-analysis of 65,734 Individuals Identifies <i>TSPAN15</i> and <i>SLC44A2</i> as Two Susceptibility Loci for Venous Thromboembolism; Venous thromboembolism (VTE), the third leading cause of cardiovascular mortality, is a complex thrombotic disorder with environmental and genetic determinants. Although several genetic variants have been found associated with VTE, they explain a minor proportion of VTE risk in cases. We undertook a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies (GWASs) to identify additional VTE susceptibility genes. Twelve GWASs totaling 7,507 VTE case subjects and 52,632 control subjects formed our discovery stage where 6,751,884 SNPs were tested for association with VTE. Nine loci reached the genome-wide significance level of 5 x 10(-8) including six already known to associate with VTE (ABO, F2, F5, F11, FGG, and PROCR) and three unsuspected loci. SNPs mapping to these latter were selected for replication in three independent case-control studies totaling 3,009 VTE-affected individuals and 2,586 control subjects. This strategy led to the identification and replication of two VTE-associated loci, TSPAN15 and SLC44A2, with lead risk alleles associated with odds ratio for disease of 1.31 (p = 1.67 x 10(-16)) and 1.21 (p = 2.75 x 10(-15)), respectively. The lead SNP at the TSPAN15 locus is the intronic rs78707713 and the lead SLC44A2 SNP is the non-synonymous rs2288904 previously shown to associate with transfusion-related acute lung injury. We further showed that these two variants did not associate with known hemostatic plasma markers. TSPAN15 and SLC44A2 do not belong to conventional pathways for thrombosis and have not been associated to other cardiovascular diseases nor related quantitative biomarkers. Our findings uncovered unexpected actors of VTE etiology and pave the way for novel mechanistic concepts of VTE pathophysiology.
Abnormal P-Wave Axis and Ischemic Stroke The ARIC Study (Atherosclerosis Risk In Communities); Background and Purpose-Abnormal P-wave axis (aPWA) has been linked to incident atrial fibrillation and mortality; however, the relationship between aPWA and stroke has not been reported. We hypothesized that aPWA is associated with ischemic stroke independent of atrial fibrillation and other stroke risk factors and tested our hypothesis in the ARIC study (Atherosclerosis Risk In Communities), a community-based prospective cohort study. Methods-We included 15 102 participants (aged 54.2 +/- 5.7 years; 55.2% women; 26.5% blacks) who attended the baseline examination (1987-1989) and without prevalent stroke. We defined aPWA as any value outside 0 to 75 degrees using 12-lead ECGs obtained during study visits. Each case of incident ischemic stroke was classified in accordance with criteria from the National Survey of Stroke by a computer algorithm and adjudicated by physician review. Multivariable Cox regression was used to estimate hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals for the association of aPWA with stroke. Results-During a mean follow-up of 20.2 years, there were 657 incident ischemic stroke cases. aPWA was independently associated with a 1.50-fold (95% confidence interval, 1.22-1.85) increased risk of ischemic stroke in the multivariable model that included atrial fibrillation. When subtyped, aPWA was associated with a 2.04-fold (95% confidence interval, 1.42-2.95) increased risk of cardioembolic stroke and a 1.32-fold (95% confidence interval, 1.03-1.71) increased risk of thrombotic stroke. Conclusions-aPWA is independently associated with ischemic stroke. This association seems to be stronger for cardioembolic strokes. Collectively, our findings suggest that alterations in atrial electric activation may predispose to cardiac thromboembolism independent of atrial fibrillation.
Ideal cardiovascular health and risk of cardiovascular events in the EPIC-Norfolk prospective population study; Background The American Heart Association has prioritised seven cardiovascular health metrics to reduce the cardiovascular burden, including: body mass index, healthy diet, physical activity, smoking status, blood pressure, glycated haemoglobin A1c and total cholesterol. The aim of the current study was to assess the association between the American Heart Association-defined health metrics and the risk of cardiovascular events in the EPIC-Norfolk prospective study. Design Prospective cohort study. Methods An overall cardiovascular health score was calculated based on the number of health metrics including ideal, intermediate or poor. Cox proportional hazards models were used to describe the association of the seven metrics separately and the overall health score with risk of coronary heart disease, stroke and cardiovascular disease. A total of 10,043 participants was included in the analysis (follow-up 1993-2008). For all individual health metrics a more ideal status was associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular events. Results and conclusion As for the overall cardiovascular health score, those in the highest (i.e. healthiest) category (score 12-14) had an adjusted hazard ratio for coronary heart disease of 0.07 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.02-0.29, P<0.001), for stroke of 0.16 (95% CI 0.02-1.37, P=0.09) and for cardiovascular disease of 0.07 (95% CI 0.02-0.23, P<0.001), compared to people in the lowest (i.e. unhealthiest) category (score 0-2). The overall cardiovascular health score was strongly and inversely associated with risk of coronary heart disease, stroke and cardiovascular disease. Our data suggest that even small improvements in modifiable risk factors may lead to substantial reductions in the risks of cardiovascular events.
LIMITATIONS OF A QRS SCORING SYSTEM TO ASSESS LEFT-VENTRICULAR FUNCTION AND PROGNOSIS AT HOSPITAL DISCHARGE AFTER MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION; The value of a QRS scoring system derived from 12 lead ECG to estimate left ventricular ejection fraction was assessed in a prospective study of 285 hospital survivors of myocardial infarction. In these patients both the QRS score and ejection fraction were measured by radionuclide ventriculography at discharge. The correlation between ejection fraction and QRS score was weak. In 22 patients who died during 6-12 mo. follow up the ability of the ejection fraction and QRS score to predict mortality was assessed in terms of sensitivity, specificity, predictive value of a positive and negative test and efficiency. For ejection fraction < 40% and a QRS score .gtoreq. 6 sensitivity was, respectively, 73% and 64%, specificity 73% and 56%, predictive value of a positive test 18% and 11%, predictive value of a negative test 97% and 95% and efficiency 73% and 56%. Both ejection fraction and QRS score may be used to identify patients at low and high risk during 1 yr follow up, but, contrary to initial expectations, the QRS score appears to be of little value in estimating ejection fraction and is less accurate than ejection fraction in predicting late survival in hospital survivors of myocardial infarction.
Genetics of intima-media thickness; Purpose of review Increased carotid artery intima-media thickness is associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease or cerebrovascular disease and is a powerful predictor of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular outcomes. Consequently, the measurement is now used in a number of case control, cohort and familial and linkage studies as an intermediate phenotype for the investigation of the genetic and environmental determinants of atherosclerosis. The aim of this paper is to review the most recent available data on the genetic determinants of carotid intima-media thickness. Recent findings Genes could account for a significant amount of variation in carotid intima-media thickness: up to 30-66%. Carotid intima-media thickness progressed more rapidly with age in familial hypercholesterolemia patients than in patients without his condition. Familial hypercholesterolemia patients with a null LDL receptor allele tended to have higher carotid intima-media thickness than patients carrying the LDL receptor defective allele. Small association studies showing positive or negative results with the angiotensinogen gene variants as well as with the angiotensin converting enzyme I/D polymorphism add to the confusion in this largely controversial area. Differing results may depend on the vascular territory and genetic background. New associations have been described in small studies. Summary Studies on the association of polymorphisms and intima-media thickness are frequently disappointing and lead occasionally to conflicting results. Among study limitations is the fact that mostly single gene effects are considered; longitudinal cohort studies may be more appropriate than case control studies. Ongoing large prospective population studies and clinical trials have integrated the measurements of intima-media thickness and genotype determination with a genomic approach. As a result, in the near future we may see more important and robust results with significant consequences on our understanding of genetic determinants of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
Trace Elements and Healthcare: A Bioinformatics Perspective; Biological trace elements are essential for human health. Imbalance in trace element metabolism and homeostasis may play an important role in a variety of diseases and disorders. While the majority of previous researches focused on experimental verification of genes involved in trace element metabolism and those encoding trace element-dependent proteins, bioinformatics study on trace elements is relatively rare and still at the starting stage. This chapter offers an overview of recent progress in bioinformatics analyses of trace element utilization, metabolism, and function, especially comparative genomics of several important metals. The relationship between individual elements and several diseases based on recent large-scale systematic studies such as genome-wide association studies and case-control studies is discussed. Lastly, developments of ionomics and its recent application in human health are also introduced.
Arrhythmias in patients with acute coronary syndrome in the first 24 hours of hospitalization; Objectives: In patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS), we sought to: 1) describe arrhythmias during hospitalization, 2) explore the association between arrhythmias and patient outcomes, and 3) explore predictors of the occurrence of arrhythmias. Methods: In a prospective sub-study of the IMMEDIATE AIM study, we analyzed electrocardiographic (ECG) data from 278 patients with ACS. On emergency department admission, a Holter recorder was attached for continuous 12-lead ECG monitoring. Results: Approximately 22% of patients had more than 50 premature ventricular contractions (PVCs) per hour. Non-sustained ventricular tachycardia (VT) occurred in 15% of patients. Very few patients (<= 1%) had a malignant arrhythmia (sustained VT, asystole, torsade de pointes, or ventricular fibrillation). Only more than 50 PVCs/hour independently predicted an increased length of stay (p < .0001). No arrhythmias predicted mortality. Age greater than 65 years and a final diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction independently predicted more than 50 PVCs per hour (p = .0004). Conclusions: Patients with ACS seem to have fewer serious arrhythmias today, which may have implications for the appropriate use of continuous ECG monitoring. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Diagnostic Performance of Treadmill Exercise Cardiac Magnetic Resonance: The Prospective, Multicenter Exercise CMR's Accuracy for Cardiovascular Stress Testing (EXACT) Trial; Background-Stress cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) has typically involved pharmacologic agents. Treadmill CMR has shown utility in single-center studies but has not undergone multicenter evaluation. Methods and Results-Patients referred for treadmill stress nuclear imaging (SPECT) were prospectively enrolled across 4 centers. After rest Tc-99m SPECT, patients underwent resting cine CMR. In-room stress was then performed using an MR-compatible treadmill with continuous 12-lead electrocardiogram monitoring. At peak stress, Tc-99m was injected, and patients rapidly returned to the MR scanner isocenter for real-time, free-breathing stress cine and perfusion imaging. After recovery, cine and rest perfusion followed by late gadolinium enhancement acquisitions concluded CMR imaging. Stress SPECT was then acquired in adjacent nuclear laboratories. A subset of patients not referred for invasive coronary angiography within 2 weeks of stress underwent coronary computed tomography angiography. Angiographic data available in 94 patients showed sensitivity of 79%, specificity of 99% for exercise CMR with positive predictive value of 92% and negative predictive value of 96%. Agreement between treadmill stress CMR and angiography was strong (kappa= 0.82), and moderate between SPECT and angiography (kappa= 0.46) and CMR versus SPECT (kappa= 0.48). Conclusions-The multicenter EXACT trial indicates excellent diagnostic value of treadmill stress CMR in typical patients referred for exercise SPECT.
Right ventricular myocardial infarction: Presentation and acute outcomes; Acute inferior wall myocardial infarction can be complicated by right ventricular myocardial infarction (RVMI), and the excess mortality cannot he fully explained by mechanical reasons. The authors try to systematically assess the incidence, clinical presentation and early outcomes of right ventricular infarction in a tertiary-care setup. Their study was a prospective observational series of consecutive patients with RVMI. All patients with acute inferior myocardial infarction (n = 135) were enlisted. RVMI was diagnosed by >= 1 mm ST elevation in lead V-4R in a right-sided electrocardiogram. Right ventricular (RV) infarction occurred in 37% (n = 50) of patients with acute inferior infarctions. Patients with isolated inferior infarction served as controls (n = 85). Echocardiography was performed within 24 hours of admission. From both groups, 66% qualified for thrombolysis. The incidence of hypotension-bradycardia and heart blocks requiring pacing support was much higher in right ventricular infarction (n = 2 1) than in inferior infarction (n = 13). Clinically manifest RV dysfunction (raised jugular venous pulse [JVP], hypotension, tricuspid regurgitation) and right ventricular dilation detected by echocardiography were seen in only 13 patients. The in-hospital mortality rate was significantly higher (n = 8, 16%) in right ventricular infarction group than in inferior infarction group (n = 3, 3.5%). Right ventricular infarction was seen in a third of inferior myocardial infarctions (IMIs), but hemodynamically evident right ventricular dysfunction occurred in only a tenth of acute Ms. Nevertheless, the acute in-hospital mortality rate of patients with right ventricular infarction was much higher than in those with inferior infarction owing to arrhythmic and mechanical complications.
A COMPARATIVE-STUDY OF BODY-SURFACE ISOPOTENTIAL MAPPING AND THE ELECTROCARDIOGRAM IN DIAGNOSING OF MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION; It is important to determine the location of the infarcted area by body surface isopotential mapping (MAP), but at present there is no definite method to accomplish this. Here, the infarcted area was estimated by MAP. Initially, in a retrospective study using 50 [human] cases, a comparison was made between the location of the infarcted area estimated by MAP and that estimated by 12-lead ECG to determine the size of the infarcted area of a region in which positive findings were obtained to  determine the location of infarction. Criterion A (the infarcted area occupies > 1/2 of a region in which positive findings are obtained by MAP) in a previous study was too severe for MAP, and criterion B (the infarcted area occupies > 1/3 of a region in which positive findings are obtained) was adequate as a positive finding by MAP after comparison with the 12-lead ECG. This was confirmed in 40 cases in a prospective study. Secondly, in order to assess the superiority of MAP to the 12-lead ECG, the sensitivity, specificity and others of MAP, and those of the 12-lead ECG to a scintigram using 201Tl (SCG) were calculated. The sensitivity and negative predictive value of MAP to SCG were superior to that of ECG to SCG in the lateral, inferior and posterior walls, and apparently MAP was more sensitive than 12-lead ECG in detecting the location of myocardial infarction.
Noise Effects on Health in the Context of Air Pollution Exposure; For public health policy and planning it is important to understand the relative contribution of environmental noise on health compared to other environmental stressors. Air pollution is the primary environmental stressor in relation to cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. This paper reports a narrative review of studies in which the associations of both environmental noise and air pollution with health have been examined. Studies of hypertension, myocardial infarction, stroke, mortality and cognitive outcomes were included. Results suggest independent effects of environmental noise from road traffic, aircraft and, with fewer studies, railway noise on cardiovascular outcomes after adjustment for air pollution. Comparative burden of disease studies demonstrate that air pollution is the primary environmental cause of disability adjusted life years lost (DALYs). Environmental noise is ranked second in terms of DALYs in Europe and the DALYs attributed to noise were more than those attributed to lead, ozone and dioxins. In conclusion, in planning and health impact assessment environmental noise should be considered an independent contributor to health risk which has a separate and substantial role in ill-health separate to that of air pollution.
LIMITATION OF MYOCARDIAL-ISCHEMIA BY COLLATERAL CIRCULATION DURING SUDDEN CONTROLLED CORONARY-ARTERY OCCLUSION IN HUMAN-SUBJECTS - A PROSPECTIVE-STUDY; We have shown improvement in collateral filling immediately after sudden controlled coronary occlusion in human subjects undergoing elective coronary angioplasty. It has been suggested but not proved that collateral circulation can limit myocardial ischemia. We prospectively studied 23 patients with isolated left anterior descending (n = 14) or right coronary (n = 9) disease and normal left ventriculograms during elective coronary angioplasty. A second arterial catheter was used for injection  of the contralateral artery to assess collateral filling before balloon placement and during coronary occlusion by balloon inflation. Left ventriculography was performed during another inflation. Grading of collateral filling was as follows: 0 = none, 1 = filling of side branches only, 2 = partial filling of the epicardial segment, 3 = complete filling of the epicardial segment. Indexes of myocardial ischemia included percent of the left ventricular perimeter showing new hypocontractility and the sum of ST segment elevation measured on a simultaneous 12-lead electrocardiogram recorded during each inflation. Collateral filling during balloon occlusion and indexes of ischemia were assessed at 30 to 40 sec into inflation. Aortic pressure and heart rate did not correlate with the percent hypocontractile perimeter nor the sum of ST segment elevation. There was a significant correlation between the grade of collateral filling during inflation and both percent hypocontractile perimeter (r = -0.85) and the sum of ST segment elevation (r = -0.87). Anginal pain occurred in all patients with grade 0 or 1 collateral filling but in only 36% of patients with grade 2 or 3 collaterals. In conclusion, collateral circulation limits myocardial ischemia as assessed by the extent of new ventricular asynergy and electrocardiographic changes during coronary occlusion in patients.
Serum long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and future blood pressure in an ageing population; To investigate the associations of serum long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and hair mercury with future blood pressure in an ageing population. Prospective study with baseline measurements in 1998-2001 and follow-up measurements in 2005-2008. The linear relationships (beta) of baseline serum fatty acids and hair mercury with future systolic and diastolic blood pressure and pulse pressure were analyzed with multiple linear regression models, using log-transformed values. 181 men and 200 women aged 53-73 y from the Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study (KIHD) population in Eastern Finland, who were free of cardiovascular disease, diabetes or hypertension at baseline. Total serum esterified and nonesterified fatty acids and pubic hair mercury were used as markers for exposure. Anthropometric and other lifestyle and health-related data were collected. The mean serum concentrations were 1.67% (SD 0.92) for eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), 0.79% (SD 0.16) for docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) and 2.78 (SD 0.92) for docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), of all serum fatty acids. The mean hair mercury concentration was 1.5 mu g/g (SD 1.6). We did not find statistically significant associations between the baseline serum long-chain omega-3 PUFA concentrations or hair mercury content and future blood pressure. Hair mercury did not modify the associations with the long-chain omega-3 PUFAs, either. Higher serum long-chain omega-3 PUFA concentration, a biomarker of fish or fish oil consumption, may not have an impact on future blood pressure in an ageing population.
Ischemic heart disease in the emergency room: state of the art, innovation and research; This opinion paper is aimed to provide an overview about the state of the art, innovation and research in ischemic heart disease in the emergency room, and is a synopsis of the lectures of the Italian GREAT Network Congress (Rome, 15-19 October 2012). The leading issues of a multidisciplinary risk stratification and diagnosis of patients presenting to the emergency department with suspected ischemic heart disease will be discussed taking into consideration the variable onset of clinical signs and symptoms, the role of novel highly-sensitive troponin immunoassays. the promising use of an 80-lead electrocardiogram, echocardiography and risk stratification scores. Preliminary information will also be provided about the ongoing Italian multicentric registry on chest pain patients in emergency department, an observational prospective study aimed to collect data about patients presenting at the emergency department with typical chest pain suggesting an acute coronary syndrome.
Does Continuous ST-Segment Monitoring Add Prognostic Information to the TIMI, PURSUIT, and GRACE Risk Scores?; Background: Recurrent ischemia is frequent in patients with non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndromes (NST-ACS), and portends a worse prognosis. Continuous ST-segment monitoring (CSTM) reflects the dynamic nature of ischemia and allows the detection of silent episodes. The aim of this study is to investigate whether CSTM adds prognostic information to the risk scores (RS) currently used. Methods: We studied 234 patients with NST-ACS in whom CSTM was performed in the first 24 hours after admission. An ST episode was defined as a transient ST-segment deviation in >= 1 lead of >= 0.1 mV, and persisting >= 1 minute. Three RS were calculated: Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI; for NST-ACS), Platelet glycoprotein IIb/IIIa in Unstable angina: Receptor Supression Using Integrilin (PURSUIT; death/MI model), and Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events (GRACE). The end point was defined as death or nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI), during 1-year follow-up. Results: ST episodes were detected in 54 patients (23.1%) and associated with worse 1-year outcome: 25.9% end point rate versus 12.2% (Odds Ratio [OR] = 2.51; 95% Confidence Interval [CI], 1.18-5, 35; P = 0.026). All three RS predicted 1-year outcome, but the GRACE (c-statistic = 0.755; 95% CI, 0.695-0.809) was superior to both TIMI (c-statistic = 0.632; 95% CI, 0.567-0.694) and PURSUIT (c-statistic = 0.644; 95% CI: 0.579-0.706). A GRACE RS > 124 showed the highest accuracy for predicting end point. The presence of ST episodes added independent prognostic information the TIMI RS (hazard ratio [HR] = 2.23; 95% CI, 1.13-4.38) and to PURSUIT RS (HR = 2.03; 95% CI, 1.03-3.98), but not to the GRACE RS. Conclusions: CSTM provides incremental prognostic information beyond the TIMI and PURSUIT RS, but not the GRACE risk score. Hence, the GRACE risk score should be the preferred stratification model in daily practice.
Prehospital identification of acute coronary syndrome/myocardial infarction in relation to ST elevation; Aim: To evaluate factors that identify patients with an acute coronary syndrome/myocardial infarction prior to hospital admission among patients with a suspected acute coronary syndrome who were transported by ambulance with and without ST elevation on the ambulance electrocardiogram (ECG). Methods: This was a prospective observational study in the part of Stockholm that is served by South Hospital ambulance organisation and the Municipality of Goteborg. All the patients who called for an ambulance due to acute chest pain or other symptoms raising the suspicion of an acute coronary syndrome took part. Immediately after the arrival of the ambulance, a blood sample was drawn for the analysis of serum myoglobin, creatine kinase (CK) MB and troponin I. A 12-lead ECG was simultaneously recorded. Further factors that were taken into consideration were age, gender, history of cardiovascular disease, symptoms and clinical findings. Results: In patients with ST elevation in prehospital ECG, the likelihood of an acute myocardial infarction increased if there were simultaneous ST depression in other leads (OR 3.94, 95% CL 1.26-12.38). For patients without an ST elevation, the likelihood of an acute myocardial infarction increased if there were: elevation of any biochemical marker OR 2.96, 95% CL 1.32-6.64; ST depression (OR 2.54, 95% CL 1.43-4.51), T-inversion (OR 2.22, 95% CL 1.10-4.48), male gender (OR 2.21, 95% CL 1.24-3.93) and increasing age (OR 1.04, 95% CL 1.01-1.06). Conclusion: Among patients with a suspected acute coronary syndrome, factors that increased the likelihood for an ongoing acute myocardial infarction could already be defined prior to hospital admission. For those with an ST elevation, factors were found in ECG pattern. For those without an ST elevation, such factors were found in elevation of biochemical markers, admission ECG, male gender and increasing age. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fish consumption and myocardial infarction: a second prospective biomarker study from northern Sweden; Background: A beneficial role of fish consumption on the risk of myocardial infarction (MI) has been reported and is mostly ascribed to n-3 (omega-3) fatty acids. However, fish also contains methylmercury, which may increase the risk of MI. Objective: The objective was to determine how fish consumption and erythrocyte concentrations of mercury (Ery-Hg) and selenium (Ery-Se) are related to the risk of MI and whether n-3 fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids) in plasma phospholipids (P-EPA+DHA) are protective. Design: This was a case-control study nested within the northern Sweden cohort, in which data and samples were collected prospectively. The study included 431 cases with an MI after data and sample collection, including 81 sudden cardiac deaths (SCDs) and 499 matched controls. Another 69 female cases with controls from a breast cancer screening registry were included in sex-specific analyses. Results: Odds ratios for the third compared with the first tertile were 0.65 (95% CI: 0.46, 0.91) for Ery-Hg, 0.75 (95% CI: 0.53, 1.06) for Ery-Se, and 0.78 (95% CI: 0.54, 1.11) for P-EPA+DHA. Ery-Hg and P-EPA+DHA were intercorrelated (Spearman's R = 0.34). No association was seen for reported fish consumption. Multivariate modeling did not change these associations significantly. Sex-specific analyses showed no differences in risk associations. High concentrations of Ery-Se were associated with an increased risk of SCD. Conclusions: The biomarker results indicate a protective effect of fish consumption. No harmful effect of mercury was indicated in this low-exposed population in whom Ery-Hg and P-EPA+DHA were intercorrelated. Am J Clin Nutr 2011;93:27-36.
Results of the ROADSTER multicenter trial of transcarotid stenting with dynamic flow reversal; Objective: This report presents the 30-day results of the Safety and Efficacy Study for Reverse Flow Used During Carotid Artery Stenting Procedure (ROADSTER) multicenter trial and evaluates the safety and efficacy of ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS (Silk Road Medical Inc, Sunnyvale, Calif), a novel transcarotid neuroprotection system that provides direct surgical common carotid access and cerebral embolic protection via high-rate flow reversal during carotid artery stenting (CAS). Methods: A prospective, single-arm, multicenter clinical trial was performed to evaluate the use of the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS during CAS procedures performed in patients considered to be at high risk for complications from carotid endarterectomy. Symptomatic patients with >= 50% stenosis and asymptomatic patients with >= 70% stenosis were eligible to be treated with any U.S. Food and Drug Administration-approved carotid artery stent. The primary end point was the composite of all stroke, myocardial infarction (MI), and death at 30 days postprocedure as defined in the Food and Drug Administration-approved study protocol. Secondary end points included cranial nerve injury; 30-day stroke, death, stroke/death, and MI; acute device, technical, and procedural success; and access site complications. All major adverse events were adjudicated by an independent clinical events committee. Results: Between November 2012 and July 2014, 208 patients were enrolled at 18 sites. Sixty-seven patients were enrolled as lead-in cases, and 141 were enrolled in the pivotal phase. In the pivotal cohort, 26% were symptomatic and 75% were asymptomatic. Acute device and technical success were 99% (140 of 141). By hierarchical analysis, the all-stroke rate in the pivotal group was 1.4% (2 of 141), stroke and death was 2.8% (4 of 141), and stroke, death and MI was 3.5% (5 of 141). One patient (0.7%) experienced postoperative hoarseness from potential Xth cranial nerve injury, which completely resolved at the 6-month follow-up visit. Conclusions: The results of the ROADSTER trial demonstrate that the use of the ENROUTE Transcarotid NPS is safe and effective at preventing stroke during CAS. The overall stroke rate of 1.4% is the lowest reported to date for any prospective, multicenter clinical trial of CAS.
Atrial Fibrillation and Paroxysmal Atrial Fibrillation Detection in Patients with Acute Ischemic Stroke; Background: Studies about continuous electrocardiographic (ECG) monitoring in detection of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation (PAF) in Asian patients with acute ischemic stroke are very limited. We looked for the prevalence and associated factors of atrial fibrillation (AF) and PAF in Thai patients with acute ischemic stroke. Methods: In all, 204 patients with acute ischemic stroke were prospectively included. Snapshot 12-lead ECG and continuous ECG monitoring for at least the first 24 hours were performed. Multivariate analyses were performed to find out the associated factors of AF and PAF. Results: AF was diagnosed in 31 patients (15%) and PAF in 15 patients (7%). Twelve and 3 patients with PAF were diagnosed by continuous ECG monitoring and snapshot 12- lead ECG, respectively. Mean duration of continuous ECG monitoring and mean time to detect PAF were 55 and 23 hours, respectively. Multivariate analysis revealed that age of 70 years or older (odds ratio [OR] 3.52, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.68-7.35, P = .001) and heart diseases (OR 4.26, 95% CI 1.14-15.95, P = .031) were associated with AF and PAF. Conclusions: AF/PAF was one of the common causes of ischemic stroke in Thai patients. Most PAF was detected by continuous ECG monitoring. Snapshot 12-lead ECG and continuous ECG monitoring should be recommended in all patients with acute ischemic stroke.
Screening Entire Health System ECG Databases to Identify Patients at Increased Risk of Death; Background Current methods to identify patients at higher risk for sudden cardiac death, primarily left ventricular ejection fraction 35%, miss approximate to 80% of patients who die suddenly. We tested the hypothesis that patients with elevated QRS-scores (index of myocardial scar) and wide QRS-T angles (index abnormal depolarization-repolarization relationship) have high 1-year all-cause mortality and could be further risk stratified with clinical characteristics. Methods and Results We screened all 12-lead ECGs over 6 months at 2 large hospital systems and analyzed clinical characteristics and 1-year mortality. Patients with ECGs obtained in hospital areas with known high mortality rates were excluded. At the first hospital, QRS-score 5 and QRS-T angle 105 degrees identified 8.0% of patients and was associated with an odds ratio of 2.79 (95% confidence interval, 2.10-3.69) for 1-year mortality compared with patients below both ECG thresholds (13.9% versus 5.5% death rate). Left ventricular ejection fraction was >35% in 82% of the former group of patients, and addition of ECG measures to left ventricular ejection fraction increased the discrimination of death risk (P<0.0001). At the second hospital, the odds ratio was 2.42 (1.95-3.01) for 1-year mortality (8.8% versus 3.8%). Adjustment for patient characteristics eliminated interhospital differences. Multivariable adjusted odds ratio combining data from both hospitals was 1.53 (1.28-1.83). Increasing heart rate and chronic renal impairment further predicted mortality. Conclusions Screening hospital ECG databases with QRS-scoring and QRS-T angle analysis identifies patients with high 1-year all-cause mortality and predominantly preserved left ventricular ejection fraction. This approach may represent a widely available method to identify patients at increased risk of death.
Sequence of Electrocardiographic and Acoustic Cardiographic Changes and Angina during Coronary Occlusion and Reperfusion in Patients Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; Background: Previous studies have suggested that ventricular function may be impaired without or prior to electrocardiographic changes or angina during ischemia. Understanding of temporal sequence of electrical and functional ischemic events may improve the detection of myocardial ischemia. Methods: A prospective study was performed in 21 subjects undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) who had both ST amplitude changes > 2 standard deviations above baseline on 12-lead electrocardiography (ECG), and new or increased third or fourth heart sound (S3 or S4) intensity measured by computerized acoustic cardiography. The sequence of the onset and resolution of these signs of ischemia were examined following coronary balloon inflation and deflation. Results: Electrocardiographic ST amplitude and diastolic heart sound changes occurred contemporaneously, shortly after coronary occlusion (mean onset from balloon inflation; ST changes, 21 +/- 17 seconds; S4, 25 +/- 26 seconds; S3, 45 +/- 43 seconds). In 40% of patients, a new or increased S3 or S4 developed earlier than ST changes. Anginal symptoms occurred in only 2 of the 21 subjects during ischemia with a mean onset time of 68 seconds. ST-segment changes resolved earliest (33 seconds after balloon deflation) while diastolic heart sounds (89 +/- 146 seconds) and angina (586 +/- 653 seconds) resolved later. Conclusion: A new or intensified S3 and/or S4 occurred contemporaneously with electrocardiographic changes during ischemia. These diastolic heart sounds persisted longer than ST changes following coronary reperfusion. Acoustic cardiographic assessment of diastolic heart sounds may aid in the early detection of myocardial ischemia, particularly in those patients with an uninterpretable ECG. Ann Noninvasive Electrocardiol 2009;14(2):137-146.
Risk of death from cardiovascular disease associated with low-level arsenic exposure among long-term smokers in a US population-based study; High levels of arsenic exposure have been associated with increases in cardiovascular disease risk. However, studies of arsenic's effects at lower exposure levels are limited and few prospective studies exist in the United States using long-term arsenic exposure biomarkers. We conducted a prospective analysis of the association between toenail arsenic and cardiovascular disease mortality using longitudinal data collected on 3939 participants in the New Hampshire Skin Cancer Study. Using Cox proportional hazard models adjusted for potential confounders, we estimated hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals associated with the risk of death from any cardiovascular disease, ischemic heart disease, and stroke, in relation to natural-log transformed toenail arsenic concentrations. In this US population, although we observed no overall association, arsenic exposure measured from toenail clipping samples was related to an increased risk of ischemic heart disease mortality among long-term smokers (as reported at baseline), with increased hazard ratios among individuals with >= 31 total smoking years (HR: 1.52, 95% CI: 1.02, 2.27), >= 30 pack-years (HR: 1.66, 95% CI: 1.12, 2.45), and among current smokers (HR: 1.69, 95% CI: 1.04, 2.75). These results are consistent with evidence from more highly exposed populations suggesting a synergistic relationship between arsenic exposure and smoking on health outcomes and support a role for lower-level arsenic exposure in ischemic heart disease mortality. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Prevalence of hypertension and its associated factors in contaminated areas of the Santos-Sao Vicente Estuarine region and Bertioga, Brazil: 2006-2009; In Brazil, cardiovascular diseases account for 33% of deaths and the prevalence of hypertension is of approximately 22%. The Santos and So Vicente Estuarine System is the most important example of environmental degradation by chemicals from industrial sources. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the prevalence of hypertension and its associated factors in the population of this estuary in the period 2006-2009. A cross-sectional study was conducted to assess the aforementioned prevalence of hypertension in the evaluated areas, as well as risk factors for this disease in four contaminated areas located in the Estuary, and one area outside Estuary, the city of Bertioga. Associations between categorical variables were tested using Pearson's chi-square test incorporating Yates' correction, or Fisher's exact test. Single and multiple logistic regression models were applied to evaluate the risk factors for hypertension. The highest prevalence of hypertension was found in Continental So Vicente (28.4%). The risk factors for hypertension were the following: living in Center of Cubato (OR: 1.3; IC95%: 1.0 - 1.6) and Continental So Vicente (OR: 1.4; IC95%: 1.1 - 1.8); illiterate (OR: 1.9; IC95%: 1.1 - 3.2); living in the area for more than 20 years (OR: 1.2; IC95%: 1.0 - 1.5); group of people aged 36-60 years (OR: 3.9; IC95%: 3.3 - 4.6) and who have had past occupational exposure (OR: 1.3; IC95%: 1.1 - 1.6). Results indicate that living in contaminated areas, especially for a longer time, is a risk factor for hypertension.
Prospective evaluation of where reperfusion ventricular arrhythmia "bursts" fit into optimal reperfusion in STEMI; Background: Early reperfusion of ischemic myocytes is essential for optimal salvage in acute myocardial infarction. VA (ventricular arrhythmia) bursts after recanalization of the culprit vessel have been found to be related to larger infarct size (IS), using SPECT. Objective: The hypothesiswas tested that this finding could be confirmed in an independent cohort using amore accurate technique, i.e. delayed-enhancement cardiovascular magnetic resonance imaging (DE-CMR). Methods: All 196 patients from the PREPARE and MAST studies who had 24-hour, continuous, 12-lead Holter, started before primary percutaneous coronary intervention resulting in brisk TIMI (thrombolysis in myocardial infarction) 3 flow and stable ST-recovery were included. VA bursts were identified against subject-specific background VA rates using a previously published statistical outlier method. IS was assessed using DE-CMR. Angiography, Holter and DE-CMR results were assessed in core laboratories, blinded to all other data. Results: VA bursts were present in 154/ 196 (79%) of patients. Baseline characteristics between the groups with and without bursts were similar. VA burst was associated with significantly larger infarct size in the population as a whole (median 11.3% vs 5.3%; p = 0.001) and also when divided in non-anterior (median 9.9% vs 4.9%; p = 0.003) and anterior myocardial infarction (median 21.4% vs 12.0%; p = 0.48), the latter not reaching statistical significance due to the small subset of patients. Conclusion: Beyond the classical markers of "optimal" reperfusion such as TIMI 3 flow and stable ST-segment recovery, VA bursts occurring during the reperfusion phase are an early electrobiomarker of larger IS. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
THE QUESTIONABLE ROLES OF THE DIET AND SERUM-CHOLESTEROL IN THE INCIDENCE OF ISCHEMIC-HEART-DISEASE AND ITS 20TH-CENTURY CHANGES; This review is concerned with reexamining actual findings from many studies that are relevant to the relationships between risk factors and the progression of coronary artery disease and incidence of ischemic heart disease (IHD), and particularly to ascertain whether dietary and lipid variables account for 20th century changes in IHD incidence. Various published commentaries on the studies are included. The classical risk factors are statistically related to IHD, but in widely different historical, geographical, and socioeconomic relationships thay do not support a major diet-lipid causality. Even when considered together, the risk factors account for less than half of the IHD incidence in prospective studies, and have a limited overall capability for IHD prediction. Moreover, they are poorly related to the rate of CAD progression, and lack individual specificity of risk. Many cited findings support a belief that the risk factor concept is not well suited for community prevention of IHD, among other things, because it is based on cohorts that do not represent the general population, and on the assumption that their avoidance would necessarily prevent IHD. The serum cholesterol (SC) level is not found to be strongly related to the diet or primarily regulated by it, and many findings discordant with widespread beliefs about a causal role of the diet and SC in IHD are cited. These data lead to a conclusion that neither diet, serum lipids, or their changes can explain wide national and regional differences of IHD rates, or the variable 20th century rises and declines of IHD mortality. This conclusion is supported by the results of many clinical trials which fail to provide adequate evidence that lowering SC, particularly by dietary changes, is associated with a significant reduction of IHD mortality or improved longevity. It is variously stated that the preventive effects of dietary and drug treatments have been exaggerated by a tendency in trial reports, reviews, and other papers to cite and inflate supportive results, while suppressing discordant data, and many such examples are cited. This review does not find sufficient data to recommend mass population changes of the diet to prevent IHD, and supports a belief that it may be evangelical to believe that a lower SC is better for everybody, rather than using an individualized approach in appropriate subjects.
Association of low plasma concentrations of antioxidant vitamins, magnesium and zinc with high body fat per cent measured by bioelectrical impedance analysis in Indian men; This cross-sectional study was conducted to determine the association of high body fat per cent measured by bioelectric impedance analysis with known risk factors of obesity as well as with serum levels of vitamins, trace elements and magnesium and oxidative stress in an urban population in India. There were 850 men aged 25-64 years, randomly selected from the city of Moradabad. Subjects were divided into high body fat per cent (n = 357), over fat per cent (n = 230), desirable fat (n = 200) and low fat (n = 63) based on criteria of body fat per cent analysis. The prevalence of central obesity, sedentary lifestyle, family history and higher visible fat intake showed significant association with higher over fat per cent. Postprandial plasma insulin and glucose and serum iron and oxidative stress were significantly higher and plasma levels of vitamin C and E and serum zinc/insulin ratio as well as serum magnesium/insulin ratio showed inverse association with high body fat per cent. Multivariate logistic regression analysis after adjustment of age showed a significant positive association of body mass index (odds ratio 0.97), sedentary lifestyle (odds ratio 1.12) and serum iron (OR 1.00) with higher body fat per cent. Zinc (OR 1.03), magnesium (OR 1.02), vitamins C (OR 1.08 and E (OR 1.09) deficiency were risk factors of higher body per cent and central obesity. It is possible that some Indian men can benefit by increased intake of zinc, magnesium, vitamin C and vitamin E in conjunction with lifestyle changes.
Blood methylomics in response to arsenic exposure in a low-exposed US population; Exposure to arsenic (As) has been associated with a number of diseases such as cancers, cardiovascular diseases (CVD), and neurological disorders. To explore the possible underlying epigenetic mechanisms, a nested case-control study was conducted within the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study by randomly selecting 46 non-smoker and non-diabetic White participants with low (N=23) and high (N=23) As exposure based on toenail total As measures at examination year 2. We conducted methylomic profiling of white blood cell (WBC) DNA collected at examination year 15 using the Illumina HumanMethylation450 BeadChip, and performed association tests using multiple linear regression models adjusting for age, sex, and estimated WBC proportions. We observed 22 CpG sites with methylation levels associated with high As exposure at a nominal significance level of 10(-4). However, the statistical significance disappeared after correction for multiple testing. Some genes annotated by these 22 CpG sites are known to be involved in As-associated diseases. Replication in larger samples of individuals with low levels of As exposure will be required.
The Association between T-Wave Morphology and Life-Threatening Ventricular Tachyarrhythmias in Patients with Congestive Heart Failure; Methods: Standard 12-lead ECGs were photoscanned and digitized for analysis in 27 heart failure patients with ventricular tachycardia/ventricular fibrillation (VT/VF; study group), as well as in 54 age- and sex-matched heart failure patients without life-threatening ventricular arrhythmia as a control group. Novel T-wave morphology descriptors were compared. Results: The results showed that the temporal descriptor, the lead dispersion (LD; 426.5 +/- 279.8 vs 189.0 +/- 125.7, P < 0.001), was significantly higher in the study than in the control group. The other T-wave morphology parameters, such as the T-wave morphology dispersion (45.7 +/- 20.1 vs 44.9 +/- 18.6), the total cosine between QRS and T wave (TCRT; -0.4 +/- 0.4 vs -0.5 +/- 0.3), and the normalized T-loop area (NTLA; 0.5 +/- 0.1 vs 0.4 +/- 0.1), were not significantly different between the two groups (all P value > 0.05). After an adjustment for other clinical variables, increased LD (odds ratio: 9.9, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 2.9-33.4, P < 0.001) or decreased NTLA (odds ratio: 0.4, 95% CI: 0.1-1.0, P = 0.05) was associated with VT/VF. Conclusion: The novel T-wave morphology analysis may help in identifying heart failure patients at high risk for VT/VF. (PACE 2009; 32:1173-1177).
Cardiovascular Pharmacogenetics of Anti-Thrombotic Agents and Non-Steroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs; The use of antithrombotic agents, particularly antiplatelet drugs like aspirin and clopidogrel, has been instrumental in decreasing the risk for adverse cardiovascular events across a wide range of patients. However, despite the established benefits, the use of these medications remains suboptimal. There is a high degree of inter-individual variation in response to these treatments, whereby patients experience occlusive thromboembolic events, in spite of maintaining an appropriate treatment regimen. This has lead to the notion of antithrombotic "resistance" or "poor responders", which has been a growing concern amongst clinicians and other healthcare providers. Compounding this matter even further, reports of increased cardiovascular risk associated with the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), such as ibuprofen and naproxen, have revealed additional and unforeseen contributors to myocardial infarction and stroke. With all medications, striking a balance between the potential risks and benefits seems more art than science at times. However, given their widespread use and critical cardiovascular implications, further emphasis has been placed on understanding factors influencing antithrombotic and NSAID therapies. A major aim in cardiovascular pharmacogenetics is the discovery of genetic biomarkers that will allow for prospective screening and individualized prediction of drug efficacy and adverse reactions for these medications (both alone and together) within the context of cardiovascular disease.
Does Sufficient Evidence Exist to Support a Causal Association between Vitamin D Status and Cardiovascular Disease Risk? An Assessment Using Hill's Criteria for Causality; Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) levels have been found to be inversely associated with both prevalent and incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors; dyslipidemia, hypertension and diabetes mellitus. This review looks for evidence of a causal association between low 25(OH)D levels and increased CVD risk. We evaluated journal articles in light of Hill's criteria for causality in a biological system. The results of our assessment are as follows. Strength of association: many randomized controlled trials (RCTs), prospective and cross-sectional studies found statistically significant inverse associations between 25(OH)D levels and CVD risk factors. Consistency of observed association: most studies found statistically significant inverse associations between 25(OH)D levels and CVD risk factors in various populations, locations and circumstances. Temporality of association: many RCTs and prospective studies found statistically significant inverse associations between 25(OH)D levels and CVD risk factors. Biological gradient (dose-response curve): most studies assessing 25(OH)D levels and CVD risk found an inverse association exhibiting a linear biological gradient. Plausibility of biology: several plausible cellular-level causative mechanisms and biological pathways may lead from a low 25(OH)D level to increased risk for CVD with mediators, such as dyslipidemia, hypertension and diabetes mellitus. Experimental evidence: some well-designed RCTs found increased CVD risk factors with decreasing 25(OH)D levels. Analogy: the association between serum 25(OH)D levels and CVD risk is analogous to that between 25(OH)D levels and the risk of overall cancer, periodontal disease, multiple sclerosis and breast cancer. Conclusion: all relevant Hill criteria for a causal association in a biological system are satisfied to indicate a low 25(OH)D level as a CVD risk factor.
Obesity with metabolic abnormality is associated with the presence of carotid atherosclerosis in Korean men: a cross-sectional study; Background: Obesity is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease, but metabolic disturbances can also lead to the development of this disease. Therefore, we investigated the associations between obesity subtype, considering both body weight and metabolic disturbances, and carotid atherosclerosis as a predictor of cardiovascular disease in Korean men. Methods: Data from a total of 980 men were analysed in this study. Obesity subtypes were classified as normal weight without metabolic syndrome (metabolically healthy normal weight; MHNW), obesity without metabolic syndrome (metabolically healthy, but obese; MHO), normal weight with metabolic syndrome (metabolically abnormal, but normal weight; MANW) and obesity with metabolic syndrome (metabolically abnormal obese; MAO). Carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) and carotid plaque were assessed using a high-resolution B-mode ultrasound system. Carotid atherosclerosis was defined as a mean CIMT value >0.9 mm or the presence of carotid plaque. Results: Mean CIMT in the MAO subtype was significantly higher than that in the MHNW control group (0.790 +/- 0.019 vs. 0.747 +/- 0.013 mm; p < 0.001). The presence of carotid plaque was positively associated with MAO subtype [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 1.49, 95 % confidence interval (CI) 1.02-2.16; p = 0.039], but not with MHO or MANW, compared to the MHNW control group. The MAO subtype showed a positive association with the presence of carotid atherosclerosis (aOR 1.68, 95 % CI 1.17-2.42; p = 0.006). Conclusions: Only the MAO subtype showed a higher CIMT value and positive associations with carotid plaque and carotid atherosclerosis, but not with MHO and MANW subtypes, compared to the MHNW control. Additional prospective studies are needed to evaluate preclinical carotid atherosclerosis according to the subtypes of obesity.
Zinc, copper, and magnesium and risks for all-cause, cancer, and cardiovascular mortality; Background: Experimental data suggest that zinc, copper, and magnesium are involved in carcinogenesis and atherogenesis. Few longitudinal studies have related these minerals to cancer or cardiovascular disease mortality in a population. Methods: Data from the Paris Prospective Study 2, a cohort of 4035 men age 30-60 years at baseline, were used to assess the association between serum zinc, copper, and magnesium and all-cause, cancer, and cardiovascular disease mortality. Serum mineral values measured at baseline were divided into quartiles and classified into low (1st quartile, referent group), medium (2nd-3rd quartiles), and high (4th quartile) values. During 18-year follow up, 339 deaths occurred, 176 as a result of cancer and 56 of cardiovascular origin. Relative risks (RRs) for each element were inferred using Cox's proportional hazard model after controlling for various potential confounders. Results: High copper values (4th quartile) were associated with a 50% increase in RRs for all-cause deaths (RR = 1.5; 95% confidence interval = 1.1-2.1), a 40% increase for cancer mortality (1.4; 0.9-2.2), and a 30% increase for cardiovascular mortality (1.3; 0.6-2.8) compared with low values (1st quartile). High magnesium values were negatively related to mortality with a 40% decrease in RR for all-cause (0.6; 0.4-0.8) and cardiovascular deaths (0.6; 0.2-1.2) and by 50% for cancer deaths (0.5; 0.3-0.8). Additionally, subjects with a combination of low zinc and high copper values had synergistically increased all-cause (2.6; 1.4-5.0) and cancer (2.7; 1.0-7.3) mortality risks. Similarly, combined low zinc and high magnesium values were associated with decreased all-cause (0.2; 0.1-0.5) and cancer (0.2; 0.1-0.8) mortality risks. Conclusions: High serum copper, low serum magnesium, and concomitance of low serum zinc with high serum copper or low serum magnesium contribute to an increased mortality risk in middle-aged men.
Nonischemic chest pain induced by coronary interventions - A prospective study comparing coronary angioplasty and stent implantation; Background-Chest pain frequently occurs without any signs of ischemia within the first 24 hours after coronary interventions. To test the hypothesis that this pain may be due to local vessel injury ("stretch pain"), we performed a prospective study enrolling patients after PTCA, stent implantation, or diagnostic coronary angiography alone. Methods and Results-A total of 145 patients after coronary angiography were evaluated by a validated questionnaire for quantifying postinterventional chest pain within 24 hours. To detect myocardial ischemia, all patients were evaluated with a 12-lead ECG and cardiac isoenzymes immediately after the procedure and the morning after. After stent implantation, 21 of the 51 patients (41.2%) developed chest pain, compared with 4 of the 33 patients (12.1%) undergoing PTCA and 6 of the 61 patients (9.8%) with a diagnostic angiography (P<0.001). Of these 31 patients who developed chest pain, only 3 (9.7%) felt that the pain was similar to previously experienced angina pectoris. The minimal lumen diameter after intervention was significantly larger in the stent group than in he PTCA group (3.14+/-0.75 versus 1.95+/-0.67 mm; P<0.001). No patient had changes in the ECG compared with before intervention, but 3 patients after stent implantation bad a rise in cardiac isoenzymes. No other major adverse cardiac events occurred until discharge. Conclusions-Nonischemic chest pain develops in almost half of all patients undergoing stent implantation and seems to be related to vessel overexpansion caused by the stent in the diseased Vessel segment.
Beneficial effect of high dose statins on the vascular wall in patients with repaired aortic coarctation?; Background: Carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) is a marker for atherosclerosis. Adult post-coarctectomy patients (CoA) demonstrate an increased cardiovascular risk and increased CIMT compared to controls. This study evaluates the effect of high dose statins on the change in CIMT and cardiovascular risk. Methods: We designed a multicenter, prospective, randomized, open label trial with blinded endpoint (PROBE design) to evaluate the effect of three year treatment with atorvastatin 80 mg on CIMT and cardiovascular risk. Primary endpoint was CIMT measured by B mode ultrasonography. Secondary endpoints were mortality and morbidity due to cardiovascular disease and serum lipids. Results: 155 patients (36.3 +/- 11.8 years, 96 (62%) male) were randomized (atorvastatin = 80, no treatment = 75). There was no significant effect of atorvastatin on the change in CIMT (treatment effect -0.005, 95% CI, -0.039-0.029; P = 0.76). A significant effect on serum cholesterol and LDL levels was found (-0.71, 95% CI, - 1.16 to - 0.26; P = 0.002 vs - 0.66, 95% CI - 1.06 to - 0.26; P = 0.001). There was no difference in secondary outcome measures. Baseline CIMT was higher in hypertensive compared to normotensive CoA. (0.69 +/- 0.16 mm vs 0.61 +/- 0.98 mm; P = 0.002). Hypertension (beta = 0.043, P = 0.031) was the strongest determinant CIMT. Conclusion: Three year treatment with atorvastatin does not lead to a reduction of CIMT and secondary outcome measures, despite a decrease in total cholesterol and LDL levels. Hypertensive CoA demonstrate the highest CIMT and the largest CIMT progression. Blood pressure control should be the main focus in CoA to decrease cardiovascular risk. (C) 2014 Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Panic disorder in emergency department chest pain patients: Prevalence, comorbidity, suicidal ideation, and physician recognition; PURPOSE: To establish the prevalence of panic disorder in emergency department (ED) chest pain patients; compare psychological distress and recent suicidal ideation in panic and nonpanic disorder patients; assess psychiatric and cardiac comorbidity; and examine physician recognition of this disorder. DESIGN: Cross-sectional survey (for psychiatric data). Prospective evaluation of patient discharge diagnoses and physician recognition of panic disorder. SETTING: The ambulatory ED of a major teaching hospital specializing in cardiac care located in Montreal, Canada. SUBJECTS: Four hundred and forty-one consenting, consecutive patients consulting the ED with a chief complaint of chest pain. PRIMARY OUTCOME MEASURE: Psychiatric diagnoses (AXIS I). Psychological and pain test scores, discharge diagnoses, and cardiac history. RESULTS: Approximately 25% (108/441) of chest pain patients met DSM-III-R criteria for panic disorder. Panic disorder patients displayed significantly higher panic-agoraphobia, anxiety, depression, and pain scores than non-panic disorder patients (P <0.01). Twenty-five percent of panic disorder patients had thoughts of killing themselves in the week preceding their ED visit compared with 5% of the patients without this disorder (P = 0.0001) even when controlling for co-existing major depression. Fifty-seven percent (62/108) panic disorder patients also met criteria for one or more current AXIS I disorder. Although 44% (47/108) of the panic disorder patients had a prior documented history of coronary artery disease (CAD), 80% had atypical or nonanginal chest pain and 75% were discharged with a ''noncardiac pain'' diagnosis. Ninety-eight percent of the panic patients were not recognized by attending ED cardiologists. CONCLUSIONS: Panic disorder is a significantly distressful condition highly prevalent in ED chest pain patients that is rarely recognized by physicians. Nonrecognition may lead to mismanagement of a significant group of distressed patients with or without coronary artery disease.
Risk stratification in ST-elevation myocardial infarction is enhanced by combining baseline ST deviation and subsequent ST-segment resolution; Background: The baseline sum of ST deviation (Sigma STD) and ST segment resolution after fibrinolysis for ST-elevation myocardial infarction are prognostically useful. Objectives: To examine the prognostic impact of ST resolution after fibrinolysis and influence of baseline ST deviation in ASSENT-3. Methods: ST resolution was determined in 4565 patients at 180 minutes after fibrinolysis. 30-Day and 1-year mortality was assessed in patients with complete (ie, >= 50%) versus incomplete ST resolution according to absolute baseline Sigma STD. Results: Patients with complete ST resolution had lower 30-day and 1-year mortality than those with incomplete ST resolution (3.7% vs 7.3%, p < 0.001, and 6.1% vs 10.0%, p < 0.001, respectively). After multivariable adjustment for key baseline risk factors, patients with anterior myocardial infarction (MI) in the highest quartile of SSTD had a greater risk of 30-day and 1-year mortality than those in the lowest quartile in both complete (odds ratio (OR) = 2.34, 95% CI 1.14 to 4.80, and OR = 2.34, 95% CI 1.26 to 4.34, respectively) and incomplete ST resolution groups (OR = 4.97, 95% CI 1.82 to 13.61, and OR = 3.61, 95% CI 1.55 to 8.4, respectively). However, in patients with inferior MI this pattern only existed when ST resolution was incomplete (OR = 4.88, 95% CI 1.65 to 14.39, and OR = 4.34, 95% CI 1.66 to 11.37, respectively). Conclusion: These findings indicate that percentage ST resolution alone is an incomplete guide to 30-day and 1-year mortality. The integration of both the baseline and post-fibrinolysis ECG provides better risk assessment and can assist in the triage and treatment of such patients.
Disability Trajectories Before and After Stroke and Myocardial Infarction The Cardiovascular Health Study; IMPORTANCE Ischemic strokes may accelerate long-term functional decline apart from their acute effects on neurologic function.& para;& para;OBJECTIVE To test whether the increase in long-term disability is steeper after than before the event for ischemic stroke but not myocardial infarction (Ml).& para;& para;DESIGN, SETTINGS, AND PARTICIPANTS In the population-based, prospective cohort Cardiovascular Health Study (1989-2013), longitudinal follow-up was conducted for a mean (SD) of 13 (6.2) years. Follow-up data were used until September 1, 2013; data analysis was performed from August 1,2013, to June 1,2016. Models based on generalized estimating equations adjusted for baseline covariates and included a test for different slopes of disability before and after the event, Participants included 5888 Medicare-eligible individuals 65 years or older who were not institutionalized, expected to reside in the area for 3 or more years, and able to provide informed consent. Exclusions were needing a wheelchair, receiving hospice care, and undergoing radiotherapy or chemotherapy.& para;& para;EXPOSURES Ischemic stroke and Ml.& para;& para;MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Annual assessments with a disability scale (measuring activities of daily living [ADLs] and instrumental ADLs). The number of ADLs and instrumental ADLs (range, 0-12) that the participant could not perform was analyzed continuously.& para;& para;RESULTS The mean (SD) age of the entire cohort (n = 5888) was 72,8 (5,6) years; 2495 (42,4%) were male. During follow-up, 382 (6.5%) participants had ischemic stroke and 395 (6.7%) had Ml with 1 or more disability assessment after the event. There was a mean of 3.7 (2.4) visits before stroke and 3.7 (2.3) visits after stroke; there was a mean of 3.8 (2.5) visits before Ml and 3.8 (2.4) visits after Ml, The increase in disability near the time of the event was greater for stroke (0.88 points on the disability scale; 95% Cl, 0.57 to 1.20; P< .001) than Ml (0.20 points on the disability scale; 95% Cl, 0.06 to 0.35; P = .006), The annual increase in disability before stroke (0.06 points per year; 95% Cl, 0.002 to 0.12; P = .04) more than tripled after stroke (0.15 additional points per year; 95% Cl, 0.004 to 0.30; P = .04). The annual increase in disability before Ml (0.04 points per year; 95% Cl, 0.004 to 0.08; P = .03) did not change significantly after Ml (0.02 additional points per year; 95% CI, -0.07 to 0.11; P = .69).& para;& para;CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE In this large, population-based study, a trajectory of increasing disability became significantly steeper after stroke but not after Ml. Thus, in addition to the acute brain injury and consequent impairment, ischemic stroke may also be associated with potentially treatable long-term adverse effects on the brain that lead to accelerated functional decline.
Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring in acute stroke: pathophysiology of the time rate of blood pressure variation and association with the 1-year outcome; Objectives Time rate of blood pressure (BP) variation is a measure of the speed of BP fluctuations derived from a computerized analysis of ambulatory BP monitoring. The aim of this study was to identify pathophysiological differences in the time rate of BP variation between stroke subtypes, on the basis of the Trial of Org 10172 in Acute Stroke Treatment criteria, in the acute phase and to examine the impact of time rate of BP variation on outcome at 1 year after stroke. Patients and methods A consecutive series of 109 first-ever stroke patients, who fulfilled our inclusion criteria, underwent 24 h ambulatory BP monitoring within 24 h after the onset of stroke. On the basis of the patients' Modified Rankin Scale score at 1 year after stroke, the study population was divided into two groups: patients with a positive (n=73) and those with a negative outcome (n=36). Results The 24-h rate of systolic BP variation is higher in patients with large artery atherosclerosis [0.692 mmHg/min; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.627-0.757] compared with those with lacunar strokes (0.609 mmHg/min; 95% CI 0.579-0.640) or strokes of unknown etiology (0.586 mmHg/min; 95% CI 0.522-0.649). Moreover, patients with higher 24-h rates of systolic BP variation were more likely to have a negative outcome at 1 year (odds ratio 1.96; 95% CI 1.16-3.32). Moreover, each 0.1 mmHg/min increase in the 24-h rate of SBP variation was associated with a 1.96-fold increase in the odds of a negative outcome (95% CI 1.16-3.32). Conclusion Time rate of BP variation shows significant differences between stroke subtypes in the acute phase of the event, and it is associated with outcome at 1 year. Lowering the time rate of BP variation, in the acute phase, might lead to better outcomes in patients who have had a cerebrovascular incident. Blood Press Monit 18: 94-100 (C) 2013 Wolters Kluwer Health vertical bar Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. Blood Pressure Monitoring 2013, 18: 94-100
Impact of Chronic Total Occlusions on Markers of Reperfusion, Infarct Size, and Long-Term Mortality: A Substudy from the TAPAS-Trial; Objectives: This study evaluated the impact of a chronic total occlusion (CTO) in a non-infarct related coronary artery (IRA) on markers of reperfusion, infarct size, and long-term cardiac mortality in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEM!). Background: A concurrent CTO in STEMI patients has been associated with impaired left ventricular function and outcome. However, the impact on markers of reperfusion is unknown. Methods: All 1,071 STEMI patients included in the TAPAS-trial between January 2005 and December 2006 were used for this substudy. Endpoints were the association between a CTO in a non-IRA and myocardial blush grade (MBG) of the IRA, ST-segment elevation resolution (STR), enzymatic infarct size, and clinical outcome. Results: A total of 90 patients (8.4%) had a CTO. MBG 0 or 1 occurred more often in the CTO group (34.2% versus 20.6% (Odds Ratio [OR] 2.00, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.22-3.23, P = 0.006)). Incomplete STR occurred more often in the CTO group, (63.6% versus 48.2% [OR 1.96, 95% CI: 1.22-3.13, P = 0.005]). Median level of maximal myocardial-band of creatinin kinase (CK-MB) in the CTO group was 75 mu g/l (IQR 28-136) and 51 mu g/l (IQR 18-97) in the no-CTO group (P = 0.021). The presence of a CTO in a non-IRA in STEMI patients was an independent risk factor for cardiac mortality (HR 2.41, 95% CI: 1.26-4.61, P = 0.008) at 25 months follow-up. Conclusion: A CTO in a non-IRA is associated with impaired reperfusion markers and impaired long-term outcome in STEMI patients. (C) 2010 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Prognostic Significance of Cardiac Troponin I Levels in Hospitalized Patients Presenting With Supraventricular Tachycardia; Although cardiac troponin I (cTnI) elevation in patients presenting to the hospital with supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) is well recognized, the prevalence, predictors, and prognostic significance of cTnI elevation associated with SVT presentation are not known. We screened records of all patients presenting to 2 hospitals over a 4-year period with the diagnosis of SVT confirmed by 12-lead electrocardiogram, and who had at least 1 measured cTnI level and at least 1 year of follow-up after discharge. The primary endpoint was the occurrence of 1 of the following outcomes: death, myocardial infarction, or cardiovascular rehospitalization. Seventy-eight patients met the study criteria (54% female; mean age, 62.2 +/- 15.8 yr), and 29 patients (37.2%) had an elevated cTnI level of >= 0.06 ng/mL (range, 0.06-7.78 ng/mL). Univariate predictors of elevated cTnI included left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) <50%, renal dysfunction, ST-segment depression or left bundle branch block on the electrocardiogram, and moderate or severe regurgitation of any cardiac valve. Predictors of elevated cTnI after multivariate analysis included peak heart rate during SVT (per 15 bpm) (odds ratio [OR], 1.58; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.01-2.46; p = 0.04) and LVEF <50% (OR, 6.12; 95% CI, 1.40-26.7; p = 0.02). After multivariable adjustment, the presence of elevated cTnI with SVT was associated with increased risk of the primary endpoint of death, myocardial infarction, or cardiovascular rehospitalization (hazard ratio [HR], 3.67; 95% CI, 1.22-11.1; p = 0.02). Mild elevation of cTnI is common in patients presenting to the hospital with SVT, and is associated with increased risk of future cardiovascular events. Further study is needed to determine the mechanisms of SVT-related cTnI elevation and its association with elevated cardiovascular risk.
Identification and management of patients with failed thrombolysis after acute myocardial infarction; Clinical outcome after thrombolytic therapy for acute myocardial infarction is closely related to restoration of flow in the infarct-related artery. Because thrombolytic therapy does not achieve coronary artery patency in 15% to 50% of patients, the early identification and treatment of patients with failed thrombolysis may lead to improved clinical outcomes. Unfortunately, the noninvasive identification of patients with failed thrombolysis continues to be problematic. Reduction in chest pain, decrease in ST-segment elevation, and presence of arrhythmias, although suggestive of reperfusion, are not diagnostic. Biochemical markers may hold promise for improved early identification of failed thrombolysis. In the setting of failed thrombolysis, clinical outcome may be improved by "rescue" percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA) of the infarct-related artery. Several studies suggest that successful rescue PTCA is associated with high technical success rates and improved clinical outcomes. However, these same studies also suggest that patients with failed rescue PTCA may have higher mortality rates than patients who are treated conservatively. On the basis of current data, if failed thrombolysis is suspected, rescue PTCA should be considered, particularly in patients with anterior myocardial infarction and early presentation. Further investigations are needed to study the role of adjunctive methods such as stenting, glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibition, and intraaortic balloon counterpulsation in the setting of rescue PTCA. Because of the relative lack of prospective data in this area, additional studies are urgently needed to help improve the ability to identify and manage patients with failed thrombolysis after acute myocardial infarction.
Early Repolarization Is an Independent Predictor of Occurrences of Ventricular Fibrillation in the Very Early Phase of Acute Myocardial Infarction; Background-Recent evidence has linked early repolarization (ER) to idiopathic ventricular fibrillation (VF) in patients without structural heart disease. However, no studies have clarified whether or not there is an association between ER and the VF occurrences after the onset of an acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Methods and Results-This study retrospectively included 220 consecutive patients with an AMI (57 female; mean age, 69 +/- 11 years) in whom the 12-lead ECGs before the AMI onset could be evaluated. The patients were classified on the basis of a VF occurrence within 48 hours after the AMI onset. Early repolarization was defined as an elevation of the QRS-ST junction of >0.1 mV from baseline in at least 2 inferior or lateral leads, manifested as QRS slurring or notching. Twenty-one (10%) patients had a VF occurrence within 48 hours of the AMI onset. A multivariate analysis revealed that ER (odds ratio [OR], 7.31; 95% confidence interval [CI], 2.21-24.14; P<0.01), a time from the onset to admission of <180 minutes (OR, 3.77; 95% CI, 1.13-12.59; P<0.05), and a Killip class greater than I (OR, 13.60; 95% CI, 3.43-53.99; P<0.001) were independent predictors of VF occurrences. As features of the ER pattern, a J-point elevation in the inferior leads, greater magnitude of the J-point elevation, notched morphology of the ER, and ER with a horizontal/descending ST segment, all were significantly associated with a VF occurrence. Conclusions-The presence of ER increased the risk of VF occurrences within 48 hours after the AMI onset. Clinical Trial Registration Information-http://www.umin.ac.jp; Identifier: UMIN000005533. (Circ Arrhythm Electrophysiol.2012;5:506-513.)
Fixed <i>vs</i> random effects meta-analysis in rare event studies:: The Rosiglitazone link with myocardial infarction and cardiac death; Meta-analyses can be powerful tools to combine the results of randomized clinical trials and observational studies to make consensus inferences about a medical issue. It will be demonstrated that a common practice of testing for homogeneity of effect size, and acting upon the inference to decide between fixed vs random effects, can lead to potentially misleading results. A by-product of this paper is a new ratio estimator approach to random effects meta-analysis of a large set of studies with low event rates. As a case study, we shall use the recent Rosiglitazone example, where diagnostic testing failed to reject homogeneity, leading the investigators to use fixed effects. The results for the fixed and random effects analyses are discordant. In the fixed (random) effects analysis, the p-values for myocardial infarction were 0.03 (0.11) while those for cardiac death were 0.06 (0.0017). Had the fixed effects analysis controlled the study error for multiple testing via a Bonferonni correction, the joint 95+ per cent confidence rectangle for the two outcomes would have included odds ratios of (1.0, 1.0). For the Rosiglitazone example, random effects analysis, where all studies receive the same weight, is the superior choice over fixed effects, where two large studies dominate. Copyright (C) 2007 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Increased Preoperative White Blood Cell Count Predicts Postoperative Atrial Fibrillation After Coronary Artery Bypass Surgery; Objective: To better understand the relationship between humoral and cellular markers of inflammation and postoperative atrial fibrillation (AF). Design: A prospective and descriptive study. Setting: Academic institution. Participants: Sixty adult patients >= 60 years of age presenting for elective coronary artery bypass surgery with cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB). Interventions: None. Measurements and Main Results: With institutional review board approval, serial measurements for high sensitivity C-reactive protein (CRP) and white blood cell count (WBC) were performed before the induction of anesthesia, on arrival in the intensive care unit, and on the mornings of postoperative days 1 and 2. Continuous telemetry and daily 12-lead electrocardiographs were used to confirm new-onset AF. AF occurred in 17 of 60 (28%; 95% confidence interval, 17%-41%) patients. A history of preoperative myocardial infarction was more frequent among patients who developed AF (p = 0.049). Patients with or without AF did not differ in CRP values at any of the 4 study time points (p = 0.61 to p = 0.81). Preoperative WBC values were higher for patients who developed AF, and, according to stepwise logistic regression, it was the sole independent predictor of postoperative AF (odds ratio = 6.7; 95% confidence interval, 1.6-29.0; p = 0.01). A 2-fold higher preoperative WBC was associated with a nearly 7-fold higher risk of developing AF, and WBC >7 x 10(9)/L was associated with a nearly 4-fold higher risk of AF (odds ratio = 3.8, p = 0.03). Conclusion: In this cohort of patients undergoing CABG surgery, preoperative leukocytosis was a significant predictor of AF independent of CRP. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved
FEATURES OF THE ANGIOGRAPHIC EVALUATION OF THE INTACT STUDY; INTACT (International Nifedipine Trial on Anti-atherosclerotic Therapy) is a prospective, placebo-controlled, randomized, double-blind, multicenter trial analyzing the influence of 80 mg nifedipine/day on the angiographic progression of early stage coronary atherosclerosis.  Coronary angiograms were taken in identical projections before and after a treatment period of 3 years.  Quantitative analysis of the angiograms was performed with the computer-assisted contour detection system CAAS.  For definition purposes, the coronary artery system was subdivided into 25 different segments, including all anatomic variants.  Measurement parameters of segments were mean and minimal diameter, and of stenoses minimal diameter, percentage diameter reduction (at least 20%), length, and plaque area.  The variable extent of the changes of these parameters in the different projections analyzed per patient in the two study angiograms was considered by separate computation of the maximal, mean, and minimal changes over these projections; the comparison of the parameter changes between the two treatment groups was performed separately according to these three modes. For all parameters, this comparison was performed on the basis of the individual 25 segments, as well as after aggregation of individual segments to arteries (RCA, LAD, and LCX), to groups of large and small segments, and to the entire coronary artery system. Assessment of changes of the coronary (patho) morphology by quantitative analysis of coronary angiograms is associated with a number of methodical limitations, which may lead to a certain variability of the results.  However, due to the double-blind feature of INTACT, this variability should be comparable in the two groups of this study, allowing for a conclusive comparison.
Comparison of cardiac troponin I versus T and creatine kinase MB after coronary artery bypass grafting in patients with and without perioperative myocardial infarction; Background and Purpose: Cardiac troponins have shown to be specific markers of myocardial injury. The aim of this prospective study was to compare patterns and kinetics of troponin I and T after coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) with or without perioperative myocardial infarction (PMI). Patients and Methods: 119 patients (male/female: 96/23, age 64 +/- 10 years) underwent first time elective CABG. Preoperative mean ejection fraction was 55.8% +/- 15.6%. The mean number of grafts was 3.1 +/- 1.1/patient, in 85.7% the internal mammary artery was used. Cardiac troponin I (cTnl) and T (cTnT) levels, total serum activities of creatine kinase (CK) and creatine kinase isoenzyme MB (CK-MB) were measured before operation, at arrival on the intensive care unit (ICU), and 6,12, 24, 48, and 120 In after unclamping of the aorta. Twelve lead electrocardiograms (ECGs) were recorded preoperatively and at days 1, 2, and 5. Perioperative data and postoperative cTnI and cTnT levels were correlated statistically. Results:Two patients died due to refractory myocardial failure in the early postoperative period. For further evaluation, patients were divided in two groups according to postoperative ECG changes (group 1: patients without PMI, n = 107; group 11: patients with PMI, n = 10: six of them with Q-wave and four of them with non-Q-wave PMI). Calculated best cutoff values for cTnI and cTnT were 8.35 mug/l and 0.768 mug/l in ROC (receiver-operator characteristic) analysis. Serum concentrations of cTnI, and cTnT were in the normal range preoperatively and increased significantly after surgery in both groups. In both groups, cTnI reached its medium peak level after 24 h (group 1: 2.7 mug/l, 95% confidence interval [Cl]: [2.1,3.21); group II: 70.5 mug/l). CTnT reached its medium peak level in group I without PMI after 48 h (0.298 mug/l, 95% Cl: [0-254,0.3541), in group II with PMI not until 120, h (3-0 mug/l) postoperatively In group II serum level of both troponins remained considerably high at 120 h (cTnI median = 10-75 mug/l, cTnT median = 3 mug/l). Conclusion: Release patterns of cTnI and cTnT after CABG are different: cTnI reaches its postoperative peak value earlier and declines more quickly than cTnT. After uncomplicated CABG, serum levels of both cardiac troponins remain continuously low. Elevated concentrations reflect perioperative myocardial ischemia or infarction. CTnT shows a different release pattern in patients with or without myocardial infarction.
Risk Factors for Discharge to an Acute Care Hospital From Inpatient Rehabilitation Among Stroke Patients; Objective: To identify medical and functional health risk factors for being discharged directly to an acute-care hospital from an inpatient rehabilitation facility among patients who have had a stroke. Design: Retrospective cohort study. Setting: Academic medical center. Participants: A total of 783 patients with a primary diagnosis of stroke seen from 2008 to 2012; 60 were discharged directly to an acute-care hospital and 723 were discharged to other settings, including community and other institutional settings. Methods or Interventions: Logistic regression analysis. Main Outcome Measurements: Direct discharge to an acute care hospital compared with other discharge settings from the inpatient rehabilitation unit. Results: No significant differences in demographic characteristics were found between the 2 groups. The adjusted logistic regression model revealed 2 significant risk factors for being discharged to an acute care hospital: admission motor Functional Independence Measure total score (odds ratio 0.97, 95% confidence interval 0.95-0.99) and enteral feeding at admission (odds ratio 2.87, 95% confidence interval 1.34-6.13). The presence of a Centers for Medicare and Medicaid-tiered comorbidity trended toward significance. Conclusion: Based on this research, we identified specific medical and functional health risk factors in the stroke population that affect the rate of discharge to an acute-care hospital. With active medical and functional management, early identification of these critical components may lead to the prevention of stroke patients from being discharged to an acute-care hospital from the inpatient rehabilitation setting.
Electrocardiogram interpretation skills among ambulance nurses; Background: To describe ambulance nurses' practical electrocardiogram (ECG) interpretation skills and to measure the correlation between these skills and factors that may impact on the level of knowledge. Methods: This study was conducted using a prospective quantitative survey with questionnaires and a knowledge test. A convenience sample collection was conducted among ambulance nurses in three different districts in western Sweden. The knowledge test consisted of nine different ECGs. The score of the ECG test were correlated against the questions in the questionnaire regarding both general ECG interpretation skill and ability to identify acute myocardial infarction using Mann-Whitney U test, Kruskal-Wallis test and Spearman's rank correlation. Results: On average, the respondents had 54% correct answers on the test and identified 46% of the ECGs indicating acute myocardial infarction. The median total score was 9 of 16 (interquartile range 7-11) and 1 of 3 (IQR 1-2) in infarction points. No correlation between ECG interpretation skill and factors such as education and professional experience was found, except that coronary care unit experience was associated with better results on the ECG test. Conclusions: Ambulance nurses have deficiencies in their ECG interpretation skills. This also applies to conditions where the ambulance crew has great potential to improve the outcome of the patient's health, such as myocardial infarction and cardiac arrest. Neither education, extensive experience in ambulance service nor in nursing contributed to an improved result. The only factor of importance for higher ECG interpretation knowledge was prior experience of working in a coronary care unit.
Dietary copper supplementation reduces atherosclerosis in the cholesterol-fed rabbit; There has been considerable debate about how copper status may affect the biochemical and cellular processes associated with atherogenesis. In the present study we have attempted to address this issue directly by investigating the effects of dietary copper supplementation on processes likely to contribute to atherogenesis, using the cholesterol-fed New Zealand White rabbit model. Age matched rabbits (n = 16) were fed a 0.25-1% cholesterol diet to maintain plasma cholesterol concentrations at approximately 30 mmol/l. Eight of these animals also received 0.2% copper acetate. Control animals (n = 8) received rabbit chow without supplements. After 13 weeks on the experimental diets the animals were killed. Integrated cholesterol levels were similar for the cholesterol-fed animals (31.1 +/- 2.5 vs. 29.9 +/- 1.9 mmol/l weeks; P > 0.05). Although integrated plasma copper levels were higher in the animals receiving the copper supplements, these did not differ significantly (19.0 +/- 4.8 vs. 15.1 +/- 2.9 mu mol/l weeks; P > 0.05), Tissue concentrations of copper were higher in the copper fed animals compared to those on cholesterol alone in aortic (4.0 +/- 0.75 vs, 1.8 +/- 0.2 mu g/g wet tissue; P < 0.05), carotid artery (11.4 +/- 3.5 vs. 4.9 +/- 0.9 mu g/g wet tissue; P < 0.05),and hepatic (332.5 +/- 28.6 vs. 3.3 +/- 1.1 mu g/g wet tissue; P < 0.0001) samples. The concentration of copper within the carotid artery was also significantly higher than that within the aorta (7.5 +/- 1.8 vs. 2.4 +/- 0.4 mu g/g wet tissue; P < 0.05). In animals fed a normal rabbit chow aortic, carotid and hepatic copper concentrations were 3.7 +/- 0.8, 9.4 +/- 3.4, and 5.0 +/- 1.6 mu g/g, respectively. These values did not differ significantly from the cholesterol-fed animals (P > 0.05). Plasma concentrations of caeruloplasmin, the major copper carrying protein, were estimated as plasma ferroxidase activity and were similar for the groups (P > 0.05), as were aortic superoxide dismutase activity levels (P > 0.05). Copper supplementation was associated with increased mononuclear cell adhesion to the endothelium of the carotid endothelium, with 2.6 +/- 0.3 adherent monocytes/1000 endothelial cells in the cholesterol plus copper-fed animals compared to 1.3 +/- 0.3 in the cholesterol-fed group (P = 0.0.0006), and 0.1 +/- 0.1 in the control animals (P < 0.002). This may reflect the higher concentrations of copper found within the carotid artery. Histology of the thoracic aorta at the level of the third and sixth intercostal arteries, showed that copper supplementation was associated with significantly smaller intimal lesions (P < 0.05 and P < 0.01, respectively). These data suggest that copper supplements possibly inhibit the progression of atherogenesis. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Rationale, design and goals of the HeartFlow assessing diagnostic value of non-invasive FFR<sub>CT</sub> in Coronary Care (ADVANCE) registry; Background: Coronary CT angiography (CTA) is a reliable tool for the detection of coronary artery disease (CAD) that conveys significant prognostic information. It does not provide data on the hemodynamic significance of a given lesion, particularly in intermediate-grade stenosis. Fractional flow reserve by CT (FFRCT) can accurately predict the hemodynamic significance of coronary lesions. The primary objective of this registry is to determine whether the integration of FFRCT as an adjunct to coronary CTA will lead to a significant change in the management of CAD in patients with stable angina. Methods: The ADVANCE Registry is a multi-center, prospective registry designed to evaluate utility, clinical outcomes and resource utilization following FFRCT-guided treatment in clinically stable, symptomatic patients diagnosed with CAD by coronary CTA. Approximately 5000 patients will be enrolled from up to 50 sites in Europe, USA, Canada and Asia. Requirement for enrollment is the presence of atherosclerosis on coronary CTA. For each enrolled patient, a clinical management review committee will use data from coronary CTA and FFRCT to determine the management plan using the following criteria: (a) optimal medical therapy, (b) percutaneous coronary intervention, (c) coronary artery bypass graft surgery, or (d) more information required. The primary endpoint of the registry is the reclassification rate between the management plan based on coronary CTA alone versus CTA plus FFRCT. The secondary endpoints of the registry include the evaluation of the rate of invasive coronary angiography (ICA), revascularization, major adverse coronary events, resource utilization, cumulative radiation dose exposure and the rate of ICA without obstructive CAD at 3-year follow-up. Conclusions: The ADVANCE registry is designed to assess the real-world impact of FFRCT on the clinical management of stable CAD when used along with coronary CTA. (C) 2016 Society of Cardiovascular Computed Tomography. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Electrocardiographic identification of prior myocardial infarction during right ventricular pacing - Effect of septal versus apical pacing; Background: Electrocardiographic (ECG) identification of prior myocardial infarction (MI) during right ventricular (RV) pacing is of clinical importance. Proposed ECG criteria have been evaluated only during apical pacing. We evaluated the effect of pacing site on the predictive performance of ECG signs of prior MI. Methods: The present study is a secondary analysis of a prospective, multicenter study which randomized recipients of an implantable cardioverter defibrillator to an apical versus septal RV lead positioning. ECGs of patients with or without prior MI were analyzed for the presence of the following criteria: Cabrera sign, Chapman sign, QR pattern in leads I, aVL, V5 or V6, QR in inferior leads and notching in the descending slope of the QRS complex in inferior leads. Results: The MI group included 89 patients (55.1% apically paced), while 99 patients had no prior MI (50.5% apically paced). In the total population, the Cabrera sign presented the highest specificity (97%) and diagnostic accuracy (62.2%), with a sensitivity of 23.6%. The Cabrera sign was the only significant predictor of a prior MI [OR = 9.9, (95%CI: 2.8-34.5), p < 0.001], among all ECG markers. Pacing site did not significantly influence the sensitivity and specificity of the Cabrera sign for detection of prior MI. Conclusions: In our study, the Cabrera sign was the only ECG marker that predicted the presence of prior MI during ventricular paced rhythm. Septal RV lead positioning did not affect the predictive performance of the Cabrera sign. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Utility of the NIH stroke scale as a predictor of hospital disposition; Background and Purpose-Early identification of stroke patients in need of rehabilitation or long-term nursing facility (NF) care may promote more efficient use of health care resources and lead to better outcomes. The NIH Stroke Scale (NIHSS) is an attractive candidate predictor of disposition because it is widely used, is easily learned, and can be performed rapidly on admission. Methods-We present a retrospective study of stroke patients admitted within 24 hours of symptom onset to a university hospital from March through June 2000. Medical records were reviewed for demographic information, stroke type, prestroke living arrangement and independence, initial NIHSS, and medical complications during hospitalization. Results-Among 94 patients evaluated during the study period, 59% were discharged home, 30% to rehabilitation, and 11% to NF. In multivariate analyses, disposition was associated only with initial NIHSS. For each 1-point increase in NIHSS, the likelihood of going home was significantly reduced (odds ratio, 0.79; 95% CI, 0.70 to 0.89, P<0.001). Categorization of NIHSS was also predictive of disposition, with NIHSS less than or equal to5 being most strongly associated with discharge home, NIHSS 6 to 13 with rehabilitation, and NIHSS >13 with NF (P<0.001). Although no other baseline characteristics predicted disposition, major medical complications during hospitalization tended to reduce the odds of going home (odds ratio, 0.30; 95% CI, 0.08 to 1.0, P=0.07). Conclusion-The NIHSS predicts postacute care disposition among stroke patients. Predicting disposition on the first day of admission may facilitate the time-consuming and costly process of securing a bed at rehabilitation or NF, and perhaps decrease unnecessary length of stay in acute care settings.
A Bayesian sensitivity analysis of out-of-hospital 12-lead electrocardiograms: Implications for regionalization of cardiac care; Background: The effectiveness of out-of-hospital regionalization of ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) patients to hospitals providing primary percutaneous coronary intervention depends on the accuracy of the out-of-hospital 12-lead electrocardiogram (PHTL). Although estimates of sensitivity and specificity of PHTL for STEMI have been reported, the impact of out-of-hospital STEMI prevalence on positive predictive value (PPV) has not been evaluated. Objectives: To describe the relationship between varying population STEMI prevalences and PHTL predictive values, using ranges of PHTL sensitivity and specificity. Methods: The authors performed a Bayesian analysis using PHTL, where values for sensitivities (60%-70%), specificities (98%), and two prevalence ranges (0.5%-5% and 5%-20%) were derived from a literature review. PPV prediction intervals were compared with three months of prospective data from the Los Angeles County Emergency Medical Services Agency STEMI regionalization program. Results: When the estimated prevalence of STEMI in the out-of-hospital population is 5%-20%, the median PPV of the PHTL is 83% (95% credible interval [CrI] = 53% to 97%). However, if the population prevalence of STEMI is between 0.5% and 5%, the median PPV is 43% (95% CrI = 12% to 86%). When the PPV prediction intervals were incorporated with the Los Angeles County Emergency Medical Services Agency data, the PPV was 66%. Conclusions: Even when assuming high specificity for PHTL, the false-positive rate will be considerable if applied to a population at low risk for STEMI. Before broadening application of PHTL to low-risk patients, the implications of a high false-positive rate should be considered.
Clinical and Angiographic Predictors of ST-Segment Recovery After Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; Important determinants of incomplete ST-segment recovery in patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) for ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) have been incompletely characterized. Early risk stratification could identify patients with STEMI and incomplete ST-segment recovery who may benefit from adjunctive therapy. For the present study, we analyzed 12-lead electrocardiograms from 2,124 patients with STEMI who underwent primary PCI at our institution from 2000 to 2007. ST-segment recovery was defined as percent change in cumulative ST-segment deviation between preprocedural and immediately postprocedural electrocardiograms and categorized as incomplete when <50%. A total of 1,032 patients (49%) had incomplete ST-segment recovery. After multivariable adjustment, age >60 years (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.28, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.06 to 1.54, p = 0.011), diabetes mellitus (OR 1.36, 95% CI 1.02 to 1.82, p = 0.034), left anterior descending coronary artery-related STEMI (OR 1.92, 95% CI 1.61 to 2.30, p<0.001), and multivessel disease (OR 1.34, 95% CI 1.10 to 1.63, p = 0.004) were independent predictors of incomplete ST-segment recovery. Current smoking (OR 0.79, 95% CI 0.65 to 0.95, p = 0.013) and a preprocedural Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction grade <3 flow (OR 0.70, 95% CI 0.53 to 0.93, p = 0.014) were inversely related to ST-segment recovery. Incomplete ST-segment recovery was a strong predictor of long-term mortality (hazard ratio 2.07, 95% CI 1.59 to 2.69, p<0.001) in addition to identified characteristics that independently predicted incomplete ST-segment recovery. In conclusion, incomplete ST-segment recovery at the end of PCI occurred significantly more often in the presence of an age >60 years, nonsmoking, diabetes mellitus, left anterior descending coronary artery-related STEMI, multivessel disease, and preprocedural Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction grade 3 flow. Patients with STEMI and these clinical features are at increased risk of impaired myocardial salvage and are appropriate candidates for adjunctive therapy. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2010;105:1692-1697)
Effect of Radial-to-Femoral Access Crossover on Adverse Outcomes in Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; We aimed to describe the impact of the vascular access used when patients are treated with primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PPCI) and to assess whether this translates into differences in angiographic outcomes. Patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction who underwent PPCI were divided into 3 groups: successful radial access (RA), successful femoral access (FA), and Crossover (failed RA with need for bailout FA) groups. Vascular access-related time (VART) was defined as the delay in PPCI that can be attributed to vascular access-related issues. Study end point was the final corrected Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction frame count. Multivariable analysis was used to identify predictors of RA failure (RAF: FA + Crossover). We included 241 patients (RA, n = 172; FA, n = 49; Crossover, n = 20). Mean VART was longer in Crossover (10.3 [8.8 to 12.4] minutes), relative to RA (4:1 [3.2 to 5.5] minutes) and FA (4.6 [3.4 to 8.4] minutes, p <0.001). A similar situation was found for time-to-first device (Crossover 22.5 [20.3 to 32.0], RA 15.0 [12.0 to 19.8]; FA 17.9 [13.5 to 22.3] minutes, p <0.001) and total procedure time (Crossover 60.3 [51.6 to 71.5], RA 46.8 [38.1 to 59.7], FA 52.3 [41.9 to 74.7] minutes, p <0.001). No differences in corrected Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction frame count were observed (Crossover 26 [18 to 32] frames, RA 24 [18 to 32] frames, FA 25 [16 to 34] frames, p = 0.625). Kilfip class IV (odds ratio [OR] 3.628, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.098 to 11.981, p = 0.035), cardiopulmonary resuscitation before arrival (OR 3.572, 95% CI 1.028 to 12.407, p = 0.045), and glomerular filtration rate (OR 0.861, 95% CI 0.758 to 0.978, p = 0.021) were independent predictors of RA failure. In conclusion, in the setting of PPCI, radial-to-FA crossover can lead to VART delays that dO not affect angiographic outcomes, in comparison with successful RA. (C) 2014. Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
T-wave inversion and diastolic dysfunction in patients with electrocardiographic left ventricular hypertrophy; Objectives: The aim of this study was to investigate if T-wave inversion (TWI) in the settings of electrocardiogram (ECG)-left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) is associated with advanced diastolic dysfunction (DD) in subjects with preserved ejection fraction (EF). Background: Animal studies suggested that an abnormal transmural repolarization sequence from endocardium to epicardium may contribute to DD. However, little is known about abnormal repolarization sequence and DD in humans. Methods: We studied 231 patients with ECG-diagnosed LVH and with an EF of 50% or greater (measured within 6 months of the index ECG). T-wave inversion was assessed on leads I, aVL, V-4, V-5, or V-6. Diastolic dysfunction was defined based on echocardiographic estimation of the left atrial pressure. We used multiple logistic regression to estimate the odds ratio of DD comparing patients with TWI with those without TWI. Results: The average age was 65.0 +/- 14.2 years, and 61% were women. The mean EF was 61.8% +/- 6.6%. Patients with TWIs were more likely to have coronary artery disease (P = .013) and diabetes (P = .007). There was a 5.6-fold increased odds of DD in patients with TWI compared with those without TWI in a model adjusting for sex, age, relative wall thickness, body mass index, hypertension, coronary artery disease, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and smoking. When comparing different echocardiographic estimates of the left atrial pressure, patients with TWI displayed higher values for septal and lateral E/e', left atrial volume index, and right ventricular/right atrial peak systolic gradient (P < .01 for each parameter). Conclusions: T-wave inversion is associated with increased odds of DD in patients with ECG-LVH with preserved systolic function. The reversal of the normal sequence of repolarization manifested on the 12-lead ECG as TWI may be a factor to DD. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Stabilizing the vulnerable plaque: The search for the magic bullet; Atherosclerotic disease remains the number one killer of the aging population in Western Society and numbers of cardiovascular events are strongly increasing in developing countries. Worldwide, about 20 million deaths per year are caused by this inflammatory disease and the costs for health care and loss of productivity are impressive. Despite the advances in treatment of cardiovascular disease, the increasing incidence of type II diabetes in developed countries deserves careful consideration, since this will surely enhance morbidity and mortality rates due to cardiovascular disease. Improvement of our understanding of the mechanisms that lead to atherosclerotic disease has resulted in innovative modalities that may help diagnose, prevent and treat this life threatening disease. Pathological studies revealed that next to atherosclerotic plaque burden, also the plaque phenotype is a major determinant of acute coronary thrombotic occlusion, Plaque rupture or plaque erosion may lead to activation of coagulation cascades and induce a thrombotic occlusion of the lumen. Cross-sectional studies demonstrated that plaques that are associated with thrombotic occlusion often encompass large lipid cores with a thin fibrous cap and a large number of inflammatory cells that secrete matrix degrading proteases and destabilize the plaque. Stabilizing this so called vulnerable plaque is one of the major challenges in the research domain of cardiovascular diseases. Many pharmaceutical companies run research and development programs to image, detect and stabilize the plaques prone to induce an adverse coronary event. The stakes are high. However, there is an ongoing debate how to define the vulnerable plaque and whether the patient is a vulnerable entity himself and should be treated accordingly. In this issue of Current Pharmaceutical Design you will find research papers that cover the current status and remaining issues in this very active field of the research on the vulnerable atherosclerotic plaque.
The intraoperative decrease of selenium is associated with the postoperative development of multiorgan dysfunction in cardiac surgical patients; Objective: The trace elements selenium, copper, and zinc are essential for maintaining the oxidative balance. A depletion of antioxidative trace elements has been observed in critically ill patients and is associated with the development of multiorgan dysfunction and an increased mortality. Cardiac surgery using cardiopulmonary bypass provokes ischemia-reperfusion-mediated oxidative stress. We hypothesized that an intraoperative decrease of circulating trace elements may be involved in this response. Design: Prospective observational clinical study. Setting: University hospital cardiothoracic operation theater and intensive care unit. Patients: Sixty patients (age 65 +/- 14 yrs) undergoing cardiac surgery with the use of cardiopulmonary bypass. Measurements and Main Results: Whole blood concentrations of selenium, copper, and zinc were measured after induction of anesthesia and 1 hr after admission to the intensive care unit. All patients were separated in a priori defined subgroups according to the development of no organ failure, single organ failure, and >= 2 organ failures in the postoperative period. Results: Fifty patients exhibited a significant selenium deficiency already before surgery, whereas copper and zinc concentrations were within the reference range. In all patients, blood levels of selenium, copper, and zinc were significantly reduced after end of surgery when compared to preoperative values (selenium: 89.05 +/- 12.65 to 70.84 +/- 10.46 mu g/L; zinc: 5.15 +/- 0.68 to 4.19 +/- 0.73 mg/L; copper: 0.86 +/- 0.15 to 0.65 +/- 0.14 mg/L; p < .001). During their intensive care unit stay, 17 patients were free from any organ failure, while 31 patients developed single-organ failure and 12 patients multiple organ failure. Multilogistic regression analysis showed that selenium concentrations at end of surgery were independently associated with the postoperative occurrence of multiorgan failure (p = .0026, odds ratio 0.8479, 95% confidence interval 0.7617 to 0.9440). Conclusions: Cardiac surgery using cardiopulmonary bypass resulted in a profound intraoperative decrease of whole blood levels of antioxidant trace elements. Low selenium concentrations at end of surgery were an independent predictor for the postoperative development of multiorgan failure. (Crit Care Med 2011; 39:1879-1885)
Ventricular fibrillation waveform characteristics differ according to the presence of a previous myocardial infarction: A surface ECG study in ICD-patients; Background: Characteristics of the ventricular fibrillation (VF) waveform reflect arrest duration and have been incorporated in studies on algorithms to guide resuscitative interventions. Findings in animals indicate that VF characteristics are also affected by the presence of a previous myocardial infarction (MI). As studies in humans are scarce, we assessed the impact of a previous MI on VF characteristics in ICD-patients. Methods: Prospective cohort of ICD-patients (n = 190) with defibrillation testing at the Radboudumc (2010-2013). VF characteristics of the 12-lead surface ECG were compared between three groups: patients without a history of MI (n = 88), with a previous anterior (n = 47) and a previous inferior MI (n = 55). Results: As compared to each of the other groups, the mean amplitude and amplitude spectrum area were lower, for an anterior MI in lead V3 and for an inferior MI in leads II and aVF. Across the three groups, the bandwidth was broader in the leads corresponding with the infarct localisation. In contrast, the dominant and median frequencies only differed between previous anterior MI and no history of MI, being lower in the former. Conclusions: The VF waveform is affected by the presence of a previous MI. Amplitude-related measures were lower and VF was less organised in the ECG-lead(s) adjacent to the area of infarction. Although VF characteristics of the surface ECG have so far primarily been considered a proxy for arrest duration and metabolic state, our findings question this paradigm and may provide additional insights into the future potential of VF-guided resuscitative interventions. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
ST segment elevation and the prediction of hospital life-threatening complications - The role of right ventricular and posterior leads; Accurate prognosis in suspected acute myocardial infarction (AMI) is essential for appropriate use of thrombolytic therapy and primary angioplasty. However, previous models may be limited because the 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) does not examine the right ventricular (RV) and posterior myocardium. We evaluated ST segment elevation (STSE) in posterior (V-7-V-9) and RV (V-4R-V-6R) leads to determine their predictive value for hospital life-threatening complications (HLTCs). Method and Results: This prospective trial of seven Midwestern hospital emergency departments (EDs) had inclusion criteria of age 35 years, chest pain suggestive of ischemia, and coronary care unit (CCU) admission. ECG leads were test positive if STSE was > 0.1 mV. Patients were positive for HLTCs if ED or inpatient hospital course included: ventricular fibrillation or tachycardia, second- or third-degree block, shock, arrest, or death. Univariate and multivariate analyses were performed to test each lead's association with HLTCs. Of 573 patients, 64.7% (345/533) had AMT and 15.8% (85/533) had HLTCs. The sensitivity of 18 leads for HLTCS was increased by 5.8%, but specificity decreased by 8.2%. ECG subgroups by STSE were associated with the following HLTC rates: inferior/+RV (32.4%); anterior (29.5%), lateral (23.1%), inferior RV (17.9%), and posterior (16.2%). V-1 (odds = 3.2) and V-6R (odds = 3.1) were statistically significant independent predictors. Conclusion: Posterior and RV leads did not increase the ECG's overall prognostic value, but in the presence of inferior STSE, were associated with low and high complication rates, respectively. Right and left precordial leads were the best predictors of HTLCs.
Early detection and prediction of cardiotoxicity after radiation therapy for breast cancer: the BACCARAT prospective cohort study; Background: Radiotherapy (RT) for breast cancer presents a benefit in terms of reducing local recurrence and deaths resulting from breast cancer but it can lead to secondary effects due to the presence of neighboring cardiac normal tissues within the irradiation field. Breast RT has been shown to be associated with long-term increased risk of heart failure, coronary artery disease, myocardial infarction and finally cardiovascular death more than 10 years after RT. However, there is still a lack of knowledge for early cardiotoxicity induced by breast RT that can appear long before the onset of clinically significant cardiac events. Based on a 2-year follow-up prospective cohort of patients treated with breast RT, the BACCARAT (BreAst Cancer and CArdiotoxicity Induced by RAdioTherapy) study aims to enhance knowledge on detection and prediction of early subclinical cardiac dysfunction and lesions induced by breast RT and on biological mechanisms potentially involved, based on functional and anatomical cardiac imaging combined with simultaneous assessment of multiple circulating biomarkers and accurate heart dosimetry. Methods/Design: BACCARAT study consists in a monocentric prospective cohort study that will finally include 120 women treated with adjuvant 3D CRT for breast cancer, and followed for 2 years after RT. Women aged 50 to 70 years, treated for breast cancer and for whom adjuvant 3D CRT is indicated, without chemotherapy are eligible for the study. Baseline (before RT) and follow-up data include measurements of functional myocardial dysfunction including strain and strain rate based on 2D-speckle tracking echocardiography, anatomical coronary lesions including description of plaques in segments of coronary arteries based on Coronary computed tomography angiography, and a wide panel of circulating biomarkers. The absorbed dose is evaluated for the whole heart and its substructures, in particular the coronary arteries. Analysis on occurrence and evolution of subclinical cardiac lesions and biomarkers will be performed and completed with dose-response relationship. Multivariate model of normal tissue complication probability (NTCP) will also be proposed. Discussion: Tools and results developed in the BACCARAT study should allow improving prediction and prevention of potential lesions to cardiac normal tissues surrounding tumors and ultimately enhance patients' care and quality of
Independent Prognostic Value of Single and Multiple Non-Specific 12-Lead Electrocardiographic Findings for Long-Term Cardiovascular Outcomes: A Prospective Cohort Study; Aims The long-term prognostic effect of non-specific 12-lead electrocardiogram findings is unknown. We aimed to evaluate the cumulative prognostic impact of axial, structural, and repolarization categorical abnormalities on cardiovascular death, independent from traditional risk scoring systems such as the Framingham risk score and the NIPPON DATA80 risk chart. Methods and Results A total of 16,816 healthy men and women from two prospective, longitudinal cohort studies were evaluated. 3,794 (22.6%) individuals died during a median follow-up of 15 years (range, 2.0-24 years). Hazard ratios for cardiovascular death, all-cause death, coronary death and stroke death were calculated for the cumulative and independent axial, structural, and repolarization categorical abnormalities adjusted for the Framingham risk score and the NIPPON DATA80 risk chart. Individuals with two or more abnormal categories had a higher risk of cardiovascular death after adjustment for Framingham risk score (men: HR 4.27, 95% CI 3.35-5.45; women: HR 4.83, 95% CI 3.76-6.22) and NIPPON DATA80 risk chart (men: HR 2.39, 95% CI 1.87-3.07; women: HR 2.04, 95% CI 1.58-2.64). Conclusion Cumulative findings of axial, structural, and repolarization abnormalities are significant predictors of long-term cardiovascular death in asymptomatic, healthy individuals independent of traditional risk stratification systems.
Very early risk stratification after thrombolytic therapy with a bedside myoglobin assay and the 12-lead electrocardiogram; Background Available clinical criteria to estimate prognosis in patients with evolving ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction do not consider the impact of reperfusion therapy and do not incorporate measurement of baseline levels of cardiac serum markers. We evaluated the combination of a baseline myoglobin assay and early (60- to 90-minute) ST resolution for risk stratification after ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction. Methods In a prospective substudy of the Intravenous nPA for Treatment of Infarcting Myocardium Early-it (InTIME-II) trial carried out in 2079 patients, a rapid qualitative assay for myoglobin was performed immediately before thrombolysis. Serial 12-lead electrocardiograms were performed at baseline and 60 to 90 minutes after thrombolysis. ST resolution was categorized as complete (greater than or equal to 70%), partial (30% to <70%), or none (<30%). Results Mortality rate at 30 days was 3.3% in the 905 patients with a negative baseline myoglobin assay versus 8.9% in the 527 patients with a positive assay (P < .0001). Mortality rate was lowest (2.4%) among the 614 patients with complete ST resolution, intermediate (4.9%) among the 512 patients with partial ST resolution, and highest (8.1%) among the 540 patients with no ST resolution (P < .0001 for trend). In a logistic regression model incorporating other baseline predictors of 30-day mortality rate, both a positive myoglobin assay (relative risk 1.98, 95% confidence interval 1.00-3.90) and ST resolution <70% (relative risk 2.86, 95% confidence interval 1.22-6.69) were independently associated with increased mortality rate. At 30 days, mortality rate was 0.4% among patients with a negative myoglobin assay and complete ST resolution, 4.8% among patients with either a positive myoglobin assay or ST resolution 170%, and 9.6% among those with both a positive myoglobin ratio and ST resolution <70% (P < .001 for trend). Conclusions Within 90 minutes after administering thrombolytic therapy for acute myocardial infarction, clinicians can determine the risk for death at the patient's bedside with a hand-held myoglobin assay and 2 serial 12-lead electrocardiograms. A strategy using these 2 simple, rapid, and inexpensive tests may facilitate triage after thrombolytic therapy.
Frequency and significance of troponin T elevation in acute ischemic stroke; Elevated levels of troponin have been reported in patients with acute ischemic stroke. In this prospective study, the prevalence and characteristics of troponin elevation were examined in 244 patients with acute ischemic stroke but without overt ischemic heart disease. Troponin T (TnT) and creatine kinase-MB (CK-MB) concentrations were measured and 12-lead electrocardiograms obtained daily during the first 5 days of admission. Myocardial perfusion scintigraphy was performed in patients with TnT levels of 0.10 mg/L and in comparable controls without elevation of TnT. Patients were followed for a mean of 19 +/- 7 months, with all-cause mortality as the clinical end point. Elevated levels of TnT (> 0.03 mu g/L) and creatine kinase-MB (>= 10 mu g/L) were observed in 10% and 9% of patients, respectively. Patients with elevated TnT had higher frequencies of heart and/or renal failure. Perfusion abnormalities on myocardial perfusion scintigraphy at rest were not more frequent or pronounced in patients with TnT levels of >= 0.10 mu g/L than in the control group. Only 7 patients (3%) had elevations of TnT or creatine kinase-MB and electrocardiographic changes suggesting acute myocardial infarctions. According to univariate and multivariate analyses, elevation of TnT was significantly associated with mortality. In conclusion, elevated levels of TnT are rare in patients presenting with ischemic stroke but without overt ischemic heart disease. Heart and renal failure rather than myocardial infarction are the most likely causes. When present, elevation of TnT seems to be useful in identifying patients who are at increased risk of dying within the following 2 years. (c) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Periodontal diseases and carotid intima-media thickness in Bangladesh; Aim: To evaluate the relationship between periodontal diseases and subclinical atherosclerosis in a younger and lean South Asian population. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study in 917 subjects (mean age 46 years and mean body mass index 21.1 kg/m(2)) from the Health Effects of Arsenic Longitudinal Study in Bangladesh. Multivariate linear regression models were used to assess the associations between multiple clinical measures of periodontal diseases and carotid intima-media thickness (IMT). Results: Mean attachment loss (AL) and percentage of sites with AL >= 4 mm (% AL >= 4) were associated with increased IMT. The IMT was 20.0-mu m (95% CI: 2.2, 37.8) and 26.5-mu m (95% CI: 8.9, 44.1) higher in subjects in the top quartile of mean AL (>3.72 mm) and % AL >= 4 (>58.4%), respectively, compared to those in the bottom quartile. In a subset of 366 subjects, mean AL was positively associated with plasma levels of matrix metalloproteinase-9 (p < 0.05) and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (p < 0.01). Conclusions: Attachment loss was associated with subclinical atherosclerosis in this young and lean Bangladeshi population. Future prospective studies are needed to confirm this association.
Disparities in the Use of Seizure Medications After Intracerebral Hemorrhage; Background and Purpose-We investigated potential disparities in the use of prophylactic seizure medications in patients with intracerebral hemorrhage. Methods-Review of multicenter electronic health record (EHR) data with simultaneous prospective data recording. EHR data were retrieved from HealthLNK, a multicenter EHR repository in Chicago, Illinois, from 2006 to 2012 ( multicenter cohort). Additional data were prospectively coded (single-center cohort) from 2007 through 2015. Results-The multicenter cohort comprised 3422 patients from 4 HealthLNK centers. Use of levetiracetam varied by race/ethnicity (P=0.0000008), with whites nearly twice as likely as blacks to be administered levetiracetam ( odds ratio: 1.71; 95% confidence interval, 1.43-2.05; P<0.0001). In the single-center cohort (n=450), hematoma location, older age, depressed consciousness, larger hematoma volume, no alcohol abuse, and race/ethnicity were associated with levetiracetam administration (P <= 0.04). Whites were nearly twice as likely as blacks to receive levetiracetam ( odds ratio: 1.9; 95% confidence interval, 1.25-2.89; P=0.002); however, the association was confounded by history of hypertension, higher blood pressure on admission, and deep hematoma location. Only hematoma location was independently associated with levetiracetam administration (P<0.00001), rendering other variables, including race/ethnicity, nonsignificant. Conclusions-Although multicenter EHR data showed apparent racial/ethnic disparities in the use of prophylactic seizure medications, a more complete single-center cohort found the apparent disparity to be confounded by the clinical factors of hypertension and hematoma location. Disparities in care after intracerebral hemorrhage are common; however, administrative data may lead to the discovery of disparities that are confounded by detailed clinical data not readily available in EHRs.
METAANALYSIS FOR 2X2 TABLES - A BAYESIAN-APPROACH; This paper develops and implements a fully Bayesian approach to meta-analysis, in which uncertainty about effects in distinct but comparable studies is represented by an exchangeable prior distribution. Specifically, hierarchical normal models are used, along with a parametrization that allows a unified approach to deal easily with both clinical trial and case-control study data. Monte Carlo methods are used to obtain posterior distributions for parameters of interest, integrating out the unknown parameters of the exchangeable prior or 'random effects' distribution. The approach is illustrated with two examples, the first involving a data set on the effect of beta-blockers after myocardial infarction, and the second based on a classic data set comprising 14 case-control studies on the effects of smoking on lung cancer. In both examples, rather different conclusions from those previously published are obtained. In particular, it is claimed that widely used methods for meta-analysis, which involve complete pooling of 'O-E' values, lead to understatement of uncertainty in the estimation of overall or typical effect size.
Stroke Symptoms With Absence of Recognized Stroke Are Associated With Cognitive Impairment and Depressive Symptoms in Older Adults With Diabetes; Self-reported stroke symptoms may represent unrecognized cerebrovascular events leading to poorer cognitive and mental health. We examined relationships between stroke symptoms, cognitive impairment, and depressive symptoms in a high-risk sample: 247 adults aged 65 with diabetes. Stroke symptoms were assessed using the Questionnaire for Verifying Stroke-free Status, cognitive impairment was measured with the modified Telephone Interview for Cognitive Status, and depressive symptoms were measured using the 15-item Geriatric Depression Scale. In 206 participants without history of stroke/transient ischemic attack, 27.7% reported stroke symptoms, with sudden loss of comprehension most frequently reported (11.7%). Having >1 versus 0 stroke symptoms was associated with greater odds of cognitive impairment (odds ratio = 3.04, 95% confidence interval 1.15-8.05) and more depressive symptoms (b = 2.60, P < .001) while controlling for age, race, gender, education, diabetes duration, diabetes severity, and cardiovascular comorbidities. Better recognition and treatment of cerebrovascular problems in older adults with diabetes may lead to improved cognition and mental health.
HYPERTENSION AND THE RISK OF NEW-ONSET UNPROVOKED SEIZURES; We tested the a priori hypothesis that hypertension can lead to seizures through vascular brain damage that might or might not involve manifest stroke. A case-control study with 227 patients admitted for a first unprovoked seizure and 294 acute surgical controls was carried out at Harlem Hospital Center, New York City, between 1981 and 1984. History of hypertension was significantly associated with unprovoked seizures, even after adjustment for antecedent stroke and other potential confounders (adjusted odds ratio [OR] = 1.57; 95% confidence limit [CL], 1.0 to 2.44). There was marked synergism between history of stroke and history of hypertension; subjects with a history of both had a fourfold increase in seizure risk compared with subjects with neither (adjusted OR = 4.07; 95% CL, 1.50 to 11.0). In these data, history of hypertension appears to be an independent risk factor for new-onset unprovoked seizures, especially, but not only, in conjunction with a history of stroke.
Thrombolysis during cardiopulmonary resuscitation; In more than 70% of patients requiring cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR), acute myocardial infarction or massive pulmonary embolism is the underlying cause of deterioration. In both cases, thrombolysis is an effective and causal treatment strategy. Nevertheless, thrombolysis has been contraindicated during CPR because of the fear of severe bleeding complications. However, increasing clinical experience now suggests that thrombolysis during CPR may help to stabilize patients under certain circumstances, Analyzing our own and all other published data, up to 78% of patients suffering from massive pulmonary embolism and requiring CPR could be stabilized following treatment with thrombolysis during CPR, and up to 67% of these patients survived. In acute myocardial infarction, thrombolysis may also be indicated in case of persistent ventricular fibrillation or if conventional resuscitation procedures remain unsuccessful. Clinical data suggest that thrombolysis can lead to stabilization and survival in these conditions. In addition, there is further indicative evidence for the relevance of such a treatment strategy from prospective studies performed in patients suffering from out-of-hospital cardiac arrest, Some patients have been stabilized, even after 1-2 h of CPR, if thrombolysis was performed, Bleeding complications were rare and less severe than anticipated. Besides the specific action of thrombolytic agents on pulmonary emboli and coronary thromboses, experimental data indicate that thrombolysis during CPR may improve cerebral microcirculatory reperfusion. In accordance with these findings, we have recently demonstrated that there is a marked activation of blood coagulation after cardiac arrest in humans. Therefore, hemostatic disorders may account for reperfusion disorders after cardiac arrest, and thrombolysis during CPR may help to resolve the consequences of coagulation activation under these conditions. In conclusion, thrombolysis during CPR is a treatment strategy which could lead to stabilization and survival in patients with massive pulmonary embolism or acute myocardial infarction with persistent ventricular fibrillation or after initially unsuccessful CPR procedures. However, in the light of possible bleeding complications, the decision to perform this treatment should be made competently and on an individual basis.
Genetics of venous thrombo-embolic disease; Venous thrombo-embolic disease is a multifactorial disease which arises in situations of thrombosis risk with poorly understood genetic and/or acquired risk factors. Constitutional anomalies concerning five coagulation proteins (antithrombin, protein C, protein S, factor V and prothrombin) are established risk factors for which the harmful role has been demonstrated in thrombophilic families and/or in case-control studies. New studies (twin studies, GAIT study) which use joint subjects and appropriate statistical methods are aimed at a better understanding of the genetic component and the environmental component of thrombotic risk. They have allowed demonstration of the importance of the contribution of heredity to the variability of the coagulation parameter concentration and the variability of susceptibility to thrombosis, and have implied the influence of genes with pleiotrophic effect. The identification of these new loci will allow a better evaluation of the components of thrombotic risk and perhaps lead to individualised preventive therapeutic management.
Comparison of different methods of ST segment resolution analysis for prediction of 1-year mortality after primary angioplasty for acute myocardial infarction; Background: Resolution of ST segment elevation corresponds with myocardial tissue reperfusion and correlates with clinical outcome after ST elevation myocardial infarction. Simpler method evaluating the extent of maximal deviation persisting in a single ECG lead was an even stronger mortality predictor. Our aim was to evaluate and compare prognostic accuracy of different methods of ST segment elevation resolution analysis after primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in a real-life setting. Methods: Paired 12-lead ECGs were analyzed in 324 consecutive and unselected patients treated routinely with primary PCI in a single high-volume center. ST segment resolution was quantified and categorized into complete, partial, or none, upon the (1) sum of multilead ST elevations (sumSTE) and (2) sum of ST elevations plus reciprocal depressions (sumSTE+D); or into the low-, medium-, and high-risk groups by (3) the single-lead extent of maximal postprocedural ST deviation (maxSTE). Results: Complete, partial, and nonresolution groups by sumSTE constituted 39%, 40%, and 21% of patients, respective groups by sumSTE+D comprised 40%, 39%, and 21%. The low-, medium-, and high-risk groups constituted 43%, 32%, and 25%. One-year mortality rates for rising risk groups by sumSTE were 4.7%, 10.2%, and 14.5% (P = 0.049), for sumSTE+D 3.8%, 9.6%, and 17.6% (P = 0.004) and for maxSTE 5.1%, 6.7%, and 18.5% (P = 0.001), respectively. After adjustment for multiple covariates only maxSTE (high vs low-risk, odds ratio [OR] 3.10; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.11-8.63; P = 0.030) and age (OR 1.07; 95% CI 1.02-1.11; P = 0.002) remained independent predictors of mortality. Conclusions: In unselected population risk stratifications based on the postprocedural ST resolution analysis correlate with 1-year mortality after primary PCI. However, only the single-lead ST deviation analysis allows an independent mortality prediction.
Prehospital care of acute coronary syndrome by anaesthetists.: Prospective comparison with the care standards of cardiologists; Background. Prehospital treatment of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) by anaesthetists acting in physician staffed emergency medical service (EMS) was compared with that of the gold standard of cardiologists. Methods. Prospectively 599 patients with assumed ACS were traced. Prehospital diagnosis and therapy were compared with re-evaluation of ECGs and diagnosis on hospital discharge. Results. In the case of ST-segment elevating myocardial infarction (STEMI) anaesthetists diagnosed 84% of cases correctly and cardiologists in 94% (p=0.048). False positive diagnoses were given in 11% by anaesthetists versus 5% by cardiologists (p=0.31). Anaesthetists accompanied all patients with instable angina versus 94% by cardiologists (p=0.06). Anaesthetists achieved 82% of patients to be pain-free versus 73% of cardiologists (p=0.01). Mortality until discharge was identical for the two groups (8.2%). Conclusion. In prehospital management of ACS cardiologists showed higher diagnostic competence, whereas anaesthetists revealed a greater degree of therapeutic caution. Patient mortality was not influenced.
Coronary Artery Plaque Burden and Perioperative Cardiac Risk; Background: Electron-beam computed tomography-derived coronary calcium score correlates with the morphologic severity of coronary artery disease, reflecting both global atherosclerotic plaque formation and coronary artery luminal narrowing. The current study examines the impact of coronary atherosclerotic plaque burden, measured by coronary calcium score, on the potential for perioperative myocardial cell injury, as assessed by cardiac troponin T elevations in patients undergoing elective vascular surgery. The authors further investigated whether perioperative myocardial cell injury in those patients adversely affects noninvasive measures of left ventricular systolic function, such as ejection fraction and wall motion score. Methods. Fifty-one consecutive patients scheduled for vascular surgery were enrolled in this prospective study. In addition to standard preoperative evaluation, including patient history and physical examination, electron-beam computed tomography scan, 12-lead electrocardiography, and transthoracic echocardiography were performed on the day before surgery. Subsequent evaluations on postoperative days 2 and 7 included transthoracic echocardiography and 12-lead electrocardiography. Cardiac troponin T determinations were performed on the day before surgery, immediately preoperatively, and on posts operative days 1, 2, 3, and 7. Results: The median coronary calcium score of the 51 patients was 997.0 (25th percentile, 202.5; 75th percentile, 1,949.5). Cardiac troponin T elevations exclusively occurred in patients with a coronary calcium score greater than 1,000. The six patients (12%) with perioperative cardiac troponin T elevations had a 2.5-fold higher coronary calcium score than those without cardiac troponin T elevation (P = 0.021). In these patients, the ejection fraction decreased from 61 +/- 10% to 52 +/- 13% (mean +/- SD) on postoperative day 2 and was 54 +/- 16% on postoperative day 7 (P = 0.022). Conclusion: A high electron-beam computed tomography coronary calcium score, reflecting substantial coronary plaque burden, carries an increased risk for myocardial cell injury after vascular surgery. In these patients, myocardial damage may result in deterioration of global systolic left ventricular function.
Paradigms in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: phenotypes, immunobiology, and therapy with a focus on vascular disease; Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a complex and heterogeneous syndrome that represents a major global health burden. COPD phenotypes have recently emerged based on large cohort studies addressing the need to better characterize the syndrome. Though comprehensive phenotyping is still at an early stage, factors such as ethnicity and radiographic, serum, and exhaled breath biomarkers have shown promise. COPD is also an immunological disease where innate and adaptive immune responses to the environment and tobacco smoke are altered. The frequent overlap between COPD and other systemic diseases, such as cardiovascular disease, has influenced COPD therapy, and treatments for both conditions may lead to improved patient outcomes. Here, we discuss current paradigms that center on improving the definition of COPD, understanding the immunological overlap between COPD and vascular inflammation, and the treatment of COPDwith a focus on comorbid cardiovascular disease.
Predictors of outcome in patients with cerebral venous thrombosis and intracerebral hemorrhage; Background and Purpose-Although intracerebral hemorrhages are frequent in patients with cerebral venous thrombosis, and lead to worse outcome, predictors of outcome in cerebral venous thrombosis patients with intracerebral hemorrhages have never been evaluated in adequately powered studies. Methods-This study was conducted as a part of the International Study on Cerebral Vein and Dural Sinus Thrombosis. We evaluated predictors of outcome in cerebral venous thrombosis patients who had an "early intracerebral hemorrhage," ie, intracerebral hemorrhages already present at time of diagnosis of cerebral venous thrombosis by a logistic regression analysis, with a modified Rankin scale 3 to 6 at month 6 as dependent variable. The same analysis was performed with " delayed intracerebral hemorrhages," ie, intracerebral hemorrhages that occurred after the diagnosis of cerebral venous thrombosis, as dependent variable. Results-Of 624 patients recruited in International Study on Cerebral Vein and Dural Sinus Thrombosis, 245 (39%) had an early intracerebral hemorrhage: at month 6, 51 (21%) of them had a modified Rankin Scale 3 to 6. Independent predictors of having modified Rankin scale 3 to 6 at month 6 were older age (adjusted odds ratio for 1-year increase in age, 1.05; 95% CI, 1.02 to 1.08); male gender ( adjusted odds ratio, 3.25; 95% CI, 1.29 to 8.16); having a deep cerebral venous system thrombosis ( adjusted odds ratio, 5.43; 95% CI, 1.67 to 17.61) or a right lateral sinus thrombosis ( adjusted odds ratio, 2.56; 95% CI, 1.03 to 6.40); and having a motor deficit ( adjusted odds ratio, 2.94; 95% CI, 1.21 to 7.10). Of the 36 patients who had a delayed intracerebral hemorrhage, those who had a modified Rankin scale 3 to 6 at month 6 were less likely to have received heparin at the acute stage, and more likely to have had early intracerebral hemorrhage. Conclusion-Among patients with early intracerebral hemorrhage, those who were older, men, had a thrombosis of the deep cerebral venous system or of the right lateral sinus, and a motor deficit were at higher risk for death or dependency at month 6. This subgroup of patients with predictors of poor outcome can be the target for new therapeutic strategies. (Stroke. 2007;38:337-342.)
BENEFITS OF TREATMENT WITH IMPLANTABLE CARDIOVERTER-DEFIBRILLATORS IN PATIENTS WITH STABLE VENTRICULAR-TACHYCARDIA WITHOUT CARDIAC-ARREST; Background-The availability of implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (ICD) that are capable of antitachycardia pacing may lead to an increased use of ICDs in patients with haemodynamically tolerated ventricular tachycardia without a history of cardiac arrest. The frequency of potentially life-threatening fast ventricular tachycardias (cycle length < 250 ms) was investigated in patients who had a third generation ICD with endocardial leads implanted because they had haemodynamically tolerated ventricular tachycardia without a history of cardiac arrest. Methods-Between January 1990 and October 1993, 50 patients (age (mean (SD)) 60 (11); ejection fraction 39 (16)%; 82% with coronary artery disease and 8% with dilated cardiomyopathy) with haemodynamically tolerated ventricular tachycardia (cycle length (mean (SD)) 348 (60) ms; range 250-500 ms) and without a history of cardiac arrest were treated with third generation ICDs that were capable of antitachycardia pacing. Fast ventricular tachycardia had been induced in 14 (28%) during baseline electrophysiological study. The benefit of ICD treatment was estimated as the difference between total mortality and the occurrence of fast ventricular tachycardia that would have been fatal if it had not been terminated. Results-During follow up of 17 (12) months, 33 patients (66%) had a total of 3861 episodes of ventricular tachycardia. 91% of these episodes were terminated by antitachycardia pacing. 11 patients (22%) had episodes of potentially life-threatening fast ventricular tachycardia and 3 of these also had inducible fast ventricular tachycardia. One patient died suddenly 27 months after implantation. The difference between survival without fast ventricular tachycardia and total mortality was 9%, 12%, 27%, and 27% at 6, 12, 18, and 24 months, respectively. Conclusions-About a fifth of patients who had been given an ICD to treat haemodynamically tolerated ventricular tachycardia and who had no history of cardiac arrest experienced fast ventricular tachycardia during follow up requiring immediate cardioversion. Prospective studies are needed to investigate whether the prognosis of patients with a history of haemodynamically tolerated ventricular tachycardia without cardiac arrest is improved by ICD therapy.
Effect of weight loss with reduction of intra-abdominal fat on lipid metabolism in older men; How weight loss improves lipid levels is poorly understood. Cross-sectional studies have suggested that accumulation of fat in intraabdominal stores (IAF) may lead to abnormal lipid levels, increased hepatic lipase (HL) activity, and smaller low density lipoprotein (LDL) particle size. To determine what effect loss of IAF would have on lipid parameters, 21 healthy older men underwent diet-induced weight loss. During a period of weight stability before and after weight loss, subjects underwent studies of body composition, lipids, measurement of postheparin lipoprotein and HL lipase activities, cholesteryl ester transfer protein activity, and insulin sensitivity (Si). After an average weight loss of 10%, reductions in fat mass, IAF, and abdominal sc fat were seen, accompanied by reductions in levels of triglyceride, very low density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, and HL activity. High density lipoprotein-2 cholesterol and Si increased. In those subjects with pattern B LDL at baseline, LDL particle size increased. Cholesteryl ester transfer protein activity did not change. Changes in IAF and Si correlated with a decrease in HL activity (although not independently of each other). In summary, in men undergoing diet-induced weight loss, only loss of LAF was found to be associated with a reduction in HL, which is associated with beneficial effects on lipid levels.
Vectorcardiography risk stratifies emergency department chest pain patients with left ventricular hypertrophy on the initial 12-lead ECG; Background: Vectorcardiographic (VCG) measurements of ST-vector magnitude (VM) and QRS-vector difference (VD) have been demonstrated to be independent predictors of adverse outcome (AO) and acute myocardial infarction (AMI) in emergency department (ED) chest pain patients with absence of bundle branch block or left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) on the initial 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG). The prognostic value of ST-VM and QRS-VD in ED chest pain patients with LVH on the initial 12-lead ECG has not been previously investigated. Methods: A prospective observational study was performed in 196 consecutive ED chest pain patients with suspected AMI and presence of voltage criteria for LVH on initial ECG who underwent continuous VCG monitoring during the initial evaluation. The optimal baseline ST-VM value and 2-hour QRS-VD value were defined as the most accurate value on the receiver operator characteristic curve (value with lowest false-negative and false-positive rate). Thirty-day AO was defined as AMI, percutaneous coronary intervention, coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG), or cardiac death occurring within 30 days of initial ED visit. Results: Fourteen patients (7.1%) were diagnosed as 24-hour AMI and 28 patients (14.3%) experienced 30-day AO. The optimal cut-off value for predicting 30-day AO was >124 muV for ST-VM and >21.7 muV for QRS-VD. Patients with either a positive ST-VM or a positive QRS-VD had 8.8 times increased odds of AMI (95% confidence interval, Cl, 1.9-40.3; P = 0.003); 4.3 times increased odds of 30-day PTCA/CABG (95% Cl 1.3-13.8; P = 0.019); and 3.8 times increased odds of 30-day AO (95% Cl 1.6-9.3; P = 0.003). Conclusions: Baseline ST-VM and 2-hour QRS-VD risk stratifies ED chest pain patients with LVH voltage criteria on the initial 12-lead ECG.
HIV infection, antiretroviral therapy, and endothelium; Introduction of antiretroviral combination therapy has profoundly altered both the course and prognosis of the disease in HIV-infected persons. Indeed, protease inhibitor-containing antiretroviral combination therapy dramatically decreased morbidity and mortality and improved quality of life of HIV-infected persons. Recent data, however, have raised concerns that antiretroviral combination therapy is associated with premature manifestation of coronary artery disease. In particular, protease inhibitors have been linked to metabolic changes such as insulin resistance, abnormalities in lipid metabolism and lipodystrophy and increased coronary artery calcification. Previous studies have reached conflicting conclusions whether the incidence of myocardial infarction is indeed increased in this patient population. The most substantial database has recently been provided by the D:A:D study group who demonstrated an increased incidence of myocardial infarction in HIV-infected persons on protease inhibitors or non-nucleoside reversetranscriptaseinhibitor-containing therapy in a prospective observational cohort study. Much about the mechanisms involved leading to this finding remain elusive. Surrogate markers such as endothelial function may help to delineate potential mechanisms. Endothelial dysfunction is a key event in the initiation and progression of atherosclerotic vascular disease. It is characterized by decreased nitric oxide (NO) bioavailability. Furthermore endothelial "activation" leading to a pro-inflammatory, proliferative and prothrombotic state of the endothelium occurs. The observed accelerated atherosclerosis could either be caused by the virus infection itself or by a side effect of antiretroviral therapy, protease inhibitors in particular. Experimental studies demonstrate a direct impact of viral components (gp120, TAT) on the endothelium, as they lead to expression of adhesion molecules (intercellular adhesion molecule [ICAM], E-selectin),a prothrombotic state (increase of von Willebrand factor, plasminogen activator inhibitor-[PAI-]1,tissue plasminogen activator [t-PA], tissue factor). In addition, soluble adhesion molecules (sE-selectin, ICAM) were found to be increased in HIV-infected persons. Impaired flow-mediated dilation can already be detected in HIV-infected children, independent of antiretroviral therapy Another study showed a correlation between viral load and flow-mediated dilation, supporting the notion of infection/inflammation as a contributor to endothelial dysfunction. The influence of protease inhibitor therapy on the endothelium was investigated in several studies in vitro and in vivo. In experimental studies certain protease inhibitors downregulated eNOS expression, and induced CD36 scavenger receptor expression. Furthermore, apoptosis, radical oxygen species (ROS), proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells and endothelin-1 were found to be increased. There is conflicting evidence about adhesion molecules, as some investigators detected a decrease by therapy, others did not see an effect. In clinical studies all but one investigator found endothelial function to be impaired in HIV-infected persons on protease inhibitor-containing regimens. An important study to underline the hypothesis of a link between pro-tease inhibitor therapy comes from Dube et al. showing that in healthy volunteers, indinavir caused impaired endothelial-dependent vasodilation after 4 weeks. In a wide variety of clinical conditions lipid-lowering therapy using statins has shown to improve endothelial function as well as hard clinial endpoints. Drug interactions caused by common metabolism of protease inhibitors and most statins by the P450 3A4 pathway limit the use of these drugs it this setting. Pravastatin, which is being metabolized independently of P450 enzymes, was tested in several studies. In one study a trend toward improvement of endothelial function was observed. In an own similar study the authors recently provided evidence of a significant improvement of endothelium-dependent vasodilation in 30 HIV-infected persons. These studies support current guidelines of treating protease inhibitor-associated dyslipidemia with statins, preferably pravastatin. Many questions remain unanswered in the context of antiretroviral therapy and cardiovascular risk. Results gained from research of endothelial function have served to delineate certain potential mechanisms, much work is yet to be done.
Early continuous ST segment monitoring in unstable angina: Prognostic value additional to the clinical characteristics and the admission electrocardiogram; Background and objective-In unstable angina, clinical characteristics, resting electrocardiography, and early continuous ST segment monitoring have been individually reported to identify subgroups at increased risk of adverse outcome. It is not known, however, whether continuous ST monitoring provides additional prognostic information in such a setting. Design-Observational study of 212 patients with unstable angina without evidence of acute myocardial infarction admitted to district general hospitals, who had participated in a randomised study comparing heparin and aspirin treatment versus aspirin alone. Methods-Clinical variables and a 12 lead electrocardiogram (ECG) were recorded at admission, and treatment was standardised to include aspirin, atenolol, diltiazem, and intravenous glyceryl in addition to intravenous (randomised treatment). Continuous ST segment monitoring was performed for 48 h and all inhospital adverse events were recorded. Results-The admission ECG was normal in 61 patients (29%), showed ST depression in 59 (28%) (17 greater than or equal to 0.1 mV), and T wave changes in a further 69 (33%). The remaining 23 had Q waves (18), right bundle branch block (four), or ST elevation (one). During 8963 h of continuous ST segment monitoring (mean 42.3 h/patient), 132 episodes of transient myocardial ischaemia (104 silent) were recorded in 32 patients (15%). Forty patients (19%) had an adverse event (cardiac deaths (n = 3), non-fatal myocardial infarction (n = 6) and, emergency revascularisation (n = 31)). Both admission ECG ST depression (P = 0.02), and transient ischaemia (P < 0.001) predicted an increased risk of non-fatal myocardial infarction or death, while no patients with a normal ECG died or had a myocardial infarction. Adverse outcome was predicted by admission ECG ST depression (regardless of severity) (odds ratio (OR) 3.41) (P < 0.001), and maintenance beta blocker treatment (OR 2.95) (P < 0.01). A normal ECG predicted a favourable outcome (OR 0.38) (P = 0.04), while T wave or other ECG changes were not predictive of outcome. Transient ischaemia was the strongest predictor of adverse prognosis (OR 4.61) (P < 0.001), retaining independent predictive value in multivariate analysis (OR 2.94) (P = 0.03), as maintenance beta blocker treatment 2.85) (P = 0.01) and admission ECG ST depression, which showed a trend towards independent predictive value (OR 2.11) (P = 0.076). Conclusions-Patients with unstable angina and a normal admission ECG have a good prognosis, while ST segment depression predicts an adverse outcome. Transient myocardial ischaemia detected by continuous ST segment monitoring in such patients receiving optimal medical treatment provides prognostic information additional to that gleaned from the clinical characteristics or the admission ECG.
Signalling the risk of sudden cardiac death: the ECG and beyond; There is an urgent need to extend sudden cardiac death (SCD) risk stratification beyond the left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF). We evaluated whether a cumulative electrocardiogram (ECG) risk score would improve identification of individuals at high risk of SCD. In the community-based Oregon Sudden Unexpected Death Study (catchment population 1 million), 522 SCD cases with archived 12-lead ECG available (65.3 +/- 14.5 years, 66% male) were compared with 736 geographical controls to assess the incremental value of multiple ECG parameters in SCD prediction. Heart rate, LV hypertrophy, QRS transition zone, QRS-T angle, QTc, and Tpeak-to-Tend interval remained significant in the final model, which was externally validated in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study. Sixteen percent of cases and 3% of controls had a parts per thousand 4 abnormal ECG markers. After adjusting for clinical factors and LVEF, increasing ECG risk score was associated with progressively greater odds of SCD. Overall, subjects with a parts per thousand 4 ECG abnormalities had an odds ratio (OR) of 21.2 for SCD [95% confidence interval (CI) 9.4-47.7; P < 0.001]. In the LVEF > 35% subgroup, the OR was 26.1 (95% CI 9.9-68.5; P < 0.001). The ECG risk score increased the C-statistic from 0.625 to 0.753 (P < 0.001), with net reclassification improvement of 0.319 (P < 0.001). In the ARIC cohort validation, risk of SCD associated with a parts per thousand 4 ECG abnormalities remained significant after multivariable adjustment (hazard ratio 4.84; 95% CI 2.34-9.99; P < 0.001; C-statistic improvement 0.759-0.774; P = 0.019). This novel cumulative ECG risk score was independently associated with SCD and was particularly effective for LVEF > 35% where risk stratification is currently unavailable. These findings warrant further evaluation in prospective clinical investigations.
Effects of the Coronary Collateral Circulation on the Tp-e Interval and Tp-e/QT Ratio in Patients with Stable Coronary Artery Disease; BackgroundThe clinical utility of the Tp-e interval and Tp-e/QT ratio in the risk stratification of ventricular arrhythmic events is controversial. Therefore, we investigated the impact of CCC on these electrocardiographic indexes in the course of stable CAD. MethodsTwo hundred three consecutive patients with stable CAD who underwent coronary angiography and had documented total occlusion of one of the major coronary arteries were enrolled in this prospective cross-sectional study. The Tp-e interval and Tp-e/QT ratio were measured by 12-lead electrocardiogram. ResultsThe Tp-e interval, cTp-e interval, Tp-e/QT ratio, and cTp-e/QT ratio were lower in the grade 3 CCC group compared with the others in all leads. Multivariate linear regression analyses was performed to identify the clinical factors affecting the cTp-e interval and was indicated that age ( = 0.261, P < 0.001), male sex ( = 0.334, P < 0.001), poor Rentrop grade ( = -0.228, P < 0.001), and NLR ( = 0.137, P = 0.027) were independent predictors of a prolonged cTp-e interval. ConclusionIt could be concluded that the decreased dispersion of ventricular repolarization might contribute to the lower incidence of ventricular arrhythmias and SCD in CAD patients with a good CCC.
Comparison of early and late results of a carbofilm-coated stent versus a pure high-grade stainless steel stent (the carbostent-trial); The long-term success of coronary interventions with stents is largely determined by the development of restenosis. The aim of this study was to compare a Carbofilm-coated and a pure stainless steel stent with regard to early and late adverse events. In this prospective, randomized trial, the Carbofilm-coated Carbostent and Sirius. stent (same, stent design, newly developed delivery system) were compared with the stainless steel stents S660, S670, and S7 (newly developed delivery system, some principal stent design with a few changes). The primary end point was relative late luminal loss, and secondary end points were diameter stenosis at 6 months, rate of restenosis, and major adverse cardiac events (MACEs) (myocardial infarction, reintervention, and death). From March 2000 to June 2002 at 18 centers in Canada and Europe, 420 patients were ran-domized. Relative late luminal loss (Carbofilm 28.9 +/- 23.0% vs stainless steel 26.7 +/- 20.2%, p = 0.95) as the primary end point, absolute late luminal loss (1.00 +/- 0.72 vs 0.93 +/- 0.62 mm, p 0.95), net gain (1.32 +/- 0.82 vs 1.40 +/- 0.74 mm, p 0.75), and the degree of stenosis (40.7 +/- 22.9% vs 38.0 +/- 20. 1 %, p 0.92), as well as restenosis rates (23.5% vs 15.9%, p 0.09) and MACEs (20.1 % vs 13.7%, p = 0. 11) were not significantly different. Thus, the Carbofilm coating of stents does not lead to an improvement in angiogmphic results or a reduction of restenosis rate and MACEs. These results agree with other trials using inactive coatings on stents, which also could not demonstrate any advantage over pure stainless steel stents. (C)2004 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
Sudden cardiac death in the young: A strategy for prevention by targeted evaluation; The annual incidence of sudden cardiac death (SCD) in the general population is estimated as 1 in a 1,000. Since survival rates from out-of-hospital cardiac arrests are poor, primary prevention is key to reducing the burden of SCD in the community. Prominent causes of SCID include ischaemic heart disease, anomalous coronary arteries, and the primary myocardial diseases: hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, dilated cardiomyopathy, and arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy (ARVC). In 4% of sudden deaths in the 16-64 age group, postmortem examination fails to identify a cause, yielding a default diagnosis of sudden arrhythmic death syndrome (SADS). The inherited arrhythmia syndromes (long QT, short QT, and Brugada syndromes, and familial catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia) may be implicated in SAIDS, owing to their propensity for producing ventricular tachyarrhythmia in the structurally normal heart. Monogenic disorders therefore predominate as causes of SCID in the young. The advent of effective therapies for these diseases, particularly implantable cardioverter defibrillators, has prompted calls for universal screening to enable timely diagnosis of occult cardiac disease. Since prospective cardiac assessment of the general population is not feasible, the solution may be to target high-risk subgroups, namely, patients with cardiac symptoms, relatives of SCID victims, and competitive athletes. The recommended preliminary work-up includes a 12-lead ECG, signal-averaged ECG, transthoracic echocardiogram, exercise test, and ambulatory ECG monitoring. Cardiovascular magnetic resonance is a useful adjunct in patients with suspected ARVC or anomalous coronary arteries. Provocative challenge with a sodium challenge blocker may be of value in unmasking the Brugada syndrome. Identification of disease-causing mutations in affected individuals facilitates cascade screening of families. Copyright (c) 2006 S. Karger AG, Basel
Improvement of Cardiac Function by Intracoronary Freshly Isolated Bone Marrow Cells Transplantation in Patients With Acute Myocardial Infarction; Background: We analyzed in the present study the influence of intracoronary autologous freshly isolated bone marrow cells transplantation (BMCs-Tx) on cardiac function in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Methods and Results: The 32 patients with AMI were enrolled in this prospective nonrandomized study to either freshly isolated BMC-Tx or to a control group without cell therapy. Global left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) and the size of infarct area were determined by left ventriculography. We observed in patients with autologous freshly isolated BMCs-Tx at 6 months follow up a significant reduction of infarct size as compared to control group. Moreover, we found a significant increase of LVEF as well as infarct wall movement velocity at 6 months follow up in cell therapy group as compared to control group. In the control group there was no significant difference of LVEF, infarct size and infarct wall movement velocity between baseline and 6 months after AMI. Conclusions: These results demonstrate for the first time that intracoronary transplantation of autologous freshly isolated BMCs by use of a point of care system is safe, and may lead to improvement of cardiac function in patients with AMI. (Circ J 2011; 75: 683-691)
Outcome of women versus men with ventricular tachyarrhythmias treated with the implantable cardioverter defibrillator; Introduction: Important sex differences in the incidence and outcome of patients with ischemic heart disease, the leading cause of ventricular tachyarrhythmias, have been identified. Implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD) therapy has become the treatment of choice for patients with ventricular tachycardia (VT) and ventricular fibrillation (VF), but little is known about gender differences in the outcome of ICD-treated patients. Methods and Results: In this retrospective study, we compared arrhythmic events and survival of 376 women and 1,654 men treated with an ICD as part of prospective evaluations of transvenous devices or lead systems. Women were younger (62 +/- 14 years vs 65 +/- 12 years, P = 0.0005), had higher left ventricular ejection fraction (0.36 +/- 0.15 vs 0.32 +/- 0.13, P < 0.0001), were more likely to present with VF (34% vs 19%, P < 0.001), and had lower implantation defibrillation threshold (11 +/- 6 vs 13 +/- 6 J, P < 0.0001). Implant complication rates were similar in men and women (2.6% vs 3.5%, P = 0.46). The 1-year and 2-year cumulative rates of appropriate ICD therapies were 31.4% and 38.4% for men and 32.6% and 40.8% for women, respectively (P = 0.63). The unadjusted 1-year and 2-year cumulative survival rates were 95.6% and 93.7% for men and 95.7% and 94.3% for women, respectively (P = 0.98). Adjusted total (P = 0.61), sudden (P = 0.82), and cardiac (P = 0.34) death-free survivals also were similar in men and women. Conclusion: Despite clinical differences suggesting women are at lower risk than men, men and women with VT/VF who are treated with an ICD have similar arrhythmic event and survival rates. These factors should be considered when determining risk and prescription of ICD therapy for women.
Deficient Zinc Levels and Myocardial Infarction; The purpose of this study is to clarify the association between Zn levels and myocardial infarction (MI) using a meta-analysis approach. We searched articles in the PubMed, OVID, and ScienceDirect published as of November 2014. Thirteen eligible articles with 2886 subjects from 41 case-control studies were identified. Overall, pooled analysis indicated that subjects with MI had lower Zn levels than healthy controls (standardized mean difference (SMD) = -1.848, 95 % confidence interval (CI) = [-2.365, -1.331]). Further subgroup analysis found that subjects with MI had lower Zn levels than healthy controls in serum (SMD = -1.764, 95 % CI = [-2.417, -1.112]) and hair (SMD = -3.326, 95 % CI = [-4.616, -2.036]), but not in toenail (SMD = -0.396, 95 % CI = [-1.114, 0.322]). The subgroup analysis stratified by type of Zn measurement found a similar pattern in inductively coupled plasma-atomic absorption spectrometry (ICP-AAS) (SMD = -2.442, 95 % CI = [-3.092, -1.753]), but not in neutron activation analysis (NAA) (SMD = -0.449, 95 % CI = [-1.127, 0.230]). Lower Zn levels in MI patients were found both in male (SMD = -3.350, 95 % CI = [-4.531, -2.169]) and female (SMD = -2.681, 95 % CI = [-3.440, -1.922]). And the difference of Zn levels according to MI in Asia (SMD = -2.555, 95 % CI = [-3.267, -1.844]) was greater to that among the population in Europe (SMD = -0.745, 95 % CI = [-1.386, -0.104]), but no difference was found in Oceania (SMD = -0.255, 95 % CI = [-0.600, 0.089]). In conclusion, this meta-analysis indicates that there is a significant association between Zn deficiency and MI. We suggest that a community-based, long-term observation in a cohort design should be performed to obtain better understanding of causal relationships between Zn and MI, through measuring hair Zn at baseline to investigate whether the highest zinc category versus lowest was associated with MI risk.
Defective recovery of QT dispersion predicts late cardiac mortality after percutaneous coronary intervention; Background It has been suggested that corrected QT dispersion (cQTD) provides a measure of repolarisation inhomogeneity; however, the existence of a relationship between cQTD and cardiac outcomes is controversial. Objective To assess whether changes in cQTD following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) predict long-term survival. Design Prospective observational study. Setting Single tertiary care centre. Main outcome measures Cardiac mortality. Patients 612 patients had a 12-lead ECG recorded before and 6 h after PCI, and were followed-up for 49610 months. Results PCI was associated with a significant overall reduction of cQTD at 6 h versus baseline (p<0.001); a reduction in cQTD occurred in 343 patients (56%). During the follow-up, 46 deaths (7.5%) were recorded, 21 of which for non-cardiac and 25 for cardiac causes. At Cox regression analysis, a reduced Delta cQTD (cQTD baseline - 6 h) was an independent predictor of cardiac mortality (HR=1.497; 95% CI 1.081 to 2.075 for each 20 ms decrease; p=0.015), together with age (HR=1.672; 95% CI 1.039 to 2.691 per 10 years increase; p=0.034), diabetes (HR=2.622; 95% CI 1.112 to 6.184; p=0.028), peak CK-MB (HR=1.798; 95% CI 1.063 to 3.039 per each unit increase over normal level; p=0.029), three-vessel coronary artery disease (HR=3.626; 95% CI 1.079 to 12.187; p=0.037) and the number of treated lesions (HR=2.066; 95% CI 1.208 to 3.532; p=0.008). Patients in the lowest tertile of Delta cQTD and having a post-procedural increase of CK-MB had a considerably higher cardiac mortality than the remaining population (14.6 vs 2.4%, p<0.001). Conclusions cQTD decreases after PCI. A defective cQTD recovery, suggesting the persistence of repolarisation inhomogeneities, predicts long-term cardiac mortality.
Does diabetes mellitus impact prognosis after transcatheter aortic valve implantation? Insights from a meta-analysis; Background: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is well known to increase mortality in several cardiovascular diseases. However, the prognostic impact of DM following transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI) remains controversial. We sought to assess the impact of DM on perioperative (in-hospital or 30-day) complications and mid-term (>= 1 year) all-cause mortality after TAVI through meta-analysis. Methods: A comprehensive literature search of PUBMED and EMBASE was conducted through January 1st 2002 to May 15th 2016. Articles that reported adjusted hazards ratio (HRs) or unadjusted HR for midterm all-cause mortality with 95% confidence intervals (Cis) of DM or insulin dependent DM (IDDM) on mid-term all-cause mortality post TAVI were included in the analysis. A meta-analysis was performed with combination of both adjusted HR and un-adjusted HR. Sensitivity analysis was performed with only the adjusted HR. Random-effects model was used to calculate the pooled effect size. Results: A total of 22 observational cohort studies were identified with 28,440 (8998 DM and 19,442 non-DM) patients. The risk of perioperative complications (myocardial infarction, bleeding, major vascular complications, stroke, and new-onset atrial fibrillation) was similar between DM and non-DM cohorts. A meta-analysis of all-cause mortality of DM (19 studies after excluding 3 studies that only reported HR of IDDM on mid-term all-cause mortality, 8808 DM and 17,829 non-DM patients) resulted in significantly worse outcome (HR 1.21, 95%Cl 1.10-1.34, p = 0.0002,I-2 = 53%) in DM patients compared to non-DM patients post-TAVI. Sensitivity analysis showed consistent results. Subgroup analysis (4 studies with 267 IDDM versus 2161 non-IDDM) demonstrated that IDDM was associated with higher all-cause mortality (HR 2.05, 95%0 1.54-2.73, p < 0.00001, I-2 = 0%) following TAVI. Conclusions: DM was associated with similar perioperative complications but was associated with increased mid-term all-cause mortality after TAVI. Further study of the causes of increased mortality during the follow-up may lead to improved outcome. (C) 2017 Japanese College of Cardiology. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Efficacy and safety of abacavir-containing combination antiretroviral therapy as first-line treatment of HIV infected children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Abacavir is one of the recommended nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NRTIs) for the treatment of HIV infections among children and adolescents. However, there are concerns that the antiviral efficacy of abacavir might be low when compared to other NRTIs especially among children. There are also concerns that abacavir use may lead to serious adverse events such as hypersensitivity reactions and has potential predisposition to developing cardiovascular diseases Methods: We searched four electronic databases, four conference proceedings and two clinical trial registries in August 2014, without language restrictions. Experimental and observational studies with control groups that examined the efficacy and safety of abacavir-containing regimens in comparison with other NRTIs as first-line treatment for HIV-infected children and adolescents aged between one month and eighteen years were eligible. Two authors independently screened search results, extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of included studies using a pre-specified, standardised data extraction form and validated risk of bias tools. We also assessed the quality of evidence per outcome with the GRADE tool. Results: We included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and two analytical cohort studies with a total of 10,595 participants. Among the RCTs we detected no difference in virologic suppression after a mean duration of 48 weeks between abacavir- and stavudine-containing regimens (2 trials; n = 326: RR 1.28; 95 % CI 0.67-2.42) with significant heterogeneity (P = 0.02; I-2 = 81 %). We also found no significant differences between the two groups for adverse events and death. After five years of follow-up, virologic suppression improved with abacavir (1 trial; n = 69: RR 1.96; 95 % CI 1.11-3.44). For cohort studies, we detected that the virologic suppression activity of abacavir was less effective than stavudine in both the lopinavir/ritonavir (1 study, n = 2165: RR 0.79, 95 % CI 0.67-0.92) and efavirenz sub-groups (1 study, n = 3204: RR 0.79, 95 % CI 0.67-0.92) respectively. The quality of evidence from RCTs was moderate for virologic suppression but low for death and adverse events, while that of cohort studies was low for all three these outcomes. Conclusions: Available evidence showed little or no difference between abacavir- containing regimen and other NRTIs regarding efficacy and safety when given to children and adolescents as a first- line antiretroviral therapy.
Zinc and copper status and blood pressure; In order to elucidate the relationships between Zn and Cu and blood pressure, the present case-control study was carried out. Zn and Cu status was evaluated in 60 subjects, pharmacologically untreated, affected by mild stable hypertension and in 60 normotensives matched for sex, age and smoking habits. Different markers of Zn and Cu status, including serum, erythrocyte and urine levels of the two trace elements and activities of some Zn- or Cu-dependent enzymes (alkaline phosphatase, lactic dehydrogenase, superoxide dismutase and lysyl oxidase) were evaluated. No significant difference between hypertensives and normotensives was observed in the mean levels of Zn and Cu as well as in Zn- or Cu-dependent enzymes, though higher levels of serum copper were associated with increased risk of hypertension. Interesting relationships between the biological parameters investigated were observed in the hypertensive subjects. Inverse correlations between blood pressures and serum Zn were observed. Furthermore, blood pressure was inversely related to lysyl oxidase activity. These findings give further support to the hypothesis that an imbalance of Zn and Cu bioavailability may be associated to hypertensive condition.
CLINICAL-APPLICATION OF CARDIAC RISK INDEXES - HOW TO AVOID MISLEADING NUMBERS; Perioperative cardiac complications are associated with a high mortality rate.  During the preoperative assessment the anaesthetist must determine if the patient is at risk so that appropriate interventions can be made to ensure the best possible outcome.  Over the past three decades several indices have been proposed to identify the surgical patient at risk of cardiac morbidity or mortality.  These indices can be thought of as diagnostic tests which determine the likelihood of perioperative cardiac complication.  In this article the authors review the epidemiological basis of diagnostic tests and apply this theory to three currently available indices of perioperative risk:  the American Society of Anesthesiologists physical status classification, the Goldman multifactorial cardiac risk index and a modified version devised by Detsky.  A case history describing a surgical patient with unstable angina is first presented to show how different indices can lead to different predictions.  These indices are then analysed as if they were diagnostic tests to predict cardiac complications after surgery.  The characteristics of diagnostic tests such as sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative predictive values, and receiver operating characteristic curves are described and applied to the indices.  Basic principles such as odds ratio, likelihood ratio and their relation to prevalence and post-test probability are also presented.  This overview will help the anaesthetist to understand the limitations of risk indices as predictors of adverse cardiac outcome and to apply these scales more effectively to individual patients at different institutions.
Associations between Cardioembolic Stroke and Obstructive Sleep Apnea; Study Objectives: To assess etiology of ischemic stroke in patients with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) compared with controls. This information may aid in determining how OSA increases stroke risk and facilitate recurrent stroke prevention in patients with OSA. Design: Retrospective, case-control study. Setting: Academic tertiary referral center. Patients: Consecutive patients who underwent polysomnography and had an ischemic stroke within 1 year were identified. Stroke subtype was determined using two validated algorithms. Polysomnographic results were used to separate patients into OSA cases and controls. Information regarding cardiovascular risks, neuroimaging, and echocardiographic data were collected. Interventions: N/A. Measurements and Results: In 53 subjects, cardioembolic (CE) strokes were more common among OSA cases than controls (72% versus 33%, P = 0.01). The majority of CE strokes occurred in those with moderate to severe OSA. Atrial fibrillation (AF) was more frequent in OSA cases (59% versus 24%, P = 0.01). The association between OSA and CE stroke remained significant after controlling for AF (P = 0.03, odds ratio 4.5). Conclusions: There appears to be a strong association between obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and cardioembolic (CE) stroke. In patients with OSA presenting with cryptogenic stroke, high clinical suspicion for CE is warranted. This may lead to consideration of diagnostic studies to identify CE risk factors such as paroxysmal atrial fibrillation (AF). CE strokes are more common in patients with OSA even after adjusting for AF. This finding may reflect a high rate of occult paroxysmal AF in this population; alternatively, OSA may lead to CE strokes through mechanisms independent of AF.
Impact of epicardial adipose tissue volume quantified by non-contrast electrocardiogram-gated computed tomography on ergonovine-induced epicardial coronary artery spasm; Objective: Endothelial dysfunction of the coronary artery is thought to lead to the development of coronary spasms. Epicardial adipose tissue may be a marker of coronary atherosclerosis. This study investigated the diagnostic impact of epicardial fat volume (EFV), quantified with non-contrast electrocardiogram (ECG)-gated computed tomography (CT), on ergonovine-induced coronary spasms. Methods: We included 97 patients with suspected coronary spastic angina who underwent ECG-gated CT and an ergonovine provocation test. The EFV was measured with CT data sets using dedicated software. Coronary spasm was defined as total or subtotal occlusion (compared with the relaxed state after nitroglycerin) that was associated with ischemic ECG changes and concurrent chest pain. Results: Coronary spasms were observed in 27 patients (28%). The EFV was significantly higher in patients with spasms compared with those without spasms (175.0 +/- 57.8 cm(3) vs. 129.7 +/- 57.8 cm(3), p < 0.01). Univariate logistic regression analyses indicated significant relationships between coronary spasms and EFV (per 10 cm(3), odds ratio (OR): 1.13; p < 0.01), male gender (OR: 3.34; p < 0.01), and smoking (OR: 3.42; p < 0.01). In the multi-variate model, EFV (per 10 cm(3), OR: 1.10; p = 0.03) and male gender (OR: 5.94; p = 0.02) remained significant predictors of coronary spasm. The optimal EFV threshold for predicting coronary spasm was 149.4 cm(3), identified with a receiver operating characteristic curve. Conclusions: Increased EFV was associated with ergonovine-induced epicardial coronary artery spasms. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Ischemic Stroke and Impact of Thyroid Profile at Presentation: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Observational Studies; Background: Stroke is the fifth leading cause of mortality in the United States and a leading cause of disability. A complex relationship between thyroid hormone levels and severity of, and outcome after, stroke has been described. Aim: Our objective is to identify the association between baseline thyroid function profile and outcome after acute ischemic stroke. Methods: Studies looking at the association between thyroid function and functional stroke outcomes were identified from available electronic databases from inception to December 16, 2016. Studyspecific risk ratios were extracted and combined with a random effects model meta-analysis. Results: In the analysis of 12 studies with 5218 patients, we found that subclinical hypothyroidism was associated with better modified Rankin scale scores at 1 and 3 months (odds ratio [OR] 2.58, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.13-5.91, P =.03 and OR 2.28, 95% CI 1.13-3.91, P =.003, respectively) compared with the euthyroid cases. Likewise, patients with higher initial thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TSH) and fT3 or T3 levels had favorable outcomes at discharge (mean differences of TSH.12 [95% CI.03-. 22, P =.009] and of fT3.36 (CI.20-. 53, P <.0001]) and at 3 months (mean differences of TSH.25 [95% CI.03-. 47, P =.03] and of T3 8.60 [CI 4.58-12.61, P <.0001]). Conclusions: Elevated initial TSH (clinical or subclinical hypothyroidism) may correspond to better functional outcomes, whereas low initial T3/fT3 might correlate with worse outcomes in acute ischemic stroke among clinically euthyroid patients. This complex relation merits further well-designed investigations. Whether correcting thyroid profile with hormone supplementation or antagonism may lead to improved outcomes will require large, prospective, interventional studies.
The scientific foundation for tobacco harm reduction, 2006-2011; Over the past five years there has been exponential expansion of interest in tobacco harm reduction (THR), with a concomitant increase in the number of published studies. The purpose of this manuscript is to review and analyze influential contributions to the scientific and medical literature relating to THR, and to discuss issues that continue to stimulate debate. Numerous epidemiologic studies and subsequent meta-analyses confirm that smokeless tobacco (ST) use is associated with minimal risks for cancer and for myocardial infarction; a small increased risk for stroke cannot be excluded. Studies from Sweden document that ST use is not associated with benign gastrointestinal disorders and chronic inflammatory diseases. Although any form of nicotine should be avoided during pregnancy, the highest risks for the developing baby are associated with smoking. It is documented that ST use has been a key factor in the declining rates of smoking and of smoking-related diseases in Sweden and Norway. For other countries, the potential population health benefits of ST are far greater than the potential risks. In follow-up studies, dual users of cigarettes and ST are less likely than exclusive smokers to achieve complete tobacco abstinence, but they are also less likely to be smoking. The health risks from dual use are probably lower than those from exclusive smoking. E-cigarette users are not exposed to the many toxicants, carcinogens and abundant free radicals formed when tobacco is burned. Although laboratory studies have detected trace concentrations of some contaminants, it is a small problem amenable to improvements in quality control and manufacturing that are likely with FDA regulation as tobacco products. There is limited evidence from clinical trials that e-cigarettes deliver only small doses of nicotine compared with conventional cigarettes. However, e-cigarette use emulates successfully the cigarette handling rituals and cues of cigarette smoking, which produces suppression of craving and withdrawal that is not entirely attributable to nicotine delivery. THR has been described as having "the potential to lead to one of the greatest public health breakthroughs in human history by fundamentally changing the forecast of a billion cigarette-caused deaths this century."
Sleep-disordered breathing in patients with decompensated heart failure; Sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) has a higher prevalence in patients with heart failure than in the general middle-aged population. Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), one of the forms of SBD, promotes poorly controlled hypertension, coronary events, and atrial fibrillation events that can lead to acutely decompensated heart failure (ADHF), and evidence suggests that untreated OSA increases mortality in patients with heart failure. Cheyne-Stokes respiration and central sleep apnea (CSA) have long been associated with heart failure and, in many patients, can coexist with OSA. In this article, we propose a systematic approach to diagnose and treat OSA in patients with ADHF based on current evidence.
Relationship of Diabetic Retinopathy with Coronary Artery Disease in Asian Indians with Type 2 Diabetes: The Chennai Urban Rural Epidemiology Study (CURES) Eye Study-3; Objectives: This study assessed the relationship between diabetic retinopathy (DR) and coronary artery diseases (CAD) in Asian Indians, who are known to be at high risk of CAD and diabetes but have lower prevalence of DR. Subjects and Methods: Type 2 diabetes subjects (n=1,736) were selected from the urban component of the population-based Chennai Urban Rural Epidemiology Study Eye Study. Four-field stereo retinal color photography was done, and DR when present was classified according to the Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study grading system. Among the 1,723 subjects with gradable fundus photographs, 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) was performed in 1,602 individuals, and analysis was restricted to this group. CAD was diagnosed based on documented medical history of CAD or Minnesota coding of ECGs. Results: The prevalence of CAD was significantly higher among subjects with DR compared with those without (11.3% vs. 6.7%; P=0.007). A significant association was observed between DR and CAD in subjects with glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels >7% (P=0.002). After controlling for age and gender, only hard exudates were associated with CAD (P=0.032). Logistic regression analysis revealed that even after adjusting for age, gender, HbA1c, mean arterial blood pressure, smoking, serum cholesterol, triglyceride, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, DR was significantly associated with CAD among the study subjects (odds ratio [OR]=1.58; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.00-2.49; P=0.049) and those subjects with duration of diabetes >10 years (OR=4.06; 95% CI, 1.55-10.60; P=0.004). Conclusions: This cross-sectional study shows a significant association between DR and CAD in South Indian subjects with type 2 diabetes.
High-intensity interval training is not superior to other forms of endurance training during cardiac rehabilitation; Background High-intensity interval training has recently emerged as superior to continuous endurance training in cardiac rehabilitation upon other training regimes. Individually tailored continuous endurance training and pyramid training could induce comparable effects on peak work capacity as high intensity interval training. Design A prospective, randomized study. Methods Effects of the following isocaloric cycle ergometer protocols on peak work capacity have been assessed in patients with coronary artery disease (n=60) during 6 weeks of outpatient cardiac rehabilitation, i.e. 18 supervised sessions of exercise training: (1) continuous endurance training (n=20): 33min at 65-85% peak heart rate; (2) high intensity interval training (n=20): 4x4min intervals at 85-95% peak heart rate, each followed by 3min of active recovery at 60-70% peak heart rate; (3) pyramid training (n=20): 3x8min of stepwise load increase and subsequent decrease from 65-95-65% peak heart rate, supplemented by 2min recovery at 60-70% peak heart rate between pyramids. All protocols were preceded by 5min of warm-up and followed by 5min cool-down at 60-70% peak heart rate. Results Attendance during exercise sessions was 99.2%. There were significant increases in peak work capacity of comparable magnitude in all three training groups (begin vs. end: continuous endurance training: 136.049.6W vs. 163.4 +/- 60.8W (21.1 +/- 8.5%); high-intensity interval training: 141.0 +/- 60.4W vs. 171.1 +/- 69.8W (22.8 +/- 6.6%); pyramid training: 128.7 +/- 50.6W vs. 158.5 +/- 57.9W (24.8 +/- 10.8%); within groups all p<0.001; between groups, p=not significant). Conclusion Endurance training protocols assessed in this study all led to significant increases in peak work capacity of comparable magnitude. Our findings suggest that these protocols can be used interchangeably, which will lead to further individualization of exercise prescription and may therefore result in improved adherence to lifelong behavioural changes.
Predictors of myocardial damage prior to hospital admission among patients with acute chest pain or other symptoms raising a suspicion of acute coronary syndrome; Aim To evaluate factors which, prior to hospital admission, predict the development of acute coronary syndrome or acute myocardial infarction among patients who call for an ambulance due to suspected acute coronary syndrome. Design Prospective observational study. Methods All the patients who called for an ambulance due to suspected acute coronary syndrome in South Hospital's catchment area in Stockholm and in the Municipality of Goteborg between January and November 2000, were included. On arrival of the ambulance crew, a blood sample was drawn for bedside analysis of serum myoglobin, creatine kinase (CK)MB and troponin-I. A 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) was simultaneously recorded. Results In all, 538 patients took part in the survey. Their mean age was 69 years and 58% were men. In all, 307 patients (57.3%) had acute coronary syndrome and 158 (29.5%) had acute myocardial infarction. Independent predictors of the development of acute coronary syndrome were a history of myocardial infarction (P=0.006), angina pectoris (P=0.005) or hypertension (P=0.017), ECG changes with ST elevation (P<0.0001), ST depression (P<0.0001) or T-wave inversion (P=0.012) and the elevation of CKMB (P=0.005). Predictors of acute myocardial infarction were being a man (P=0.011), ECG changes with ST elevation (P<0.0001) or ST depression (P<0.0001), the elevation of CKMB (P<0.0001) and a short interval between the onset of symptoms and blood sampling (P=0.010). Conclusion Among patients transported by ambulance due to suspected acute coronary syndrome, predictors of myocardial damage can be defined prior to hospital admission on the basis of previous history, sex, ECG changes, the elevation of biochemical markers and the interval from the onset of symptoms until the ambulance reaches the patient.
Telemedicine used for remote prehospital diagnosing in patients suspected of acute myocardial infarction; Introduction. In patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI), considerable time elapses from symptom onset until initiation of thrombolytic therapy or primary percutaneous coronary intervention. Prehospital diagnosing can reduce time delays, and remote diagnosing using telemedicine may be appropriate in areas and countries where ambulances are not staffed with physicians. Objectives. To evaluate whether it was technically feasible for physicians at a remote university hospital to diagnose ST-segment-elevation-AMI (AMI(STelev)) in patients suspected of AMI, who were transported by ambulances to a local hospital. To determine associated prehospital delays and in-hospital treatment delays. Methods. Patients carried in telemetry equipped ambulances had 12-lead electrocardiograms (ECGs) acquired as soon as possible. En route to the local hospital the ECGs were transmitted to a remote university hospital, by use of the GSM-system. The physician on call at the university hospital interviewed the patients, who were provided with cellular phone headsets, and alerted the local hospital if signs of AMI(STelev), bundle-branch-block-AMI or malignant arrhythmia were detected. Patients transported by traditional ambulances were included in a prospective control group. Results. In 214 (86%) of 250 patients prehospital diagnosing was successful. Geographically related transmission problems were the primary reason for failure. Ninety-eight per cent of transmitted electrocardiograms and obtained history takings were technically acceptable for diagnostic purposes. Door-to-needle times were shorter amongst patients with AMI(STelev) who were subjected to prehospital diagnosing (n=13) as compared with patients transported by traditional ambulances (n=14) (38 vs. 81 min) (P=0.004). Conclusions. It was technically feasible to use telemedicine for remote prehospital diagnosing of patients suspected of AMI. Patients subjected to prehospital diagnosing had shorter door-to-needle times compared with a prospective control group.
P-Wave Terminal Force in Lead V<sub>1</sub> Predicts Paroxysmal Atrial Fibrillation in Acute Ischemic Stroke; Background: Detection of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation (PAF) in cryptogenic stroke is critical to selecting an antithrombotic therapy for preventing recurrent stroke. However, the predictor of PAF in patients with acute ischemic stroke is not well elucidated. P-wave terminal force in lead V-1 (PTFV1) is a standard electrocardiogram marker of left atrial abnormality. In this study, we aimed to investigate the utility of PTFV1 for the prediction of PAF in patients with acute ischemic stroke. Methods: The study included 295 consecutive patients who had acute ischemic stroke and were admitted to the hospital between September 2014 and August 2016. Patients with a known history of PAF, persistent atrial fibrillation, or cardiac pacemaker were excluded from the study. The clinical characteristics of patients with or without PAF were compared, and multiple logistic regression analysis was performed to assess the independent contribution of each variable. Results: Among 226 patients eligible for our analysis, 16 (7.1%) were diagnosed with PAF after admission. PTFV1 was significantly higher in patients with PAF than those without PAF (. 051 versus.027 mm.s; P <.001). Multivariate analysis showed that PTFV1 per.01 mm.s increase was strongly associated with PAF (odds ratio, 1.61; 95% confidence interval, 1.24-2.09; P <.001). The optimal cutoff value of PTFV1 for the prediction of PAF was.04 mm.s. Conclusions: PTFV1 is a strong predictor of PAF detection in acute ischemic stroke.
Strategies for the management of diabetic dyslipidaemia; Atherosclerosis, the complication most prominently associated with type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, represents a major burden for both individuals and society. Mortality rates associated with cardiovascular disease among patients with type 2 diabetes are at least 3 times those in the general population, and although 'traditional' cardiovascular risk factors affect patients with this disorder as they do other individuals, they do not account for the excess risk attached to type 2 diabetes. There is a growing body of evidence to show that hyperglycaemia and dyslipidaemia are connected with this excess cardiovascular risk: hypertriglyceridaemia has been implicated in several prospective clinical studies, and available data suggest that low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol is more atherogenic in patients with type 2 diabetes than in other individuals. It is possible that this increased atherogenicity is associated with a preponderance of small, dense LDL particles that are more prone to oxidation and glycation than larger fractions and that may be involved in endothelial dysfunction. These findings lead to the recommendation of mandatory global risk assessment, accompanied by good glycaemic control, aggressive lowering of serum levels of LDL-cholesterol and maintenance of serum levels of triglyceride at the lowest possible level in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Differential diagnosis at admission between Takotsubo cardiomyopathy and acute apical-anterior myocardial infarction in postmenopausal women; Background: Takotsubo cardiomyopathy (TTC) typically affects postmenopausal women and clinically presents with chest pain, ST-segment elevation, elevated cardiac enzymes and apical left ventricular (LV) wall motion abnormalities that mimic apical-anterior' acute myocardial infarction (AMI). This study assessed whether at-admission clinical evaluation helps in differential diagnosis between the two conditions. Methods: The study compared at-admission clinical, electrocardiographic (ECG) and echocardiographic findings of 31 women (median age 67 years, interquartile range (IQR) 62-76) with typical TTC and 30 women (median age 73 years, IQR 61-81) with apical-anterior AMI due to acute occlusion of the mid/distal left anterior descending coronary artery. Results: Women with TTC significantly more often showed PR-segment depression (62% versus 3%, p<0.001), J-waves (26% versus 3%, p=0.03), maximum ST-segment elevation 2 mm (84% versus 37%, p<0.001) and ST-segment elevation in lead II (42% versus 10%, p=0.01) than those with AMI. At multivariate analysis, PR-segment depression (odds ratio (OR)=37.2, 95% confidence interval (CI)=3.4-424, p=0.002) and maximum ST-segment elevation 2 mm (OR=11.1, 95% CI=1.7-99.4, p=0.01) remained the only independent predictors of TTC and the co-existence of both parameters excluded AMI with a 100% specificity. The two groups did not differ with regard to age, first troponin-I value, echocardiographic LV ejection fraction and distribution of hypo/akinetic LV segments. Conclusions: At-admission electrocardiogram (but no clinical, laboratory and echocardiographic features) allows differential diagnosis between TTC and apical-anterior AMI in postmenopausal women. The combination of PR-segment depression and mild (2 mm) ST-segment elevation predicted TTC with greater accuracy than traditional parameters such as localisation of ST-segment elevation and reciprocal ST-segment depression.
Right Ventricular Involvement in Acute Left Ventricular Myocardial Infarction: Prognostic Implications of MRI Findings; OBJECTIVE. The purpose of this study was to investigate the prevalence and prognostic importance of the cardiac MRI finding of right ventricular involvement in patients with acute ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (MI). SUBJECTS AND METHODS. Fifty patients (41 men, nine women; mean age, 58 +/- 11 years) with first-ST-segment elevation MI underwent 1.5-T cardiac MRI immediately after successful percutaneous coronary intervention. The cardiac MRI protocol included steady-state free precession cine sequences for functional assessment of the left, right, and both ventricles and inversion recovery FLASH delayed enhancement sequences after contrast administration for the quantification of myocardial damage. The prevalence of right ventricular involvement detected with ECG and echocardiography was compared with the prevalence detected with cardiac MRI, which was the reference standard. Patients underwent follow-up for 32 +/- 8 months. RESULTS. Right ventricular involvement was diagnosed with cardiac MRI in 27 patients (54%): 14 of 30 patients (47%) with inferior ST-segment elevation MI and 13 of 20 patients (65%) with anterior ST-segment elevation MI. ECG and echocardiographic findings showed only moderate agreement with cardiac MRI findings in the detection of right ventricular involvement in inferior acute MI (kappa = 0.38). Patients with right ventricular involvement in anterior ST-segment elevation MI had larger infarcts (delayed enhancement, 25.9% +/- 14.5% vs 11.4% +/- 10.1%; p = 0.030), lower left ventricular ejection fraction (34.3% +/- 8.2% vs 45.2% +/- 9.5%; p < 0.015), and lower right ventricular ejection fraction (39.8% +/- 6.6% vs 54.9% +/- 8.8%; p < 0.001) than those without right ventricular involvement. In a multivariate logistic regression model, right ventricular involvement was a strong independent predictor (odds ratio, 15.8; 95% CI, 4-63%) of major cardiac adverse events. CONCLUSION. Right ventricular involvement in ST-segment elevation MI is detected more frequently with cardiac MRI than with ECG and echocardiography and is an independent prognostic indicator.
BIOLOGICAL PROPERTIES OF HUMAN SKELETAL MYOBLASTS GENETICALLY MODIFIED TO SIMULTANEOUSLY OVEREXPRESS THE PRO-ANGIOGENIC FACTORS VASCULAR ENDOTHELIAL GROWTH FACTOR-A AND FIBROBLAST GROWTH FACTOR-4.; Myocardial infarction results in cardiomyocyte loss and may eventually lead to cardiac failure. Skeletal myoblast transplantation into the scar area may compensate for this observed cell loss by strengthening the weakened myocardium and inducing myogenesis. Moreover, skeletal myoblasts may serve as potential transgene carriers for the myocardium (i.e., delivering pro-angiogenic factors, which may potentially improve blood perfusion in infarcted heart). We examined the influence of the simultaneous overexpression of two potent pro-angiogenic factors, fibroblast growth factor-4 (FGF-4) and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), on human primary myoblast proliferation, cell cycle, resistance to hypoxic stress conditions and myogenic gene expression, as well as the induction of pro-angiogenic activities. We used a bicistronic plasmid vector encoding two factors introduced via an efficient myoblast electroporation method. The levels of overexpressed proteins were assessed, and their functionality at capillary formation was evaluated. This combined approach led to a high level of non-viral transient overexpression of both pro-angiogenic proteins, which proved to be potent regulators of blood vessel development assayed in capillary formation tests. We demonstrated in in vitro conditions that the transfection of human skeletal myoblasts with both FGF-4 and VEGF did not affect their basic biological properties such as the cell cycle, proliferation or expression of myogenic lineage-specific genes, and the modified cells adapted to oxidative stress conditions. Overall, the results obtained suggest that the applied combined approach with the use of two pro-angiogenic genes overexpressed in skeletal muscle stem cells may be an interesting alternative for the effective therapy of myocardial infarction in animal models and/or prospective clinical trials.
Electrocardiographic prediction of the development and site of acute myocardial infarction in patients with unstable angina; Background: ST-T changes on 12-lead electrocardiograms (ECGs) in patients with unstable angina (UA) have limited values for prediction of subsequent acute myocardial infarction (AMI). The aim of the present study is to obtain more useful ECG signs during UA in predicting the risk and the site of AMI. Methods: ECGs were recorded from 238 consecutive patients with UA; 149 developed AMI, whereas 89 did not in the following 60 days after the UA episodes. P, ST-T and U wave changes in these AMI and non-AMI patients were analyzed retrospectively. Three groups of ECG leads were referred to reflect ischemic changes of anterior (V-1-V-5), lateral (I, aVL and V-6) and inferior (II, III, and aVF) left ventricular walls. To explore the site-dependent predictors, the 149 AMI patients were divided into two groups; group A/L with anterior, antero-septal, apical or lateral AMI, versus group I/P with inferior or posterior AMI. Results: ST depression greater than or equal to1 mm and abnormal T wave or U wave changes and P wave abnormalities were observed more frequently in AMI patients than non-AMI patients. On multivariate analysis, an independent ECG finding of the development of AMI was a biphasic U wave (odds ratio (OR) 5.4, 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.9-15.6, P=0.002) in the anterior leads. An inverted T wave (OR 5.1, 95%Cl, 1.7-15.5, P=0.0036) and a biphasic U wave (OR 6.0, 95%Cl, 2.2-16.1, P=0.0004) in the anterior leads were independent predictors of AMI in group A/L. There was no independent ECG predictor of group I/P. Conclusions: Biphasic U wave in anterior leads during UA is a useful ECG observation in the risk stratification of subsequent AMI. The independent ECG predictors of antero-lateral MI are inverted T wave and biphasic U wave. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Antiarrhythmic therapies for the prevention of sudden cardiac death; Despite remarkable advances in cardiovascular therapeutics, sudden cardiac death remains a significant problem. In this review, data from clinical trials and other studies on antiarrhythmic therapies have been evaluated in order to determine effective strategies for the prevention of sudden cardiac death in high risk patients. Overall, routine prophylactic use of class I antiarrhythmic agents in high risk patients, mostly survivors of acute myocardial infarction, is associated with increased risk of death [61 trials, 23 486 patients: odds ratio (OR) 1.13; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.01 to 1.27, p < 0.05]. Conversely, beta-blockers are associated with highly significant reductions in risk of death in postinfarction patients (56 trials, 53 521 patients: OR 0.81; 95% CI 0.75 to 0.87, p < 0.00001). Overall data from the amiodarone trials on high risk patients, including postinfarction patients, patients with congestive heart failure or survivors of cardiac arrest, suggest that this agent is effective in reducing the risk of death (14 trials, 5713 patients: OR 0.83; 95% CI 0.72 to 0.95, p = 0.01) although further studies are needed to better define which types of patients will potentially benefit most from this agent. No benefits were seen with calcium channel blockers (26 trials, 21 644 patients: OR 1.03; 95% CI 0.94 to 1.13, p = NS). The implantable cardioverter-defibrillator is a promising option for high risk patients, but definition of its role awaits the completion of ongoing clinical trials. Since causes of sudden death are heterogeneous, the clinician should pursue a multifactorial approach to its prevention. Primary and secondary prevention of cardiac ischaemia, through the treatment of cardiovascular risk factors and maximising the use of aspirin, beta-blockers, lipid-lowering drugs, and angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors after acute myocardial infarction, should lead to a future decrease in the incidence of sudden cardiac death.
QRS duration does not predict occurrence of ventricular tachyarrhythmias in patients with implanted cardioverter-defibrillators; OBJECTIVES The aim of this study was to determine whether QRS duration (QRSd) correlates with occurrence of ventricular arrhythmia in patients with coronary disease (CAD) receiving implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (ICDs). BACKGROUND A QRSd measured on a standard electrocardiograph (ECG) correlates with total mortality risk in CAD patients at high risk for sudden death; however, the relationship between QRSd and risk of ventricular tachyarrhythmias (ventricular tachycardia/ventricular fibrillation [VT/VF]) is unclear. METHODS PainFREE Rx II was a randomized trial, comparing efficacy of antitachycardia pacing versus shock therapy for VT/VF in patients receiving ICDs. We retrospectively correlated the QRSd and specific ECG conduction abnormalities on the 12-lead ECG at study entry with occurrence of VT/VF in 431 patients with CAD enrolled in the trial. RESULTS The QRSd was <= 120 ins in 291 of 431 (68%) patients. Left bundle branch block (LBBB) was present in 65 patients, right bundle branch block (RBBB) in 48 patients, and nonspecific intraventricular conduction delay (IVCD) was present in 124 patients. Over 12 months' follow-up, VT/VF occurred in 95 (22%) patients (22% of patients with QRSd <= 120 ms vs. 23% of patients with QRSd > 120 ms, p = NS). Patients with LBBB were less likely to experience at least one VT/VF episode than patients with QRSd < 120 ms. Patients with RBBB and nonspecific IVCD did not differ from patients with narrow QRS complexes with regard to occurrence of tachycardias. CONCLUSIONS The QRSd and ECG conduction abnormalities are not useful to predict ICD benefit in patients having the characteristics of our study population. The utility of QRSd to predict VT/VF events in patients with CAD requires further prospective evaluation. (c) 2005 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Meta-analysis of TAFI polymorphisms and risk of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases; Cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases (CCVDs) are common and have high rates of morbidity, mortality, and recurrence. Thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor (TAFI) is also known as carboxypeptidase B2 and is encoded by the CPB2 gene; CPB2 polymorphisms have been explored in a variety of studies, but their correlation to the risk of CCVDs remains ambiguous. We examined the hypothesized associations between CPB2 mutations and CCVDs in a general population. We searched, Embase, the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature, the Science Citation Index, and several Chinese databases without applying any language restrictions. Nine case-control studies were analyzed in the current meta-analysis, and odds ratios (ORs) with their 95% confidence intervals were calculated. The pooled ORs indicated that the CPB2 rs3742264 G>A polymorphism was associated with an increased risk of CCVDs in the allele model (all P values < 0.05). A similar result for the CPB2 rs1926447 C>T polymorphism and CCVDs risk was detected in the allele model (P < 0.05). Ethnicity subgroup analysis implied that the rs3742264 G>A polymorphism was more likely to lead to the development of cerebrovascular disease in Asians (all P values < 0.05), whereas rs1926447 C>T was associated with cardiovascular disease among Africans (all P values < 0.05). These data suggest that the polymorphisms investigated, especially rs3742264 G>A and rs1926447 C>T, have a modest effect on susceptibility to CCVDs.
CLINICAL PROFILE AND IN-HOSPITAL OUTCOME OF PATIENTS WITH RIGHT VENTRICULAR MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION IN INFERIOR WALL MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION; BACKGROUND The present study deals with the clinical profile of right ventricular infarction as diagnosed by right precordial electrocardiography in patients with acute inferior wall myocardial infarction. Recognition of the syndrome of RVI is important, as it identifies a significant clinical entity which is associated with and is an independent predictor of major complications and in hospital mortality after acute IWMI. The main purpose of this study was to become aware of RVI and its complications like hypotension, arrhythmias and conduction disorders, which not only need appropriate therapy but also requires avoidance of inappropriate therapy, which may reduce right ventricular filling pressure and cardiac output further worsening the condition. Aims and Objective - The study emphasises on the incidence of RVMI in patients of acute inferior wall MI using right precordial ECG, the clinical profile of patients with RVMI in acute IWMI and to study the incidence of complications in patients of acute IWMI. MATERIALS AND METHODS This is a prospective study carried out on patients admitted with inferior wall MI in our tertiary care hospital from March 2015 to May 2016. At the time of admission, a seventeen lead ECG consisting of twelve conventional leads and additional right precordial leads V3R, V4R, V5R, V6R was taken and subsequent recordings were made for conventional and right precordial leads. RESULTS Out of 90 patients of acute IWMI admitted to ICCU Department of Medicine, 25 patients were diagnosed with RVMI (28%). Patients were continuously monitored during hospital stay and their serial ECGs clinical course and response to treatment were analysed. There was five times increased incidence of mortality in patients of IWMI with RVMI as compared to no RVMI. Complications like cardiogenic shock, various arrhythmia viz. AV block, VT were higher in RVMI group. CONCLUSION RVMI occurs in a significant number of patients with inferior wall MI. It can be easily diagnosed with considerable accuracy by a simple bedside routine 12-lead ECG along with right-sided ECG leads. Early diagnosis of RVMI can prevent fatal complications like high degree heart blocks, ventricular arrhythmias, cardiogenic shock and high in-hospital mortality. Patients who survive the acute phase have no long-term consequences and complete recovery over a period of weeks to months is the rule in majority. Therefore, right-sided ECG should be taken routinely in all patients of IWMI.
Procalcitonin and Midregional Proatrial Natriuretic Peptide as Biomarkers of Subclinical Cerebrovascular Damage: The Northern Manhattan Study; Background and Purpose-Chronic infections and cardiac dysfunction are risk factors for stroke. We hypothesized that blood biomarkers of infection (procalcitonin) and cardiac dysfunction (midregional proatrial natriuretic peptide [MRproANP]), previously associated with small vessel stroke and cardioembolic stroke are also associated with subclinical cerebrovascular damage, including silent brain infarcts and white matter hyperintensity volume. Methods-The NOMAS (Northern Manhattan Study) was designed to assess risk factors for incident vascular disease in a multiethnic cohort. A subsample underwent brain magnetic resonance imaging and had blood samples available for biomarker measurement (n= 1178). We used logistic regression models to estimate the odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) for the association of these biomarkers with silent brain infarcts after adjusting for demographic, behavioral, and medical risk factors. We used linear regression to assess associations with log-white matter hyperintensity volume. Results-Mean age was 70 +/- 9 years; 60% were women, 66% Hispanic, 17% black, and 15% were white. After adjusting for risk factors, subjects with procalcitonin or MR-proANP in the top quartile, compared with the lowest quartile were more likely to have silent brain infarcts (adjusted odds ratio for procalcitonin, 2.2; 95% CI, 1.3-3.7 and for MR-proANP, 3.3; 95% CI, 1.7-6.3) and increased white matter hyperintensity volume (adjusted mean change in log-white matter hyperintensity volume for procalcitonin, 0.29; 95% CI, 0.13-0.44 and for MR-proANP, 0.18; 95% CI, 0.004-0.36). Conclusions-Higher concentrations of procalcitonin, a marker of infection, and MR-proANP, a marker of cardiac dysfunction, are independently associated with subclinical cerebrovascular damage. If further studies demonstrate an incremental value for risk stratification, biomarker-guided primary prevention studies may lead to new approaches to prevent cerebrovascular disease.
THROMBOLYTIC THERAPY; All patients with symptoms and ECG findings suggestive of acute myocardial infarction (AMI) should be considered for treatment with thrombolytic agents. The decision to use thrombolytic therapy is a clinical judgment based upon a weighing of the potential benefits versus the possible risks. The physician must take into account relative contraindications, age of the patient, area of jeopardized myocardium, and duration of symptoms. Health professionals involved in the care of AMI patients should develop written plans and protocols addressing the following matters:  identification of patients with chest pain in the prehospital setting (this applies to hospitals that receive patients from emergency medical services systems), triage of patients in the emergency department, obtaining the 12-lead electrocardiogram, determination of contraindications, authority for ordering thrombolytic therapy, and consultation for atypical cases. There also should be agreed standards for the time interval from arrival in the ED to administration of the thrombolytic agent, as well as a commitment to the prospective monitoring of procedures and times to assure continuous improvement. A time interval for treatment (arrival in ED to administration of drug) of 30 to 60 minutes should be achievable for patients who present with typical symptoms and ECG findings.
Is High-Intensity Statin Therapy Associated With Lower Statin Adherence Compared With Low- to Moderate-Intensity Statin Therapy? Implications of the 2013 American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association Cholesterol Management Guidelines; BackgroundThe recent cholesterol guideline recommends high-intensity statins in cardiovascular disease (CVD) patients. High-intensity statins are associated with more frequent side effects. Therefore, it may be of concern that these recommendations might reduce statin adherence. HypothesisHigh-intensity statins are associated with lower adherence compared with low- to moderate-intensity statins. MethodsIn a national database of 972532 CVD patients from the Veterans Health Administration, we identified patients receiving statins between October 1, 2010, and September 30, 2011. We assessed statin adherence by calculating proportion of days covered (PDC) and determined whether high-intensity statin therapy was independently associated with a lower PDC. ResultsStatins were prescribed in 629005 (64.7%). Of those, 229437 (36.5%) received high-intensity statins. Mean PDC (0.87 vs 0.86, P < 0.0001) and patients with PDC 0.80 (76.3% vs 74.2%, P < 0.0001) were slightly higher for those receiving low- to moderate-intensity compared with high-intensity statins. In adjusted analyses, high-intensity statin use was associated with a significant but modest PDC reduction compared with low- to moderate-intensity statin use, whether PDC was assessed as a continuous (-coefficient: -0.008, P < 0.0001) or categorical (PDC 0.80 [odds ratio: 0.94, 95% confidence interval: 0.93-0.96]) measure of statin adherence. ConclusionsAn approach of high-intensity statin therapy will lead to a significant practice change, as the majority of CVD patients are not on high-intensity therapy. However, this change may be associated with a very modest reduction in statin adherence compared with low- to moderate-intensity therapy that is unlikely to be of clinical significance.
Availability, performance, and functionality of telemedical data transfer by ambulance services. Prospective, single center analysis of telemedical 12-channel ECG and real-time vitality data using mobile services in an urban setting; Treatment of acute coronary syndrome and stroke in a prehospital setting benefits from telemedical procedures. This study investigates the availability and performance of telemedical data transfer and audiocommunication of different providers in an urban ambulance service using a commercial system. After approval of the local ethic committee, the monitor and defibrillation units of two emergency vehicles were equipped with subscriber identity module (SIM) cards from different providers. After initiation by a mobile call, data transmission of static (12-lead ECG) and dynamic (live vital) data from 120 ambulance calls where sent to a physician-staffed call center. The quality of data transfer and functionality were rated using a standardised (5-point scale) questionnaire. Of 120 trouble-free mobile call data transfers initiated, 117 were included. Transmission of the live vital data were significantly different (p = 0.0327) in quality of live vital data transmission between Telekom (median 2.0; range 1-4, 1 = no technical interference and 4 = teleconsultation impossible [5 = no documentation]) and Vodafone 2.5. Overall, the quality of the live data transmission was acceptable in 83 % of the cases. For the 12-lead ECG, data transmission was possible in 89 % (n = 32, Telekom) and 88 % (n = 36, Vodafone) of all transmissions. The performance of static and dynamic telemedical data transmission in an urban area were significantly different for the two providers. Data transmission for telemedical use was possible in slightly less than 90 % of cases. Against the background that telemedical applications are being increasingly used, technical requirements to ensure availability and functionality in terms of patients safety are necessary.
Pre-hospital 12 Lead ECG to Triage ST Elevation Myocardial Infarction and Long Term Improvements in Door to Balloon Times: The First 1000 Patients From the MonAMI Project; Background: Pre-hospital ECG is one strategy to improve door to balloon times (D2BT), however its long term effectiveness to sustain reductions in D2BT has not been evaluated. Methods: From 2007 to 2011 we conducted a prospective interventional study involving 1000 patients undergoing primary PCI (PPCI) at a single tertiary referral institution to determine the long term impact of pre-hospital 12 lead ECG on D2BT. Results: The median D2BT of patients (n = 414) who underwent PPCI following field 12-lead ECG was 54 min [IQR: 37-71 min] compared to the median time of a contemporary group (n = 586) undergoing PPCI during the same period but not presenting via field triage of 100 min [74-134] (p <0.001). The proportion of patients who achieved a D2BT of <= 90 min in the pre-hospital ECG group was greater than that in the contemporary group (90% vs 42%, p <0.001). A comparison of the first 250 patients compared to subsequent 250 patient blocks showed no change in D2BT. Conclusions: Introduction of pre-hospital ECG in the triage of STEMI resulted in a sustained reduction in D2BT. (C) 2013 Australian and New Zealand Society of Cardiac and Thoracic Surgeons (ANZSCTS) and the Cardiac Society of Australia and New Zealand (CSANZ). Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Attempt to determine the restrictions of ankle - brachial index and usefulness of elevated anklebrachial index in patients treated on an internal medicine ward; The ankle-brachial index (ABI) is used in the screening diagnosis of peripheral artery disease (PAD). Lower limb ischemia is diagnosed if ABIa parts per thousand currency sign0.9. However, persons with ABI > 1.4 also suffer from leg ischemia. Not taking this into consideration may lead to diagnostic mistakes and an underestimation of cardiovascular risk. This study addresses the analysis of clinical conditions related to an elevated ABI. One hundred and twenty-two randomly chosen subjects over 50 were treated in internal medicine ward were studied using questionnaire and ABI determination. Forty-four (34%) patients had elevated ABI > 1.4 and in 23 (19%) subjects ABI wasa parts per thousand currency sign0.9. Patients with ABI > 1.4, in comparison to individuals with 0.9 < ABIa parts per thousand currency sign 1.4, presented significantly greater BMI, more atherosclerosis risk factors, more prevalent past stroke and angina pectoris. In comparison to patients with ABIa parts per thousand currency sign0.9, they showed higher blood pressure and lower LDL cholesterol concentration. In the diagnosis of ABI > 1.4, lack of palpable pulse in at least one lower limb artery had a sensitivity of 6.8%, specificity of 91%, PPV of 30%, NPV of 63.4%, a likelihood ratio positive 0.75 and for negative 1.02; pulse pressure above 55mmHg had similar low diagnostic yield, respectively: 36.4%, 71.8%, 42.1%, 66.7%, 1.29 and 0.89. In logistic regression only LDL value was a significant predictive factor for elevated ABI, but with a very low odds ratio value for separate increments. In the diagnosis of lower limb ischemia and connected cardiovascular risk, ABI determination should be obligatory, besides atherosclerosis risk factors, peripheral pulse and pulse amplitude determination.
ADIPOSE FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION AND THE RISK OF SERIOUS VENTRICULAR ARRHYTHMIAS IN ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION; The relation between subcutaneous adipose tissue fatty acid composition and serious ventricular arrhythmias during acute myocardial infarction was studied in 2 groups of patients. In group 1 (n = 42), studied retrospectively, patients with ventricular fibrillation or tachycardia had a higher concentration of long-chain saturated fatty acids than those without (32.5 .+-. 0.8% vs 29.7 .+-. 0.4% [mean .+-. standard error of the mean], p < 0.01). In a prospective study, patients with arrhythmias (n = 106) had higher levels of long-chain saturated fatty acids (32.1 .+-. 0.5% vs 30.7 .+-. 0.4%, p < 0.05) and of stearic acid (4.9 .+-. 0.2% vs 4.4 .+-. 0.1%, p < 0.02) and a lower concentration of palmitoleic acid (7.3 .+-. 0.3% vs 8.1 .+-. 0.2%, p < 0.005). When peak plasma creatine kinase concentrations were included with the individual fatty acid levels in a multiple logistic regression, only creatine kinase correlated significantly with ventricular arrhythmias (p < 0.01). Thus, saturated fatty acids in cardiac membranes may lead to greater vulnerability to ventricular arrhythmias, although infarct size is the only statistically significant predictor after multiple regression analysis.
Acute chest pain - a stepwise approach, the challenge of the correct clinical diagnosis; Study objective: To assess the safety and the accuracy of a 4 h stepwise diagnostic approach relying on clinical judgement in unselected patients with acute chest pain. Design: Prospective cohort study. Setting: Emergency department (ED) of a tertiary care university hospital. Patients: 1288 unselected patients presenting with acute chest pain. Interventions: After history and physical examination, clinical judgement (step 1), governed the need for further patient evaluation: baseline 12 lead electrocardiogramm, (ECG) and laboratory examinations (step 11), serial 12 lead ECG and laboratory examinations after 4 h (step 111), and 4 h troponin T measurement (step IV) to exclude or to confirm a coronary origin of chest pain. Patients were followed clinically for 6 months for future occurrence of cardiac events (myocardial infarction, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA), CABG, cardiac death), any death and for accuracy of the ED diagnosis in non-coronary chest pain patients. Measurements and results: Chest pain was diagnosed to be coronary in origin in 381 and non-coronary in 907 patients, respectively. Cardiac events occurred during follow up in 240 (19%) of 1288 patients, in 233 of 381 (61%) with presumed coronary and seven of 907 (1%) with presumed non-coronary chest pain. Sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value and negative predictive value for correct detection of coronary chest pain were 97, 86, 61 and 99%, respectively. In non-coronary chest pain patients the agreement between the ED diagnosis and the final diagnosis was good (kappa = 0.71, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.67-0.75). Conclusions: The 4 h stepwise approach guided by clinical judgement was safe for ruling out impending cardiac events in unselected patients with acute chest pain. However, more extensive evaluation is necessary for accurate rule-in of coronary chest pain. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
A Prospective Study of Bone Lead Concentration and Death From All Causes, Cardiovascular Diseases, and Cancer in the Department of Veterans Affairs Normative Aging Study; Background-Blood lead concentration has been associated with mortality from different causes in several studies. Many effects of lead exposure that might increase risk of death are likely to result from cumulative exposure, for which bone lead is a better biomarker than blood lead. The association between bone lead levels and mortality has not been explored. Methods and Results-We prospectively assessed the association between both blood lead and bone lead, analyzed with the use of K-shell x-ray fluorescence, and mortality among 868 men in the Normative Aging Study. We identified 241 deaths over an average of 8.9 (SD = 3.9) years of follow-up. We calculated adjusted hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals using Cox proportional hazards. Compared with the lowest tertile of patella bone lead, the fully adjusted hazard ratios in the highest tertile for all-cause and cardiovascular mortality (n = 137 deaths) were 2.52 (95% confidence interval, 1.17 to 5.41) and 5.63 (95% confidence interval, 1.73 to 18.3), respectively. The age-, smoking-, and race-adjusted hazard ratio for ischemic heart disease mortality (n = 62 deaths) in the highest tertile was 8.37 (95% confidence interval, 1.29 to 54.4). Results were similar for tibia lead. Bone lead was not associated with cancer, and blood lead was not associated with any mortality category. Conclusions-We found bone lead to be associated with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality in an environmentally exposed population with low blood lead levels. This study suggests that cumulative lead exposure from prior decades of high environmental exposures continues to significantly affect risk of death despite recent declines in environmental lead exposure. (Circulation. 2009; 120: 1056-1064.)
Complications in Acute Stroke in India (CAST-I): A Multicenter Study; The prognosis and final outcome in patients who sustain stroke are significantly affected by medical complications occurring during the acute phase of stroke. Only limited information is available from India and other developing countries regarding acute complications of stroke. This study examined the frequency of acute stroke and the factors associated with complications of stroke in India. In this prospective multicenter study, running from March 2008 to September 2009, 6 hospitals collected information on complications of first-ever stroke during admission. Complications were defined in accordance with standard criteria. Outcome at 30 days poststroke was assessed using the modified Rankin Scale. Stroke characteristics, length of hospital stay, and stroke severity (based on the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale) were documented. Hematologic (ie, hemoglobin) and biochemical (ie, total proteins and albumin) parameters also were obtained. A total of 449 patients out of the recruited 476 completed follow-up. The mean age was 58.1 +/- 13.7 years (range, 16-96 years), and the majority were men (n=282; 62.8%). The mean National Institutes of Stroke Scale score was 10.2 +/- 5.3. Overall, 206 patients (45.9%) experienced complications during admission. In the logistic regression analysis, limb weakness (odds ratio [OR], 0.12; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.02-0.67; P=.01), anemia (OR, 0.35; 95% CI, 0.15-0.81; P=.01), length of hospital stay (OR, 0.89; 95% CI, 0.85-0.94; P<.0001), and stroke severity (OR, 0.27; 95% CI, 0.10-0.72; P=.01) were the variables associated with complications. Such complications as urinary tract infection (OR, 0.31; 95% CI, 0.13-0.78; P=.01), chest infection (OR, 1.81; 95% CI, 1.12-2.93; P=.02), bedsores (OR, 3.52; 95% CI, 1.02-12.08; P=.05), other pain (OR, 0.21; 95% CI, 0.09-0.49; P<.0001), and depression (OR, 2.22; 95% CI, 1.30-3.80; P<.01) were associated with poor outcome. Our study shows high rates of complication in acute stroke. Limb weakness, stroke severity, length of hospital stay, and anemia were the factors associated with complications. Other complications, such as urinary tract infection, chest infection, bedsores, other pain, and depression, can lead to poor outcome.
Surgical specialty and outcomes for carotid endarterectomy: evidence from the National Surgical Quality Improvement Program; Background: Carotid endarterectomy (CEA) has been performed since the 1950s and remains one of the most common surgical procedures in the United States. The procedure is performed by cardiothoracic, general, neurologic, and vascular surgeons. This study uses data from the National Surgical Quality Improvement Program (NSQIP) to examine the outcomes after CEA when performed by general or vascular surgeons. Materials and methods: Data included 34,493 CEAs from years 2005 to 2010 recorded in the NSQIP database. Primary outcomes measured were length of stay, 30-d mortality, surgical site infection, cerebrovascular accident, myocardial infarction, and blood transfusion requirement. Secondary outcomes measured were the remaining intraoperative outcomes from the NSQIP database. Results: After controlling for patient and surgical characteristics, patients treated by general surgeons did not have a significantly different LOS or 30-d mortality than those treated by vascular surgeons. Patients of general surgeons had nearly twice the risk of acquiring a surgical site infection (odds ratio [OR] = 1.94; P = 0.012), >1.5 times the risk of cerebrovascular accident (OR = 1.56; P = 0.008), and >1.8 times the risk of blood transfusion (OR = 1.85; P = 0.017) than those of vascular surgeons. Patients of general surgeons had less than half the risk of having a myocardial infarction (OR = 0.34; P = 0.031) than those of vascular surgeons. Conclusions: Surgical specialty is associated with a wide range of postoperative outcomes after CEA. Additional research is needed to explore practice and cultural differences across surgical specialty that may lead to outcome differences. (C) 2014 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Predictors of cardiovascular risk among patients with type 1 diabetes: A critical analysis of the metabolic syndrome and its components; Patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D) are at increased risk for cardiovascular diseases. The metabolic syndrome (MetS), a complex disorder defined by a cluster of interconnected factors including abdominal obesity, hypertension, dyslipidaemia and insulin resistance, has been proposed to identify patients with T1D at high cardiovascular risk. The MetS has been identified in 8-45% of patients with T1D, depending on the definition and cohort studied. However, clinicians and researchers face several issues with the criteria for MetS in patients with T1D, therefore questioning its value in routine care. For example, three criteria can lead to overestimation of MetS prevalence; the impaired fasting glucose criterion is irrelevant as it is automatically fulfilled; and the widespread use of antihypertensive and lipid-lowering medications for cardiac and renal preventative purposes can contribute to overestimations of the prevalence of raised blood pressure and elevated triglycerides. In cross-sectional studies, the MetS has been associated mostly with an increased risk of microvascular complications whereas, in prospective cohorts, the predictive value of MetS for micro- and macrovascular outcomes has been inconsistent. While identifying diabetes patients at increased risk for cardiovascular complications and early mortality is crucial from a prevention standpoint, for patients with T1D, the current definition of MetS may not be the most suitable tool. The aims of the present report are to review the applicability and limitations of the MetS in patients with T1D, and to discuss alternative avenues to identify high-risk patients. (C) 2017 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Role of Health Insurance Status in Interfacility Transfers of Patients With ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction; Lack of health insurance is associated with interfacility transfer from emergency departments for several nonemergent conditions, but its association with transfers for ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI), which requires timely definitive care for optimal outcomes, is unknown. Our objective was to determine whether insurance status is a predictor of interfacility transfer for emergency department visits with STEMI. We analyzed data from the 2006 to 2011 Nationwide Emergency Department Sample examining all emergency department visits for patients age 18 years and older with a diagnosis of STEMI and a digposition of interfacility transfer or hospitalization at the same institution. For emergency department visits with STEMI, our multivariate logistic regression model included emergency department disposition status (interfacility transfer vs hospitalization at the same institution) as the primary outcome, and insurance status (none vs any [including Medicare, Medicaid, and private insurance]) as the primary exposure. We found that among 1,377,827 emergency department STEMI visits, including 249,294 (18.1%) transfers, patients without health insurance (adjusted odds ratio 1.6, 95% CI 1.5 to 1.7) were more likely to be transferred than those with insurance. Lack of health insurance status was also an independent risk factor for transfer compared with each subcategory of health insurance, including Medicare, Medicaid, and private insurance. In conclusion, among patients presenting to United States emergency departments with STEMI, lack of insurance was an independent predictor of interfacility transfer. In conclusion, because interfacility transfer is associated with longer delays to definitive STEMI therapy than treatment at the same facility, lack of health insurance may lead to important health disparities among patients with STEMI. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Electrocardiography changes in acute aortic dissection-association with troponin leak, coronary anatomy, and prognosis; Background: Electrocardiography (ECG) offers some information that may be used to prognosticate acute type A aortic dissection (AAOD) for short- and long-term mortality. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the electrocardiograms of patients with AAOD admitted from March 2004 to March 2015. The frequency of ECG findings and their prognostic value on hospital and follow-up mortality were investigated. Findings pertaining to coronary involvement and troponin level were also examined. Results: A total of 120 men and 64 women were admitted. Acute ischemic changes were reported in 38.0%, whereas T inversion was the most common recorded abnormality, which occurred in 38.6%. Acute ST-elevation myocardial infarction was detected in 16.3%. Troponin increased in 36.6%; 21.9% of the patients underwent coronary angiography among which 70% were normal. Coronary involvement or troponin increase was not different in patients with acute ECG changes. During hospitalization, 45.7% of the patients died. In multivariate analyses, ST elevation in lead aVR was associated with higher hospital death (odds ratio, 5.30; 95% confidence interval, 1.09-25.73; P = .038), whereas QRS greater than 120 milliseconds was associated with long-term mortality (hazard ratio, 2.45; 95% confidence interval, 1.25-3.76; P = .006). Conclusion: Acute ischemic ECG changes are common in AAOD, anda completely normal ECG is infrequently encountered. Acute ECG changes were not associated with the increased troponin or the presence of coronary lesions in angiography. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Identification of four gene variants associated with myocardial infarction; Family history is a major risk factor for myocardial infarction (MI). However, known gene variants associated with MI cannot fully explain the genetic component of MI risk. We hypothesized that a gene-centric association study that was not limited to candidate genes could identify novel genetic associations with MI. We studied 11,053 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in 6,891 genes, focusing on SNPs that could influence gene function to increase the likelihood of identifying disease-causing gene variants. To minimize false-positive associations generated by multiple testing, two studies were used to identify a limited number of nominally associated SNPs; a third study tested the hypotheses that these SNPs are associated with MI. In the initial study (of 340 cases and 346 controls), 63 7 SNPs were associated with MI (P <.05); these were evaluated in a second study (of 445 cases and 606 controls), and 31 of the 637 SNPs were associated with MI (P <.05) and had the same risk allele as in the first study. For each of these 31 SNPs, we tested the hypothesis that it is associated with MI, using a third study (of 560 cases and 891 controls). We found that four of these gene variants were associated with MI (P <.05; false-discovery rate < 10%) and had the same risk allele as in the first two studies. These gene variants encode the cytoskeletal protein palladin (KIA0992 [odds ratio (OR) 1.40]), a tyrosine kinase (ROS1 [OR 1.75]), and two G protein-coupled receptors (TAURSO [OR 1.58] and OR13G1 [OR 1.40]); all ORs are for carriers of two versus zero risk alleles. These findings could lead to a better understanding of MI pathophysiology and improved patient risk assessment.
Relationship between dementia and length of stay of general medical patients admitted to acute care; Objective: To determine the contributing factors that lead to increased length of stay (LOS) of patients with dementia. Methods: A case-controlled study in a tertiary metropolitan hospital general medical unit was conducted. Patients were aged 65 and over, 26 cases with dementia were identified and 26 controls without dementia were randomly selected. Results: The mean (+/- SD) LOS for patients with dementia was significantly longer than for those without dementia (20.59 +/- 15.38 days vs. 9.6 +/- 6.45 days, P = 0.02). In addition to dementia, severity of illness, referral to the aged care assessment team, and day of week admitted were also significant independent Predictors of increased LOS. Conclusion: Reasons for increased LOS of patients with dementia remain unclear. Cognitive impairment due to dementia is likely to increase within the context of an increasing and ageing population. Specific strategies may be required within in-hospital clinical pathways to assist the needs of this group.
Image Quality of Cardiac Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Patients With an Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator System Designed for the Magnetic Resonance Imaging Environment; Background-Recently, magnetic resonance (MR)-conditional implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD) systems have become available. However, associated cardiac MR image (MRI) quality is unknown. The goal was to evaluate the image quality performance of various cardiac MR sequences in a multicenter trial of patients implanted with an MR-conditional ICD system. Methods and Results-The Evera-MRI trial enrolled 275 patients in 42 centers worldwide. There were 263 patients implanted with an Evera-MRI single-or dual-chamber ICD and randomized to controls (n=88) and MRI (n=175), 156 of whom underwent a protocol-required MRI (9-12 weeks post implant). Steady-state-free-precession (SSFP) and fast-gradient-echo (FGE) sequences were acquired in short-axis and horizontal long-axis orientations. Qualitative and quantitative assessment of image quality was performed by using a 7-point scale (grades 1-3: good quality, grades 6-7: nondiagnostic) and measuring ICD- and lead-related artifact size. Good to moderate image quality (grades 1-5) was obtained in 53% and 74% of SSFP and FGE acquisitions, respectively, covering the left ventricle, and in 69% and 84%, respectively, covering the right ventricle. Odds for better image quality were greater for right ventricle versus left ventricle (odds ratio, 1.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.5-2.2; P<0.0001) and greater for FGE versus SSFP (odds ratio, 3.5; 95% confidence interval, 2.5-4.8; P<0.0001). Compared with SSFP, ICD-related artifacts on FGE were smaller (141+/-65 versus 75+/-57 mm, respectively; P<0.0001). Lead artifacts were much smaller than ICD artifacts (P<0.0001). Conclusions-FGE yields good to moderate quality in 74% of left ventricle and 84% of right ventricle acquisitions and performs better than SSFP in patients with an MRI-conditional ICD system. In these patients, cardiac MRI can offer diagnostic information in most cases.
Electrocardiographic left atrial abnormalities and risk of ischemic stroke; Background and Purpose: We evaluated the association between electrocardiographic left atrial abnormality (ECG-LAA) and ischemic stroke, especially whether ECG-LAA provides additional prognostic information to that provided by echocardiography. Methods: A population-based, case-control study included 146 patients with first ischemic stroke and 195 age-, gender-, and race/ethnicity-matched community control subjects. ECG-LAA was defined as either P-wave duration > 120 ms or P-terminal force in precordial lead V-1 (PTFV1) > 40 ms(.)mm. Results: PTFV1 > 40 ms(.)mm was associated with ischemic stroke after adjustment for other stroke risk factors (odds ratio [OR], 2.32; 95% CI, 1.29 to 4.18). The association remained significant after adding echocardiographic left atrial diameter to the model (OR, 2.31; 95% CI, 1.28 to 4.17). PTFV1 was independently associated with stroke in patients in the upper half of echocardiographically determined left ventricular mass (adjusted OR, 4.5; 95% CI, 2.20 to 9.15) but not in those in the lower half (OR, 0.58; 95% CI, 0.20 to 1.65; P = 0.0008). Conclusions: ECG-LAA can supplement 2D echocardiography in assessing the risk of ischemic stroke, especially in subjects with increased left ventricular mass.
A Randomized Trial of Intraarterial Treatment for Acute Ischemic Stroke; BACKGROUND In patients with acute ischemic stroke caused by a proximal intracranial arterial occlusion, intraarterial treatment is highly effective for emergency revascularization. However, proof of a beneficial effect on functional outcome is lacking. METHODS We randomly assigned eligible patients to either intraarterial treatment plus usual care or usual care alone. Eligible patients had a proximal arterial occlusion in the anterior cerebral circulation that was confirmed on vessel imaging and that could be treated intraarterially within 6 hours after symptom onset. The primary outcome was the modified Rankin scale score at 90 days; this categorical scale measures functional outcome, with scores ranging from 0 (no symptoms) to 6 (death). The treatment effect was estimated with ordinal logistic regression as a common odds ratio, adjusted for prespecified prognostic factors. The adjusted common odds ratio measured the likelihood that intraarterial treatment would lead to lower modified Rankin scores, as compared with usual care alone (shift analysis). RESULTS We enrolled 500 patients at 16 medical centers in the Netherlands (233 assigned to intraarterial treatment and 267 to usual care alone). The mean age was 65 years (range, 23 to 96), and 445 patients (89.0%) were treated with intravenous alteplase before randomization. Retrievable stents were used in 190 of the 233 patients (81.5%) assigned to intraarterial treatment. The adjusted common odds ratio was 1.67 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.21 to 2.30). There was an absolute difference of 13.5 percentage points (95% CI, 5.9 to 21.2) in the rate of functional independence (modified Rankin score, 0 to 2) in favor of the intervention (32.6% vs. 19.1%). There were no significant differences in mortality or the occurrence of symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage. CONCLUSIONS In patients with acute ischemic stroke caused by a proximal intracranial occlusion of the anterior circulation, intraarterial treatment administered within 6 hours after stroke onset was effective and safe. (Funded by the Dutch Heart Foundation and others; MR CLEAN Netherlands Trial Registry number, NTR1804, and Current Controlled Trials number, ISRCTN10888758.)
Frequency of electrocardiographic changes indicating myocardial ischemia during elective cesarean delivery with regional and general anesthesia: detection based on continuous Hotter monitoring and serum markers of ischemia; Study Objective: To determine the frequency of electrocardiographic (ECG) changes and to assess the occurrence of myocardial ischemia during elective cesarean delivery with either regional or general anesthesia. Design: Randomized, prospective, single-blinded clinical trial. Setting: Large referral hospital. Patients: 40 ASA physical status I and II term parturients. Interventions: Patients were divided randomly into two groups as follows: the regional anesthesia group (group 1, n = 20) and the general anesthesia group (group 2, n = 20). Measurements: In each case, continuous ECG was done using a 7-lead Holler monitor in the operating room, continuing for 24 hours after surgery. All Holler traces were analyzed by a study-blinded cardiologist. Blood samples were collected preoperatively (baseline) and at one, 5, and 24 hours postoperatively. Serum troponin T, creatinine kinase-MB, and myoglobin levels were measured. Main Results: Two patients in group 1 (10%) and one patient in group 2 (5%) showed one mm ST-segment depression for two to 5 minutes. In all 40 cases, troponin T levels were in the normal range at all time points studied. In both groups, mean serum creatinine kinase-MB and myoglobin levels at one and 5 hours postoperatively were significantly higher than at baseline (P < 0.05). These high CK-MB and myoglobin levels were returned to normal ranges at the end of the study period; none of these women showed ST-segment changes. Conclusion: The ST-segment changes are not frequent in healthy women undergoing elective cesarean delivery during either regional or general anesthesia, and we found no evidence of myocardial injury. (C) 2008 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Atrial Fibrillation in Chronic Hemodialysis Patients: Prevalence, Types, Predictors, and Treatment Practices in Greece; Atrial fibrillation (AF), the most common sustained arrhythmia in clinical practice, is associated with increased mortality and cardiovascular morbidity both in nonuremic and (recently) in dialysis patients. The aims of this study are: (i) to assess the prevalence of AF, the risk factors, and predictors of its presence in a cohort of incident hemodialysis (HD) patients in Greece and (ii) to report on current practices in the management of these patients. This is a prospective, cross-sectional, multicenter study of 574 patients on a regular HD program for >6 months. Demographic characteristics, cause of renal disease, cardiovascular risk factors, medication use, dialysis data (Kt/V, dialysis method, type of dialysate), 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) (interdialytic day), and cardiac echo data were collected. Pertinent demographic, ECG, and echocardiographic data were entered into univariate and multivariate analyses to evaluate associations with AF. The CHADS2 score (congestive heart failure [HF], hypertension, age >= 75, diabetes, previous stroke/transient ischemic attack [TIA]) was estimated and clinical practices in high-risk (CHADS2 score >= 2) patients were evaluated. The cohort included 368 men (64.1%) and 206 (35.8%) women (mean age 65.1 +/- 14.4 years) with a mean duration on dialysis of 72.1 +/- 60.4 months. Hypertension (75.6%) and coronary artery disease (47.2%) were the commonest cardiovascular risk factors for AF. The prevalence of AF was 23.2% and showed an age-dependent increase; in patients <50 years, AF was present in 9.3%, while in patients >= 80 years, its prevalence increased to 36.4%. Furthermore, 8.3% of patients had permanent, 1.8% persistent, 12.7% paroxysmal AF, while the prevalence of paroxysmal atrial flutter and sick sinus syndrome were 1.2 and 2%, respectively. Logistic regression analysis showed that age, smoking, left atrial and aortic root diameter, beta-blocker and alpha-calcidol use, HF, and the presence of valvular calcifications (VC) on cardiac echo were independently associated to the presence of AF. VC on cardiac echo had an almost sevenfold increased association with AF (odds ratio 6.72, 95% confidence interval 3.23-13.98, P < 0.0001). Only 25.5% of high-risk (CHADS2 score >= 2) patients were receiving anticoagulants. AF is a frequent arrhythmia in HD patients. Apart from well-known risk factors, VC merits special attention in this patient population. Less than one-third of high-risk AF patients receive anticoagulants, possibly reflecting the absence of definite guidelines for the management of AF in HD patients.
Potential mechanisms of prospective antimigraine drugs: A focus on vascular (side) effects; Currently available drugs for the acute treatment of migraine, i.e. ergot alkaloids and triptans, are cranial vasoconstrictors. Although cranial vasoconstriction is likely to mediate-at least a part of-their therapeutic effects, this property also causes vascular side-effects. Indeed, the ergot alkaloids and the triptans have been reported to induce myocardial ischemia and stroke, albeit in extremely rare cases, and are contraindicated in patients with known cardiovascular risk factors. In view of these limitations, novel antimigraine drugs devoid of vascular (side) effects are being explored. Currently, calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) receptor antagonists, which do not have direct vasoconstrictor effects, are under clinical development. Other classes of drugs, such as 5-HT1F receptor agonists, glutamate receptor antagonists, nitric oxide synthase inhibitors, VPAC/PAC receptor antagonists and gap junction modulators, have also been proposed as potential targets for acute antimigraine drugs. Although these prospective drugs do not directly induce vasoconstriction, they may well induce indirect vascular effects by inhibiting or otherwise modulating the responses to endogenous vasoactive substances. These indirect vascular effects might contribute to the therapeutic efficacy of the previously mentioned compounds, but may alternatively also lead to vascular side-effects. As described in the current review, some of the prospective antimigraine drugs with a proposed non-vascular mechanism of action may still have direct or indirect vascular effects. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Prevalence of metabolic syndrome using WHO, ATPIII and IN definitions in Asian indians: The Chennai Urban Rural Epidemiology Study (CURES-34); Aim To compare the prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MS) using the World Health Organisation (WHO), Adult Treatment Panel III (ATPIII) and International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria of MS in an urban south Indian population, and their ability to identify coronary artery disease (CAD) in males and females. Methods Chermai Urban Rural Epidemiology Study (CURES) is one of the largest epidemiological studies on diabetes carried out in India, in which 26001 individuals aged >= 20 years were screened using systematic random sampling method. Every tenth subject recruited in Phase 1 of CURES was requested to participate in Phase 3, and the response rate was 90.4%. An oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed in all individuals except self-reported diabetic subjects. Anthropometric measurements and lipid estimations were done in all subjects and the prevalence of MS estimated using the three criteria. Diagnosis of CAD, made by resting 12 lead ECG, was compared by the three criteria of MS. Results NIS was identified in 546 subjects (23.2%) by WHO criteria, 430 subjects (18.3%) by ATPIII criteria and 607 subjects (25.8%) by IDF criteria. Only 224 of these subjects were identified by all the three criteria. There was an increased risk of probable CAD in NIS subjects diagnosed by WHO criteria (odds ratio (OR) 3.86, 95% Confidence Interval (CI), 2.37-6.29, p < 0.001), compared to ATPHI criteria (OR 2.19, 95% CI 1.30-3.67, p < 0.05) and IDF criteria (OR 1.90, 95% CI 1.16-3.12, p < 0.05). The WHO criteria marked out a much higher population for CAD risk compared to ATPIII and IDF criteria in males, but not in females. Conclusion In Asian Indians, the WHO, ATPIII and IDF criteria of NIS identify different individuals. The WHO criteria identify a greater number of CAD subjects in males, but not in females. Copyright (c) 2006 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Infection and coronary heart disease; A large body of evidence exists that implicates a number of microbial agents in the pathogenesis of coronary heart disease (CHD), This, if proven, may have far-reaching implications for the prevention and treatment of CHD and other atherosclerotic disease, The histopathology of atherosclerosis and its natural history suggest infectious causation at many points along the progression of disease, particularly with regard to CHD, and a number of pathogens have been the focus of study, Viral agents implicated include Coxsackie B-4 virus, for which tenuous sero-epidemiological associations exist, and the Herpesviridae. The animal herpesvirus causing Marek's disease in chickens causes atherosclerotic lesions in these animals, Herpes simplex virus I and TI have been found in aortic smooth muscle and produce changes in vitro in smooth muscle that are similar to those seen at the beginning of atherosclerosis and which may also explain some of the features of atherosclerotic complications, Cytomegalovirus is implicated more strongly sero-epidemiologically by in-vivo detection in atherosclerotic lesions and by its links with post-cardiac transplant vasculopathy - a syndrome similar to atherosclerosis. Bacteria have also been shown to have links with CHD, Chlamydia pneumoniae and Helicobacter pylori have both been associated sero-epidemiologically with CHD, and these findings have been consolidated by recent work showing their presence in atherosclerotic lesions in adults, Bacterial infections in general lead to many changes in lipid, thrombic and other acute-phase protein metabolism, and some of these changes occur with both C. pneumoniae and H. pylori infections, The ubiquity and similar epidemiological features to CHD of all these microbial pathogens make the resolution of the causative issue impossible by retrospective means, All that can be shown at present are a variety of weak and strong links, the significance of which can only be determined by large and perhaps lifetime prospective studies.
Early, Accurate, Non-Invasive Predictors of Left Main or 3-Vessel Disease in Patients With Non-ST-Segment Elevation Acute Coronary Syndrome; Background: In patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes (NSTE-ACS), identification of left main and/or 3-vessel disease (LM/3VD) is crucial for deciding whether to initiate early treatment with clopidogrel, which can increase the risk of surgical bleeding. Methods and Results: On admission, the clinical factors of 501 patients with NSTE-ACS, who underwent coronary angiography, were evaluated. ST-segment shifts and the widest QRS duration were measured on an admission 12-lead electrocardiogram. Ninety-six patients had LM/3VD. Univariate analysis indicated that many factors were related to LM/3VD. On multivariate analysis, QRS duration (odds ratio (OR) 9.04, P<0.01), the degree of ST-segment elevation in lead aVR (OR 7.10, P<0.01), and positive-troponin T (OR 1.52, P<0.05) were independent predictors of LM/3VD. A QRS duration of >90 ms and a ST-segment elevation in lead aVR of >= 0.5 mm best identified LM/3VD. A QRS duration of >90 ms, a ST-segment elevation in lead aVR of >= 0.5 mm, and a positive-troponin T identified LM/3VD with sensitivities of 88%, 76%, and 54% (P<0.01), and specificities of 88%, 86%, and 71% (P<0.01), respectively. Conclusions: A prolonged QRS duration, ST-segment elevation in lead aVR, and a positive-troponin T on admission are useful predictors of LM/3VD in patients with NSTE-ACS. In particular, a maximal QRS duration of >90 ms was the most sensitive predictor of LM/3VD. (Circ J 2009; 73: 1105-1110)
The Tohoku Medical Megabank Project: Design and Mission; The Great East Japan Earthquake (GEJE) and resulting tsunami of March 11, 2011 gave rise to devastating damage on the Pacific coast of the Tohoku region. The Tohoku Medical Megabank Project (TMM), which is being conducted by Tohoku University Tohoku Medical Megabank Organization (ToMMo) and Iwate Medical University Iwate Tohoku Medical Megabank Organization (IMM), has been launched to realize creative reconstruction and to solve medical problems in the aftermath of this disaster. We started two prospective cohort studies in Miyagi and Iwate Prefectures: a population-based adult cohort study, the TMM Community-Based Cohort Study (TMM CommCohort Study), which will recruit 80 000 participants, and a birth and three-generation cohort study, the TMM Birth and Three-Generation Cohort Study (TMM BirThree Cohort Study), which will recruit 70 000 participants, including fetuses and their parents, siblings, grandparents, and extended family members. The TMM CommCohort Study will recruit participants from 2013 to 2016 and follow them for at least 5 years. The TMM BirThree Cohort Study will recruit participants from 2013 to 2017 and follow them for at least 4 years. For children, the ToMMo Child Health Study, which adopted a cross-sectional design, was also started in November 2012 in Miyagi Prefecture. An integrated biobank will be constructed based on the two prospective cohort studies, and ToMMo and IMM will investigate the chronic medical impacts of the GEJE. The integrated biobank of TMM consists of health and clinical information, biospecimens, and genome and omics data. The biobank aims to establish a firm basis for personalized healthcare and medicine, mainly for diseases aggravated by the GEJE in the two prefectures. Biospecimens and related information in the biobank will be distributed to the research community. TMM itself will also undertake genomic and omics research. The aims of the genomic studies are: 1) to construct an integrated biobank; 2) to return genomic research results to the participants of the cohort studies, which will lead to the implementation of personalized healthcare and medicine in the affected areas in the near future; and 3) to contribute the development of personalized healthcare and medicine worldwide. Through the activities of TMM, we will clarify how to approach prolonged healthcare problems in areas damaged by large-scale disasters and how useful genomic information is for disease prevention.
Regular or "super-aspirins"? A review of thienopyridines or aspirin to prevent stroke - Commentary; PURPOSE: To review the evidence for the effectiveness and safety of the thienopyridines (ticlopidine and clopidogrel) compared with aspirin for the prevention of vascular events among patients at high risk of vascular disease. BACKGROUND: Atherosclerosis and resultant cardiovascular disease are important causes of morbidity and mortality in older people. In particular, atherosclerosis of the cerebral arteries can lead to transient ischemic attacks (TIAs) and stroke. Stroke ranks as the third-leading cause of death in the United States and in 1997 was responsible for over 150,000 fatalities.(1) In addition to the mortality associated with this disease, stroke is also a leading source of long-term disability in survivors. Nearly 4.5 million stroke survivors are alive today,(1) highlighting the fact that primary, but also secondary, prevention are extremely important for minimizing the complications of this illness. For many years, aspirin has remained the single most cost-effective agent for the treatment and prevention of coronary and cerebral arterial thrombosis.(2,3) Despite its benefit, use of aspirin is associated with increased risk of bleeding, and treatment failures are known to occur. Therefore, for those patients who cannot tolerate or who experience treatment failure, a therapeutic dilemma arises. One option has been the use of ticlopidine, a thienopyridine antiplatelet agent initially approved for the secondary prevention of stroke but whose use has been limited by the significantly increased risk of adverse hematological effects.(4-6) Clopidogrel, an analogue of ticlopidine and the newest antiplatelet to be marketed for use in similar situations, appears to not carry this increased risk. The role of these so-called "super-aspirins" relative to traditional aspirin therapy remains ill defined. A systematic review of the evidence is presented for the efficacy and safety of ticlopidine and clopidogrel compared with aspirin for the prevention of vascular events among patients at high risk of vascular disease. DATA SOURCES: Specialized trial registers of the Cochrane Stroke Group and the Antithrombotic Trialist's Collaboration, MEDLINE, and Embase were searched. Additional unpublished information and data were sought from Sanofi, the pharmaceutical company that developed and manufactures ticlopidine and clopidogrel, as well as the principal investigators of the Clopidogrel versus Aspirin in Patients at Risk of Ischemic Events (CAPRIE) trial,(7) the largest of the trials identified. STUDY SELECTION CRITERIA: All unconfounded randomized trials comparing either ticlopidine or clopidogrel with aspirin among patients at high risk of vascular dis ease (those with symptoms of ischemia of the cerebral, coronary, or peripheral circulations) who were followed for at least 1 month for the recurrence of vascular events were included. DATA EXTRACTION: Data were extracted from four completed randomized trials completed in the past 20 years, which included 22,656 patients.(7-10) Two authors independently extracted the data from these trials for the following information: the types of patients enrolled; the entry and exclusion criteria; the randomization method; the number of patients originally allocated to the treatment and control groups; the method and duration of follow-up; the number of patients in each group lost to follow-up; information on compliance with the treatment allocated; the definitions of outcome events; the number of outcome events in each treatment group; and any method used for blinding patients, treating clinicians, and outcome assessors to treatment allocation. Each trial's own definitions of the various outcome events were used. The primary outcome of effectiveness was vascular events, defined as stroke, myocardial infarction, or death from a vascular cause. Secondary effectiveness outcomes were any stroke (ischemic or hemorrhagic), ischemic stroke, myocardial infarction, vascular death, or all-cause mortality. Adverse outcomes were hemorrhage (intracranial, extracranial, or gastrointestinal), neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, skin rash, and diarrhea. The data were analyzed by intention-to-treat and the results described by odds ratios and absolute risk reductions for the treatment group (thienopyridine) and control group (aspirin). A weighted estimate of the odds ratio for each outcome was calculated using the Peto observed-minus-expected method. Absolute risk reductions were calculated using the risk difference and expressed as events prevented per 1,000 patients treated. Statistical heterogeneity between trials was assessed with a standard chi-squared test. MAIN RESULTS: Four completed trials involving a total of 22,656 patients were identified. Aspirin was compared with ticlopidine in three trials (3,471 patients)(8-10) and with clopidogrel in one trial (19,185 patients).(7) A recent TIA or ischemic stroke was the qualifying event in 9,840 patients, a recent myocardial infarction in 6,302 patients, and symptomatic peripheral arterial disease in 6,514 patients. The average age of the patients was approximately 63, with approximately two-thirds of the patients being male and white. The duration of follow-up ranged from 12 to 40 months. For all patients at high risk of vascular disease, pooled results demonstrated that therapy with a thienopyridine produced a modest decrease in the odds of a serious vascular event compared with aspirin (12% vs 13% for aspirin; odds ratio (OR) 0.91, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.84-0.98; P =.01), corresponding to prevention or delay of 11 vascular events per 1,000 patients treated for approximately 2 years (95% CI 2-19). The odds of suffering any stroke were reduced in favor of the thienopyridine group (5.7% vs 6.4%; OR 0.88, 95% CI 0.79-0.98) compared with aspirin, corresponding to a prevention or delay of seven strokes per 1,000 patients treated for 2 years (95% CI 1-13). Nonsignificant trends in favor of thienopyridines compared with aspirin were also noted for reduction in ischemic stroke (OR 0.90, 95% CI 0.81-1.01), myocardial infarction (OR 0.88, 95% CI 0.76-1.01), vascular or unknown cause of death (OR 0.93, 95% CI 0.82-1.06), and death from any cause (OR 0.95, 95% CI 0.85-1.05). Analyses restricted to patients presenting with stroke or TW demonstrated that thienopyridines and aspirin produced similar benefits for the composite of all vascular events (16.8% for thienopyridine vs 18.3% far aspirin; OR 0.90, 95% CI 0.81-1.00), corresponding to the avoidance of 14 (95% CI 1-29) serious Vascular events per 1,000 patients treated for about 2 years. The risk of any stroke was decreased in the thienopyridine group compared with aspirin (10.4% for thioenopyridine vs 12.0% for aspirin; OR 0.86, 95% CI 0.75-0.97), corresponding to 16 (95% CI 3-28) strokes avoided per 1,000 patients treated. Antiplatelet therapy with thienopyridines and aspirin produced similar risks for intracranial hemorrhage (0.3% for thienopyridine vs 0.4% for aspirin; OR 0.82, 95% CI 0.53-1.27) and extracranial hemorrhage (8.8% for thienopyridine vs 8.9% for aspirin; OR 1.00, 95% CI 0.91-1.09). Compared with aspirin, thienopyridines were associated with significant reductions in the odds of gastrointestinal hemorrhage (1.8% for thienopyridine vs 2.5% for aspirin; OR 0.71, 95% CI 0.59-0.86) and indigestion/nausea/vomiting (14.8% for thienopyridine vs 17.1% for aspirin; OR 0.84, 95% CI 0.78-0.90) but the odds of diarrhea or skin rash were increased in the thienopyridine group. Compared with aspirin, clopidogrel was associated with a mild excess of skin rash (6.0% vs 4.6%; OR 1.3, 95% CI 1.2-1.5) and diarrhea (4.5% vs 3.4%, OR 1.3, 95% CI 1.2-1.6). Compared with aspirin, ticlopidine was associated with a moderate excess of skin rash (11.8% vs 5.5%, OR 2.2, 95% CI 1.7-2.9) and diarrhea (20.4% vs 9.9%, OR 2.3, 95% CT 1.9-2.8). Importantly, the risk of excess neutropenia was increased in the ticlopidine group (2.3% for: ticlopidine vs 0.8% for aspirin; OR 2.7, 95% CI 1.5-4.8). No increased risk was observed with clopidogrel compared with aspirin (0.1% vs 0.2%; OR 0.63, 95% CI 0.29-1.36). CONCLUSIONS: This systematic review demonstrates that, compared with aspirin, thienopyridines are only modestly more effective in preventing serious vascular events in high risk patients. For patients who are intolerant of, or allergic to aspirin, the available safety and efficacy data suggest that clopidogrel is an appropriate, but more-expensive, alternative antiplatelet drug. It appears safer than ticlopidine and as safe as aspirin but it should not replace aspirin as the first-choice antiplatelet agent for all patients. Further studies are necessary to determine which, if any, particular types of patients would benefit most and least from clopidogrel instead of aspirin.
ASYMPTOMATIC CARDIAC ISCHEMIA PILOT (ACIP) STUDY - IMPACT OF ANTI-ISCHEMIA THERAPY ON 12-WEEK REST ELECTROCARDIOGRAM AND EXERCISE TEST OUTCOMES; Objectives. This report from the Asymptomatic Cardiac Ischemia Pilot (ACIP) study examines differences in the magnitude of reduction of myocardial ischemia as determined by exercise treadmill testing in patients randomized to three different treatment strategies: angina-guided medical therapy, ischemia-guided medical therapy and coronary revascularization, Background. No prospective randomized clinical trials in patients with exercise electrocardiographic (ECG) abnormalities and asymptomatic cardiac ischemia on ambulatory ECG monitoring have compared the impact of different treatment strategies, including coronary revascularization, in terms of reducing myocardial ischemia. Methods. The ACIP exercise protocol was used. Exercise variables measured included final exercise stage; presence of exercise-induced angina or ischemia; time to angina; time to 1-mm ST segment depression; number of exercise ECG leads with abnormalities; maximal depth of ST segment depression in any lead; sum of ST segment depression; ST/HR index; and rate-pressure product at time to angina, at time to 1-mm ST segment depression and at peak exertion. Results. Peak exercise time was increased by 0.5, 0.7 and 1.6 min in patients assigned to the angina-guided, ischemia-guided and coronary revascularization strategies, respectively, from the qualifying visit to the 12-week visit (p < 0.001), At the qualifying visit, the sum of exercise-induced ST segment depression was 9.4 +/- 5.0 (mean +/- SD), 9.6 +/- 4.7 and 9.9 +/- 5.5 mm (p = NS) in the three treatment strategies, respectively. At the 12 week visit, the sum of exercise-induced ST segment depression was 7.4 +/- 5.7, 6.8 +/- 5.3 and 5.6 +/- 5.6 mm (p = 0.02) in the three treatment strategies, respectively. Each treatment strategy resulted in a significant reduction in all exercise-induced variables of myocardial ischemia measured at 12 weeks. Conclusions. Coronary revascularization significantly reduced the extent and frequency of exercise-induced myocardial ischemia compared with either medical strategy. The prognostic impact of these observations should be evaluated in a large-scale multi center clinical trial.
Interleukin-1β gene variants are associated with QTc interval prolongation following cardiac surgery: a prospective observational study; We characterized cardiac surgery-induced dynamic changes of the corrected QT (QTc) interval and tested the hypothesis that genetic factors are associated with perioperative QTc prolongation independent of clinical and procedural factors. All study subjects were ascertained from a prospective study of patients who underwent elective cardiac surgery during August 1999 to April 2002. We defined a prolonged QTc interval as > 440 msec, measured from 24-hr pre- and postoperative 12-lead electrocardiograms. The association of 37 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in 21 candidate genes -involved in modulating arrhythmia susceptibility pathways with postoperative QTc changes- was investigated in a two-stage design with a stage I cohort (n = 497) nested within a stage II cohort (n = 957). Empirical P values (P-emp) were obtained by permutation tests with 10,000 repeats. After adjusting for clinical and procedural risk factors, we selected four SNPs (P value range, 0.03-0.1) in stage I, which we then tested in the stage II cohort. Two functional SNPs in the pro-inflammatory cytokine interleukin-1 beta (IL1 beta), rs1143633 (odds ratio [OR], 0.71; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.53 to 0.95; P-emp = 0.02) and rs16944 (OR, 1.31; 95% CI, 1.01 to 1.70; P-emp = 0.04), remained independent predictors of postoperative QTc prolongation. The ability of a clinico-genetic model incorporating the two IL1B polymorphisms to classify patients at risk for developing prolonged postoperative QTc was superior to a clinical model alone, with a net reclassification improvement of 0.308 (P = 0.0003) and an integrated discrimination improvement of 0.02 (P = 0.000024). The results suggest a contribution of IL1 beta in modulating susceptibility to postoperative QTc prolongation after cardiac surgery.
Perivascular Spaces Are Associated with Atherosclerosis: An Insight from the Northern Manhattan Study; Perivascular spaces may be associated with cardiovascular and dementia risks and these authors sought to determine if they are also associated with atherosclerosis. Thus, perivascular spaces were assessed in more than 700 patients and correlated with race, age, and cardiovascular risks. They were found to be more common in older hypertensive patients and the presence of carotid artery plaques strongly and consistently predicted their presence. BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Perivascular spaces are potential spaces found between brain blood vessels and surrounding leptomeninges that have been associated with cardiovascular risk factors and dementia, but less is known about their relationship to atherosclerosis. We tested the hypothesis that perivascular spaces are associated with atherosclerosis. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Participants from the Northern Manhattan Study who remained stroke-free were invited to participate in an MR imaging substudy. Parenchymal hypointensities of <3 mm identified on brain axial T1-weighted MR imaging were scored as perivascular spaces. A semiquantitative score was created to express the degree of brain involvement. Generalized linear models were used to assess statistical associations with carotid plaque as a surrogate marker of atherosclerosis. RESULTS: The studied sample included 706 participants (mean age, 72.6 8.0 years; 60% women, 61% Hispanic, 68% with hypertension, 19% with diabetes, and 57% with high cholesterol). The perivascular spaces score ranged from 0 to 19 with 52% of the sample having a perivascular spaces score of 4. In unadjusted analysis, perivascular spaces were associated with age ( = 0.01 per year, P = < .001), non-Hispanic black race-ethnicity ( = 0.16, P = .02), hypertension ( = 0.24, P = < .001), and carotid plaque ( = 0.22, P < .001). In multivariable analysis, only age ( = 0.01, P = .02), hypertension ( = 0.17, P = .01), and carotid plaque ( = 0.22, P = < .001) remained independently associated with perivascular spaces. CONCLUSIONS: Perivascular spaces were more frequently found in older participants, in those with hypertension, and in the presence of carotid plaque. These results suggest that mechanisms leading to atherosclerosis might also lead to an increased number of perivascular spaces. These results need confirmation in prospective studies.
SHIFT WORK AND CORONARY HEART-DISEASE - INTRODUCTION; Previous research on the medical consequences of shift work has mainly been concerned with sleep disorders and gastrointestinal disturbances. Cardiovascular disease has not been clearly implicated. The objective of the present study was to investigate a possible association between shift work and Coronary Heart Disease (CHD), which is the most common cause of death in industrialized countries. Previous research is reviewed an criticized for using simple approaches with little ability to quantify exposure and to control for selection. Two longitudinal and two cross-sectional studies have been carried out. One study has measured incidence of CHD in 504 male day and shiftworkers from 1968 to 1982/83. The results indicate that shift work is associated with CHD. Our result has demonstrated a dose-response relationship between years of shift work and CHD. Our findings on increased risk of CHD in shift workers are consistent with recent epidemiological studies from Sweden which have used register data. The cross-sectional studies in which two different cohorts of male blue-collar workers were investigated did show a higher percentage of smokers among shift workers. In addition, the shift workers had higher serum concentrations of serum triglycerides. The difference in serum triglyceride levels between day and shift workers could not be explained by obesity, smoking or alcohol intake in the statistical analyses. These results suggest that the prevalance of risk factors for CHD  is higher among shift workers. A prospective study of 25 male shift and day workes, who were followed for six months, indicated that the diet of shift workers might be responsible for changes in the ratio between apoB and apoA-1, a ratio which is related to risk of coronary disease. The analyses of spontaneous changes in the diet showed that the shift workers tended to decrease the intake of dietary fibre and increase the intake of sacharose. The change in the ratio between apoB and apoA-1 correlated inversely with the change in intake of dietary fibre. It is concluded that spontaneous changes in the diet of shift workers might be responsible for changes in serum lipoproteins. Three major disease pathways from shift work to CHD are proposed: (i) disturbed physiological rhythm and/or a collision between the circadian rhythm and myocardial performance, (ii) changes in behaviour, and (iii) disturbed sociotemporal rhythmicity, which might lead to distress reactions.
Prediction of right ventricular and posterior wall ST elevation by coronary care nurses: The 12-lead electrocardiograph versus the 18-lead electrocardiograph; OBJECTIVES: To determine the value of routine versus selective use of the 18-lead electrocardiogram in determining the size of an acute inferior myocardial infarction (MI). DESIGN: Prospective, quasi-experimental, random assignment. SETTING: The coronary care unit (CCU) of a major teaching hospital in South Australia. PATIENTS: Fifty-two patients admitted to the CCU with acute evolving inferior MI. OUTCOME MEASURES: Correlation and comparison of the predictions of right ventricular (RV) and posterior wall (PW) lead ST elevation with prospectively chosen markers on the 12-lead electrocardiogram-ST elevation in lead III > II and precordial ST depression, and the predictions by coronary care nurses. PROCEDURE: The results of 18-lead electrocardiograms of 52 consecutive patients admitted to the CCU with acute evolving inferior MI were classified according to prospectively chosen criteria. Coronary care nurses were randomly assigned four 12-lead electrocardiograms and asked to ''blindly'' predict ST elevation in the concurrent RV and PW leads. RESULTS: ST elevation in lead III > II demonstrated a sensitivity and positive predictive accuracy of 86% to 1 mm of ST elevation in the RV leads. ST depression in V-1, V-2, and V-3 similarly demonstrated a 75% sensitivity and 89% positive predictive accuracy to 1 mm of ST elevation in the PW leads. In comparison, coronary care nurses proved to be as accurate in their predictions of additional PW ST elevation (p=0.73), but were significantly less able to predict RV ST elevation (p=0.049). These predictions were independent of the level of experience and qualifications. CONCLUSIONS: Discriminating between smaller and larger types of inferior MIs has the potential to alter patient management: Thirty-two percent of patients in the study demonstrated additional ST elevation in both the RV and PW leads. Both of the 12-lead electrocardiogram markers used in this study proved reasonably accurate in predicting additional ST elevation in the leads that normally comprise the 18-lead electrocardiogram. Recognition of these markers has the potential to expedite the need for the additional 18-lead electrocardiogram when rapid assessment of infarction size is required. However, the routine use of the 18-lead electrocardiogram is supported by this study.
Atrial fibrillation is associated with increased risk of perioperative stroke and death from carotid endarterectomy; Background:Carotid endarterectomy is performed in high volume in the United States. Identifying patients with a higher risk of stroke and death after carotid endarterectomy can lead to modifications in care that would significantly reduce the occurrence of these events. This study evaluates whether atrial fibrillation is significantly associated with an increased risk of death or stroke for patients undergoing carotid endarterectomy. Methods: This retrospective cohort study uses multivariable logistic regression analysis to assess the relationship between atrial fibrillation and death and/or stroke after carotid endarterectomy. The study population is drawn from the National Inpatient Sample, 2005. All patients with a primary carotid endarterectomy and diagnosis of stenosis of precerebral arteries were included, except patients with concomitant open heart procedures. The main outcomes examined were in-hospital death and stroke, adjusted for age, gender, symptomatic status, and for comorbid disease. Results: Carotid endarterectomy was performed for 20,022 patients. Strokes occurred in 189 patients (0.94%), and death occurred in 59 (0.29%). Patients with atrial fibrillation had significantly higher adjusted odds of stroke or death (odds ratio = 2.45; P < .0001). Conclusion: Patients with atrial fibrillation have a substantially higher risk of stroke and death after carotid endarterectomy. (J Vase Surg 2010;51:330-6.)
Thrombocytopenia and In-hospital Mortality Risk among Ischemic Stroke Patients; Background: Thrombocytopenia has been associated with increased mortality in nonstroke conditions. Because its role in acute ischemic stroke is less well understood, we sought to determine whether thrombocytopenia at admission for acute ischemic stroke was associated with in-hospital mortality. Methods: We used data from a retrospective cohort of stroke patients (1998-2003) at 5 U. S. hospitals. Risk factors considered included conditions that can lead to thrombocytopenia (e. g., liver disease), increase bleeding risk (e. g., hemophilia), medications with antiplatelet effects (e. g., aspirin), and known predictors of mortality (e. g., National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale and Charlson Comorbidity Index scores). Logistic regression modeling evaluated the adjusted association between thrombocytopenia, defined as platelets <100,000/mL, and in-hospital mortality. Results: Among 1233 acute ischemic stroke patients, thrombocytopenia was present in 2.3% (n = 28). A total of 6.1% (n = 75) of patients died in the hospital. In unadjusted analyses, thrombocytopenia was associated with higher mortality (8/28 [28.6%] v 67/1205 [5.6%]; P < .0001). Thrombocytopenia was also independently associated with in-hospital mortality after adjustment for National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score and comorbidities, with an odds ratio of 6.6 (95% confidence interval 2.3-18.6). Conclusions: Admission thrombocytopenia among patients presenting with acute ischemic stroke predicts in-hospital mortality.
Infarct-related artery patency and long-term effects on left ventricular remodelling; Within a narrow time frame after acute myocardial infarction (AMI), spontaneous or therapeutic reperfusion can lead to myocardial salvage, preservation of left ventricular (LV) function and improved survival. However, several studies have shown that the improvement in prognosis of patients with sustained patency of the infarct-related artery (IRA) is out of proportion to the observed improvement in ventricular function. Also, patients who undergo late thrombolysis (i.e. after the traditional 4- to 6-hour time window for myocardial salvage), show improvements in LV function and prognosis. These observations suggest that other mechanisms contribute to the beneficial effects of reperfusion in addition to the salvage of ischaemic myocardium. Experimental and clinical data support the concept the late reperfusion prevents LV dilatation and improves LV function by limiting infarct expansion and ventricular remodelling. These benefits are independent of any limitation on infarct size. Ventricular remodelling is a dynamic process, starting in the acute phase with infarct expansion, and progressing to LV dilatation and hypertrophy. The remodelling process has regional and global effects on wall thickness, and on chamber size, shape and function. Possible mechanisms by which late reperfusion limits infarct expansion independently of infarct size reduction include accelerated scar formation and healing, increased stiffness of the myocardium due to a blood-filled coronary vascular bed, and preservation of a subepicardial rim of viable cells. Evidence from trials of thrombolytic therapy given both early and late after AMI indicates that patency of the IRA is a critical predictor of progressive remodelling and LV dilatation in the long term. Long-term follow-up studies also show the importance of residual stenosis or reocclusion in this context. Thus, adequacy of reperfusion of the infarct bed may be more important than timing of reperfusion in attenuating LV dilatation. Since the pathogenesis of remodelling is influenced by many factors, the optimal therapeutic approach may involve a combination of treatment modalities targeted at several of the underlying processes. In fact, a variety of interventions show great promise in their ability to influence the remodelling process. In particular, there is increasing evidence that remodelling can be prevented through the use of late reperfusion therapy and therapy aimed at maintaining IRA patency in the long term. Based on current evidence, a rational strategy for the primary prevention of ventricular remodelling should involve intervention starting very early after infarction, spanning the entire healing process and continuing well beyond. Prospective clinical trials are required to evaluate late reperfusion therapy, as well as strategies for reducing residual stenosis, preventing reocclusion, and maintaining IRA patency in the long term.
Heart fatty acid-binding protein in combination with the 80-lead body surface potential map improves early detection of acute myocardial infarction in patients who are cardiac troponin T-negative at presentation; Of patients who present with ischemic-type chest pain and a negative cardiac troponin T (cTnT) at first medical contact, there are patients at a very early stage of infarction. The aim of this research was to assess heart fatty acid binding protein (H-FABP), a novel marker of myocyte necrosis, in combination with the 80-lead body surface potential map (BSPM) in the early diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Methods: In this prospective study, consecutive patients presenting with acute ischemic-type chest pain between 2003 and 2006 were enrolled. At first medical contact, blood was sampled for cTnT and H-FABP; in addition, a 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) and BSPM were recorded. A second cTnT was sampled 12 hours or more after presentation. Peak cTnT 0.03 mu g/L or higher diagnosed AMI. Elevated H-FABP was 5 ng/mL or higher. A cardiologist blinded to both the clinical details and 12-lead ECG interpreted the BSPM. Results: Enrolled were 407 patients (age 62 +/- 13 years; 70% men). Of these 407, 180 had cTnT less than 0.03 mu g/L at presentation. Acute myocardial infarction occurred in 52 (29%) of 180 patients. Of these 180 patients, 27 had ST-segment elevation (STE) on ECG, 104 had STE on BSPM (sensitivity, 88%; specificity, 55%), and 95 (53%) had H-FABP elevation. The proportion with elevated H-FABP was higher in the AMI group compared with non-AMI group (P < .001). Body surface potential map STE was significantly associated with H-FABP elevation (P < .001). Of those with initial cTnT less than 0.03 mu g/L, the c-statistic for the receiver operating characteristic curve distinguishing AMI from non-AMI using H-FABP alone was 0.644(95% confidence interval [CI], 0.521-0.771), using BSPM alone was 0.716 (95% CI, 0.638-0.793), and using the combination of BSPM and H-FABP was 0.812 (95% CI, 0.747-0.876; P < .001). Conclusion: In patients with acute ischemic-type chest pain who have a normal cTnT at presentation, the combination of H-FABP and BSPM at first assessment identifies those with early AMI (c-statistic, 0.812; P < .001), thus allowing earlier triage to reperfusion therapy and secondary prevention. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Pathogenesis and Risk Factors for Cerebral Infarct After Surgical Aortic Valve Replacement; Background and Purpose-Stroke is a potentially devastating complication of cardiac surgery. Identifying predictors of radiographic infarct may lead to improved stroke prevention for surgical patients. Methods-We reviewed 129 postoperative brain magnetic resonance imagings from a prospective study of patients undergoing surgical aortic valve replacement. Acute infarcts were classified as watershed or embolic using prespecified criteria. Results-Acute infarct on magnetic resonance imaging was seen in 79 of 129 patients (61%), and interrater reliability for stroke pathogenesis was high (kappa= 0.93). Embolic infarcts only were identified in 60 patients (46%), watershed only in 2 (2%), and both in 17 (13%). In multivariable logistic regression, embolic infarct was associated with aortic arch atheroma (odds ratio [OR], 3.4; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.0-12.0; P=0.055), old subcortical infarcts (OR, 5.5; 95% CI, 1.1-26.6; P=0.04), no history of percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty or coronary artery bypass graft (OR, 4.0; 95% CI, 1.2-13.7; P=0.03), and higher aortic valve gradient (OR, 1.3 per 5 mm Hg; 95% CI, 1.09-1.6; P=0.004). Watershed infarct was associated with internal carotid artery stenosis >= 70% (OR, 11.7; 95% CI, 1.8-76.8; P=0.01) and increased left ventricular ejection fraction (OR, 1.6 per 5% increase; 95% CI, 1.08-2.4; P=0.02). Conclusions-The principal mechanism of acute cerebral infarction after aortic valve replacement is embolism. There are distinct factors associated with watershed and embolic infarct, some of which may be modifiable.
The significance of natriuretic peptides for laboratory tests in patients with diabetes mellitus; The presence of diabetes mellitus brings with it a high risk of morbidity and even mortality as a result of cardiovascular or renal complications. The range of cardiovascular complications is very wide, and encompasses coronary heart failure which can lead to fatal heart attack, stroke, hypertensive heart disease and all forms of cardiac insufficiency. The role of natriuretic peptide BNP or NT-proBNP in the final diagnosis of chronic cardiac insufficiency is well-known. According to the guidelines for the diagnosis of chronic cardiac insufficiency (,ESC-Guidelines for heart failure'), it is preceded by physical examinations such as echocardiography. Prognosis for chronic cardiac insufficiency and long-term prognosis following an acute coronary event can also be established using natriuretic peptides, especially in the subgroup of patients with diabetes mellitus. Raised BNP and NT-proBNP values can also be used for prospective risk evaluation in asymptomatic diabetics with and without microvascular arteriosclerosis - especially those with microalbuminuria - and very often help reveal inert myocardischaemia or subclinical structural heart disease. Several factors such as old age, overweight, and severe kidney failure can distort the elevated readings, albeit without affecting the basic diagnosis.
Dynamic Changes in High-Sensitivity Cardiac Troponin I Are Associated with Dynamic Changes in Sum Absolute QRST Integral on Surface Electrocardiogram in Acute Decompensated Heart Failure; Background: A three-dimensional electrocardiographic (ECG) metric, the sum absolute QRST integral (SAI QRST), predicts ventricular arrhythmias in heart failure (HF) patients with implantable cardioverter defibrillator and mechanical response to cardiac resynchronization therapy. We hypothesized that there is an association between patient-specific changes in SAI QRST and myocardial injury as measured by high-sensitivity troponin I (hsTnI). Methods: Sum absolute integral QRST on resting 12-lead ECG and hsTnI were measured simultaneously, every 3 hours, and during 12-hour observation period in a prospective cohort of emergency department patients (n = 398; mean age 57.8 +/- 13.2 years; 54% female, 64% black), diagnosed with acute coronary syndrome (ACS, n = 28), acutely decompensated HF (acute decompensated heart failure, n = 35), cardiac non-ACS (n = 19), or noncardiac condition (n = 316). Random-effects linear regression analysis assessed the association of SAI QRST and myocardial injury, with adjustment for demographics (age, sex, race), prevalent cardiovascular disease (myocardial infarction, history of revascularization, stroke, and HF), risk factors (diabetes, smoking, hypercholesterolemia, hypertension, and cocaine use), and left bundle branch block. Results: Within the entire cohort, SAI QRST decreased by 3 (95% CI - 5 to - 1) mV* ms every 3 hours. A 10-fold increase in hsTnI was associated with a 7.7 (0.6-14.9) mV* ms increase in SAI QRST. In the subgroup of acutely decompensated HF patients (n = 35), a 10-fold increase in hsTnI was associated with a 61.0 (5.9-116.1) mV* ms increase in SAI QRST. Conclusion: Patient-specific time-varying changes in the surface ECG scalar measure of global electrical heterogeneity, as measured by SAI QRST, and in myocardial injury as measured by hsTnI, are independently and directly associated with each other, likely reflecting a common underlying mechanism.
Cardiac mortality of premature ventricular complexes in healthy people in Japan; Background and purpose: Premature ventricular complexes (PVCs) are frequently encountered in healthy people. But the association between PVCs and cardiac events is not well established in Japan. We investigated the association of PVCs and cardiac deaths in people without cardiovascular disease in the Jichi Medical School (JMS) Cohort study. Methods and subjects: We conducted a prospective cohort study in 12 districts in Japan as part of the JMS cohort study. Baseline data were obtained between April 1992 and July 1995. We excluded subjects who had myocardial infarction and stroke and those who had not received 12-lead electrocardiograms. Cox's proportional hazard model was used to calculate the hazard ratios (HRs) of cardiovascular mortality of subjects with PVCs, using subjects without PVCs as reference. Results: A total of 11,158 participants (4333 males and 6825 females) were analyzed. Participants were followed for an average of 11.9 years. PVCs were present in 1.4% of men and 1.1% of women. There were 92 cardiac deaths (47 males and 45 females) during the follow-up period. In crude cardiovascular mortality, HRs (95% confidence interval [CI]) were 5.29 (1.64-17.0) in males and 2.14 (0.29-15.5) in females. Age-adjusted HRs were 3.73 (1.16-12.0) and 0.98 (0.13-7.21), respectively. After further adjustment for body mass index, systolic blood pressure, total cholesterol level, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, and blood glucose, HRs were 3.98 (1.21-13.0) and 0.95 (0.13-7.11), respectively. Conclusions: We conclude that PVCs are a predictive factor for cardiac death in men without structural heart disease. (c) 2010 Japanese College of Cardiology. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Serum Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Risk of Incident Type 2 Diabetes in Men: The Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study; OBJECTIVEThe relationship between fish or omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and type 2 diabetes is inconclusive. Even contaminants in fish, such as mercury, may modify the effects. We investigated the associations between serum omega-3 PUFAs eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), -linolenic acid (ALA), hair mercury, and risk of incident type 2 diabetes in middle-aged and older Finnish men.RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSA total of 2,212 men from the prospective, population-based Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease Risk Factor study, aged 42-60 years and free of type 2 diabetes at baseline in 1984-1989, were investigated. Serum PUFA and hair mercury were used as biomarkers for exposure. Dietary intakes were assessed with 4-day food recording. Type 2 diabetes was assessed by self-administered questionnaires and fasting and 2-h oral glucose tolerance test blood glucose measurement at re-examination rounds 4, 11, and 20 years after the baseline and by record linkage to hospital discharge registry and reimbursement register on diabetes medication expenses. Cox proportional hazards models were used to analyze associations.RESULTSDuring the average follow-up of 19.3 years, 422 men developed type 2 diabetes. Men in the highest versus the lowest serum EPA + DPA + DHA quartile had 33% lower multivariate-adjusted risk for type 2 diabetes (95% CI 13-49; P trend 0.01). No statistically significant associations were observed with serum or dietary ALA, dietary fish or EPA + DHA, or hair mercury.CONCLUSIONSSerum long-chain omega-3 PUFA concentration, an objective biomarker for fish intake, was associated with long-term lower risk of type 2 diabetes.
Coronary computed tomography angiography-adapted Leaman score as a tool to noninvasively quantify total coronary atherosclerotic burden; To describe a coronary computed tomography angiography (CCTA)-adapted Leaman score (CT-LeSc) as a tool to quantify total coronary atherosclerotic burden with information regarding localization, type of plaque and degree of stenosis and to identify clinical predictors of a high coronary atherosclerotic burden as assessed by the CT-LeSc. Single center prospective registry including a total of 772 consecutive patients undergoing CCTA (Dual-source CT) from April 2011 to March 2012. For the purpose of this study, 581 stable patients referred for suspected coronary artery disease (CAD) without previous myocardial infarction or revascularization procedures were included. Pre-test CAD probability was determined using both the Diamond-Forrester extended CAD consortium method (DF-CAD consortium model) and the Morise score. Cardiovascular risk was assessed with the HeartScore. The cut-off for the 3rd tercile (CT-LeSc a parts per thousand yen8.3) was used to define a population with a high coronary atherosclerotic burden. The median CT-LeSc in this population (n = 581, 8,136 coronary segments evaluated; mean age 57.6 +/- A 11.1; 55.8 % males; 14.6 % with diabetes) was 2.2 (IQR 0-6.8). In patients with CAD (n = 341), the median CT-LeSc was 5.8 (IQR 3.2-9.6). Among patients with nonobstructive CAD, most were classified in the lowest terciles (T1, 43.0 %; T2, 36.1 %), but 20.9 % were in the highest tercile (T3). The majority of the patients with obstructive CAD were classified in T3 (78.2 %), but 21.8 % had a CT-LeSc in lower terciles (T1 or T2). The independent predictors of a high CT-LeSc were: Male sex (OR 1.73; 95 % CI 1.04-2.90) diabetes (OR 2.91; 95 % CI 1.61-5.23), hypertension (OR 2.54; 95 % CI 1.40-4.63), Morise score a parts per thousand yen16 (OR 1.97; 95 % CI 1.06-3.67) and HeartScore a parts per thousand yen5 (OR 2.42; 95 % CI 1.41-4.14). We described a cardiac CT adapted Leaman score as a tool to quantify total (obstructive and nonobstructive) coronary atherosclerotic burden, reflecting the comprehensive information about localization, degree of stenosis and type of plaque provided by CCTA. Male sex, hypertension, diabetes, a HeartScore a parts per thousand yen5 % and a Morise score a parts per thousand yen16 were associated with a high coronary atherosclerotic burden, as assessed by the CT-LeSc. About one fifth of the patients with nonobstructive CAD had a CT-LeSc in the highest tercile, and this could potentially lead to a reclassification of the risk profile of this subset of patients identified by CCTA, once the prognostic value of the CT-LeSc is validated.
Cardiovascular risk after orthotopic liver transplantation, a review of the literature and preliminary results of a prospective study; Improved surgical techniques and greater efficacy of new anti-rejection drugs have significantly improved the survival of patients undergoing orthotopic liver transplantation (OLT). This has led to an increased incidence of metabolic disorders as well as cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases as causes of morbidity and mortality in OLT patients. In the last decade, several studies have examined which predisposing factors lead to increased cardiovascular risk (i.e., age, ethnicity, diabetes, NASH, atrial fibrillation, and some echocardiographic parameters) as well as which factors after OLT (i.e., weight gain, metabolic syndrome, immunosuppressive therapy, and renal failure) are linked to increased cardiovascular mortality. However, currently, there are no available data that evaluate the development of atherosclerotic damage after OLT. The awareness of high cardio-vascular risk after OLT has not only lead to the definition of new but generally not accepted screening of high risk patients before transplantation, but also to the need for careful patient follow up and treatment to control metabolic and cardiovascular pathologies after transplant. Prospective studies are needed to better define the predisposing factors for recurrence and de novo occurrence of metabolic alterations responsible for cardiovascular damage after OLT. Moreover, such studies will help to identify the timing of disease progression and damage, which in turn may help to prevent morbidity and mortality for cardiovascular diseases. Our preliminary results show early occurrence of atherosclerotic damage, which is already present a few weeks following OLT, suggesting that specific, patient-tailored therapies should be started immediately post OLT.
Low-density lipoproteins cause atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. 1. Evidence from genetic, epidemiologic, and clinical studies. A consensus statement from the European Atherosclerosis Society Consensus Panel; Aims To appraise the clinical and genetic evidence that low-density lipoproteins (LDLs) cause atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). Methods and results We assessed whether the association between LDL and ASCVD fulfils the criteria for causality by evaluating the totality of evidence from genetic studies, prospective epidemiologic cohort studies, Mendelian randomization studies, and randomized trials of LDL-lowering therapies. In clinical studies, plasma LDL burden is usually estimated by determination of plasma LDL cholesterol level (LDL-C). Rare genetic mutations that cause reduced LDL receptor function lead to markedly higher LDL-C and a dose-dependent increase in the risk of ASCVD, whereas rare variants leading to lower LDL-C are associated with a correspondingly lower risk of ASCVD. Separate meta-analyses of over 200 prospective cohort studies, Mendelian randomization studies, and randomized trials including more than 2 million participants with over 20 million person-years of follow-up and over 150 000 cardiovascular events demonstrate a remarkably consistent dose-dependent log-linear association between the absolute magnitude of exposure of the vasculature to LDL-C and the risk of ASCVD; and this effect appears to increase with increasing duration of exposure to LDL-C. Both the naturally randomized genetic studies and the randomized intervention trials consistently demonstrate that any mechanism of lowering plasma LDL particle concentration should reduce the risk of ASCVD events proportional to the absolute reduction in LDL-C and the cumulative duration of exposure to lower LDL-C, provided that the achieved reduction in LDL-C is concordant with the reduction in LDL particle number and that there are no competing deleterious off-target effects. Conclusion Consistent evidence from numerous and multiple different types of clinical and genetic studies unequivocally establishes that LDL causes ASCVD.
A Case Study Using the Beers List Criteria to Compare Prescribing by Family Practitioners and Geriatric Specialists in a Rural Nursing Home; Previous studies have concluded that inappropriate medications and/or too many medications can lead to adverse events in older adults. The Beers List of potentially inappropriate medications (PIMs) for use in the elderly was developed to help guide clinicians to safely prescribe medications. Moreover, in the United States, policies exist regulating the number of prescriptions nursing home residents may take. Few studies have compared family and geriatric providers' prescribing trends. The aim of this study was to compare prescribing by family and geriatric providers in a rural U.S. nursing home using a nonequivalent 2-group analysis design with data collected via retrospective chart audits (N = 92). Nursing home residents in the nongeriatric provider group had fewer total comorbidities (U = p < .001) and were less likely to have congestive heart failure (chi(2) = p < .001), coronary artery disease (chi(2) = p < .001), and degenerative joint disease (chi(2) = p < .001). Despite this, on average, providers who were not geriatric trained prescribed twice as many drugs per patient (U = p < .001). The odds were significantly greater of being prescribed 9 or more drugs (odds ratio 13.15, 95% confidence interval 4.3-39.5) or being prescribed at least 1 PIM (odds ratio 6.25, 95% confidence interval 1.3-29.0) if the prescriber was not geriatric trained. The prevalence in this nursing home of receiving at least 1 PIM and polypharmacy were 36.9% and 72.8%, respectively. Promethazine accounted for 46.9% of all PIMs prescribed. Geriatric education appears to have influenced prescribing patterns at this facility, with geriatric-trained providers adhering more closely to evidence-based guidelines for older patients. As geriatric educational content is incorporated into nongeriatric specialty areas, pharmacology and prescribing competencies should be an area of ongoing focus for educators. (Geriatr Nurs 2011;32:350-356)
Prognostic value of 12-lead electrocardiogram and peak troponin I level after vascular surgery; Objective: The aim of this investigation was to determine if the presence of ischemic electrocardiographic (ECG) changes in patients undergoing vascular surgery provides incremental prognostic information about the long-term risk of death compared with a single peak troponin level within 48 hours after surgery. Methods: This was a retrospective analysis of 337 patients undergoing moderate-risk to high-risk vascular surgery at our institution whose ECG and biomarker data were complete. Peak cardiac troponin (cTn) I values that exceeded the upper reference limit (URL) were categorized as low-positive (+), at or exceeding the URL but less than three times the URL, or high-positive (+), at or exceeding three times the URL. ECGs were classified as ischemic or nonischemic. The primary outcome was death at 1 year after the vascular operation. Independent predictors of long-term mortality were determined by Cox proportional hazards regression analysis. Results: The most common vascular problem was an expanding abdominal aortic aneurysm (n = 185 [55%]). With regard to cTnI, 53 patients (16%) were classified as high (+) and 82 (24%) as low (+). The ECG in 21 patients (6%) showed evidence of myocardial ischemia. An increase in 1-year mortality of 3% for normal, 11% for low (+), and 17% for high (+) (P < .01) was seen with incremental cTn values. Independent predictors of long-term mortality were age (odds ratio [OR], 1.05, 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.02-1.07; P < .01), stratified troponin (OR, 1.62; 95% CI, 1.25-2.10; P < .01), tissue loss (OR, 3.30; 95% CI, 1.72-6.33; P < .01), stratified Revised Cardiac Risk Index (OR, 1.32; 95% CI, 0.97-1.81; P < .07), and statin use (OR, 0.62; 95% CI, 0.40-0.98; P = .04). The presence of ischemia on ECG was not a predictor of long-term mortality. Conclusions: In the presence of an elevated cTn I, the ECG is not an independent predictor of long-term mortality after vascular surgery. These results support a strategy of routine surveillance of cTns after vascular surgery for the detection of cardiac events and postoperative risk stratification. (J Vasc Surg 2013;57:166-72.)
Identification of long non-coding RNAs biomarkers for early diagnosis of myocardial infarction from the dysregulated coding-non-coding co-expression network; Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) have recently been shown as novel promising diagnostic or prognostic biomarkers for various cancers. However, lncRNA expression patterns and their predictive value in early diagnosis of myocardial infarction (MI) have not been systematically investigated. In our study, we performed a comprehensive analysis of lncRNA expression profiles in MI and found altered lncRNA expression pattern in MI compared to healthy samples. We then constructed a lncRNA-mRNA dysregulation network (DLMCEN) by integrating aberrant lncRNAs, mRNAs and their co-dysregulation relationships, and found that some of mRNAs were previously reported to be involved in cardiovascular disease, suggesting the functional roles of dysregulated lncRNAs in the pathogenesis of MI. Therefore, using support vector machine (SVM) and leave one out cross-validation (LOOCV), we developed a 9-lncRNA signature (termed 9LncSigAMI) from the discovery cohort which could distinguish MI patients from healthy samples with accuracy of 95.96%, sensitivity of 93.88% and specificity of 98%, and validated its predictive power in early diagnosis of MI in another completely independent cohort. Functional analysis demonstrated that these nine lncRNA biomarkers in the 9LncSigAMI may be involved in myocardial innate immune and inflammatory response, and their deregulation may lead to the dysfunction of the inflammatory and immune system contributing to MI recurrence. With prospective validation, the 9LncSigAMI identified by our work will provide additional diagnostic information beyond other known clinical parameters, and increase the understanding of the molecular mechanism underlying the pathogenesis of MI.
EFFECTS OF THROMBOLYSIS ON THE 12-LEAD SIGNAL-AVERAGED ECG IN THE EARLY POSTINFARCTION PERIOD; Signal-averaged ECG has been used to identify patients at risk for ventricular tachycardia and sudden death after myocardial infarction. The goals of this prospective study were to examine the effects of reperfusion achieved with thrombolytic therapy on the 12-lead signal-averaged ECG and on ventricular arrhythmias in the early period after acute myocardial infarction (AMI). A total of 190 consecutive patients with AMI who fulfilled the inclusion criteria were enrolled. Thrombolysis was  attempted in 80 patients and was considered successful in 57 (group I) and unsuccessful in 23 (group II); 110 patients were not treated with thrombolytic agents (group III). Signal averaging of 12 ECG leads was performed within 2 days in all patients and between 7 and 10 days after admission in 163 patients. The filtered QRS complex duration (QRSD) was significantly shorter in group I compared to group III in 7 of 12 ECG leads at 2 days and in 10 of 12 leads at 7 to 10 days. The root mean  square voltage of the terminal 40 msec of the QRS complex (RMS40) did not change between the two signal-averaged ECG recordings in group I, whereas it became lower in three ECG leads in group II and in seven ECG leads in group III. There was no correlation between infarct site and significant changes in infarct-related signal-averaged ECG leads. The occurrence of complex ventricular arrhythmias was not significantly different among the three groups. We conclude that successful reperfusion,  compared with failed and nonattempted reperfusion, is associated with fewer abnormalities in the 12-lead signal-averaged ECG in the early period after AMI. These findings may be related to reduced early and late mortality in patients undergoing successful reperfusion.
Clinical and metabolic evaluation of subjects with erectile dysfunction: a review with a proposal flowchart; Erectile function is a haemodynamic phenomenon depending on the integrity of neurological, vascular, endocrinological, tissue (corpora cavernosa), psychological and relational factors; changes in any one of these components may lead to erectile dysfunction (ED). ED and its comorbid conditions share common risk factors such as endothelial dysfunction, atherosclerosis and metabolic and hormonal abnormalities. Furthermore, although cross-sectional studies have shown a clear age-dependent association between ED, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, metabolic syndrome (MetS) and cardiovascular diseases, longitudinal evidence has recently emphasized that ED could be an early marker of these conditions. Recently, the European Association of Urology and American Urology Association provided consensus guidelines for the management of ED patients. However, the metabolic aspect of ED is rather neglected or not sufficiently treated. In this study, more emphasis will be placed on the presence of ED comorbid metabolic factors. The primary and secondary goals of therapy, according to current guidelines and to prevent their clinical evolution, will also be provided. We review the concepts of metabolic diseases related to ED and their treatment. Criteria for the diagnosis and treatment of hypogonadism, metabolic and vascular disease related to ED were analysed. ED can mark the starting point for the evaluation and prevention of significant severe diseases (such as diabetes, MetS, dyslipidaemia, arteriosclerosis, hypertension, ischaemic cardiopathy, neuropathy, etc.) hitherto unknown by the patients. Most widely used criteria for the diagnosis and treatment of these diseases were reported. We suggest a clinical approach which allows the identification of metabolic and others systemic pathologies contributing to the development of ED. This approach may constitute an improvement in disease prognosis and either induce a spontaneous reduction of ED or facilitate its specific therapy.
Lack of additional benefit of intracoronary transplantation of autologous peripheral blood stem cell in patients with acute myocardial infarction; Background Recently the potential of myocardial repair by transplantation of autologous bone marrow stem cells has been suggested. Whether the additional intracoronary transplantation of autologous peripheral blood stem cells (PBSC), which were mobilized by granulocyte-colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF), could safely improve myocardial function in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) was investigated. Methods and Results Seventy-three patients with AMI who had successfully undergone percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) were enrolled in the present prospective nonrandomized open-labeled study. Ten patients with elective PCI received G-CSF for 4 days followed by intracoronary PBSC transplantation. Thirty-two patients with primary PCI and 31 patients with recent AMI and elective PCI served as controls. The left ventricular (LV) function was evaluated using echocardiography and magnetic resonance imaging. G-CSF and intracoronary transplantation of PBSC did not incur any periprocedural myocardial damage. After 6 months, the LV ejection fraction was significantly improved in the cell therapy group. For 2 years of the follow-up period, there was no adverse clinical events, except one asymptomatic in-stent restenosis. However, comparable improvement of the LV ejection fraction was also identified in the primary PCI and elective PCI control groups. Conclusions In the present study, additional intracoronary infusion of PBSC was safe and feasible for the patients with AMI who had undergone PCI, but did not lead to a significant improvement in LV function compared to standard reperfusion treatment.
Hospital and 1-year outcome after acute myocardial infarction in patients with diabetes mellitus and hypertension; Hypertension (HT) and diabetes mellitus (DM) lead to structural and functional cardiac impairment and worsen the prognosis after myocardial infarction (MI). However, the prognosis of male or female patients with the coexistence of HT and DM after MI has not been clearly demonstrated. The study sample comprised 4317 consecutive patients with an acute MI from a prospective nationwide survey conducted in 1992, 1994 and 1996 in all 25 coronary care units operating in Israel. The in-hospital, 30-day and 1-year outcome of diabetic hypertensive patients (n = 546) was compared with that of diabetic normotensive patients (n = 547) and with that of nondiabetic hypertensive patients (n = 1192) and nondiabetic normotensive subjects (n = 2032). The crude in-hospital, 30-day and 1-year mortality rates of diabetic hypertensive patients (11.7, 16.5 and 27.6%, respectively) were significantly higher than those of the diabetic normotensive patients (9.5, 15.4 and 22.9%, respectively) and nondiabetic hypertensive patients (7.1, 11.6 and 17.6%, respectively). Kaplan-Meier survival curves showed increased mortality rates during the 1-year follow-up in diabetic hypertensive patients. Adjusted risk for 1-year mortality was increased in diabetic patients. However, the risk was similar in diabetic hypertensive and normotensive patients (hazard ratio (HR) 1.55, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.25-1.93, and 1.62, 95% CI 1.29-2.04, respectively). Adjusted Kaplan-Meier survival curves of diabetic hypertensive patients converged with those of the diabetic normotensives. The existence of DM increases the 1-year mortality after MI by about 60%. However, controlled hypertension did not worsen the outcome of diabetic male or female patients after MI.
Electrocardiographic changes in elderly patients during small bowel enema; RATIONALE AND OBJECTIVES. Enteroclysis (small bowel enema) involves the introduction of a large amount of fluid into the small bowel, through a tube, producing small bowel distention. A study was done to determine the incidence of any electrocardiographic changes during enteroclysis with Holter monitoring. METHODS. Continuous electrocardiographic monitoring and 12-lead electrocardiograms were performed in 30 elderly patients undergoing enteroclysis and in 30 control subjects undergoing routine chest, bone, and upper gastrointestinal small bowel follow-up studies. Two channel qualitative and quantitative electrocardiographic analysis was performed by a computerized nontriggered template system, Arrhythmias, change in cardiac axis, conduction defects, pauses, ST segment changes, and ectopics were sought. RESULTS. Increased sympathetic tone resulting in increased heart rate and transient atrial and ventricular ectopics was frequent during enteroclysis compared with the control group, In one patient ventricular tachycardia developed, and two patients had diminished heart rate, but this was attributed to preexisting heart disease and concurrent medication. CONCLUSIONS. Transient, nonhazardous cardiac arrythmias are encountered during enteroclysis in elderly patients, These arrhythmias may be attributed to the preexisting heart disease, fear, and anxiety during intubation, or increased sympathetic tone from the enteric loop distention.
Safety evaluation of routine intracoronary acetylcholine infusion in patients undergoing a first diagnostic coronary angiogram; Background: Recent findings imply prognostic significance of intracoronary acetylcholine infusion for endothelial function testing. We evaluated whether routine use of this test in coronary angiography patients is safe. Methods: Patients undergoing a first diagnostic coronary angiography were selected to receive intracoronary acetylcholine for endothelial function evaluation. The relation between adverse reactions during infusion and risk factors was analyzed with a logistic regression model. Included in the multiple logistic regression model were the variables with a univariate P value < 0.20. Results: Adverse reactions occurred in 16% (49/299) of the patients. This included two life-threatening events caused by occlusive spasm and flow limitation in the left coronary artery. Other adverse events were chest pain (n = 38), AV block or sinus bradycardia (n = 10), dyspnea (n = 3). Adverse reactions were more likely to occur in patients younger than 60 years of age (relative risk, 5.6 [2.2-14.3]). Conclusion: Intracoronary acetylcholine infusion is safe, but may lead to serious adverse reactions. Care should be taken especially in patients younger than 60 years of age. Routine use of acetylcholine infusion can thus only be justified if it has important prognostic significance. This has to be proven further in large prospective studies.
Delayed intrinsicoid deflection of the QRS complex is associated with sudden cardiac arrest; BACKGROUND Prolongation of initial ventricular depolarization on the 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG), or delayed intrinsicoid deflection (DID), can indicate left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH). The possibility that this marker could convey distinct risk of sudden cardiac arrest (SCA) has not been evaluated. OBJECTIVE To evaluate the association of DID and SCA in the community. METHODS In the ongoing prospective, population-based Oregon Sudden Unexpected Death Study (Oregon SUDS; catchment area approximately 1 million), SCA cases were compared to geographic controls with no SCA. Archived ECGs (closest and unrelated to SCA event for cases) were evaluated for the presence of DID, defined as >= 0.05 second in leads V-5 or V-6. Left ventricular (LV) mass and function were evaluated from archived echocardiograms. RESULTS SCA cases (n = 272, 68.7 +/- 14.6 years, 63.6% male) as compared to controls (n = 351, 67.6 +/- 11.4 years, 63.3% male) were more likely to have DID on ECG (28.3% vs 17.1%, P = .001). DID was associated with increased SCA odds (odds ratio [OR] 1.92; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.31-2.81; P = .001), but showed poor correlation with LV mass and echocardiographic LVH (kappa 0.13). In multivariate analysis adjusted for clinical and ECG markers, reduced LV ejection fraction, and echocardiographic LVH, DID remained an independent predictor of SCA (OR 1.82; 950/0 CI 1.12-2.97; P = .016). Additionally, in a sensitivity analysis restricted to narrow QRS, DID and ECG LVH by voltage were each independently associated with SCA risk. CONCLUSION DID was associated with increased SCA risk independent of echocardiographic LVH, ECG LVH, and reduced LV ejection fraction, potentially reflecting unique electrical remodeling that warrants further investigation.
Platelet glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibition using eptifibatide with primary coronary stenting for acute myocardial infarction: A 30-day follow-up study; The results of primary coronary stenting for acute myocardial infarction (AMI) have been reported to improve significantly with the concomitant administration of platelet glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitor abciximab. There are, however, no data available with the use of eptifibatide, a more cost-effective, small-molecule GP IIb/IIIa blocker with a shorter half-life. In a prospective multicenter feasibility and efficacy study, we assigned 55 consecutive patients with AMI being taken up for primary stenting to receive eptifibatide just before the procedure (two boluses of 180 mug/kg 10 min apart and a 24-hr infusion of 2 mug/kg/min). Clinical outcomes were evaluated at 30 days after the procedure. The angiographic patency of the vessel with TIMI flow rates, TIMI myocardial perfusion (TMP) grade, and corrected TIMI frame counts were assessed at the end of procedure and before hospital discharge. At 30 days, the primary endpoint, a composite of death, myocardial infarction, and urgent target vessel revascularization (TVR) was seen in 12.7% of patients. The TIMI 3 and TMP grade 3 flow, which was seen in 93% and 86% of patient, respectively, at the end of the procedure, declined to 86% and 78%, respectively (P < 0.05) before hospital discharge. Corrected TIMI frame counts also decreased from 25.7 +/- 7.2 to 22.9 +/- 6.8 (P < 0.05). There were five (9.1%) instances of subacute thrombosis (SAT) presenting as AMI, needing urgent TVR in all, within 3-5 days of the primary procedure. No excessive bleeding complication, directly attributable to the use of eptifibatide, was observed. The study was terminated prematurely because of an unacceptable SAT rate. Administration of eptifibatide along with primary stenting for AMI is associated with a high TIMI 3 and TMP grade 3 flow acutely. However, theseflows decline significantly before hospital discharge and lead to a high rate of SAT. The dosage and duration of infusion of eptifibatide in this setting needs further evaluation. (C) 2002 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Shift work, social class, and ischaemic heart disease in middle aged and elderly men; a 22 year follow up in the Copenhagen male study; Objectives-Shift work has been associated with an increased risk of ischaemic heart disease (IHD). Most published studies have lead potential problems with confounding by social class. This study explores shift work as a risk factor for IHD after controlling for social class. Methods-The Copenhagen male study is a prospective cohort study established in 1970-1 comprising 5249 men aged 40-59. information obtained included working time, social class, and risk factors for IHD. A second baseline was obtained in 1985-6. The cohort was followed up for 22 years through hospital discharge registers for IHD, and cause of death was recovered from death certificates. Results-One fifth of the cohort was shift working at entry with a significantly larger proportion of shift workers in lower social classes. Risk of IHD and all cause mortality over 22 years, adjusted for age only, for age and social class, and finally for age, social class, smoking, fitness, height, weight, and sleep disturbances, did not differ between shift and day workers. The relative risk (of IHD, adjusted for age and social class was 1.0 <95% confidence interval (95% CI) 0.9-1.2). Men being shift workers in both 1971 and 1985 had the same risk as ex-shift workers in an 8 years follow up from the 1985-6 baseline. Conclusions-The present study questions shift work as an independent risk factor far IHD. The results of the study emphasise the importance of controlling adequately for the interplay of shift work and social class.
Impact of early accelerated dose tissue plasminogen activator on in-hospital patency of the infarcted vessel in patients with acute right ventricular infarction; Objective-To assess the efficacy of early accelerated dose tissue plasminogen activator on in-hospital patency of the infarct related artery in patients with inferior myocardial infarction with and without right ventricular involvement. Design-Single centre prospective assessment before discharge of infarct related vessel patency after early thrombolysis. Setting-Tertiary cardiac referral centre at a university hospital. Patients and methods-90 consecutive unselected patients with acute myocardial infarction, of whom 35 (39%) had electrocardiographic evidence of right ventricular involvement (ST segment elevation greater than 0.1 mV in right precordial lead V4R), were studied. All patients received accelerated dose tissue plasminogen activator 100 mg within six hours from the onset of symptoms and had control angiography before discharge. Main outcome measures-Infarct related coronary artery patency using the Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) grading system before discharge. Incidence of prolonged systemic hypotension, sinus bradgcardia, complete atrioventricular block, and ventricular tachyarrhythmia during early hospitalisation, Results-Despite aspirin and bolus heparinisation before thrombolysis and high dose heparinisation thereafter for at least 38 hours the infarct related artery was more likely to be occluded (TIMI 0 or 1 flow) in patients with right ventricular involvement than in those without (69 v 29%, P<0.001), as show by control angiography performed a mean of 12.8 days after thrombolysis. These findings may be explained, at least in part, by predominant involvement of the proximal right coronary artery (66 v 31%, P<0.05) and a low cardiac output syndrome, being indirectly reflected by a high incidence of prolonged hypotension (26 v 7%, P= 0.02), bradycardia (34 v 14%, P=0.03), and complete atrioventricular block (37 v 5%, P=0.0001). Conclusion-Primary angioplasty should be considered as the treatment of choice in patients with acute inferior infarction with right ventricular involvement because of the high failure rate of thrombolysis.
Relationship between QRS duration and prognosis in non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome; Background: Previous studies have shown that prolonged QRS duration increases the risk of death in patients with heart failure and after an ST-segment elevation acute myocardial infarction. Very little data exist about the prognostic implications of QRS duration in the non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome (NST-ACS): unstable angina and non-ST-elevation acute myocardial infarction (non-STEMI). Methods: This is a prospective and observational study in which we included 502 patients ( age 71 +/- 10 years, 68% males, 29% diabetes) consecutively admitted for NST-ACS. QRS duration was manually measured from the 12-lead electrocardiogram. Our aim is to assess the relation between the QRS duration on admission (QRSd) and the risk of cardiovascular death (CvD) in the long-term. Results: Mean QRSd was: 93 +/- 19 ms. After a median follow-up of 450 days, the cumulative incidence of CvD was: 17.8%. QRSd correlated with the incidence of CvD during the follow-up period: c = 0.72 (p < 0.001). The best cut-off point was 90 ms ( sensitivity, specificity and negative predictive value of QRSd >= 90 ms for CvD: 82, 68 and 93%). According to the Kaplan-Meier analysis, QRSd >= 90 ms was associated with an increase in the risk of CvD: 26.6% versus 7.2% (log rank: 28.6; p < 0.001). Cumulative incidence of CvD was higher in QRSd >= 90 ms in patients with unstable angina: 15.5% versus 4% (p = 0.02), and in those with non-STEMI: 30.5% versus 8.9% (p < 0.001). After adjusting for other significant variables (Cox-regression analysis), QRSd >= 90 ms persisted as an independent predictor for overall CvD ( Hazard Ratio: 2.62; 95% Confidence Interval: 1.44-4.74; p < 0.001). Conclusion: In NST-ACS, the QRSd, even in the normal range, has prognostic implications. QRSd >= 90 ms is independently associated with an increased risk of CvD in the long-term. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Comparison of Low-Dose Statin Versus Low-Dose Statin plus Armolipid Plus in High-Intensity Statin-Intolerant Patients With a Previous Coronary Event and Percutaneous Coronary Intervention (ADHERENCE Trial); Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) reduction is associated with a significant decrease in mortality, and statins represent the most effective drugs to achieve this. However, side effects of statins are very common and may lead to treatment discontinuation. Nutraceuticals are a combination of natural components that have shown efficacy in lowering LDL-C concentration when used alone or in association with other agents in patients who are intolerant to high-dose statins. Our aim was to compare the efficacy and tolerability of low-dose statin (LDS) therapy versus combined therapy of LDS plus a nutraceutical combination containing red yeast rice, policosanol, berberine, folic acid, coenzyme Q10 and astaxanthin (Armolipid Plus) in high-risk patients. We performed a randomized (1:1), prospective, parallel group, single-blind trial in which participants had coronary artery disease (n = 100), had undergone percutaneous coronary intervention in the preceding 12 months, were high-dose statin intolerant, and did not achieve >= 50% reduction in LDL-C with LDS treatment alone. After 3 months, patients in the LDS + Armolipid Plus (n = 50) group presented with a significantly greater reduction of LDL-C and total cholesterol (p < 0.0001), and 70% of patients in this group achieved the therapeutic target (LDL-C <70 mg/dl), whereas patients in the LDS group did not. Six patients (3 from each group) dropped out due to myalgia. In conclusion, in patients with coronary artery disease and high-dose statin intolerance, the combination of LDS and nutraceuticals represents a valuable therapeutic option. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Polytherapy in cardiovascular prevention: open problems; Despite the considerable advances in preventive treatment achieved over the last two decades, the increasing burden of cardiovascular disease represents an urgent need for new therapeutic strategies to reduce cardiovascular mortality and morbidity. The current pandemic of obesity, hypertension and diabetes, as a result of unhealthy lifestyle and dietary habits together with predisposing genetic backgrounds, is the main cause of increased cardiovascular mortality and raised overall health expenditure. Despite the growing number of cardiovascular prevention campaigns, the control of cardiovascular risk factors remains largely unsatisfactory worldwide. Unhealthy lifestyles lead to an increased consumption of drugs to achieve target levels of cardiovascular risk factors, namely blood pressure and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. This phenomenon results in a disproportionate increase in the number of cardiovascular drugs, already in the early stages of disease. Despite current guidelines encourage combination therapies in cardiovascular prevention, the adoption of polytherapy, commonly defined as the use of 5 or more drugs, is extremely frequent and is often paradoxically unsuccessful due to poor patient education and adherence, increased adverse effects and inappropriate drug prescribing. Moreover, increased life-expectancy resulting from early treatment of myocardial infarction and improved heart failure management has led to an older population characterized by an increased prevalence of comorbid conditions. This is a further reason for increased prescription of drugs leading to an impairment of patient adherence and increased adverse effects. In order to overcome the emerging problem of polytherapy, the use of a single "polypill" containing a combination of drugs for cardiovascular prevention has been postulated. Such an approach is providing promising results in the management of hypertension and dyslipidemia. However, available evidence is still preliminary and prospective data on cardiovascular outcomes are still lacking. This present article proposes a critical analysis of some open issues related to polytherapy in cardiovascular prevention.
Relationship between ADAMTS13 activity, von Willebrand factor antigen levels and platelet function in the early and late phases after TIA or ischaemic stroke; Background: Reduced ADAMTS13 activity is seen in thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (UP), and may lead to accumulation of prothrombotic ultra-large von Willebrand factor (ULVWF) multimers in vivo. ADAMTS13 activity and its relationship with VWF antigen (VWF:Ag) levels and platelet function in 'non-UP related' TIA or ischaemic stroke has not been comprehensively studied. Methods: In this prospective pilot observational analytical case-control study, ADAMTS13 activity and VWF:Ag levels were quantified in platelet poor plasma in 53 patients in the early phase weeks) and 34 of these patients in the late phase (>= 3 months) after TIA or ischaemic stroke on aspirin. Data were compared with those from 22 controls not on aspirin. The impact of ADAMTS13 on platelet function in whole blood was quantified by measuring Collagen-ADP (C-ADP) and Collagen-Epinephrine closure times on a platelet function analyser (PFA-100 (R)). Results: Median ADAMTS13 activity was significantly reduced in the early phase (71.96% vs. 95.5%, P < 0.01) but not in the late phase after TIA or stroke compared with controls (86.3% vs. 95.5%, P = 0.19). There was a significant inverse relationship between ADAMTS13 activity and VWF:Ag levels in the early phase (r = -031; P = 0.024), but not in the late phase after TIA or stroke (P = 0.74). There was a positive correlation between ADAMTS13 activity and C-ADP closure times in early phase patients only, likely mediated via VWF:Ag levels. Discussion: ADAMTS13 activity is reduced and VWF:Ag expression is increased within 4 weeks of TIA or ischaemic stroke onset, and can promote enhanced platelet adhesion and aggregation in response to stimulation with collagen and ADP via VWF-mediated pathways. These data improve our understanding of the dynamic haemostatic and thrombotic profiles of ischaemic cerebrovascular disease (CVD) patients, and are important in view of the potential future role that ADAMTS13 may have to play as an anti-thrombotic agent in CVD. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Bilirubin UDP-glucuronosyltransferase <i>1A1</i> gene polymorphisms:: Susceptibility to oxidative damage and cancer?; The UDP-glucuronosyltransferase 1A1 (UCT1A1) gene product catalyzes the glucuronidation of serum bilirubin as part of normal heme catabolism. Recently, TA repeat polymorphisms containing five, six, seven, and eight TA dinucleotides in a putative TATA box in the promoter region of the UGT1A1 gene have been described. TA repeat number modulates UGT1A1 transcriptional activity and the quantity of enzyme available to conjugate serum bilirubin. Serum bilirubin is a known antioxidant, and low serum bilirubin has been associated with increased risk for coronary artery disease and inhibition of reactive oxygen species (ROS)-induced damage to erythrocytes in vitro. We hypothesize that the UGT1A1 TA repeals or other functional polymorphisms resulting in lower serum bilirubin levels may be predictive of genetic susceptibility to oxidative damage and cancer. Exposure-related or endogenous production of ROS may impact the integrity of cellular macromolecules and infrastructure, lead to DNA base changes or chromosomal aberrations, and induce toxicity or apoptosis. ROS damage to lipoproteins may be a factor in formation of atherogenic plaques in coronary heart disease. Thus, cellular oxidative stress could contribute to tumorigenesis through mutagenic or epigenetic pathways, and higher serum bilirubin levels should inhibit this process. No definitive studies have been performed, but in a small prospective study of colon cancer, serum bilirubin levels were observed to be lower in these cases. Another study has suggested a link between UGT1A1 alleles, estrogen metabolism, and risk in breast cancer. Epidemiologic studies examining variation in ROS metabolism, ROS damage, bilirubin, and cancer risk will demonstrate the value of this hypothesis. Published 2000 Wiley-Liss, Inc.(dagger).
THE ORTHOGONAL ELECTROCARDIOGRAM AS RISK INDICATOR FOR THE PREDICTION OF MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION AND OR CARDIAC DEATH; In a prospective study on Coronary Heart Disease (CHD) orthogonal electrocardiograms (Frank) were recorded annually for ten years from 1,444 asymptomatic, middle-aged males with a mean age of 57.4 .+-. 10.6 years. Cases with overt or suspected CHD were excluded. The purpose of the study was to identify risk indicators in electrocardiograms and to compare them with other known risk factors used for prediction of acute CHD events such as myocardial infarction (MI) and/or cardiac death (CD). Such  acute events occurred in 88 cases. Pre-event ECGs of these acute events were compared with all others without events, using logistic regression analysis. Identified ECG risk indicators were then compared with other known risk factors such as smoking, blood pressure, cholesterol, age, weight, etc. The predictive power of the ECG, derived mainly from the ST-T complex, exceeded all others by a wide margin. The amplitude of the first 1/8 of the ST-T complex in lead x (similar to V5-V6) together with relative body weight proved best when one preevent record was available. Prediction improved when ECG changes between two preevent recordings were included. Precision of measurements by computer appeared essential for improvements in CHD prediction.
EVALUATION OF A QRS SCORING SYSTEM FOR ESTIMATING MYOCARDIAL INFARCT SIZE .8. SPECIFICITY IN A CONTROL-GROUP WITH LEFT-VENTRICULAR HYPERTROPHY AND PROPOSAL OF A NEW SCORING SYSTEM FOR USE WITH THIS CONFOUNDING FACTOR; Electrocardiographic differentiation between left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) and myocardial infarction (MI) is often difficult because both diagnoses are based primarily on QRS changes on the electrocardiogram (ECG). The specific goal of this study was the development of ECG criteria that could be used with the complete Selvester QRS scoring system for MI size in patients with LVH. A study population of 127 patients had significant aortic valve disease verified by cardiac catheterization. Inclusion in the study required no significant coronary artery disease, no focal contraction abnormality on the left ventriculogram, and no documented MI. Quantitative criteria for LVH developed by Bonner (IBM) and also those developed by the Cornell group were used to determine the ECG evidence for LVH in each patient. one or both sets of criteria were met in 110 (87%) of the 127 patients. This group was compared to a previously evaluated control population of 500 normal subjects. The complete 54-criteria, 32-point QRS MI size scoring system was applied to the 12-lead ECG of both groups. The score was 98% specific in the normal controls and 73% specific in the LVH group using a score of > 3 points as diagnostic for MI. Of the 54 individual QRS criteria, 16 failed to achieve 95% specificity in the LVH population: 13 were for anterior (and apical), 2 for inferior, and 1 for posterior locations. Of these 16, minor modifications to 11 were sufficient to achieve the 95% specificity standard. The resultant 49-criteria, 31-point QRS score for estimating MI size in patients with LVH was 95% specific using a level of > 3 points as diagnostic for Mi. The sensitivity of this score and its ability to predict MI size in the presence of LVH must now be tested in prospective studies of patients with documented LVH, with and without MI.
Association between Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme Inhibitors and Troponin in Acute Coronary Syndrome; Background: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of mortality in the western world and its treatment should be optimized to decrease severe adverse events. Objective: To determine the effect of previous use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors on cardiac troponin I measurement in patients with Non-ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction (NSTE-ACS) and evaluate clinical outcomes at 180 days. Methods: Prospective, observational study, carried out in a tertiary center, in patients with Non-ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction (NSTE-ACS). Clinical, electrocardiographic and laboratory variables were analyzed,with emphasis on previous use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and cardiac troponin I. The Pearson chi-square tests (Pereira) or Fisher's exact test (Armitage) were used, as well as the non-parametric Mann-Whitney's test. Variables with significance levels of < 10% were submitted to multiple logistic regression model. Results: A total of 457 patients with a mean age of 62.1 years, of whom 63.7% were males, were included. Risk factors such as hypertension (85.3%) and dyslipidemia (75.9%) were the most prevalent, with 35% of diabetics. In the evaluation of events at 180 days, there were 28 deaths (6.2%). The statistical analysis showed that the variables that interfered with troponin elevation (> 0.5 ng / mL) were high blood glucose at admission (p = 0.0034) and ST-segment depression >= 0.5 mm in one or more leads (p = 0.0016). The use of angiotensin-converting inhibitors prior to hospitalization was associated with troponin <= 0.5 ng / mL (p = 0.0482). The C-statistics for this model was 0.77. Conclusion: This study showed a correlation between prior use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and reduction in the myocardial necrosis marker troponin I in patients admitted for Non-ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction (NSTE-ACS). However, there are no data available yet to state that this reduction could lead to fewer severe clinical events such as death and re-infarction at 180 days.
Past, current and future concepts in atherosclerotic biobanking; Knowledge on the pathogenesis of atherosclerotic disease mainly originates from observations made by pathologists who systemically collected vascular tissue. Biobanking of human tissues has become a professionalized joint effort, including the expertise of epidemiologists, pathologists and biologists. Mostly, biobanks are used for cross-sectional studies and the obtained specimens often represent later stages of disease. Technical improvements in high-throughput genetic and proteomic screening lead to important new insights into pathophysiological processes. Atherosclerotic disease progression is a major killer in the Western society. Pathological biobanking studies revealed insights in plaque progression and destabilization. However, atherosclerotic disease is a typical example where insights into progression of the disease may be hampered by the cross-sectional design of the biobanks. This article will focus on the accomplishments that have been made through biobanking of atherosclerotic tissues in the past and the present. In addition, future potentials of atherosclerotic plaque biobanks will be discussed.
THE LOW-RISK CARDIAC PATIENT - AN OPPORTUNITY FOR COST-CONTAINMENT; The pressure to maintain high standards in the face of diminished medical funding has promoted a search for a low risk group of patients seen in cardiac practice in whom diagnostic and therapeutic technologies can be kept to a minimum. This study reports experience in a single cardiology practice in which all patients had a history taken, a clinical examination performed, and most had an electrocardiogram. Thereafter investigation and treatment was tailored to the individual patient's need. A retrospective study of 113 patients revealed that 93 (82%) had high risk characteristics prior to their death: cardiac failure; unstable coronary heart disease; clinical or laboratory evidence of poor systolic function of the left ventricle or inoperable coronary artery disease; elective major surgery; evidence of poor prognosis due to non-cardiac disease. In contrast, only 124 (21%) of 588 consecutive patients seen in consultation had high risk characteristics. The prevalence adjusted mortality ratio of high to low risk cases was 17.4/1 and in one third of cases, high risk status was less than 6 months duration. In a prospective study, 144 cases were classified at high risk and 373 al low risk. Three year survival rates were 74 and 91% respectively (p < 0.0001).46 (12.3%) of the 373 patients initially at low risk subsequently developed clinical features which permanently placed them in the high risk category. The 3 year survival in the low to high risk converters was 47% compared with 97% survival in those remaining at low risk throughout the period of observation (p < 0.001). Patients who persisted in the low risk category had a 1% per annum risk of death, a mortality rate unlikely to be improved by an approach based on intensive diagnosis and treatment. We believe that a history, physical examination and a 12-lead electrocardiogram can stratify the risk of death almost as well as all the tests available to a cardiologist. Confining special investigation to high risk patients is likely to result in more effective use of the limited health care dollar.
Assessment of QT dispersion for prediction of mortality or arrhythmic events after myocardial infarction - Results of a prospective, long-term follow-up study; Background-Risk stratification by means of analysis of QT dispersion (QTD) in the l2-lead surface ECG is under intense investigation in various patient populations. The aim of the present prospective study was to evaluate the prognostic value of QTD and other ECG variables reflecting dispersion of ventricular repolarization in comparison with established risk stratifiers during long-term follow-up in a large cohort of post-myocardial infarction patients treated according to contemporary therapeutic guidelines. Methods and Results-In 280 consecutive infarct survivors, the 12-lead ECG was optically scanned and digitized for analysis of QTD (QT(max)-QT(min)) and 25 other repolarization variables, including recently developed and validated parameters such as the T peak-to-T end interval and the area under the T wave. in addition, a variety of established risk stratifiers were assessed. After a mean follow-up period of 32 +/- 10 months, 30 patients reached one of the prospectively defined study end points (death, ventricular tachycardia, or resuscitated ventricular fibrillation). Comparisons between event and nonevent patients by means of Kaplan-Meier event probability analyses revealed that none of the ECG dispersion variables were of discriminative value. In contrast, variables such as left ventricular ejection fraction (P=0.007), mean 24-hour heart rate (P=0.022), or heart rate variability (P=0.007) proved to be potentially useful risk stratifiers in this patient population. On multivariate analysis, only LVEF, heart rate variability, and a history of thrombolysis were independent predictors of outcome. Conclusions-Determination of QTD from the surface ECG even when performed with the best available methodology failed to predict subsequent risk in this large series of infarct survivors.
Fish consumption and risk of stroke: a second prospective case-control study from northern Sweden; Background: Fish consumption has been concluded to be associated with decreased risk of stroke in several reviews. However, among men, but not women, an increased risk of stroke was previously found at high fish consumption (> 3 meals/week) in northern Sweden. This study investigates if previous results on elevated stroke risk with high fish consumption in men in northern Sweden can be confirmed in a larger study with new cases in the same population. Methods: A prospective nested case-control study was performed within the population-based Northern Sweden Health and Disease Study cohort. Information on fish consumption, other lifestyle and medical data was collected at baseline. Incident stroke cases (1987-2007, n = 735) were identified and 2698 controls matched for gender, age, year of baseline and geographical region. Results: There were no associations between total fish or fatty fish consumption and stroke risk; thus the previous finding of increased risk of stroke with high fish consumption in men could not be repeated. High intake of lean fish (> twice/week compared to < once/month) was associated with increased stroke risk in men [ OR 1.80 (95% CI 1. 00, 3.21), but not in women [OR 0.50 (95% CI 0.24, 1.10)]. The association was driven by men living alone. Conclusions: The previous association between high total fish consumption and risk of stroke in men could not be repeated. The increased risk found in men with high intake of lean fish may be due to chance or confounding specific for this group.
Revisiting Clinical Utility of Chest Radiography and Electrocardiogram to Determine Ischemic Stroke Subtypes: Special Reference on Vascular Pedicle Width and Maximal P-Wave Duration; Backgrounds: It is often difficult to diagnose stroke subtypes at admission, particularly in sinus rhythm cases. Vascular pedicle width (VPW) on chest X-ray (CXR) and maximal P-wave duration (P-max) on electrocardiogram (ECG) are again realized as useful parameters reflecting intravascular volume and atrial conduction status, respectively. We investigated the utility of VPW and P-max as a tool for differentiating ischemic stroke subtypes. Methods: We studied 343 acute stroke patients showing sinus rhythm on admission. Dividing the patients into cardioembolic (CE) stroke (n = 57) and non-CE (n = 286) groups, we compared clinical backgrounds including VPW on CXR, and P-max in lead II and premature atrial contraction (PAC) on 12-leads ECG. Then, we investigated the independent factors for CE. Results: Independent factors associated with CE were VPW (>= 59.3 mm) (p < 0.001; odds ratio (OR), 10.12; 95% confidence interval (CI), 4.13-24.8), P-max in lead II (>= 120 ms) (p < 0.001; OR, 8.61; 95% CI, 3.96-18.7), PAC (p = 0.002; OR, 7.35; 95% CI, 2.14-25.3) and D-dimer level (>= 1.11 mu g/ml) (p = 0.016; OR, 2.57; 95% CI, 1.20-5.51). Conclusions: VPW, P-max, PAC and D-dimer are useful parameters for diagnosing CE stroke in patients with sinus rhythm at admission. (C) 2015 S. Karger AG, Basel
Potential limitations of electronic database studies of prescription non-aspirin non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NANSAIDs) and risk of myocardial infarction (MI); Purpose To determine whether specific limitations in electronic database studies may lead to biased estimates of the association between prescription, non-selective non-aspirin non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NANSAIDs) and myocardial infarction (MI) Methods Using our case-control study of NANSAIDs and first, non-fatal MI, we determined the odds ratio (OR) for prescription NANSAIDs and MI. In the 'Replicating Electronic Database Analysis,' we considered non-prescription NANSAID users to be 'non-users,' did not stratify by aspirin use, and did not adjust for confounders typically unavailable or incomplete in existing databases. In the 'Misclassification Assessment Analysis,' we removed non-prescription NANSAIDs from the 'non-user' category. In the 'Confounding Assessment Analysis #1,' we additionally adjusted for smoking, family history, and years of education. In the 'Confounding Assessment Analysis #2,' we also adjusted for body mass index (BMI) and physical activity. In the 'Interaction Assessment Analysis,' we stratified on aspirin use and repeated the latter analysis. Results The prevalence of current ' NANSAID and aspirin use was higher in our controls than in electronic database studies, consistent with the fact that non-prescription NANSAIDs accounted for 81% of all NANSAID use. Education, physical activity, and BMI also were associated with prescription NANSAID use. When each potential source of bias was removed, the OR for NANSAIDs moved further from 1.0 (i.e., toward a protective association with MI): 'Replicating Electronic Database' analysis (OR 1.00, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.78-1.28); 'Misclassification Assessment Analysis' (OR 0.89, 95%CI: 0.70-1.14); 'Confounding Assessment Analysis #1' (OR 0.85, 95%CI: 0.66-1.10); 'Confounding Assessment Analysis #2' (OR 0.78, 95%CI: 0.60-1.01); 'Interaction Assessment Analysis' (OR 0.69, 95%CI: 0.51-0.95). Conclusions Limitations in electronic databases may be responsible for the lack of association of NANSAIDs on lower MI risk noted in these studies. Further studies-preferably randomized trials-are needed to address the risk-benefit ratio of NANSAID use. Copyright (c) 2005 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Pilot study of correlation of pulp stones with cardiovascular disease; We propose that calcification of dental pulp may have a similar pathogenesis as calcified atheromas and could lead to use of routine dental radiographs as a rapid screening method for early identification of potential cardiovascular disease (CVD). Fifty-five dental patients ages 20 to 55 were chosen because pulp stones in pulpally noninflamed teeth were not expected in this age group. They completed a questionnaire regarding their CVD status and that of their parents and siblings. Entry criteria included at least one asymptomatic, minimally restored, noncarious molar and no history of gout, renal disease, or renal lithiasis. Patients' periapical radiographs of record were viewed to determine the presence of pulp stones. There was a significant relationship between pre-existing CVD and pulp stones (odds ratio of 4.4 with a 95% confidence interval of 1.1, 18.7), but no relationship was found for family history of CVD and pulp stones (odds ratio of 1.7 with a 95% confidence interval of 0.5, 5.5). Seventy-four percent (14/19) of patients with reported CVD had detectable pulp stones while only 39% (14/36) of patients without a history of CVD had pulp stones. This pilot study demonstrates that patients with CVD have an increased incidence of pulp stones in teeth with noninflamed pulps compared to patients with no history of CVD. No relationship was found between presence of pulp stones and family history of CVD. The findings suggest that dental radiographic determination of the presence or absence of pulp stones may have possibilities for use in CVD screening.
Lack of Association between Genetic Risk Loci for Restless Legs Syndrome and Multimorbidity; Study Objectives: Multimorbidity is a risk factor for incident restless legs syndrome (RLS). In this relationship, the potential role of known genetic risk loci for RLS has not been studied. Our aim was to evaluate whether carriers of specific RLS risk alleles have higher comorbidity burden than noncarriers. Methods: The Dortmund Health Study (DHS) and the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP) are two independent cohort studies in Germany based on age-stratified, random samples drawn from the respective population registers. DHS included 1,312 subjects and SHIP included 4,308 subjects. RLS status was assessed according to the RLS standard minimal criteria. A comorbidity index was calculated by summing the scores of the following conditions: diabetes, hypertension, myocardial infarction, obesity, stroke, cancer, renal disease, anemia, depression, thyroid disease, and migraine. Thirteen single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) previously associated with elevated risk of RLS were genotyped. Analyses were carried out on the pooled sample of the two studies. Results: The mean age was 50.4 +/- 15.9 y, and the proportion of women was 51.4%. The mean number of comorbid conditions was 1.5 +/- 1.3. In multivariable regression, the mean number of comorbidities was not significantly different between carriers of any of the RLS risk alleles and noncarriers either in the total pooled sample or in those having RLS symptoms. Conclusions: Based on these results it is unlikely that known genetic risk factors for RLS would lead to increased multimorbidity.
Psychiatric and medical admissions observed among elderly patients with new-onset epilepsy; Background: Inpatient utilization associated with incidence of geriatric new-onset epilepsy has not been characterized in any large study, despite recognized high levels of risk factors (comorbidity). Methods: Retrospective study using administrative data (Oct '01-Sep '05) from the Veterans Health Administration from a nationwide sample of 824,483 patients over age 66 in the retrospective observational Treatment In Geriatric Epilepsy Research (TIGER) study. Psychiatric and medical hospital admissions were analyzed as a function of patient demographics, comorbid psychiatric, neurological, and other medical conditions, and new-onset epilepsy. Results: Elderly patients experienced a 15% hospitalization rate in FY00 overall, but the subset of new-onset epilepsy patients (n = 1,610) had a 52% hospitalization rate. New-onset epilepsy was associated with three-fold increased relative odds of psychiatric admission and nearly five-fold increased relative odds of medical admission. Among new-onset epilepsy patients, alcohol dependence was most strongly associated with psychiatric admission during the first year after epilepsy onset (odds ratio = 5.2; 95% confidence interval 2.6-10.0), while for medical admissions the strongest factor was myocardial infarction (odds ratio = 4.7; 95% confidence interval 2.7-8.3). Conclusion: From the patient point of view, new-onset epilepsy was associated with an increased risk of medical admission as well as of psychiatric admission. From an analytic perspective, omitting epilepsy and other neurological conditions may lead to overestimation of the risk of admission attributable solely to psychiatric conditions. Finally, from a health systems perspective, the emerging picture of the epilepsy patient with considerable comorbidity and demand for healthcare resources may merit development of practice guidelines to improve coordinated delivery of care.
Incremental Diagnostic Performance of Combined Parameters in the Detection of Severe Coronary Artery Disease Using Exercise Gated Myocardial Perfusion Imaging; Purpose Myocardial perfusion imaging (MPI) using gated single-photon emission tomography (gSPECT) may underestimate the severity of coronary artery disease (CAD). This study aimed to evaluate the significance of combined parameters derived from gSPECT, as well as treadmill stress test parameters, in the detection of severe CAD. Methods A total of 211 consecutive patients referred for exercise MPI between June 2011 and June 2013 (who received invasive coronary angiography within six months after MPI) were retrospectively reviewed. Exercise MPI was performed with Bruce protocol and Tl-201 injected at peak exercise. Gated SPECT was performed using a cadmium-zinc-telluride camera and processed by QPS/QGS software. Perfusion defect abnormalities such as sum stress score (SSS); sum difference score, algorithm-derived total perfusion deficits, transient ischemic dilatation ratios of end-diastolic volumes and end-systolic volumes, post-stress changes in ejection fraction, and lung/heart ratio (LHR) were calculated. Treadmill parameters, including ST depression (STD) at the 1st and 3rd minutes of recovery stage (1'STD and 3'STD), maximal STD corrected by heart rate increment (ST/HR), heart rate decline in 1st and 3rd minutes of recovery stage, recovery heart rate ratio (HR ratio), systolic and mean blood pressure ratios (SBP ratio and MAP ratio) during recovery phase were recorded. Diagnostic performances of these parameters were analyzed with receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis and logistic regression for detection of left main (>= 50%) or 3-vessel disease (all >= 70% luminal stenosis) on invasive angiography. Results Among various MPI and treadmill parameters used for detection of severe CAD, SSS and ST/HR had the highest AUC (0.78, 0.73, p = NS) and best cut-off values (SSS > 6, ST/HR > 17.39 10(-2)mV/bpm), respectively. By univariate logistic regression, all parameters except 1'HRR, 3'HRR, SBP and MAP ratios increased the odds ratio of severe CAD. Only increased L/H ratio, 3'STD, and HR ratio remained significant after multivariate regression. The predicted values of combined MPI and treadmill parameters (LHR, 3'STD, and HR ratio) gave the best ROC (AUC: 0.91) than any individual parameter or parameter combination. Conclusions Of all treadmill and gSPECT parameters, the combination of MPI and treadmill parameters can offer better diagnostic performance for severe CAD.
The incidence of co-morbidities related to obesity and overweight: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Overweight and obese persons are at risk of a number of medical conditions which can lead to further morbidity and mortality. The primary objective of this study is to provide an estimate of the incidence of each co-morbidity related to obesity and overweight using a meta-analysis. Methods: A literature search for the twenty co-morbidities identified in a preliminary search was conducted in Medline and Embase (Jan 2007). Studies meeting the inclusion criteria (prospective cohort studies of sufficient size reporting risk estimate based on the incidence of disease) were extracted. Study-specific unadjusted relative risks (RRs) on the log scale comparing overweight with normal and obese with normal were weighted by the inverse of their corresponding variances to obtain a pooled RR with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: A total of 89 relevant studies were identified. The review found evidence for 18 co-morbidities which met the inclusion criteria. The meta-analysis determined statistically significant associations for overweight with the incidence of type II diabetes, all cancers except esophageal (female), pancreatic and prostate cancer, all cardiovascular diseases (except congestive heart failure), asthma, gallbladder disease, osteoarthritis and chronic back pain. We noted the strongest association between overweight defined by body mass index (BMI) and the incidence of type II diabetes in females (RR = 3.92 (95% CI: 3.10-4.97)). Statistically significant associations with obesity were found with the incidence of type II diabetes, all cancers except esophageal and prostate cancer, all cardiovascular diseases, asthma, gallbladder disease, osteoarthritis and chronic back pain. Obesity defined by BMI was also most strongly associated with the incidence of type II diabetes in females (12.41 (9.03-17.06)). Conclusion: Both overweight and obesity are associated with the incidence of multiple co-morbidities including type II diabetes, cancer and cardiovascular diseases. Maintenance of a healthy weight could be important in the prevention of the large disease burden in the future. Further studies are needed to explore the biological mechanisms that link overweight and obesity with these co-morbidities.
Stroke in cardiac surgical patients: Determinants and outcome; Background. Despite improving outcomes in cardiac surgical patients, stroke continues to remain a major complication. Few prospective studies are available on postoperative stroke. The present study was conducted to elucidate the incidence and predictors of stroke in a large group of cardiac surgical patients. Methods and Results. Prospective data collected on 4,941 patients undergoing cardiac surgery were subjected to univariate and logistic regression analyses (98.4% men; 72% older than 60 years; 9.1% with history of prior stroke; 80.4% underwent isolated coronary artery bypass grafting). Stroke predictors include history of stroke and hypertension, older age, systolic hypertension, bronchodilator and diuretic use, high serum creatinine, surgical priority, great vessel repair, use of inotropic agents after cardiopulmonary bypass, and total cardiopulmonary bypass time (p < 0.05 for all comparisons). Median intensive care unit and hospital stays were longer, and hospital mortality and 6-month mortality were higher for patients with stroke (p < 0.001). Conclusions. Stroke after cardiac surgical procedures is a morbid event. Identification of predictors and development of strategies to modify these factors should lead to a lower incidence of stroke. (C) 1999 by The Society of Thoracic Surgeons.
25-Hydroxyvitamin D Levels and the Risk of Stroke A Prospective Study and Meta-analysis; Background and Purpose-Despite evidence suggesting that vitamin D deficiency may lead to elevated cardiovascular disease risk, results regarding the association of 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25[OH] D) levels with stroke risk are inconclusive. We aimed to examine this association in a prospective study in women and to summarize all existing data in a meta-analysis. Methods-We measured 25(OH) D levels among 464 women who developed ischemic stroke and an equal number of control subjects who were free of stroke through 2006 in the Nurses' Health Study (NHS). We searched MEDLINE and EMBASE for articles published through March 2011 that prospectively evaluated 25(OH) D levels in relation to stroke. Results-After multivariable adjustment for lifestyle and dietary covariates, lower 25(OH) D levels were associated with an elevated risk of ischemic stroke in the NHS: the OR (95% CI) comparing women in the lowest versus highest tertiles was 1.49 (1.01-2.18; P-trend = 0.04). We found 6 other prospective studies that examined 25(OH) D in relation to stroke outcomes. After pooling our results with these prospective studies that included 1214 stroke cases in total, low 25(OH) D levels were associated with increased risk of developing stroke outcomes in comparison to high levels: the pooled relative risk (95% CI) was 1.52 (1.20-1.85; I-2 = 0.0%, P-heterogeneity = 0.63). In 2 studies that explicitly examined ischemic stroke, this association was 1.59 (1.07-2.12; I-2 = 0.0%, P-heterogeneity = 0.80). Conclusions-These data provide evidence that low vitamin D levels are modestly associated with risk of stroke. Maintaining adequate vitamin D status may lower the risk of stroke in women. (Stroke. 2012; 43: 1470-1477.)
Intima-media thickness: a new tool for diagnosis and treatment of cardiovascular risk; Increased intima-media thickness (IMT) is a non-invasive marker of early arterial wall alteration, which is easily assessed in the carotid artery by B-mode ultrasound, and more and more widely used in clinical research. Methods of IMT measurement can be categorized by two approaches: (I) measurement at multiple extracranial carotid sites in near and far walls and (ii) computerized measurement restricted to the far wall of the distal common carotid artery. Because IMT reflects global cardiovascular risk, its normal value might be better defined in terms of increased risk rather than in terms of statistical distribution within a healthy population. The available epidemiological data indicate that increased IMT (at or above 1 mm) represents a risk of myocardial infarction and/or cerebrovascular disease. Close relationships have been shown between: (I) most traditional cardiovascular risk factors; (ii) certain emerging risk factors such as lipoproteins, psychosocial status, plasma viscosity, or hyperhomocysteinemia; and (ill) various cardiovascular or organ damages such as white matter lesion of the brain, left ventricular hypertrophy, microalbuminuria or decreased ankle to brachial systolic pressure index. Thus, IMT gives a comprehensive picture of the alterations caused by multiple risk factors over time on arterial walls. Prospective primary and secondary prevention studies have also shown that increased IMT is a powerful predictor of coronary and cerebrovascular complications (risk ratio from 2 to 6) with a higher predictive value when IMT is measured at multiple extracranial carotid sites than solely in the distal common carotid artery. Therapeutic double-blind trials have shown that lipid-lowering drugs, such as resin and overall statines, and to a lesser extent antihypertensive drugs, such as calcium antagonists, may have a beneficial effect on IMT progression in asymptomatic or in coronary patients. However, methodological standardization of IMT measurement still needs to be implemented before routine measurement of IMT can be proposed in clinical practice as a diagnostic tool for stratifying cardiovascular risk in primary prevention and for aggressive treatment decision. It can be anticipated however, that the presence of increased carotid IMT in one individual with intermediate cardiovascular risk would lead to his classification into the high-risk category and thus influence the aggressiveness of risk factor modifications. J Hypertens 20:159-169 (C) 2002 Lippincott Williams Wilkins.
Severity of residual stenosis of infarct-related lesion and left ventricular function after single-vessel anterior wall myocardial infarction: Implication of ST-segment elevation in lead aVL of the admission electrocardiograms; Background: The relationship between the severity of chronic-phase stenosis of infarct-related lesions (IRLs) and chronic left ventricular function in anterior acute myocardial infarctions (AMI) has not been adequately investigated. Hypothesis: This study investigated whether ST elevation in lead a VL of admission electrocardiogram (ECG) would be a determinant factor of the relationship between the severity of stenosis of the IRL and chronic left ventricular function after anterior wall AMI. Methods: One month after AMI, the IRL was evaluated by coronary angiography in 98 patients with anterior AMI, and left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) was determined using multigated radionuclide angiocardiography. Patients were classified according to the severity of the IRL: patients with 100% occlusion (Group O), patients with 90 to 99% stenosis (Group H), and patients with less than or equal to 75% stenosis (Group L). Patients with ST elevation greater than or equal to 0.1 mV in the a VL lead on their admission ECG were included in the ST-elevation group, and those with ST elevation <0.1 mV were included in the non-ST-elevation group. Results: The LVEF was greater in the non-ST-elevation group than in the ST-elevation group (p<0.0001), and the LVEF in a whole group as follows: Group L LVEF > Group H LVEF>Group O LVEF (p = 0.0160). Ln the ST-elevation, group, LVEF was higher in Group L than in the other groups (p = 0.0251). There were three independent predictors of a reduced LVEF: ST-elevation in a VL [odds ratio (OR): 3.38, p = 0.0044], IRL stenosis greater than or equal to 90% (OR: 2.90, p = 0.0044), and the IRL occurring in the left anterior descending artery proximal to the first diagonal branch (OR: 6.31, p = 0.0024). Conclusion: Left ventricular function was preserved, regardless of the severity of residual stenosis, in patients without ST elevation in a VL if the IRL was not totally occluded. In patients with ST elevation in a VL, LVEF was lower in patients with more severe stenosis, even if the IRL was patent.
Value of posterior and right ventricular leads in comparison to the standard 12-lead electrocardiogram in evaluation of ST-segment elevation in suspected acute myocardial infarction; In this multicenter prospective trial, we studied posterior (V-7 to V-9) and right ventricular (V4R to V6R) leads to assess their accuracy compared with standard 12-lead electrocardiograms (ECGs) for the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Patients aged >34 years with suspected AMI received posterior and right ventricular leads immediately after the initial 12-lead EGG. ST elevation of 0.1 mV in 2 leads was blindly determined and inter-rater reliability estimated. AMI was diagnosed by World Health Organization criteria. The diagnostic value of nonstandard leads was determined when 12-lead ST elevation was absent and present and multivariate stepwise regression analysis was also performed. Of 533 study patients, 64.7% (345 of 533) had AMI and 24.8% received thrombolytic therapy. Posterior and right ventricular leads increased sensitivity for AMI by 8.4% (p = 0.03) but decreased specificity by 7.0% (p = 0.06). The likelihood ratios of a positive test for 12, 12 + posterior, and 12 + right ventricular ECGs were 6.4, 5.6, and 4.5, respectively. Increased AMI rates (positive predictive values) were found when ST elevation was present on 6 nonstandard leads (69.1%), on 12 leads only (88.4%), and on both 6 and 12 leads (96.8%; p <0.001). Treatment rates with thrombolytic therapy increased in parallel with this electrocardiographic gradient. Logistic regression analysis showed that 4 leads were independently predictive of AMI (p <0.001): leads I, II, V-3, V5R; V-9 approached statistical significance (p = 0.055). The standard ECG is not optimal for detecting ST-segment elevation in AMI, but its accuracy is only modestly improved by the addition of posterior and right ventricular leads. (C) 1997 by Excerpta Medico, Inc.
Impact of Early ST-Segment Changes on Cardiac Magnetic Resonance-Verified Intramyocardial Haemorrhage and Microvascular Obstruction in ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction Patients; The aim of this study was to explore the significance of different ST-segment changes before and after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), in relation to cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR)-verified microvascular obstruction (MVO) along with intramyocardial hemorrhage (IMH) in ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) patients.This study enrolled 108 STEMI patients who received primary PCI and had no contraindication of CMR investigation. Sum ST-segment elevation (STE), maximal STE on admission and sum ST-segment resolution (STR), and single-lead STR and residual STE at 60 minutes after primary PCI were assessed. MVO and IMH were determined by contrast-enhanced CMR.Patients were classified into 3 groups: 30 patients with MVO(-)/IMH(-), 25 with MVO(+)/IMH(-), and 53 with MVO(+)/IMH(+). Sum STE (P=0.001), maximal STE (P<0.001), and residual STE (P=0.025) were highest and single-lead STR was lowest (P=0.044) in the MVO(+)/IMH(+) group. Receiver operator characteristics curve analysis revealed that maximal STE was the most powerful factor for distinguishing between MVO(+) and MVO(-) patients (optimal threshold=0.5mV, area under the curve, AUC=0.718, P<0.001), or IMH(+) and IMH(-) patients (optimal threshold=0.5mV, AUC=0.697, P<0.001). In multivariate analysis, maximal STE was identified as the most powerful independent predictor of MVO (odds ratio [OR]=4.30, P<0.001) and IMH (OR=2.44, P=0.001), whereas sum STE was the strongest correlate of both the number of MVO segments (r=0.42, P<0.001) and IMH segments (r=0.43, P<0.001).The presence of MVO and IMH in infarcted tissue was relevant to ST-segment changes in STEMI patients. Maximal STE was a powerful independent predictor of the presence of MVO and IMH, whereas sum STE was a strong correlate of the number of MVO and IMH segments.
Characteristics of 9194 patients with left ventricular hypertrophy -: The LIFE study; Losartan was the first available orally administered selective antagonist of the angiotensin II type 1 receptor developed for the treatment of hypertension. The Losartan Intervention For Endpoint (LIFE) Reduction in Hypertension Study is a double-blind, prospective, parallel group study designed to compare the effects of losartan with those of the beta-blocker atenolol on the reduction of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Patients with essential hypertension, aged between 55 and 80 years, and EGG-documented left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) were included. Altogether, 9223 patients in Scandinavia, the United Kingdom, and the United States were randomized from June 1995 through April 1997, and 9194 remain after exclusion of a study center at which irregularities were discovered. This population of hypertensives (mean systolic/diastolic blood pressure, 174.4/97.8 mm Hg) with LVH comprises women (54.1%) and men, mostly retired from active work (mean age, 66.9 years), with a high prevalence of overweight (mean body mass index, 28.0 kg/m(2)), diabetes mellitus (12.3%), lipid disorders (18.0%), and symptoms or signs of coronary heart disease (15.1%). There were fewer current smokers (<17%) than in the general population, and approximate to 7% were nonwhite. Almost 30% of participants had been untreated for at least 6 months when screened for the study. Only 1557 persons who entered the placebo run-in period of 14 days were excluded, predominantly because of sitting blood pressures above or below the predetermined range of 160-200/95-115 mm Hg and ECG-LVH criteria not met. By application of simple 12-lead ECG criteria for LVH (Cornell voltage QRS duration product formula plus Sokolow-Lyon voltage read by a core laboratory), hypertensive patients with LVH with an average 5-year coronary heart disease risk of 22.3% according to the Framingham score were identified. This population is now being treated (goal, <140/90 mm Hg) in adherence with the protocol for at least 4 years after final enrollment (ie, through April 2001) and until at least 1040 patients suffer myocardial infarction, stroke, or cardiovascular death.
Effect of lipid lowering on new-onset atrial fibrillation in patients with asymptomatic aortic stenosis: The Simvastatin and Ezetimibe in Aortic Stenosis (SEAS) study; Background Lipid-lowering drugs, particularly statins, have anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties that may prevent atrial fibrillation (AF). This effect has not been investigated on new-onset AF in asymptomatic patients with aortic stenosis (AS). Methods Asymptomatic patients with mild-to-moderate AS (n = 1,421) were randomized (1: 1) to double-blind simvastatin 40 mg and ezetimibe 10 mg combination or placebo and followed up for a mean of 4.3 years. The primary end point was the time to new-onset AF adjudicated by 12-lead electrocardiogram at a core laboratory reading center. Secondary outcomes were the correlates of new-onset AF with nonfatal nonhemorrhagic stroke and a combined end point of AS-related events. Results During the course of the study, new-onset AF was detected in 85 (6%) patients (14.2/1,000 person-years of follow-up). At baseline, patients who developed AF were, compared with those remaining in sinus rhythm, older and had a higher left ventricular mass index a smaller aortic valve area index. Treatment with simvastatin and ezetimibe was not associated with less new-onset AF (odds ratio 0.89 [95% CI 0.57-1.97], P = .717). In contrast, age (hazard ratio [HR] 1.07 [95% CI 1.05-1.10], P < .001) and left ventricular mass index (HR 1.01 [95% CI 1.01-1.02], P < .001) were independent predictors of new-onset AF. The occurrence of new-onset AF was independently associated with 2-fold higher risk of AS-related outcomes (HR 1.65 [95% CI 1.02-2.66], P = .04) and 4-fold higher risk of nonfatal nonhemorrhagic stroke (HR 4.04 [95% CI 1.18-13.82], P = .03). Conclusions Simvastatin and ezetimibe were not associated with less new-onset AF. Older age and greater left ventricular mass index were independent predictors of AF development. New-onset AF was associated with a worsening of prognosis. (Am Heart J 2012;163:690-6.)
Predictors of an Inadequate Defibrillation Safety Margin at ICD Implantation Insights From the National Cardiovascular Data Registry; BACKGROUND Defibrillation testing is often performed to establish effective arrhythmia termination, but predictors and consequences of an inadequate defibrillation safety margin (DSM) remain largely unknown. OBJECTIVES The aims of this study were to develop a simple risk score predictive of an inadequate DSM at implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD) implantation and to examine the association of an inadequate DSM with adverse events. METHODS A total of 132,477 ICD Registry implantations between 2010 and 2012 were analyzed. Using logistic regression models, factors most predictive of an inadequate DSM (defined as the lowest successful energy tested < 10 J from maximal device output) were identified, and the association of an inadequate DSM with adverse events was evaluated. RESULTS Inadequate DSMs occurred in 12,397 patients (9.4%). A simple risk score composed of 8 easily identifiable variables characterized patients at high and low risk for an inadequate DSM, including (with assigned points) age < 70 years (1 point); male sex (1 point); race: black (4 points), Hispanic (2 points), or other (1 point); New York Heart Association functional class III (1 point) or IV (3 points); no ischemic heart disease (2 points); renal dialysis (3 points); secondary prevention indication (1 point); and ICD type: single-chamber (2 points) or biventricular (1 point) device. An inadequate DSM was associated with greater odds of complications (odds ratio: 1.22; 95% confidence interval: 1.09 to 1.37; p 0.0006), hospital stay > 3 days (odds ratio: 1.24; 95% confidence interval: 1.19 to 1.30; p < 0.0001), and in-hospital mortality (odds ratio: 1.96; 95% confidence interval: 1.63 to 2.36; p < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS A simple risk score identified ICD recipients at risk for an inadequate DSM. An inadequate DSM was associated with an increased risk for in-hospital adverse events. (C) 2014 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
VARIABILITY OF QT DISPERSION MEASUREMENTS IN THE SURFACE ELECTROCARDIOGRAM IN PATIENTS WITH ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION AND IN NORMAL SUBJECTS; QT dispersion (defined as maximal QT interval minus minimal QT interval) as assessed on the surface electrocardiogram has been demonstrated to reflect regional inhomogeneity of ventricular repolarization. However, the variability of repeated QT dispersion measurements has not been validated in a prospective study. Thats, the present study is based on the analysis of standard 12-lead surface electrocardiographic (ECG) tracings obtained in 127 persons including 50 subjects without structural heart disease and 77 patients presenting with acute myocardial infarction. RR and QT intervals were measured by means of a digitizer tablet and QT/QTc dispersion was subsequently calculated automatically by PC-based analysis software. Measurements were obtained on 2 separate occasions by the same observer to assess the intraobserver variability. In addition, all tracings were evaluated by a second investigator to determine the interobserver variability. QT dispersion in persons without heart disease averaged 30 +/- 10 ms compared with 56 +/- 24 ms in patients with acute myocardial infarction (p < 0.0001). Patients with infarction who developed ventricular fibrillation within the first 24 hours after admission (11 of 77) had an even larger QT dispersion of 88 +/- 30 ms (p < 0.0001). Repeated measurements of QT dispersion in all 127 subjects revealed a correlation coefficient of 0.91 for both intra- and interobserver variability. similar results were obtained for repeated determination of QTc dispersion (r = 0.93 and r = 0.90, respectively). When only patients with infarction were considered, correlation coefficients between 0.84 and 0.88 were obtained. QT dispersion determined in ECG tracings recorded at a paper speed of 50 or 100 mm/s was less variable than that obtained from recordings taken at a speed of 25 mm/s. Thus, the intra- and interobserver variability of QT dispersion measurements in the standard 12-lead electrocardiogram permits the use of this ECG technique to assess changes in ventricular recovery times due td therapeutic interventions or changes in the underlying disease process.
ELECTROCARDIOGRAPHIC POOR R-WAVE PROGRESSION .3. THE NORMAL VARIANT; Electrocardiographic poor R wave progression (PRWP) is found in patients with anterior myocardial infarction, left ventricular hypertrophy and right ventricular hypertrophy and is seen in apparently normal individuals. Technical and constitutional factors that might contribute to PRWP in normal subjects were examined. Prospective analysis of the effect of precordial lead misplacement and respiratory variation on the surface ECG was performed in 68 hospitalized patients. False positive and false negative PRWP were created with superior and inferior lead position change, respectively. The incidence and mechanism of true PRWP were analyzed by retrospective analysis of ECG and records of 100 individuals with normal findings and 50 additional individuals with mitral valve prolapse, at cardiac catheterization with coronary angiography. PRWP occurred in 8% (8 of 100) of normals and was not related to age, sex, height, weight, body surface area, ponderal index, thoracic skeletal abnormalities, ECG frontal axis, serum cholesterol, arterial blood pressure or mitral valve prolapse. In view of the voltage changes produced by alteration of lead placement, 1 tail of a normal distribution of null planes may account for PRWP in subjects without disease.
Is There Still a Role for Preoperative 12-Lead Electrocardiography?; Twelve-lead electrocardiography is a standard preoperative investigation for patients undergoing major surgery. There is uncertainty and debate over the usefulness of this test for stratifying postoperative cardiac risk. The aim of this study was to investigate the correlation between an abnormal electrocardiogram (ECG) and the postoperative cardiac event rate. A prospective single-center observational cohort study in patients undergoing major noncardiac surgery was performed. ECGs were analyzed at the end of the study by a cardiologist and a clinician blinded to the clinical outcomes. The primary endpoints were a major adverse cardiac event (MACE), defined as nonfatal myocardial infarction or cardiac death, and perioperative mortality. A total of 345 patients were included, who had undergone aortic surgery 25.8%, lower limb bypass 29.0%, amputation 25.2%, or laparotomy 20.0%. An abnormal ECG was present in 141 (40.9%) patients. MACE occurred in 46 (13.3%) cases. Patients with an abnormal ECG had a significantly higher incidence of MACE (21.6 vs. 8.3%, P < 0.001). Multivariate analysis showed that left ventricular strain and a prolonged QTc interval (> 440 ms) were independent predictors of postoperative adverse events. Among patients with no prior history of ischemic heart disease, those with an abnormal ECG had a higher MACE rate (20.3%) than those patients with a normal ECG (8.6%) (P = 0.01). Preoperative electrocardiography is a useful screening test for predicting perioperative cardiac events. Patients with an abnormal ECG but without a prior history of heart disease are a high-risk group potentially amenable to intervention and risk reduction.
QT INTERVAL DISPERSION - A NONINVASIVE MARKER OF SUSCEPTIBILITY TO ARRHYTHMIA IN PATIENTS WITH SUSTAINED VENTRICULAR ARRHYTHMIAS; Objective-To assess QT interval dispersion on the surface electrocardiogram in patients with sustained ventricular arrhythmias. Design-A retrospective and prospective blinded controlled study of patients referred for investigation of ventricular arrhythmias at a tertiary cardiac centre. Patients and methods-89 consecutive patients with sustained ventricular arrhythmias due to chronic ischaemic heart disease, cardiomyopathy, or ventricular tachycardia (VT) in a normal heart. 32 patients did not meet the inclusion criteria; therefore 57 patients were compared with a control group of 40 patients with myocardial disease but no history of arrhythmias and 12 normal controls with no myocardial disease. Standard 12 lead electrocardiograms were enlarged, the QT intervals for each lead measured, and QT dispersion calculated. Results-There was a significantly greater mean QT dispersion (77 ms) in patients with sustained ventricular arrhythmias compared with the control group (38 ms, p < 0.01). This held for all groups; after myocardial infarction VT (82 (22) ms v control 38 (10) ms; p < 0.01), dilated cardiomyopathy VT (76 (18) ms v control 40 (11) ms, p < 0.01), and normal heart VT (65 (7) ms v control 32 (8), p < 0.05). There was also a greater QT dispersion in patients with impaired left ventricular function and VT, with a correlation between left ventricular function and QT dispersion in patients with VT (r = 0.56, p < 0.01). Conclusion-QT interval dispersion may be a further non-invasive marker of susceptibility to ventricular arrhythmias.
Combined optical coherence tomography morphologic and fractional flow reserve hemodynamic assessment of non-culprit lesions to better predict adverse event outcomes in diabetes mellitus patients: COMBINE (OCT-FFR) prospective study. Rationale and design; Background: Fractional flow reserve (FFR) is a widely used tool for the identification of ischaemia-generating stenoses and to guide decisions on coronary revascularisation. However, the safety of FFR-based decisions in high-risk subsets, such as patients with Diabetes Mellitus (DM) or vulnerable stenoses presenting thin-cap fibro-atheroma (TCFA), is unknown. This study will examine the impact of optical coherence tomography (OCT) plaque morphological assessment and the identification of TCFA, in combination with FFR to better predict clinical outcomes in DM patients. Methods: COMBINE (OCT-FFR) is a prospective, multi-centre study investigating the natural history of DM patients with >= 1 angiographically intermediate target lesion in three subgroups of patients; patients with FFR negative lesions without TCFA (group A) and patients with FFR negative lesions with TCFA (group B) as detected by OCT and to compare these two groups with each other, as well as to a third group with FFR-positive, PCI-treated intermediate lesions (group C). The study hypothesis is that DM patients with TCFA (group B) have a worse outcome than those without TCFA (group A) and also when compared to those patients with lesions FFR <= 0.80 who underwent complete revascularisation. The primary endpoint is the incidence of target lesion major adverse cardiac events (MACE); a composite of cardiac death, myocardial infarction or rehospitalisation for unstable/progressive angina in group B vs. group A. Conclusion: COMBINE (OCT-FFR) is the first prospective study to examine whether the addition of OCT plaque morphological evaluation to FFR haemodynamic assessment of intermediate lesions in DM patients will better predict MACE and possibly lead to new revascularisation strategies.
The Smoking Paradox: Impact of Smoking on Recanalization in the Setting of Intra-Arterial Thrombolysis; Background: The smoking paradox refers to a better outcome in smokers eligible for thrombolytic treatment in myocardial infarction or ischemic stroke. Recent findings suggest that current smokers may present higher recanalization rates after intravenous (IV) thrombolysis with recombinant tissue plasminogen activator (rt-PA). We evaluated the impact of smoking in a consecutive series of patients treated with intra-arterial (IA) rt-PA. Methods: We analyzed data collected between April 2007 and December 2012 in our prospective registry. All acute ischemic stroke patients with an arterial occlusion treated by IA rt-PA (+/- IV, +/- thrombectomy) were included. Arterial status was monitored with conventional angiography during the IA procedure. The primary study outcome was a complete recanalization achieved immediately after termination of IA rt-PA infusion. Secondary outcomes included complete recanalization after the end of the endovascular therapy (including complete recanalization achieved after adjunctive thrombectomy), favorable outcome (90-day modified Rankin Score <= 2), 90-day all-cause mortality, and any intracerebral hemorrhage. Results: Among the 227 included patients, 18.5% (n = 42) were current smokers and 16.7% (n = 38) former smokers. Compared with nonsmokers, current smokers were younger, more often men, had less frequently hypertension, and cardioembolic etiology, whereas former smokers were more often men and had more frequently hypercholesterolemia. The rate of complete recanalization was 30% (n = 68) after IA rt-PA infusion and 49% after adjunctive thrombectomy. A higher complete recanali-zation rate was found both in current smokers (45.2%) and former smokers (42.1%) compared to nonsmokers (22.5%). After adjustment for potential confounders, the adjusted odds ratio (OR) for complete recanalization associated with ever-smokers was 2.51 [ 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.26-4.99; p = 0.009]. A similar adjusted OR was found when the complete recanalization achieved after thrombectomy was included (OR 2.18, 95% CI 1.13-4.19; p = 0.019). However, smoking status was not independently associated with favorable outcome (adjusted OR 1.41, 95% CI 0.62-3.22 for former smokers, and adjusted OR 1.35, 95% CI 0.59-3.05 for current smokers), 90-day all-cause mortality (adjusted OR 0.68, 95% CI 0.25-1.81 for former smokers, and adjusted OR 1.55, 95% CI 0.54-4.48 for current smokers) or intracerebral hemorrhage (adjusted OR 0.72, 95% CI 0.29-1.76 for former smokers, and adjusted OR 0.80, 95% CI 0.32-1.96 for current smokers). Conclusions: IA rt-PA administration was more effective to achieve complete arterial recanalization in current as well as former smokers. The characterization of the smoking paradox pathophysiology may lead to the identification of a patienttarget population with a favorable response to rt-PA therapy. However, the smoking paradox should not be misinterpreted and not be used to promote smoking. (C) 2014 S. Karger AG, Basel
Mechanisms of regional wall motion abnormalities in contrast-enhanced Dobutamine Stress Echocardiography; Background In the diagnosis of coronary artery disease (CAD) with Dobutamine Stress Echocardiography (DSE), regional wall motion abnormalities (RWMA) are assumed to indicate a perfusion deficit. Methods and results For a more particular examination of RWMAs, we compared simultaneous echo-contrast (Optisone((R)))-enhanced DSE (0-40 mu g/kg Dobutamine, 16-segment- model) and MiBi-SPECT in a prospective double-blinded study design in 69 non-selected consecutive patients (44 male, 25 female, age 64 +/- 12 years). Additionally, all patients were examined by coronary-angiography. The prevalence of significant CAD (stenosis > 50% lumen diameter) was 52%. DSE had a sensitivity of 78% and a specificity of 66% for the detection of significant CAD with a positive and negative predictive value of 72 and 73%, respectively. Among 28 patients with significant CAD and positive DSE study (true positive), 78% displayed a corresponding perfusion deficit in MiBi-SPECT. Among 11 patients with a positive DSE study but no current significant coronary stenosis (false positive), 82% showed stress-induced RWMAs in the inferior/ posterior region, 73% displayed left ventricular hypertrophy, 54% resting-ECG abnormalities and 45% resting-RWMA (3 previous MI, 2 previous CABG surgery). Among 8 patients with negative DSE study but significant coronary stenosis (false negative), 75% had a stenosis of the LCX, 63% displayed resting- WMA, 63% displayed left bundle branch block or ST-segment depression, 50% displayed only peripheral coronary stenosis, and DSE visualization was suboptimal in 38%. Conclusion This prospective study in non-selected patients shows that the majority of RWMAs in DSE are matched to a perfusion deficit detectable by nuclear imaging. Nevertheless, pre-existing cardiac abnormalities may also lead to stress-induced RWMA not associated with a perfusion deficit or mask a perfusion deficit upon DSE. Particularly in patients with LV hypertrophy, resting-RWMA, bundle branch block or ST segment depression, the predictive value of DSE may, therefore, be limited.
Cerebrovascular events after radiation of the head and neck area; After radiation of the head or neck, atherosclerotic lesions and stenosis occur more often in the blood vessels that supply the brain. This may lead to transient ischemic attack (TIA) or even ischemic stroke. The current state of knowledge concerning epidemiology, pathogenesis, and treatment is reported. A search of PubMed for "radiation" and "stroke" resulted in the identification of 1,468 relevant articles. After exclusion of case reports and patients with Moyamoya syndrome, 19 prospective controlled studies and large retrospective studies with radiotherapy of large vessels in the head and neck area were included in the analysis. The risk of atherosclerosis and transient ischemic attack (TIA) after radiotherapy to the head and neck area is at least doubled. The incidence of stenosis correlates with survival time after irradiation. Lesions are located in the intima-media and adventitia layer. Regarding other tumor treatment modalities, patients receiving radiotherapy had a higher risk for cerebrovascular events compared to patients receiving chemotherapy or surgery. In unilateral radiotherapy, the ipsilateral side had an increased risk for vascular events. Radiotherapy to the chest area had a lower risk for vascular events. The incidence of radiogenically induced stenosis correlated with time delay after radiation. There was no distinct correlation with radiation dose, although some studies reported an association at higher radiation doses. Radiation to the head/neck area leads to an increased risk of stenosis and cerebral ischemic events - even in younger patients - with a latency of months to decades after radiotherapy. This has to be taken into consideration when making the decision for tumor therapy. Patients with radiation of the head and neck area should carefully be monitored for vasculopathy and cerebrovascular events.
QT dispersion, QT maximum and risk of cardiac death in the Caerphilly Heart Study; Background It has been postulated that increased inter-lead differences in QT interval (QT dispersion) and the maximum QT interval (QTmax), in the standard 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG), may be associated with an increased risk of cardiac death. The aims of this study were to assess the relationship between QT dispersion and QTmax, corrected and uncorrected for heart rate, and the risk of cardiac death. Design Nested case-control study within the Caerphilly prospective cohort study. Methods We studied 2512 men who participated in phase 1 of the Caerphilly study between 1979 and 1983. After a mean follow up of 7.1 years, 218 men had died from coronary heart disease and these men were compared with 218 age-matched controls. Results Data are presented on 422 patients with ECG suitable for analysis, 207 cases and 215 controls. Four trained observers measured the QT intervals and the reliability of each observer was estimated using repeat measurements on a randomly chosen sub-sample of ECGs. Median corrected QT dispersion and corrected QTmax were significantly higher in cases than in controls (51.9 versus 47.7 ms [P = 0.01] and 430 versus 421 ms [P < 0.001] respectively). In univariate analyses by quartiles of corrected QT dispersion and corrected QTmax, increased risk was largely confined to the upper quartile of the distribution with these subjects having twice the risk of those in the lower quartile [odds ratio (OR) 2.14, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.2-3.7 and 2.56 (95% CI 1.5-4.5) respectively]. In logistic regression analysis, adjusted for age, smoking, body mass index, hypertension, history of myocardial infarction and ECG Minnesota code, we observed an increased risk in the upper quartile of the corrected QT dispersion relative to the other three quartiles combined [adjusted OR = 1.74 (P = 0.03)]. The magnitude of this association was increased in analyses based on the data from the most reliable observers. The association between corrected QTmax and cardiac death was attenuated in multivariate analysis. The findings in relation to both uncorrected QT dispersion and uncorrected QTmax were similar, i.e., consistent with a significant independent effect of QT dispersion but not QTmax for cardiac death in multivariate analysis. Conclusion The data suggest that QT dispersion is an independent predictor of cardiac death provided it can be measured with sufficient reliability. The association is non-linear with increased risk largely confined to the upper quartile of the distribution. The QT maximum is not an independent predictor of cardiac death. (C) 2004 The European Society of Cardiology.
High thoracic epidural anesthesia, but not clonidine, attenuates the perioperative stress response via sympatholysis and reduces the release of troponin T in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting; In this prospective study, we evaluated whether high thoracic epidural anesthesia (TEA) or TV clonidine, in addition to general anesthesia, affects the cardiopulmonary bypass- and surgery-associated stress response and incidence of myocardial ischemia by their sympatholytic properties. Seventy patients scheduled for elective coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) received general anesthesia with sufentanil and propofol. TEA was randomly induced before general anesthesia and continued during the study period in 25 (anesthetized dermatomes C6-T10). Another 24 patients received IV clonidine as a bolus of 4 mu g/kg before the induction of general anesthesia. Clonidine was then infused at a rate of 1 mu g.kg(-1).h(-1) during surgery and at 0.2-0.5 mu g.kg(-1).h(-1) postoperatively. The remaining 21 patients underwent general anesthesia as performed routinely (control). Hemodynamics, plasma epinephrine and norepinephrine, cortisol, the myocardial-specific contractile protein troponin T, and other cardiac enzymes were measured pre- and postoperatively. During the preoperative night and a follow-up of 48 h after surgery, five-lead electrocardiogram monitoring was used for ischemia detection. Both TEA and clonidine reduced the postoperative heart rate compared with the control group without jeopardizing cardiac output or perfusion pressure. Plasma epinephrine increased perioperatively in all groups but was significantly lower in the TEA group. Neither TEA nor clonidine affected the increase in plasma cortisol. The release of troponin T was attenuated by TEA. New ST elevations greater than or equal to 0.2 mV or new ST depression greater than or equal to 0.1 mV occurred in >70% of the control patients but only in 40% of the clonidine group and in 50% of the TEA group. We conclude that TEA (but not IV clonidine) combined with general anesthesia for CABG demonstrates a beneficial effect on the perioperative stress response and postoperative myocardial ischemia. Implications: Thoracic epidural anesthesia combined with general anesthesia attenuates the myocardial sympathetic response to cardiopulmonary bypass and cardiac surgery. This is associated with decreased myocardial ischemia as determined by less release of troponin T. These findings may have an impact on the anesthetic management for coronary artery bypass grafting.
MODERN CONCEPTIONS OF AN URIC ACID ROLE IN DEVELOPMENT OF ESSENTIAL HYPERTENSION; The article deals with current studies on the role of uric acid (UA) in development of cardiovascular diseases. The results of large prospective trials are presented which have revealed a pathogenetic role of UA in development of essential hypertension. Clinical trials demonstrated elevated concentrations of UA in hypertensive patients. Experimental evidence suggests UA involvement in the processes of nonspecific inflammation, oxidant stress, endothelial dysfunction. It is shown that elevated UA levels in blood serum lead to affection of target organs.
Cerebral microemboli and cognitive impairment; Transcranial Doppler Ultrasound (TCD) may be used to detect cerebral microemboli in patient groups with an increased stroke risk and during invasive cardiovascular examinations and operations. Although these microemboli do not cause immediate symptoms, there is growing evidence which suggests that they may cause cognitive impairment if they enter the cerebral circulation in significant numbers. This has been studied in detail in patients who have had coronary artery bypass surgery. In these patients, an association has been found between the number of intraoperative cerebral microemboli detected by transcranial Doppler and postoperative neuropsychological outcome. It is also possible that cerebral microemboli may be the cause of cognitive impairment in patients with cerebrovascular disease. Cerebral microemboli are often found in patients with atherosclerosis, especially of the carotid arteries and aortic arch, and in patients with heart disease. There is also an increased risk for silent strokes and cognitive impairment in these patients. Prospective clinical studies are therefore required to determine if continuous cerebral microembolization to the brain will lead to progressive cognitive impairment. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
High coronary artery calcium scores pose an extremely elevated risk for hard events; OBJECTIVES We sought to assess the natural history of a cohort of asymptomatic individuals with very high (greater than or equal to1,000) calcium scores (CSs) on a screening electron beam tomography (EBT) not submitted to further testing after the initial scan. We also compared the outcome of our prospective cohort with that of historical controls with severe abnormalities on myocardial perfusion imaging (MPI). BACKGROUND Coronary calcium detected on EBT imaging has been shown to correlate with the total plaque burden. However, there is still controversy as to the prognostic significance of calcium, as some investigators believe that the presence of coronary calcification may stabilize the atherosclerotic plaque. METHODS Ninety-eight asymptomatic subjects (mean age: 62 +/- 10) were followed for an average of 17 +/- 11 months (range: 4 to 36 months) after undergoing EBT screening for the occurrence of hard coronary events (HCEs), defined as myocardial infarction or coronary death. All patients had an initial CS greater than or equal to1,000, and in none did the results of the EBT screening lead to further invasive or non-invasive testing. RESULTS During the follow-up period, 35 patients (36%) suffered an HCE. All events were recorded in the first 28 months of follow-up. Subjects with HCEs had higher initial CSs than subjects not suffering HCEs (1,561 +/- 270 vs. 1,199 +/- 200, p < 0.001). The annualized event rate in subjects with a CS greater than or equal to1,000 was significantly greater than that of historical controls with severe perfusion abnormalities on MPI (25% vs. 7.4%, respectively; p < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS A high CS (greater than or equal to1,000) on a screening EBT in an asymptomatic person portends a very high risk of an HCE in the short term. This risk appears to be greater than the risk associated with a severe perfusion abnormality on MPI. (C) 2002 by the American College of Cardiology.
What Is the Meaning of Increased Myocardial Injury Enzymes during Hemodialysis? A Tissue Doppler Imaging Study; Background: Cardiovascular death is decreasing in the general population; however, it appears in still higher rates and even increases gradually in hemodialysis (HD) patients. This situation has led to a debate about cardiovascular adverse effects of HD which lead to significant changes in cardiac and hemodynamic events. It is known that troponins are often elevated in HD patients, and high levels of troponin are associated with increased mortality. Therefore, it is difficult to interpret the value of elevations in chronic kidney disease patients. Methods: Echocardiographic and biochemical parameters of 41 patients treated with HD were evaluated before and after a HD session. Results: HD led to an increased heart rate, and tissue Doppler imaging parameters such as early diastolic mitral peak velocity (E)/early diastolic myocardial peak velocity (e) and septal e decreased significantly after HD. HD caused an increase in troponin I, myoglobin and cardiac creatine kinase (CK MB) levels (p = 0.019, p < 0.001 and p = 0.018, respectively). A decrease in the left ventricular peak systolic myocardial (LV S') velocity (p = 0.011) was detected in patients with increased levels of cardiac damage markers (group 2) compared to those without increased levels of cardiac damage markers (group 1) in HD. Conclusion: A decrease in LV S' velocity was found to be an independent predictor of an increase of myocardial injury enzymes in HD (odds ratio = 1.099; p = 0.039). We concluded that HD may lead to significant acute stress upon the myocardium. Copyright (c) 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel
Risk factors for arterial ischemic stroke in children; Since early recurrence occurs in at least 10% of patients presenting with their first stroke in childhood in the reported series, the search for modifiable risk factors should be a priority. Risk factors for stroke in adults include hypertension, diabetes, and smoking, as well as cardiac disease and sickle cell anemia; asymptomatic cerebrovascular disease and transient ischemic events may predict stroke in this age group. The investigation of a child with a stroke has traditionally focused on finding a single cause rather than looking for risk factors to which the patient may be exposed life long. Approximately half of children presenting with stroke have a known predisposing condition, but some have unexpected pathologies such as primary cerebrovascular disease associated with congenital heart anomalies, or may have modifiable risk factors such as hypertension associated with sickle cell disease. The literature on children presenting with initially unexplained (cryptogenic) stroke suggests that there is a daunting list of possible causes, but since the series have mainly been small, it has been difficult to evaluate the relative importance of the reported associations. This paper reviews the literature on congenital, genetic, and acquired risk factors for stroke in childhood, and includes data from the large series of patients seen at Great Ormond Street Hospital over the past 10 years. The majority have arteriographic abnormalities and there is little evidence for asymptomatic cardiac disease. Genetic predisposition, trauma, infection, and nutritional deficiencies appear to be important, although case-control studies will be required to prove causation. Appropriate screening for modifiable risk factors may lead to prevention of recurrence in some patients. In the long term, an understanding of the multiple etiologies of childhood cerebrovascular disease and ischemic stroke may lead to primary prevention in this age group, and perhaps in adults.
The C242T polymorphism of the NAD(P)H oxidase p22<SUP>phox</SUP> subunit is associated with an enhanced risk for cerebrovascular disease at a young age; Background and Purpose: Oxidative stress has been proposed as a major contributing factor for vascular disease, that acts independently from its participation in predisposing disorders such as diabetes and arterial hypertension. A functionally relevant C242T polymorphism of the CYBA gene encoding the NAD(P)H oxidase p22(phox) subunit, is supposed to lead to an abnormal reduction in the generation of reactive oxygen species in vascular smooth-muscle and endothelial cells. Methods: We investigated the p22(phox) C242T single-nucleotide polymorphism by polymerase chain reaction in consecutive patients with ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack under the age of 50 (n = 161) and in population-based control subjects (n = 136). Results: Homozygosity for the T variant was associated with an enhanced risk for cerebral ischemia (odds ratio 3.85, confidence interval 1.39-10.64) after adjusting for classical risk factors. Risk for cerebral ischemia was not increased in heterozygous subjects. Conclusion: The p22(phox) C242T single-nucleotide polymorphism is associated with stroke risk. This finding supports the hypothesis that oxidative stress may contribute to stroke pathogenesis. Copyright (C) 2008 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Systemic Endothelial Function in Patients With Cirrhosis; OBJECTIVES : Cardiovascular risk factors (CVRF) lead to systemic endothelial dysfunction. It has been suggested that in cirrhosis, cardiovascular risk is low and systemic endothelial function is enhanced. However, there is no prospective study evaluating the relationship between cardiovascular risk and systemic endothelial function in cirrhosis, which was investigated here. METHODS : In 47 patients with cirrhosis (33 males; median Child-Pugh score 8; median age 55 years), we evaluated: laboratory parameters, hepatic and systemic hemodynamics, CVRF, 10-year global cardiovascular risk by Framingham score, and presence of carotid plaques. Systemic endothelial dysfunction was investigated non-invasively by flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) of the brachial artery by ultrasound and defined as FMD <10%. RESULTS : Cardiovascular risk (median 7%) was low in 25%, moderate in 26%, moderately high in 40%, and high in 9%. Fifty-three percent of patients had systemic endothelial dysfunction. Systemic endothelial dysfunction (low FMD) increased in parallel with CV risk (linear trend P = 0.039) and was higher in patients overweight or obese. Conversely, FMD increased in parallel with Child-Pugh/Mayo Clinic Model for End-stage Liver Disease (MELD) score, bilirubin, serum sodium, plasma renin activity, leukocyte count, platelet count, and with lower arterial pressure, suggesting that enhanced FMD is a feature of advanced liver failure and inflammation. Cardiovascular risk, bilirubin, leukocyte count, and arterial pressure remained independently associated with systemic endothelial dysfunction. CONCLUSIONS : CV risk was not low in our studied patients with cirrhosis, and systemic endothelial dysfunction was frequent in this population. In cirrhosis, similar to general population, cardiovascular risk impaired systemic FMD, although liver failure attenuated endothelial dysfunction. Am J Gastroenterol 2013; 108:75-82; doi:10.1038/ajg.2012.362; published online 13 November 2012
Sulphonylurea treatment of NIDDM patients with cardiovascular disease: A mixed blessing?; Non-insulin-dependent diabetic (NIDDM) patients show a high incidence of cardiovascular disease, with greater risk of recurrent myocardial infarction and a less favourable clinical outcome than nondiabetic patients. The majority of NIDDM patients are treated with sulphonylurea (SU) derivatives. In the 1970's the University Group Diabetes Program concluded that tolbutamide treatment caused increased cardiovascular mortality; the study, which led to curtailment of oral antidiabetic treatment in the USA, was received with scepticism in Europe. Later criticism of its methodology reduced the impact of the study; however, the question of the safety of SU in NIDDM patients with cardiovascular disease has been re-opened in the face of new experimental data. The heart and vascular tissues do have prerequisites for SU action, i.e. SU receptors and ATP-dependent K+ (K-ATP(+)) channels. These channels play an important role in the protection of the myocardium against ischaemia-reperfusion damage, and their closure by SU could lead to amplified ischaemic damage. Here we review evidence from animal and human studies for deleterious SU effects on ischaemia-induced myocardial damage, either by direct action or through diminished cardioprotective preconditioning. Closure of K-ADP(+) channels by SU can lead to reduction of post-infarct arrhythmias; the drug has also been claimed to improve various atherosclerosis risk factors. The evidence for these beneficial effects of SU is also reviewed. We look at the major difficulties that hamper transfer of information from experimental studies to clinical decision-making: a) The affinity of SU for heart K-ATP(+) channels is orders of magnitude lower than for beta-cell channels; is it reasonable to expect in vivo cardiac effects with therapeutic 'pancreatic' SU doses? b) Most studies utilized high doses of acutely administered SU; are effects similar in the chronic steady-state of the SU-treated diabetic patient? c) Convincing SU effects have been demonstrated in acutely induced ischaemia by acutely administering the drug; do such effects persist in the clinical situation of gradually progressive ischaemia? d) Ischaemia and modification of K-ATP(+) channel activity induce complex events, some with opposing effects; what is the net result of SU action, and do different SU derivatives lead to different outcomes? e) In the chronic (and hence clinically relevant) situation, how can direct (deleterious or beneficial) SU effects be separated from beneficial effects mediated by the metabolic action of the drug? Only large prospective clinical studies, making use of advanced technology for assessment of cardiovascular function, can answer these questions. Millions of NIDDM patients are treated with SU derivatives; many are in the age group where cardiovascular risks are extremely high. The question of whether SU derivatives are beneficial or deleterious for these patients must finally be settled unequivocally.
Prolonged QTc Interval Predicts Poststroke Paroxysmal Atrial Fibrillation; Background and Purpose-Paroxysmal atrial fibrillation (PAF) is often difficult to detect in patients with acute ischemic stroke. We aimed to assess the predictive value of a prolonged QT interval corrected for heart rate (QTc) in PAF detection after acute ischemic stroke. Methods-We enrolled 972 patients with acute ischemic stroke consecutively extracted from our observational stroke registry system. Exclusion criteria were as follows: (1) AF on the initial 12-lead ECG (n=171); (2) previously diagnosed PAF (n=47); and (3) the use of a cardiac pacemaker (n=10). Of the 972 patients, 744 (mean age, 67.6 years; men, 62.6%) were eligible for analysis. The clinical characteristics and 12-lead ECG findings of the patients with and without PAF were compared, and multiple logistic regression analysis was performed to identify predictors of poststroke PAF. Results-The poststroke cardiac work-up yielded 69 (9.3%) de novo PAF cases among the 744 patients. The QTc interval was significantly longer in patients with PAF than in those without PAF (436 versus 417 ms; P<0.001). Each 10-ms increase in the QTc interval was associated with an increased risk of PAF after multivariate adjustments (odds ratio, 1.41; 95% confidence interval, 1.24-1.61; P<0.001). The optimal threshold value of QTc interval calculated by a receiver-operating characteristic curve was 438 ms, and the area under the curve was 0.73 in this data set. Conclusions-The QTc interval prolongation is potentially a strong and useful predictor for poststroke PAF.
Tobacco Exposure as Determined by Serum Cotinine and Subclinical Myocardial Injury in Individuals Free from Cardiovascular Disease; Tobacco exposure including second-hand smoke is the leading preventable cause of premature death in the United States. Serum cotinine, a highly sensitive and specific biomarker for tobacco exposure, is a more accurate measure of tobacco exposure than self-reported smoking status. Although the harmful effect of tobacco exposure on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors (e.g., atherosclerosis) or hard CVD outcomes (e.g., myocardial infarction) is well established, its effect on intermediate outcomes such as subclinical myocardial injury (SMI), especially in nonsmokers, is not clear. Therefore, we examined the risk of SMI, defined as a Cardiac Infarction/Injury Score of points on the 12-lead electrocardiogram with abnormal serum cotinine levels (>15 ng/ml) in 6,264 smokers and nonsmokers who were free from CVD enrolled in the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. SMI was more common in those with abnormal compared with normal serum cotinine levels (25.9% vs 19.6 %, respectively; p<0.01). In a multivariable logistic regression model adjusted for age, gender, race, obesity, diabetes, hypertension, and dyslipidemia, abnormal (vs normal) serum cotinine was associated with a 61% increased risk of SMI (odds ratio 1.61, 95% confidence interval 1.40 to 1.85, p<0.01). This association was stronger in smokers, in women, and in nondiabetic and nonobese participants. In conclusion, elevated serum cotinine levels are associated with an increased risk of SMI in participants free from CVD, and this association is stronger in certain groups of participants. These findings underscore the harmful effect of both active and passive tobacco exposures on the cardiovascular system, and highlight the need for a personalized risk assessment that takes into account groups at high risk. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Decreased cholesterol efflux capacity in patients with low cholesteryl ester transfer protein plasma levels; BackgroundCholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) has been considered as a possible target for treatment of cardiovascular disease. However, first clinical studies employing CETP inhibitors have failed to demonstrate clinical benefit. Additionally, we have previously shown that low endogenous plasma levels of CETP are associated with increased mortality in coronary artery disease (CAD) patients. We hypothesized that low CETP plasma levels are associated with decreased high-density lipoprotein (HDL) function. Materials and MethodsSerum HDL efflux capacity was measured in 154 patients of the Ludwigshafen Risk and Cardiovascular Health (LURIC) study displaying extremely low (<0<bold>68</bold>g/mL, n=77) or high (>2<bold>13</bold>g/mL, n=77) CETP concentrations in their plasma, respectively. The LURIC study is a prospective observational study of patients referred to coronary angiography at baseline with a median follow-up time of 7<bold>75</bold>years. Primary and secondary endpoints were cardiovascular and all-cause mortality, respectively. ResultsHigh CETP patients showed a significant increase in the capacity of their plasma to mediate cholesterol efflux from cholesterol laden macrophages when compared to the efflux capacity observed in low CETP patients (+5<bold>4</bold>%, P=0<bold>015</bold>). As shown by multiregression analysis, the impact of CETP on cholesterol efflux capacity was independent from classical risk and lifestyle factors, as well as from lipid parameters including HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and triglycerides. ConclusionsOur findings indicate that low plasma concentrations of CETP might indeed lead to impaired HDL function within the reverse cholesterol transport pointing towards an atheroprotective role of CETP at least in patients with high risk of CAD.
Major dietary patterns and carotid intima-media thickness in Bangladesh; Objective Carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) is a validated surrogate marker of preclinical atherosclerosis and is predictive of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Research on the association between IMT and diet, however, is lacking, especially in low-income countries or low-BMI populations. Design Cross-sectional analysis. Dietary intakes were measured using a validated, thirty-nine-item FFQ at baseline cohort recruitment. IMT measurements were obtained from 2010-2011. Setting Rural Bangladesh. Subjects Participants (n 1149) randomly selected from the Health Effects of Arsenic Longitudinal Study, an ongoing, population-based, prospective cohort study established in 2000. Average age at IMT measurement was 455 years. Results Principal component analysis of reported food items yielded a balanced' diet, an animal protein' diet and a gourd and root vegetable' diet. We observed a positive association between the gourd/root vegetable diet and IMT, as each 1 sd increase in pattern adherence was related to a difference of 774 (95 % CI 286, 1262) m in IMT (P<001), controlling for age, sex, total energy intake, smoking status, BMI, systolic blood pressure and diabetes mellitus diagnoses. The balanced pattern was associated with lower IMT (-495 (95 % CI -978, -011) m for each 1sd increase of adherence; P=0045). Conclusions A gourd/root vegetable diet in this Bangladeshi population positively correlated with carotid IMT, while a balanced diet was associated with decreased IMT.
Genome-Wide Association Analysis of Young-Onset Stroke Identifies a Locus on Chromosome 10q25 Near <i>HABP2</i>; Background and Purpose-Although a genetic contribution to ischemic stroke is well recognized, only a handful of stroke loci have been identified by large-scale genetic association studies to date. Hypothesizing that genetic effects might be stronger for early-versus late-onset stroke, we conducted a 2-stage meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies, focusing on stroke cases with an age of onset <60 years. Methods-The discovery stage of our genome-wide association studies included 4505 cases and 21 968 controls of European, South-Asian, and African ancestry, drawn from 6 studies. In Stage 2, we selected the lead genetic variants at loci with association P<5x10(-6) and performed in silico association analyses in an independent sample of <= 1003 cases and 7745 controls. Results-One stroke susceptibility locus at 10q25 reached genome-wide significance in the combined analysis of all samples from the discovery and follow-up stages (rs11196288; odds ratio = 1.41; P=9.5x10(-9)). The associated locus is in an intergenic region between TCF7L2 and HABP2. In a further analysis in an independent sample, we found that 2 single nucleotide polymorphisms in high linkage disequilibrium with rs11196288 were significantly associated with total plasma factor VII-activating protease levels, a product of HABP2. Conclusions-HABP2, which encodes an extracellular serine protease involved in coagulation, fibrinolysis, and inflammatory pathways, may be a genetic susceptibility locus for early-onset stroke.
Effect of β-Adrenergic Antagonists on In-Hospital Mortality after Ischemic Stroke; Background: Ischemic stroke accounts for 85%-90% of all strokes and currently has very limited therapeutic options. Recent studies of beta-adrenergic antagonists suggest they may have neuroprotective effects that lead to improved functional outcomes in rodent models of ischemic stroke; however, there are limited data in patients. We aimed to determine whether there was an improvement in mortality rates among patients who were taking beta-blockers during the acute phase of their ischemic stroke. Methods: A retrospective analysis of a prospectively collected database of ischemic stroke patients was performed. Patients who were on beta-adrenergic antagonists both at home and during the first 3 days of hospitalization were compared with patients who were not on beta-adrenergic antagonists to determine the association with patient mortality rates. Results: The study included a patient population of 2804 patients. In univariate analysis, use of beta-adrenergic antagonists was associated with older age, atrial fibrillation, hypertension, and more-severe initial stroke presentation. Despite this, multivariable analysis revealed a reduction in in-hospital mortality among patients who were treated with beta-adrenergic antagonists (odds ratio, .657; 95% confidence interval, .655-.658). Conclusions: The continuation of home beta-adrenergic antagonist medication during the first 3 days of hospitalization after an ischemic stroke is associated with a decrease in patient mortality. This supports the work done in rodent models suggesting neuroprotective effects of beta-blockers after ischemic stroke. (C) 2015 by National Stroke Association
Long Sleep Duration Is an Independent Risk Factor for Incident Atrial Fibrillation in a Chinese Population: A Prospective Cohort Study; There is limited information on the relation between sleep duration and incident atrial fibrillation. We aimed to investigate this association in a Chinese population using cohort data from a study in Kailuan. The analysis included 87,693 participants (age range, 18-98 years) free of atrial fibrillation at the baseline survey. Participants were divided into three categories according to self-reported sleep duration: <= 6.0 hours, 7 hours (ref), >= 8.0 hours. Atrial fibrillation diagnosis was made on a standard 12-lead electrocardiogram and via self-reported history. Cox proportional hazards models were used to calculate hazard ratio (HR) and confidence interval (CI) for atrial fibrillation, according to sleep duration. During median follow-up of 7.89 (range, 6.36-8.57) years, 322 cases of atrial fibrillation had occurred. Using 7 hours of sleep as the reference group, multivariable adjusted HRs (95% CI) for atrial fibrillation were 1.07 (0.75-1.53), 1.0 (ref), and 1.50 (1.07-2.10), from lowest to highest category of sleep duration. Secondary analysis showed no evidence of interactions between sleep duration and sex and snoring on the risk of incident atrial fibrillation (p = 0.75/0.25). We conclude long sleep duration may be a potential predictor/marker for incident atrial fibrillation.
The Karachi intracranial stenosis study (KISS) Protocol: An urban multicenter case-control investigation reporting the clinical, radiologic and biochemical associations of intracranial stenosis in Pakistan; Background: Intracranial stenosis is the most common cause of stroke among Asians. It has a poor prognosis with a high rate of recurrence. No effective medical or surgical treatment modality has been developed for the treatment of stroke due to intracranial stenosis. We aim to identify risk factors and biomarkers for intracranial stenosis and to develop techniques such as use of transcranial doppler to help diagnose intracranial stenosis in a cost-effective manner. Methods/Design: The Karachi Intracranial Stenosis Study (KISS) is a prospective, observational, case-control study to describe the clinical features and determine the risk factors of patients with stroke due to intracranial stenosis and compare them to those with stroke due to other etiologies as well as to unaffected individuals. We plan to recruit 200 patients with stroke due to intracranial stenosis and two control groups each of 150 matched individuals. The first set of controls will include patients with ischemic stroke that is due to other atherosclerotic mechanisms specifically lacunar and cardioembolic strokes. The second group will consist of stroke free individuals. Standardized interviews will be conducted to determine demographic, medical, social, and behavioral variables along with baseline medications. Mandatory procedures for inclusion in the study are clinical confirmation of stroke by a healthcare professional within 72 hours of onset, 12 lead electrocardiogram, and neuroimaging. In addition, lipid profile, serum glucose, creatinine and HbA(1C) will be measured in all participants. Ancillary tests will include carotid ultrasound, transcranial doppler and magnetic resonance or computed tomography angiogram to rule out concurrent carotid disease. Echocardiogram and other additional investigations will be performed at these centers at the discretion of the regional physicians. Discussion: The results of this study will help inform locally relevant clinical guidelines and effective public health and individual interventions.
Long-Term Outcome of Healthy Participants with Atrial Premature Complex: A 15-Year Follow-Up of the NIPPON DATA 90 Cohort; Background: Atrial premature complexes (APC) are among the most frequently encountered electrocardiographic abnormalities. However, their prognostic value among healthy individuals is unclear. This study aimed to clarify the role of APC in predicting cardiovascular events in a large Japanese community cohort using long-term follow-up data. Methods: National Integrated Project for Prospective Observation of Non-communicable Disease And its Trends in the Aged, 1990-2005, (NIPPON DATA 90) was a large cohort study of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in Japan. A total of 7692 otherwise healthy participants with no history of myocardial infarction, stroke, atrial fibrillation, or atrial flutter were enrolled (men, 41.5%; mean age, 52.5 +/- 13.7 years). Results: A total of 64 (0.8%) participants had at least one beat of APC on screening 12-lead electrocardiogram. During the follow-up of 14.0 +/- 2.9 years (total, 107,474 patient-years), 338 deaths occurred due to CVD. The association between APC and CVD outcome was assessed using Cox proportional hazard models. Cox regression analysis revealed that the presence of APC was an independent predictor for CVD deaths (HR: 2.03, 95% CI: 1.12-3.66, P = 0.019). The association of APC on CVD death was more evident in participants with hypertension (P-value for interaction, 0.03). Conclusions: APC recorded during the screening electrocardiogram are significantly associated with an increased risk of CVD deaths in a Japanese community-dwelling population and are a strong prognostic factor for hypertensive participants.
Intakes of fruits, vegetables and carbohydrate and the risk of CVD; Background: Low-carbohydrate diets could lead to reduced fruit and vegetable intake, which may Ire protective against CVD. The role of carbohydrate intake in modifying the association between fruits and vegetables and CVD has not been evaluated. Objective: To evaluate whether carbohydrate intake affects the association between fruits and vegetables and CVD. Design: We included participants from two large prospective studies, the Nurses' Health Study (NHS) and the Health Professionals' Follow-Up Study (HPFS). We followed 70 870 eligible NHS females for 16 years and 38 918 eligible HPFS males for 14 years. Diet was assessed from an FFQ updated every 4 years. Our primary outcome was ischaemic CVD (fatal and non-fatal myocardial infarction and ischaemic stroke). We used Cox proportional hazards models to evaluate the relationship between fruits and vegetables and ischaemic CVD within groups with low, moderate or high carbohydrate intake. Results: Fruit intake was strongly related with carbohydrate intake, but vegetables showed a very small correlation. Vegetable intake showed stronger associations with ischaemic CVD among the low carbohydrate group (multivariate risk ratio (RR) = 0.82 for an increment of 3 servings/d; 95 % CI 0.68, 0.99); green leafy vegetables and carotene-rich fruits and vegetables followed a similar pattern. Total fruit. intake was associated with a lower risk of ischaemic CVD only among participants with moderate carbohydrate intake (RR = 0.81 comparing extreme quintiles; 95% CI 0.70, 0.94). Conclusions: Total vegetables, green leafy vegetables and carotene-rich fruits and vegetables showed stronger associations with ischaemic CVD among the low carbohydrate group. No consistent trends were observed for fruit intake.
Differential outcomes of carotid stenting and endarterectomy performed exclusively by vascular surgeons in the Carotid Revascularization Endarterectomy versus Stenting Trial (CREST); Objective: Outcomes in the Carotid Revascularization Endarterectomy versus Stenting Trial (CREST) did not differ between carotid artery stenting (CAS) and carotid endarterectomy (CEA) for the composite primary end point of stroke, myocardial infarction (MI), or death during the periprocedural period or ipsilateral stroke within 4 years. Rigorous credentialing and training of interventionists, including vascular surgeons, were required for the randomization phase of CREST. Because the lead-in phase of CREST had suggested higher perioperative risks after CAS performed by vascular surgeons, the purpose of this analysis was to examine differences in outcomes after randomization between CAS and CEA performed by vascular surgeons. Methods: CREST is a prospective randomized controlled trial with blinded end point adjudication. Vascular surgeons performed 237 (21%) of the CAS procedures and 765 (65%) of the CEA procedures among 2320 patients who received their assigned treatment. Proportional hazards analyses were used to estimate the relative efficacy of CAS vs CEA for the composite primary end point and also for stroke and death. Results: Among 2502 randomized patients, 1321 (53%) were symptomatic and 1181 (47%) were asymptomatic. For procedures performed exclusively by vascular surgeons, the primary end point did not differ between CAS and CEA at 4-year follow-up (6.2% vs 5.6%, respectively; hazard ratio [HR], 1.30; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.70-2.41; P = .41) In this subgroup, the periprocedural stroke and death rates were higher after CAS than CEA for symptomatic patients (6.1% vs 1.3%; P = .01). Asymptomatic patients also had slightly higher stroke and death rates after CAS (2.6% vs 1.1%; P = .20), although this difference did not reach statistical significance. Conversely, cranial nerve injuries (0.0% vs 5.0%; P<.001) were less frequent after CAS than CEA. The MI rates were slightly lower after CAS (1.3% vs 2.6%; P[. 24). In performing CAS, vascular surgeons had outcomes for the periprocedural primary end point comparable to the outcomes of all interventionists (HR, 0.99; 95% CI, 0.50-2.00) after adjusting for age, sex, and symptomatic status. Vascular surgeons also had similar results after CEA for the periprocedural primary end point compared with other surgeons (HR, 0.73; 95% CI, 0.42-1.27). Conclusions: When performed by surgeons, CAS and CEA have similar net outcomes, although the periprocedural risks vary (lower stroke with CEA and lower MI with CAS). These data suggest that appropriately trained vascular surgeons may safely offer both CEA and CAS for the prevention of stroke. The remarkably low stroke and death rates after CEA performed by vascular surgeons in CREST, particularly among symptomatic patients, represent the best outcomes ever reported after carotid interventions from a randomized controlled trial. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT0000473. (J Vasc Surg 2013; 57: 303-8.)
Frequent premature ventricular complexes originating from the right ventricular outflow tract are associated with left ventricular dysfunction; Background: Recent case series have shown reversal of left ventricular (LV) dysfunction after catheter ablation of frequent premature ventricular complexes (PVCs) originating from the right ventricular Outflow tract (RVOT). We conducted a retrospective study to evaluate the prevalence of patients with frequent RVOT PVCs (>= 10 per hour) and LV dysfunction. Methods: RVOT PVC was defined as PVC with left bundle branch block morphology and inferior axis on a 12-lead ECG. We included patients with frequent RVOT PVCs on 24-hours Holter monitor who had a recent evaluation of LV function. Patients with structural heart disease, including obstructive coronary artery disease, were excluded. Patients were divided into three groups based on the number of PVCs (<1000/24 hour, 1000-10,000/24 hour, >= 10,000/24 hour), and the prevalence of LV dysfunction was evaluated in each group. Results: Our analysis included 108 patients: 24 patients had <1000PVCs/24 hour, 55 patients had 1000-10,000PVCs/24 hour, and 29 patients had >= 10,000PVCs/24 hour. The prevalence of LV dysfunction was 4%, 12%, and 34%, respectively (P = 0.02). With logistic regression analysis, non-sustained ventricular tachycardia was an independent predictor of LV dysfunction with odds ratio of 3.6 (1.3-10.1). Conclusion: We demonstrated a significant association between frequent RVOT PVCs and LV dysfunction in patients without structural heart disease.
Demographic, medical, and behavioral characteristics associated with over the counter non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug use in a population-based cohort: results from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis; Background Three types of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) can be obtained both over the counter (OTC) and by prescription in the United States. OTC NSAID use is not recorded in prescription claims databases; this might lead to differential misclassification of NSAID exposure status in studies that use computerized pharmacy databases to study NSAID use. Objective To evaluate characteristics of OTC versus prescription NSAID users. Methods This analysis is set within the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA) study; a prospective cohort study of 6814 adults from four ethnic groups (European descent, Asian, African-American, and Hispanic) with a mean age of 62 years. The cohort was restricted to those who initiated NSAID use (aspirin, ibuprofen, or naproxen) during follow-up. We compared information about age, sex, ethnicity, body mass index, smoking, diabetes, medication use, education, income, health insurance status, and exercise between groups. Results OTC NSAID use was prevalent at baseline (25% aspirin, 9% ibuprofen, and 2% naproxen). Compared to prescribed NSAID use, OTC NSAID use was lower for users of non-European descent for all classes: aspirin (p<0.0001), ibuprofen (p<0.0001), and naproxen (p = 0.0094). For aspirin, differences were seen for male gender (relative risk (RR): 0.92; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.86-0.98), use of lipid lowering drugs (RR: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.80-0.96), low income (RR: 0.89; 95% CI: 0.81-0.97), and participants one standard deviation above average in intentional exercise (RR: 1.03; 95% CI: 1.01-1.05). Conclusions OTC NSAID use is prevalent in an older multi-ethnic population and OTC users differ from prescription NSAID users. Caution should be exercised when using prescribed NSAIDs as a proxy for NSAID use. Copyright (C) 2010 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Obstructive sleep apnoea and stroke; Many patients with stroke have concomitant sleep apnoea, which can affect recovery potential. Although stroke can lead to the development of sleep-disordered breathing, the current evidence suggests that sleep-disordered breathing may function as a risk factor for stroke. In this review, we focus on the association between obstructive sleep apnoea and stroke reviewing both the epidemiological data with respect to causation and the biological data, which explores pathogenesis. There is convincing evidence to believe that sleep apnoea is a modifiable risk factor for stroke; however, prospective studies are needed to establish the cause-and-effect relationship.
Long-Term Improvements After Multimodal Rehabilitation in Late Phase After Stroke A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background and Purpose-Treatments that improve function in late phase after stroke are urgently needed. We assessed whether multimodal interventions based on rhythm-and-music therapy or horse-riding therapy could lead to increased perceived recovery and functional improvement in a mixed population of individuals in late phase after stroke. Methods-Participants were assigned to rhythm-and-music therapy, horse-riding therapy, or control using concealed randomization, stratified with respect to sex and stroke laterality. Therapy was given twice a week for 12 weeks. The primary outcome was change in participants' perception of stroke recovery as assessed by the Stroke Impact Scale with an intention-to-treat analysis. Secondary objective outcome measures were changes in balance, gait, grip strength, and cognition. Blinded assessments were performed at baseline, postintervention, and at 3-and6-month follow-up. Results-One hundred twenty-three participants were assigned to rhythm-and-music therapy (n=41), horse-riding therapy (n=41), or control (n=41). Post-intervention, the perception of stroke recovery ( mean change from baseline on a scale ranging from 1 to 100) was higher among rhythm-and-music therapy (5.2 [95% confidence interval, 0.79-9.61]) and horse-riding therapy participants (9.8 [95% confidence interval, 6.00-13.66]), compared with controls (-0.5 [-3.20 to 2.28]); P=0.001 (1-way ANOVA). The improvements were sustained in both intervention groups 6 months later, and corresponding gains were observed for the secondary outcomes. Conclusions-Multimodal interventions can improve long-term perception of recovery, as well as balance, gait, grip strength, and working memory in a mixed population of individuals in late phase after stroke.
Isolated T Wave Inversion in Lead aVL: An ECG Survey and a Case Report; Background. Computerized electrocardiogram (ECG) analysis has been of tremendous help for noncardiologists, but can we rely on it? The importance of ST depression and T wave inversions in lead aVL has not been emphasized and not well recognized across all specialties. Objective. This study's goal was to analyze if there is a discrepancy of interpretation by physicians from different specialties and a computer-generated ECG reading in regard to a TWI in lead aVL. Methods. In this multidisciplinary prospective study, a single ECG with isolated TWI in lead aVL that was interpreted by the computer as normal was given to all participants to interpret in writing. The readings by all physicians were compared by level of education and by specialty to one another and to the computer interpretation. Results. A total of 191 physicians participated in the study. Of the 191 physicians 48 (25.1%) identified and 143 (74.9%) did not identify the isolated TWI in lead aVL. Conclusion. Our study demonstrated that 74.9% did not recognize the abnormality. New and subtle ECG findings should be emphasized in their training so as not to miss significant findings that could cause morbidity and mortality.
Karhunen-Loeve representation distinguishes ST-T wave morphology differences in emergency department chest pain patients with non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction versus nonacute coronary syndrome; Patients presenting to the emergency department with chest pain are triaged to early reperfusion therapies based on their initial 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG). The standard 12-lead ECG lacks sensitivity to detect acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Electrocardiographic diagnosis of non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction (non-STEMI) is especially difficult and is delayed until cardiac biomarkers turn positive, indicating onset of myocardial necrosis. Study Aims: The purpose of this analysis was to extract global ST-T waveform features from patients with chest pain, compare these features in patients with and without AMI, and then identify features that distinguish diagnostic categories. Methods: This is a secondary analysis of data from the Ischemia Monitoring and Mapping in the Emergency Department in Appropriate Triage and Evaluation of Acute Ischemic Myocardium study, a prospective clinical trial in which patients were attached to Holter monitor devices to obtain 24 hours of continuous ECG data. Digital recordings from 176 patients were analyzed: 88 with AMI (STEMI and non-STEMI) and 88 without AMI or unstable angina. The non-acute coronary syndrome (ACS) group was further subdivided into those with non-ACS cardiac conditions such as heart failure and those without cardiac disease who bad noncardiac chest pain. For each patient, 10 consecutive waveforms were obtained within the first 120 minutes of emergency department presentation. The waveforms were time-aligned to the QRS, signal-averaged, baseline-adjusted. ST-T waveforms were complied according to diagnostic category and pooled for further analysis. Eigenvector-lead feature coefficients (Karhunen-Loeve [K-L] coefficients) were obtained for each patient by taking the dot product of the ST-T wave (ST segment or entire waveform) and the first 3 common eigenvectors, producing 24 K-L coefficients. Cumulative probability distribution function curves were plotted for each diagnostic category. Statistical significance of category coefficient distribution differences was determined. Multinomial regression was used to assess accuracy of feature coefficients to predict diagnostic category. Results: Non-STEMI and non-ACS cardiac category K-L coefficient curves were statistically different in I I of 24 feature curves (P <.001-.047). ST-segment (50 samples) coefficients predicted non-ACS cardiac patients 11.5% more often (P =.02) than those derived from the entire ST-T wave. Conclusion: Patients diagnosed with non-STEMI have distinct distribution of K-L coefficients compared with non-ACS cardiac patients. Coefficients from the first 50 samples of the ST-T wave (ST segment) better predict diagnostic category than do coefficients derived from the entire ST-T wave. Karhunen-Loeve coefficient feature analysis may provide early diagnostic information to distinguish patients with non-STEMI vs non-ACS cardiac patients.
Use of Prehospital 12-Lead Electrocardiography and Treatment Times Among ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction Patients With Atypical Symptoms; Objectives Guidelines advise that a prehospital electrocardiogram (ECG) should be obtained in any patients with chest pain, yet up to 20% of patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) do not present with chest pain. The objective was to determine the association of atypical presentations in the prehospital setting on the likelihood of receiving a prehospital ECG and subsequent time to reperfusion therapy. Methods This study used a data set that linked prehospital medical information from a statewide EMS data system with a clinical registry of treatment and outcomes data for patients with STEMI. Among 2,639 STEMI patients from 2008 to 2010, the association between non-chest pain presentations, prehospital ECG use, and reperfusion times among patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) were examined. Inverse probability weights were used to account for observed baseline confounders. Results Overall, 318 of 2,639 patients (12.1%) presented without chest pain. A prehospital ECG was obtained in 2,021 of 2,321 (87.1%) patients with chest pain compared with only 230 of 318 (72.3%) without chest pain (odds ratio [OR]= 2.24, 95% confidence interval [CI]=1.69 to 2.98). Among patients without chest pain, those who received a prehospital ECG had significantly shorter first medical contact (FMC) to device times (30.9%<90minutes vs. 11.4% > 90minutes, adjusted OR= 2.81, 95% CI=1.29 to 6.11, p<0.01). Conclusions Over one-quarter of STEMI patients presenting without chest pain did not receive prehospital ECGs and had significantly longer FMC to device times. Future efforts are needed to promote the use of prehospital ECGs to achieve more rapid identification of STEMI patients with atypical presentations in the prehospital setting.
Patterns of inflammatory activation associated with precipitants of acute coronary syndromes: a case-crossover study; Aims We sought to assess a broad array of possible precipitants of acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and evaluate their association with detectable inflammatory activation. Methods and Results Within a case-crossover design, using a standardised questionnaire, interviews among 348 ST-elevation myocardial infarction (44%) or high-risk non-ST-elevation ACS patients (56%), explored potential precipitants, including: infection (INF)-temperature >38 degrees C and/or respiratory tract, urinary or skin infection; inflammation (INFL)-exacerbation of inflammatory conditions; exercise (EX)-moderate to heavy exercise; fast food (FF)-consumption of a meal purchased from a fast food company. Risk and control periods were: weekly over 8 weeks for INF and INFL; 24 hourly over 4 days for FF and 4 hourly over 48?h for EX. C-reactive protein (CRP) levels were assessed at admission. These precipitants were identified in 203/348 (58.3%) patients. An increased temporal risk was observed for: INF (07 days vs 78 weeks odds ratio (OR): 7.5, confidence interval (CI): 1.767.6, P = 0.002); INFL (07 days vs 78 weeks OR: 14.0, CI: 2.13591.9, P = 0.001); EX (04?h vs 2428?h OR: 2.2, CI: 1.33.5, P = 0.001) and FF (024?h vs 7296?h OR: 5.67, CI: 1.630.2, P = 0.003). CRP levels were significantly elevated among patients reporting infective and inflammatory potential precipitants, but not among those reporting fast food consumption and unaccustomed moderate-heavy exercise. Conclusion Infection, inflammatory conditions, moderate-heavy exercise and potentially fast food consumption appear to precipitate high-risk ACS. Increased inflammation as measured by CRP was not consistently detected despite the identification of an ACS precipitant. Strategies that target improved overall health may also lead to fewer ACS events through a reduction in triggers.
Circulating Biomarkers to Identify Responders in Cardiac Cell therapy; Bone marrow mononuclear cell (BM-MNC) therapy in ST-elevation acute myocardial infarction (STEMI) has no biological inclusion criteria. Here, we analyzed 63 biomarkers and cytokines in baseline plasma samples from 77 STEMI patients treated with BM-MNCs in the TIME and Late-TIME trials as well as 61 STEMI patients treated with placebo. Response to cell therapy was defined by changes in left ventricular ejection fraction, systolic/diastolic volumes, and wall motion indexes. We investigated the clinical value of circulating proteins in outcome prediction using significance testing, partial least squares discriminant analysis, and receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis. Responders had higher biomarker levels (76-94% elevated) than non-responders. Several biomarkers had values that differed significantly (P < 0.05) between responders and non-responders including stem cell factor, platelet-derived growth factor, and interleukin-15. We then used these lead candidates for ROC analysis and found multiple biomarkers with values areas under the curve > 0.70 including interleukin 15. These biomarkers were not involved in the placebo-treated subjects suggesting that they may have predictive power. We conclude that plasma profiling after STEMI may help identify patients with a greater likelihood of response to cell-based treatment. Prospective trials are needed to assess the predictive value of the circulating biomarkers.
MRI characteristics of the evolution of supratentorial recent small subcortical infarcts; Objective: Morphological changes of recent small subcortical infarcts are not well defined. The purpose of the present study was to describe the MRI characteristics of the evolution for this stroke subtype. Methods: We conducted a retrospective review of patients diagnosed with definite supratentorial recent small subcortical infarcts according to the ASCO classification with baseline and follow-up MRI (>= 90 days of stroke onset). We investigated the incidence of cavity formation, the infarct volume change, and the positional relationship between infarct lesions and preexisting white matter hyperintensities (WMHs) of presumed vascular origin. Results: We identified 62 patients with a median age of 71 years (range: 30-87). Median follow-up period was 26 months (range: 3-99). Cavity formation was observed in 38 infarct lesions (61%). Eighteen lesions (29%) were partially adjacent to WMHs and 7 (11%) were fused into WMHs. In a multiple logistic regression analysis, age [odds ratio per 5-year increase: 1.34; 95% confidence interval (Cl): 1.03-1.80; p=0.03] and baseline infarct volume (odds ratio per 1-ml increase: 4.7; 95% Cl: 1.6-19.7; p=0.003) were independent predictors of cavity formation. There was a significant volume reduction between baseline and follow-up infarct lesions (median volume reduction rate: 44%). Conclusion: More than one-third of recent small subcortical infarcts do not lead to cavity formation and 40% of infarct lesions overlap with WMHs. Our data indicate the continuity between recent small subcortical infarcts and WMHs.
Number of Leads With Fragmented QRS Predicts Response to Cardiac Resynchronization Therapy; Background: Cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT) is an effective option in the treatment of patients with heart failure (HF) and wide QRS. Fragmented QRS (fQRS) on 12-lead electrocardiography has been shown to predict cardiac events in several patient populations. However, the relationship between the number of leads with fQRS and response to CRT has not been investigated. Hypothesis: The number of leads with fQRS may predict response to CRT. Methods: One hundred five patients with HF undergoing CRT were prospectively studied. The presence of fQRS was assessed using standardized criteria. Echocardiographic response to CRT was defined by a =15% reduction in left ventricular end-systolic volume at 6 months follow-up. Results: Seventy-four patients (71%) had CRT response after 6 months of follow-up. In multivariate analysis, significant associates of response to CRT were evaluated adjusting for gender, etiology of cardiomyopathy, QRS width, baseline left ventricular ejection fraction, and the number of leads with fQRS. The number of leads with fQRS was the only predictor of response to CRT (odds ratio: 0.61, 95% confidence interval: 0.48-0.77, P < 0.001). Conclusions: The more leads with fQRS predicts nonresponse to CRT and may help in the selection of CRT candidates. Clin. Cardiol. 2011 DOI: 10.1002/clc.22061 The authors have no funding, financial relationships, or conflicts of interest to disclose.
Relationship of QT interval duration with carotid intima media thickness in a clinically healthy population undergoing cardiovascular risk screening; Objectives. To investigate the relationship between cardiac repolarization (QT interval duration) and intima media thickness (IMT) of the carotid arteries as surrogate measures of subclinical atherosclerosis. Design. Prospective study with consecutive subjects enrolled in the SAPHIR program (Salzburg Atherosclerosis Prevention Program in Subjects at High Individual Risk). Setting. The analysis of the material was performed at the departments of medicine and neurology of a university hospital. Subjects. The study cohort comprises a population-based sample of 1199 clinically healthy subjects (851 men and 348 women; age 39-66 years). Exclusion criteria were cardiovascular disease, diabetes, atrial fibrillation, bundle branch block and use of medication affecting QT interval duration. Main outcome measures. IMT of common (CCA) and internal carotid arteries (ICA) was measured by B-mode ultrasound. QT interval duration was determined in the resting 12-lead electrocardiogram by an automatic analysis program. The OT intervals were corrected for heart rate with five standard equations (QTc-Bazett, -Fridericia, -Framingham, -Hodges and -Rautaharju) and tested for their relationship with carotid IMT after adjustment for clinical and metabolic variables. Results. Females had higher heart rates than males (64 +/- 10 b min(-1) vs. 60 +/- 9 b min(-1), P < 0.0005), with longer mean QT (410 +/- 28 ms vs. 404 +/- 28 ms, P = 0.003) and QTc intervals in all correction formulae (P < 0.0005). Significant correlations between QT/QTc and ICA IMT (r =0.14-0.16) were found in males. In the general linear model the association between QTc (except for Bazett) and ICA IMT remained significant after adjusting for age, BMI and further cardiovascular risk factors. In females the crude correlations between QT/QTc and ICA IMT were lower than those with CCA IMT. Only the correlation between uncorrected QT and CCA IMT (r = 0.15, P = 0.006) remained significant after adjustment for covariates. Conclusions. The results of the present study demonstrate that QT and QTc prolongation are in part associated with IMT of carotid arteries, which is an established risk marker of subclinical atherosclerosis. In men the data support the hypothesis of an association between QTc and ICA IMT. In women a statistically significant relationship was found between the uncorrected QT interval and CCA IMT. These findings suggest that differences in carotid IMT and ventricular repolarization between genders might be related to hormonal and nonhormonal effects.
Establishing the bidirectional relationship between depression and subclinical arteriosclerosis - rationale, design, and characteristics of the BiDirect Study; Background: Depression and cardiovascular diseases due to arteriosclerosis are both frequent and impairing conditions. Depression and (subclinical) arteriosclerosis appear to be related in a bidirectional way, and it is plausible to assume a partly joint causal relationship. However, the biological mechanisms and the behavioral pathways that lead from depression to arteriosclerosis and vice versa remain to be exactly determined. Methods/design: This study protocol describes the rationale and design of the prospective BiDirect Study that aims at investigating the mutual relationship between depression and (subclinical) arteriosclerosis. BiDirect is scheduled to follow-up three distinct cohorts of individuals ((i) patients with acute depression (N = 999), (ii) patients after an acute cardiac event (N = 347), and (iii) reference subjects from the general population (N = 912)). Over the course of 12 years, four personal examinations are planned to be conducted. The core examination program, which will remain identical across follow-ups, comprises a personal interview (e. g. medical diagnoses, health care utilization, lifestyle and risk behavior), a battery of self-administered questionnaires (e. g. depressive symptoms, readiness to change health behavior, perceived health-related quality of life), sensory (e. g. olfaction, pain) and neuropsychological (e. g. memory, executive functions, emotional processing, manual dexterity) assessments, anthropometry, body impedance measurement, a clinical work-up regarding the vascular status (e. g. electrocardiogram, blood pressure, intima media thickness), the taking of blood samples (serum and plasma, DNA), and structural and functional resonance imaging of the brain (e. g. diffusion tensor imaging, resting-state, emotional faces processing). The present report includes BiDirect-Baseline, the first data collection wave. Discussion: Due to its prospective character, the integration of three distinct cohorts, the long follow-up time window, the diligent diagnosis of depression taking depression subtypes into account, the consideration of relevant comorbidities and risk factors, the assessment of indicators of (subclinical) arteriosclerosis in different vascular territories, and the structural and functional brain imaging that is performed for a large number of participants, the BiDirect Study represents an innovative approach that combines population-based cohorts with sophisticated clinical work-up methods and that holds the potential to overcome many of the drawbacks characterizing earlier investigations.
A Population-Based Study of All-Cause Mortality and Cardiovascular Disease in Association With Prior History of Hypoglycemia Among Patients With Type 1 Diabetes; OBJECTIVE This study investigated the effects of severe hypoglycemia on risks of all-cause mortality and cardiovascular disease (CVD) incidence in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS Two nested case-control studies with age-and sex-matched control subjects and using the time-density sampling method were performed separately within a cohort of 10,411 patients with T1DM in Taiwan. The study enrolled 564 nonsurvivors and 1,615 control subjects as well as 743 CVD case subjects and 1,439 control subjects between 1997 and 2011. History of severe hypoglycemia was identified during 1 year, 1-3 years, and 3-5 years before the occurrence of the study outcomes. Conditional logistic regression analyses were performed to estimate the odds ratio (OR) and 95% CI of the study outcomes. RESULTS Prior severe hypoglycemic events within 1 year were associated with higher risks of all-cause mortality and CVD (adjusted OR 2.74 [95% CI 1.96-3.85] and 2.02 [1.35-3.01], respectively). Events occurring within 1-3 years and 3-5 years before death were also associated with adjusted ORs of 1.94 (95% CI 1.39-2.71) and 1.68 (1.15-2.44), respectively. Significant dose-gradient effects of severe hypoglycemia frequency on mortality and CVD were observed within 5 years. CONCLUSIONS Although the CVD incidence may be associated with severe hypoglycemic events occurring in the previous year, the risk of all-cause mortality was associated with severe hypoglycemic events occurring in the preceding 5 years. Exposure to repeated severe hypoglycemic events can lead to higher risks of mortality and CVD.
Association between heart rate-corrected QT interval and coronary risk factors in 2,894 healthy subjects (The DESIR study); In the prospective Data from an Epidemiological Study on the Insulin Resistance Syndrome, 2,894 healthy subjects aged 30 to 64 years had determinations of fasting glucose, insulin, serum lipid and fibrinogen concentrations, blood pressures, body mass index, and waist-hip ratio, as well as tobacco and alcohol consumptions and physical activity. A 12-lead electrocardiogram with automatic measurement of the QT interval was recorded and the formula used for heart rate correction was based on the best-fit regression between QT and heart rate. The QT duration was influenced by glucose homeostasis in both sexes, and increased in men with physical activity; there was a dose-effect relation for men who smoked.
Protective Effects of the Mediterranean Diet on Type 2 Diabetes and Metabolic Syndrome; Several studies provide evidence supporting a beneficial effect from the traditional Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) on the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and metabolic syndrome (MetS). This review summarizes the current scientific evidence from epidemiologic studies and clinical trials on the relation between the MedDiet and T2DM and MetS and the possible mechanisms underlying the reported associations. A recent meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies showed that greater adherence to the MedDiet was associated with a significant reduction in the risk of diabetes. The MedDiet has also been found to be beneficial in the prevention of gestational diabetes. Four large prospective studies have observed inverse associations between the MedDiet and MetS or its components. Few randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have evaluated the effect of the MedDiet on T2DM and MetS. Results from the landmark PREvencion con DIeta MEDiterranea (PREDIMED) nutrition intervention trial showed that participants assigned to the MedDiet had a significant 30% reduction in the risk of T2DM and that it also promoted the reversion of MetS and its components, hyperglycemia and central obesity. In addition, 5 RCTs showed the beneficial effects of the MedDiet compared with other dietary patterns on glycemic control in patients with T2DM. A recent meta-analysis of RCTs revealed that, compared with a variety of control diets, the MedDiet was associated with beneficial effects on all MetS components. Bioactive components of the MedDiet synergize to affect various metabolic pathways, leading to a reduced cardiometabolic disease risk. The abundance of healthy, nutrient-dense foods that makeup the plant-basedMedDiet predicts its bioactivity and potential to beneficially influence metabolic path-ways that lead to MetS and T2DM, as well as other chronic conditions. Abundant epidemiologic and clinical trial evidence supports the role of the MedDiet on the prevention and management of T2DM and MetS.
Very Mild Stroke Patients Benefit from Intravenous Tissue Plasminogen Activator Without Increase of Intracranial Hemorrhage; Background: Intravenous recombinant tissue plasminogen activator (IV rt-PA) is an effective medication currently used to treat acute ischemic stroke within three hours of symptom onset in patients with an identifiable clinical deficit measured using the National Institute of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS). Methods: We compared the outcomes of 27 identified patients with an NIHSS of 6 or less who received IV rt-PA for acute ischemic stroke treatment within three hours of symptom onset in our center with 24 historic controls from the nationally available National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) study database. Results: The mean initial NIHSS was not significantly different in patients and control groups (mean +/- SD: 4.52 +/- 1.25 and 4.71 +/- 1.4) (P = 0.45). The mean modified Rankin score (mRS) at the time of discharge in patients and control group were 0.78 +/- 1.19 and 1.75 +/- 1.75, respectively. The mRS at discharge demonstrated a statistically significant (P < 0.03) improved clinical outcome for IV rt-PA treated group. The rate of intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) in the IV rt-PA group and control group was not significantly different (P = 1, odds ratio: 0.88, CI: 0.05-14.09). Conclusion: This retrospective study demonstrates that administering intravenous rt-PA to patients with a very mild stroke (NIHSS of 6 or less) can lead to improved clinical outcome when compared to patients with similar NIHSS who have not received similar treatment.
Hypertriglyceridemia as a possible predictor of early neurological deterioration in acute lacunar stroke; Background: Early neurological deterioration (END) is not uncommon in lacunar stroke and may lead to poor outcome. Several predictors for END have been previously reported, however, well-designed, MRI-based studies are rare in lacunar stroke. We prospectively enrolled consecutive patients with acute lacunar infarct (<= 48 h) confirmed by MRI to investigate possible predictors for END. Methods: Demographic data, vascular risk factors, laboratory findings, and neurological status were obtained. END was defined as an increment of the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS), >= 1 in motor power, or >= 2 in any scores during the first week. Results: A total of 131 patients were recruited and 17 (13%) developed END after admission. Univariate analysis revealed that diabetes, systolic blood pressure, triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein-cholesterol, and homocysteine were associated with END. After multiple logistic regression analysis, the highest quartile of TG level (>145 mg/dL) remained independent [adjusted odds ratio (OR) = 11.46, 95% confidence interval (Cl) = 1.07-122.87, P= 0.044]. Conclusion: Hypertriglycedemia may be a possible predictor for END in acute lacunar stroke. Thrombogenecity and microcirculatory disturbance augmented by hypertriglyceridemia may be suggested as potential mechanisms. Further studies are warranted to confirm these results. Pathophysiological and therapeutic considerations remain to be determined. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Ethnicity and unprovoked hypokalemia in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities study; Background: Hypertension is more prevalent in the African American population when compared with the European American population in the United States. Unprovoked hypokalemia may lead to hypertension and is associated with several forms of recognized secondary hypertension. Methods: We investigated the association of ethnicity with unprovoked hypokalemia in the second Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study examination. Hypokalemia was defined Lis serum potassium <3.5 mmol/L. Results: A statistically significant association was detected between ethnicity and unprovoked hypokalemia (odds ratio = 5.3: 95% confidence interval = 3.6. 7.7) with unprovoked hypokalemia more prevalent in African Americans both before and after adjustment for important covariates. The unadjusted prevalence for unprovoked hypokalemia was 2.6% for African Americans and 0.5% for European Americans. Conclusions: We found that the prevalence of unprovoked hypokalemia for African Americans in the ARIC cohort was More than five times that for European Americans. These data suggest that an increased awareness of hypokalemia and its etiology may be indicated for African Americans. (C) 2002 American Journal of Hypertension. Ltd.
Long-Term Mortality Risk in Individuals With Atrial or Ventricular Premature Complexes (Results from the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey); Premature ectopic beats are frequently detected on routine 12-lead screening electrocardiograms (ECGs). However, their prognostic importance in subjects without known cardiovascular disease (CVD) is not well established. We evaluated prognostic value of atrial premature complexes (APCs) and ventricular premature complexes (VPCs) detected by a single 12-lead electrocardiography. A prospective cohort of 7,504 participants selected from nationally representative community-dwelling subjects living in the United States, enrolled in the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey III from 1988 to 1994 with follow-up through December 2006 without known CVD. The main outcomes were all-cause mortality, CVD-related mortality, and ischemic heart disease (IHD)-related mortality. Of 7,504 participants (mean age 60 +/- 14 years, 47% women, 49% whites), 89 (1.2%) had APCs and 110 (1.5%) had VPCs on 12-lead ECGs. During a follow-up of up to 18 years, 2,386 deaths occurred, of which 963 were due to CVD and 511 were due to IHD. In a multivariate analysis adjusted for demographics, clinical variables, and electrocardiographic measures, APCs were significantly associated with all-cause mortality (hazard ratio [HR] 1.41, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.08 to 1.80), CVD death (HR 1.78, 95% CI 1.26 to 2.44), and IHD death (HR 2.40, 95% CI 1.59 to 3.47). For VPCs, however, there were no significant associations with all-cause mortality (HR 1.05, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.36), CVD death (HR 0.96, 95% CI 0.62 to 1.43), and IHD death (HR 0.89, 95% CI 0.47 to 1.52). In conclusion, APCs, but not VPCs, on routine screening ECGs are predictive of adverse events in community-dwelling subjects without known CVD. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Automated ST-segment analysis during cesarean delivery: Effects of ECG filtering modality; Study Objectives: To determine the effect of different electrocardiographic (ECG) filtering modalities on ST-segment changes during cesarean delivery. We compared the use of narrow and standard bandwidth ECG filtering modes in assessing ECG-detected ischemic changes in healthy patients undergoing routine, elective cesarean delivery. Design: Prospective, nonrandomized clinical trial. Setting: Academic medical center. Patients: 20 healthy parturients undergoing elective cesarean delivery with regional anesthesia. Interventions: Continuous 5-lead ECG monitoring was performed in all 20 study parturients. The same incoming ECG signal was divided by a special cable and displayed on two Marquette 7010 monitors. Leads I, II, and V5 were analyzed. One of the monitors filtered the signal with a 0.07 to 100 Hz filter (DIAG), the other with a 0.3 to 40 Hz filter (MON). The ST segment was analyzed continuously by electronic comparison with a template established as a baseline at the beginning of the case. This continuous output was fed in digital form every 15 seconds to an IBM PC computer for data analysis. Measurements and Main Results: In each of the leads analyzed, the mean MON versus DIAG difference showed a bias, with MON showing consistently lower (ie, more negative) readings than DIAG. Using different criteria for ST depression (> 0.25, > 0.5, or > 1.0 mm), we categorized patients as showing more ST depression on either MON or DIAG. With the 0.25 mm criterion, ST depression was identified significantly more often in MON than DIAG in leads II and V5 (p < 0.05). Using the other criteria, the differences were similar, but were not statistically significant. In general, very few instances of ST depression were identified in lead I. No patient had sequelae indicative of intraoperative myocardial ischemia, such as chest pain, dyspnea, persistent ectopy, or hemodynamic instability. Conclusions: In patients at low risk for myocardial ischemia, narrow bandwidth (monitor mode) ECG filtering reveals greater degrees of ST-segment depression than does standard (diagnostic mode) ECG filtering. Studies examining ST-segment phenomena would be facilitated by including a description of the ECG filtering-technique. (C) 1996 by Elsevier Science Inc.
Long-term Outcome After Survival of a Cardiac Arrest: A Prospective Longitudinal Cohort Study; Background. A cardiac arrest can lead to hypoxic brain injury, which can affect all levels of functioning. Objective. To investigate 1-year outcome and the pattern of recovery after surviving a cardiac arrest. Methods. This was a multicenter, prospective longitudinal cohort study with 1 year of follow-up (measurements 2 weeks, 3 months, 1 year). On function level, physical/cardiac function (New York Heart Association Classification), cognition (Cognitive Log [Cog-log], Cognitive Failures Questionnaire), emotional functioning (Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, Impact of Event Scale), and fatigue (Fatigue Severity Scale) were assessed. In addition, level of activities (Frenchay Activities Index, FAI), participation (Community Integration Questionnaire [CIQ] and return to work), and quality of life (EuroQol 5D, EuroQol Visual Analogue Scale, SF-36, Quality of Life after Brain Injury) were measured. Results. In this cohort, 141 cardiac arrest survivors were included. At 1 year, 14 (13%) survivors scored below cutoff on the Cog-log. Both anxiety and depression were present in 16 (15%) survivors, 29 (28%) experienced posttraumatic stress symptoms and 55 (52%), severe fatigue. Scores on the FAI and the CIQ were, on average, respectively 96% and 92% of the prearrest scores. Of those previously working, 41 (72%) had returned to work. Most recovery of cognitive function and quality of life occurred within the first 3 months, with further improvement on some domains of quality of life up to 12 months. Conclusions. Overall, long-term outcome in terms of activities, participation, and quality of life after cardiac arrest is reassuring. Nevertheless, fatigue is common; problems with cognition and emotions occur; and return to work can be at risk.
Elevated serum fibroblast growth factor 23 levels as an indicator of lower extremity atherosclerotic disease in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background: Recently, basic and clinical studies have provided evidence supporting the relationship between circulating levels of fibroblast growth factor (FGF) 23 and the development of atherosclerosis. Given that diabetes is an established risk factor for lower extremity atherosclerotic disease (LEAD), the goal of the present study was to explore the relationship between serum FGF23 levels and LEAD, as well as the related factors, in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: A total of 401 hospitalized T2DM patients (201 subjects with LEAD and 200 subjects without LEAD) were enrolled in this study. Serum FGF23 levels were determined by a sandwich enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Femoral intima-media thickness (F-IMT) and lower limb atherosclerotic plaque were assessed through color Doppler ultrasound. Results: The median (interquartile range) serum FGF23 levels in the entire study population was 42.08 (35.59-49.17) pg/mL. Subjects with LEAD had significantly higher serum FGF23 levels compared with those without LEAD (44.00 [37.54-51.30] pg/mL versus 40.42 [32.61-48.23] pg/mL, P < 0.001). Logistic regression showed that serum FGF23 levels were independently and positively correlated with the presence of LEAD (odds ratio 1.039, 95% confidence interval 1.012-1.067, P = 0.004). In addition, multiple liner regression analysis revealed that serum FGF23 levels were positively associated with F-IMT (standardized beta = 0.175, P < 0.001). Furthermore, this relationship remained significant after additional adjustment for gender and factors potentially affecting serum FGF23 levels (serum calcium, serum phosphorus, and glomerular filtration rate), respectively (both P < 0.01). Conclusions: In Chinese patients with T2DM, serum FGF23 levels were independently and positively correlated with the presence of LEAD.
Prognostic implication of cardiac troponin T increase following stent implantation; Objective: To identify the incidence and clinical significance of myocardial injury following elective stent implantation. Design: Prospective clinical study with 278 consecutive patients undergoing stenting of de nova coronary or saphenous vein graft lesions. Incidence of periprocedural myocardial injury was assessed by analysis of 12 lead ECG, creatine kinase (CK; upper limit of normal (ULN) 70 IU/I for women, 80 IU/I for men), and cardiac troponin T (cTnT; point of care test; threshold 0.1 ng/ml) before and 6, 12, and 24 hours after the intervention. Major adverse cardiac events (MACE: acute myocardial infarction, bypass surgery, and cardiac death) were recorded during clinical follow up (mean (SD) 7.8 (5.3) months). Results: Following elective stenting, the rate of a positive cTnT status was 17.3%, the rate of CK increase of 1-3x ULN 14.7%, the rate of CK increase of > 3x ULN 1.4%, and the rate of Q wave myocardial infarction 0.4%. Cardiac mortality during follow up was higher in patients with postproceedurally increased CK (7.1% v 1.3%, p = 0.01, log rank) and cTnT (9.1% v 0.9%, p < 0.001, log rank). In addition, postproceedurally increased cTnT was associated with a higher overall incidence of MACE (13.1% v 4.0%, p < 0.01, log rank) and was identified as an independent factor for MACE during follow up (hazard ratio 3,27, 95% confidence interval 1.14 to 9.41, p = 0.028). Conclusions: Following elective stent implantation, a positive cTnT status identified patients at risk of a worse long term outcome. Treatment strategies have to be developed that lead to prognostic improvement by reducing periprocedural myocardial injury.
Relationship Between Diabetes Codes That Affect Medicare Reimbursement (Tier Comorbidities) and Outcomes in Stroke Rehabilitation; Relationship between diabetes codes that affect Medicare reimbursement (tier comorbidities) and outcomes in stroke rehabilitation. Objectives: To examine the extent to which diabetes codes that increase reimbursement (tier comorbidities) under the prospective payment system are related to length of stay and functional outcomes in stroke rehabilitation. Design: Secondary data analysis. Setting: Inpatient rehabilitation facilities (N=864) across the United States. Participants: Patients (N = 135,097) who received medical rehabilitation for stroke in 2002-2003. Intervention: None. Main Outcome Measures: Length of stay, FIM instrument, and discharge setting. Diabetes status was assigned to I of 3 categories: tier (increases reimbursement), nontier (no reimbursement effect), and no diabetes. Results: Mean +/- standard deviation age of the sample was 70.4 +/- 13.4 years, and 31% had diabetes (6% tier, 25% nontier). Diabetes status by age demonstrated significant (P<05) interaction effects, which lead to the following age-specific findings. In younger stroke patients (60y), tier diabetes was associated with shorter lengths of stay compared with both groups, lower FIM discharge scores compared with both groups, and lower odds of discharge home relative to the no-diabetes group. In older stroke patients (80y), tier diabetes was associated with longer lengths of stay compared with both groups and with higher FIM discharge scores compared with the nontier group. Conclusions: The diabetes-related conditions identified as tier comorbidities under the prospective payment system are significant predictors of stroke rehabilitation outcomes, but these relationships are moderated by patient age.
Impact of hypertension on medical economics: A 10-year follow-up study of National Health insurance in Shiga, Japan; Hypertension and related cardiovascular diseases may lead to an increase in medical costs for patients. We attempted to clarify the relationship between hypertension and long-term medical costs by a cohort study utilizing existing data as well as baseline blood pressures and medical costs over a 10-year period. The participants included 4,191 Japanese National Health Insurance beneficiaries aged 40-69 years, living in one area, who were not taking anti-hypertensive medication and did not have a history of major cardiovascular disease. They were classified into four categories according to their blood pressure. We evaluated the mean medical costs per month, cumulative hospitalization, and all-cause mortality for each blood pressure category. Hypertension-related medical costs attributable to hypertensive individuals, as compared to normotensive individuals, were estimated. There was a positively graded correlation between blood pressure and personal total medical costs, especially for men. The odds ratio for cumulative hospitalization and hazard ratio for all-cause mortality in severe hypertensive men were also higher than those in normotensive men. However, the hypertension-related medical costs for mild to moderate hypertensives were higher than those for severe hypertensives. The hypertension-related medical costs for all hypertensives accounted for 23.7% of the total medical costs for the Japanese population. In conclusion, high blood pressure was a useful predictor for excess medical costs; moreover, concomitant hypertension, regardless of the grade, increased the medical costs of Japanese National Health Insurance beneficiaries.
Which chest pain patients potentially benefit from continuous 12-lead ST-segment monitoring with automated serial ECG?; A prospective observational study was performed in 678 chest pain patients with suspected acute coronary ischemic syndrome (ACS) and absence of clinical and ECG criteria for emergent reperfusion therapy on presentation to determine how often continuous 12 lead ST-segment monitoring with automated serial ECG (SECG) results in a significant change in therapy during the initial emergency department (ED) evaluation in typical high- and low risk chest pain patients. After initial history, physical, and ECG were obtained, patients were grouped into high and low risk subgroups based on ED physician's assessment of likelihood of ACS. Significant change in therapy was defined as thrombolytic drug administration, emergent percutaneous coronary angioplasty (PTCA), and intensive anti ischemic therapy with intravenous heparin and/or intravenous nitroglycerin. SECG monitoring was continued until either the patient was taken for emergent PTCA or until 2-hour serum markers measurements were obtained. A total of 26 patients therapy was changed secondary to SECG monitoring which represented 14.6% of high-risk patients and 1.1% of low-risk patients. New injury (21 patients) and new ischemia (4 patients) were the only SECG findings that led to a change in therapy. SECG monitoring had a 15.2 times increased odds of changing therapy in the high risk patients as compared with the low risk patients (P < .0001; 95% Cl 6.1 to 38.2), Chest pain evaluation protocols that exclude these high risk ED patients from SECG monitoring should be reevaluated. Our data also suggests that researchers designing randomized studies to show utility of SECG monitoring should focus on the high-risk patients. Copyright (C) 2000 by W.B. Saunders Company.
Diabetes; The causes of accelerated atherogenesis in diabetes are unclear but the consequences in terms of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality are profound. Thus diabetes not only increases the risk of coronary heart disease but also increases the case fatality rate, ensuring that the majority of patients die of cardiovascular causes, often before the age of 50 years. The problem is compounded by autonomic neuropathy which alters the perception of cardiac pain, attenuating symptoms which are often atypical or absent. This may delay presentation or lead to inappropriate triage decisions such that access to defibrillators and specific treatment is denied. Central to the cardiovascular management of diabetes is vigorous risk factor modification although clear evidence that this leads to extra protection against coronary heart disease beyond that achieved in non-diabetic individuals has not been forthcoming. In other respects too, the management of diabetic patients with heart disease is underpinned by the same evidence-base as applies to non-diabetic patients, and it is noteworthy that 15-20% of the patients in most of the landmark clinical trials have been diabetic. Recently, however, trials such as the United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study (UKPDS), the Heart Outcomes Prevention Evaluation (HOPE) study, and the Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin Glucose Infusion in Acute Myocardial Infarction (DIGAMI) study have identified novel strategies for reducing cardiovascular risk in diabetes. These trials have already had a major impact on cardiological practice, emphasising the prime importance of blood pressure control and converting enzyme inhibition for reducing cardiovascular risk in diabetes as well as the value of insulin therapy for reducing mortality in diabetic myocardial infarction. Additional trials, already in progress, are expected to refine further the cardiovascular management of patients with diabetes in order to provide an effective challenge for a problem that shows no signs of going away.
Clinical Safety and Efficacy of a Novel Thin-Strut Cobalt-Chromium Coronary Stent System: Results of the real world coroflex blue registry; Objectives: The aim of this registry was to evaluate the clinical efficacy and safety of the Coroflex Blue cobalt-chromium stent in real-world practice. Background: The development of cobalt-chromium bare-metal stents (BMS) with thinner struts has lead to better deliverability and lower target-lesion revascularization rates compared with stainless steel BMS. Methods: The Coroflex Blue Registry was an international, prospective, multicenter registry enrolling patients with symptomatic ischemic heart disease attributable to single de novo or restenotic nonstented lesions of a single vessel amenable for percutaneous stenting. The primary end point was clinically driven target-lesion revascularisation (TLR) 6 months after enrolment, secondary endpoints were technical/procedural success, in-hospital outcome, definite stent thrombosis and major adverse cardiac events (death, myocardial infarction, or TLR) after 6 months. Results: The registry included 2,315 patients (mean age 64.3 +/- 11.1 years, 19.8% diabetes, 37.3% acute myocardial infarction). Although a complex lesion cohort with 60.3% Typ B(2)/C-lesions, the technical success rate was 99.1% and the procedural success rate 98.5%. The incidence of TLR after 6 months was 5.5% and the cumulative 6-month acute/subacute stent thrombosis rate was 1.6%. After 6 months cumulative event-free survival was 90.8% in all patients and 87% in patients with acute PCI for acute myocardial infarction. Conclusions: This registry demonstrates the safety and efficacy of the Coroflex Blue cobalt-chromium stent platform in real-world practice. In the era of drug-eluting stents (DES), these results raise the serious question if the use of DES for primary prevention of restenosis and TLR is really justified. (C) 2009 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Rationale, development, and implementation of the Electrocardiographic Methods for the Prehospital Identification of Non-ST Elevation Myocardial Infarction Events (EMPIRE); Background: The serum rise of cardiac troponin remains the gold standard for diagnosing non-ST elevation (NSTE) myocardial infarction (MI) despite its delayed response. Novel methods for real-time detection of NSTEMI would result in more immediate initiation of definitive medical therapy and faster transport to facilities that can provide specialized cardiac care. Methods: EMPIRE is an ongoing prospective, observational cohort study designed to quantify the magnitude of ischemia-induced repolarization dispersion for the early detection of NSTEMI. In this ongoing study, prehospital ECG data is gathered from patients who call 9-1-1 with a chief complaint of non-traumatic chest pain. This data is then analyzed using the principal component analysis (PCA) technique of 12-lead ECGs to fully characterize the spatial and temporal qualities of STT waveforms. Results: Between May and December of 2013, Pittsburgh EMS obtained and transmitted 351 prehospital ECGs of the 1149 patients with chest pain-related emergency dispatches transported to participating hospitals. After excluding those with poor ECG signal (n = 40, 11%) and those with pacing or LBBB.(n = 50, 14%), there were 261 eligible patients (age 57 +/- 16 years, 45% female, 45% Black). In this preliminary sample, there were 19 STEMI (7%) and 33 NSTEMI (12%). More than 50% of those with infarction (STEMI or NSTEMI) had initially negative troponin values upon presentation. We present ECG data of such NSTEMI case that was identified correctly using our methods. Conclusions: Concrete ECG algorithms that can quantify NSTE ischemia and allow differential treatment based on such ECG changes could have an immediate clinical impact on patient outcomes. We describe the rationale, development, design, and potential usefulness of the EMPIRE study. The findings may provide insights that can influence guidelines revisions and improve public health. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
ECG DIAGNOSIS OF ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION IN THE PRESENCE OF LEFT-BUNDLE-BRANCH BLOCK IN PATIENTS UNDERGOING CONTINUOUS ECG MONITORING; It is common knowledge that the ECG diagnosis of completed myocardial infarction in the presence of left bundle-branch block (LBBB) is extremely difficult and often impossible. More than 50 rules have been proposed as criteria for interpreting Q-wave equivalents superimposed on the QRS complex in the presence of LBBB. However, because of misinterpretation of the available literature, physicians frequently recommend that patients with chest pain in the presence of LBBB receive thrombolytic therapy or urgent coronary arteriography on the basis of the assumption that acute injury and ischemia cannot be interpreted in the presence of LBBB. Unfortunately, many physicians fail to realize that although completed infarction is difficult to confirm in the presence of LBBB, ongoing ischemia and injury can be detected in the presence of LBBB and may be seen as often as they are in the presence of normal cardiac conduction. A deflection of the J point (and ST segment) in the direction of the major QRS complex or an elevation of the ST segment of more than 7 to 8 mm opposite the direction of the major QRS complex has been demonstrated to have a sensitivity of more than 50% in detecting acute injury, with a specificity of more than 90%. During the first half of an ongoing prospective study of the use of continuous 12-lead ECG monitoring in the emergency department, we encountered five patients with final diagnoses of acute myocardial infarction in the presence of LBBB who demonstrated significant ECG changes while undergoing continuous ST-segment monitoring with frequent serial ECGs. The five different locations of the infarcts in these five patients were posterior, posterolateral, inferior, anterior, and anterolateral. We present these patients' cases to demonstrate the ECG characteristics of acute injury in the presence of LBBB.
THE ELECTROCARDIOGRAPHIC DIAGNOSIS OF MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION IN THE PRESENCE OF VENTRICULAR CONDUCTION DEFECTS - A NEW ATTEMPT TO SOLVE AN OLD PROBLEM; Ventricular conduction defects (VCD) in certain cases may obscure the ECG signs of myocardial infarction (MI). While many previous studies dealt with this problem, criteria derived from such studies were usually limited in their clinical usefulness because their sensitivity and specificity were not indicated. Realizing the need for such information, 816 records with VCD were gathered, and their Frank-lead ECG were analyzed to determine optimal diagnostic criteria for MI. The data were collected in a prospective fashion from 6 Veterans Administration Medical Centers USA, thereby including a fairly representative hospital population of adult males. Two-thirds of these patients were white and 1/3 black. Cases were randomly grouped into a training set of 547 and a test of 269 subjects. The training set was analyzed first. In the presence of R[right]VCD, 72% of cases with MI manifested a Q-wave abnormality in at least 1 lead. A Q-wave abnormality was defined as any one of the following: a Q/R amplitude ratio in lead x of more than 0.20, in lead y of greater than 0.22 and in lead z of less than 0.10. Among cases without MI, 29% met at least 1 of the same 3 criteria (false positives). No R- or S- wave parameters were useful in differentiating cases with MI from those without. In contrast to RVCD, a Q-wave abnormality in the presence of L[left]VCD was significant for MI only when present in lead x or lead y. Cases (41%) with MI had a Q/R amplitude ratio in lead x of more than 0.20 and/or a Q/R ratio in lead y exceeding 0.22. Only 11% of cases without MI manifested either 1 or both Q-wave abnormalities (false positives). A Q/R ratio in lead z of less than 0.10 did not differentiate betWeen cases with MI and those without. In the absence of LVCD, this finding denotes loss of anterior forces and thus probable anterior MI. No unique R- or S- wave measurements distinguished between LVCD cases with and without MI. There was good repeatability of results when the same criteria were applied to the 269 test cases. On this set, the 3 criteria for MI in the presence of RVCD had 79% sensitivity and 72% specificity; for MI in the presence of LVCD, sensitivity was 44% and specificity 91%.
Diagnostic marker cooperative study for the diagnosis of myocardial infarction; Background-Millions of patients present annually with chest pain, but only 10% to 15% have myocardial infarction. Lack of diagnostic sensitivity and specificity of clinical and conventional markers prevents or delays treatment and leads to unnecessary costly admissions. Comparative data are lacking on the new markers, yet using all of them is inappropriate and expensive. Methods and Results-The Diagnostic Marker Cooperative Study was a prospective, multicenter, double-blind study with consecutive enrollment of patients with chest pain presenting to the emergency department. Diagnostic sensitivity and specificity and frequency of increase in patients with unstable angina were determined for creatine kinase-MB (CK-MB) subforms, myoglobin, total CK-MB (activity and mass), and troponin T and I on the basis of frequent serial sampling for less than or equal to 24 hours. Of 955 patients with chest pain, 119 (12.5%) had infarction identified by use of CK-MB mass, and 203 (21%) had unstable angina. CK-MB subforms were most sensitive and specific (91% and 89%) within 6 hours of onset, followed by myoglobin (78% and 89%). For late diagnosis, total CK-MR activity (derived from subforms) was the most sensitive and specific (96% and 98%) at 10 hours from onset, followed by troponin I (96% and 93%), but not until 18 hours, and troponin T (87% and 93% at 10 hours). In unstable angina, CK-MB subforms were increased in 29.5%, myoglobin in 23.7%, troponin I in 19.7%, and troponin T in 14.8%. All markers were increased in 99 patients. With each marker as the diagnostic standard, CK-MB subforms and myoglobin remained the most sensitive for early diagnosis. Conclusions-The CK-MB subform assay alone or in combination with a troponin reliably triages patients with chest pain and should lead to improved therapy and reduced cost.
Common variation in COL4A1/COL4A2 is associated with sporadic cerebral small vessel disease; Objectives:We hypothesized that common variants in the collagen genes COL4A1/COL4A2 are associated with sporadic forms of cerebral small vessel disease.Methods:We conducted meta-analyses of existing genotype data among individuals of European ancestry to determine associations of 1,070 common single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the COL4A1/COL4A2 genomic region with the following: intracerebral hemorrhage and its subtypes (deep, lobar) (1,545 cases, 1,485 controls); ischemic stroke and its subtypes (cardioembolic, large vessel disease, lacunar) (12,389 cases, 62,004 controls); and white matter hyperintensities (2,733 individuals with ischemic stroke and 9,361 from population-based cohorts with brain MRI data). We calculated a statistical significance threshold that accounted for multiple testing and linkage disequilibrium between SNPs (p < 0.000084).Results:Three intronic SNPs in COL4A2 were significantly associated with deep intracerebral hemorrhage (lead SNP odds ratio [OR] 1.29, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.14-1.46, p = 0.00003; r(2) > 0.9 between SNPs). Although SNPs associated with deep intracerebral hemorrhage did not reach our significance threshold for association with lacunar ischemic stroke (lead SNP OR 1.10, 95% CI 1.03-1.18, p = 0.0073), and with white matter hyperintensity volume in symptomatic ischemic stroke patients (lead SNP OR 1.07, 95% CI 1.01-1.13, p = 0.016), the direction of association was the same. There was no convincing evidence of association with white matter hyperintensities in population-based studies or with non-small vessel disease cerebrovascular phenotypes.Conclusions:Our results indicate an association between common variation in the COL4A2 gene and symptomatic small vessel disease, particularly deep intracerebral hemorrhage. These findings merit replication studies, including in ethnic groups of non-European ancestry.
Occupational physical activity, but not leisure-time physical activity increases the risk of atrial fibrillation: The Copenhagen City Heart Study; Background Previous findings regarding physical activity and risk of incident atrial fibrillation (AF) are controversial, focusing on leisure-time physical activity (LTPA) and without distinguishing it from occupational physical activity (OPA). Our aim was to study the association between physical activity and risk of AF, with special attention to the possible divergent effects of OPA and LTPA. Methods and results In a prospective, observational cohort study, 17,196 subjects were included from the Copenhagen Population Register. All participants had a physical examination, a 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG), and answered a questionnaire regarding health and physical activity. Participants without previously diagnosed AF who answered adequately regarding OPA and LTPA were included. LTPA and OPA were each graded into four levels. Follow-up were carried out between 1981-1983, 1991-1994, and 2001-2003. Information regarding hospitalization and mortality was drawn from the National Patient Registry and the Registry of Causes of Death. Outcome was incident AF as determined by follow-up ECG or register diagnosis. In univariable Cox regression analysis all sub-groups of OPA had a significant higher risk of AF compared to moderate OPA. When adjusting for confounders, the risk remained significantly increased for high OPA (hazard ratio (HR) 1.21 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.02-1.43), p=0.028), and very high OPA (HR 1.39 (95% CI 1.03-1.88), p=0.034). We found no significant association between LTPA and incident AF. Conclusions High and very high OPA were associated with a significantly increased risk of incident AF. LTPA was not associated with risk of incident AF.
A study to derive a clinical decision rule for triage of emergency department patients with chest pain: design and methodology; Background: Chest pain is the second most common chief complaint in North American emergency departments. Data from the U.S. suggest that 2.1% of patients with acute myocardial infarction and 2.3% of patients with unstable angina are misdiagnosed, with slightly higher rates reported in a recent Canadian study (4.6% and 6.4%, respectively). Information obtained from the history, 12-lead ECG, and a single set of cardiac enzymes is unable to identify patients who are safe for early discharge with sufficient sensitivity. The 2007 ACC/AHA guidelines for UA/NSTEMI do not identify patients at low risk for adverse cardiac events who can be safely discharged without provocative testing. As a result large numbers of low risk patients are triaged to chest pain observation units and undergo provocative testing, at significant cost to the healthcare system. Clinical decision rules use clinical findings (history, physical exam, test results) to suggest a diagnostic or therapeutic course of action. Currently no methodologically robust clinical decision rule identifies patients safe for early discharge. Methods/design: The goal of this study is to derive a clinical decision rule which will allow emergency physicians to accurately identify patients with chest pain who are safe for early discharge. The study will utilize a prospective cohort design. Standardized clinical variables will be collected on all patients at least 25 years of age complaining of chest pain prior to provocative testing. Variables strongly associated with the composite outcome acute myocardial infarction, revascularization, or death will be further analyzed with multivariable analysis to derive the clinical rule. Specific aims are to: i) apply standardized clinical assessments to patients with chest pain, incorporating results of early cardiac testing; ii) determine the inter- observer reliability of the clinical information; iii) determine the statistical association between the clinical findings and the composite outcome; and iv) use multivariable analysis to derive a highly sensitive clinical decision rule to guide triage decisions. Discussion: The study will derive a highly sensitive clinical decision rule to identify low risk patients safe for early discharge. This will improve patient care, lower healthcare costs, and enhance flow in our busy and overcrowded emergency departments.
FACTORS PREDICTING A POOR LIFE PROGNOSIS IN RHEUMATOID-ARTHRITIS - AN 8 YEAR PROSPECTIVE-STUDY; This prospective study evaluates the usefulness of clinical features and measurements of circulating immune complexes and autoantibodies for identification of patients with rheumatoid arthritis with a poor life prognosis. One hundred and seven hospital clinic patients, 64 with extra-articular manifestations, were followed up for a mean period of eight years, during which 50 deaths occurred. Comparison with an age and sex matched control population showed an increased incidence of deaths from  myocardial infarction, pneumonia, and complications of rheumatoid arthritis. Patients with cutaneous ulcers, vasculitic rash, neuropathy, and scleritis had a higher mortality than patients whose disease was confined to the joints. Positive serological tests for precipitating antibodies to soluble cellular antigens and cryoglobulinaemia also predicted a poor prognosis. Eleven out of 12 patients (92%) with antibodies to soluble cellular antigens died compared with 21 out of 64 patients (33%)  without antibodies. The presence of cryoglobulinaemia was associated with almost a twofold higher mortality. The laboratory measurements may reflect immunopathogenic mechanisms which lead to the occurrence of extraarticular disease features and reduce life expectancy.
Neuraxial anaesthesia for lower-limb revascularization; Background Lower-limb revascularization is a surgical procedure that is performed to restore an adequate blood supply to the limbs. Lower-limb revascularization surgery is used to reduce pain and sometimes to improve lower-limb function. Neuraxial anaesthesia is an anaesthetic technique that uses local anaesthetics next to the spinal cord to block nerve function. Neuraxial anaesthesia may lead to improved survival. This systematic review was originally published in 2010 and was first updated in 2011 and again in 2013. Objectives To determine the rates of death and major complications associated with spinal and epidural anaesthesia as compared with other types of anaesthesia for lower-limb revascularization in patients aged 18 years or older who are affected by obstruction of lower-limb vessels. Search methods The original review was published in 2010 and was based on a search until June 2008. In 2011 we reran the search until February 2011 and updated the review. For this second updated version of the review, we searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, EMBASE, LILACS, CINAHL and Web of Science from 2011 to April 2013. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials comparing neuraxial anaesthesia (spinal or epidural anaesthesia) versus other types of anaesthesia in adults (18 years or older) with arterial vascular obstruction undergoing lower-limb revascularization surgery. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently performed data extraction and assessed trial quality. We pooled the data on mortality, myocardial infarction, lower-limb amputation and pneumonia. We summarized dichotomous data as odds ratio (OR) with 95% confidence interval (CI) using a random-effects model. Main results In this updated version of the review, we found no new studies that met our inclusion criteria. We included in this review four studies that compared neuraxial anaesthesia with general anaesthesia. The total number of participants was 696, of whom 417 were allocated to neuraxial anaesthesia and 279 to general anaesthesia. Participants allocated to neuraxial anaesthesia had a mean age of 67 years, and 59% were men. Participants allocated to general anaesthesia had a mean age of 67 years, and 66% were men. Four studies had an unclear risk of bias. No difference was observed between participants allocated to neuraxial or general anaesthesia in mortality rate (OR 0.89, 95% CI 0.38 to 2.07; 696 participants; four trials), myocardial infarction (OR 1.23, 95% CI 0.56 to 2.70; 696 participants; four trials), and lower-limb amputation (OR 0.84, 95% CI 0.38 to 1.84; 465 participants; three trials). Pneumonia was less common after neuraxial anaesthesia than after general anaesthesia (OR 0.37, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.89; 201 participants; two trials). Evidence was insufficient for cerebral stroke, duration of hospital stay, postoperative cognitive dysfunction, complications in the anaesthetic recovery room and transfusion requirements. No data described nerve dysfunction, postoperative wound infection, patient satisfaction, postoperative pain score, claudication distance and pain at rest. Authors' conclusions Available evidence from included trials that compared neuraxial anaesthesia with general anaesthesia was insufficient to rule out clinically important differences for most clinical outcomes. Neuraxial anaesthesia may reduce pneumonia. No conclusions can be drawn with regard to mortality, myocardial infarction and rate of lower-limb amputation, or less common outcomes.
Potential Pathogenesis and Biomarkers of Kidney Cancer-Related Stroke; Background: Stroke risk and stroke recurrence are increased in cancer patients, but the pathogenesis and biomarkers of kidney cancer-related stroke (KCS) are generally unclear. The aim of the present research was to investigate the pathogenesis and plasma biomarkers of kidney cancer-related stroke. Material/Methods: A retrospective review was conducted on acute stroke patients with kidney cancer (KC) who were admitted to the hospital between January 2006 and December 2015. A total of 106 patients with KCS (active KC patients with acute stroke but without conventional vascular risks) were identified. In addition, 106 age-and sex-matched patients with KC alone were recruited. Results: KCS patients had higher plasma D-dimer, cancer antigen (CA) 125, and CEA levels and greater proteinuria levels than did KC patients. Multiple logistic regression analysis showed that the risk of stroke in patients with KC increased independently by 0.8% (odds ratio [OR] 1.008; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.002, 1.013; p= 0.004) with a 1 ng/mL increase in D-dimer levels, by 1.2% (OR 1.012; 95% CI 1.007, 1.018; p= 0.000) with a 1 U/mL increase in CA125, by 2.5% (OR 1.025; 95% CI 1.012, 1.038; p= 0.000) with a 1 U/mL increase in CEA by 1.4% (OR 1.014; 95% CI 1.005, 1.024; p= 0.004) with a 1 mg increase in urine protein in 24 hours. Conclusions: Elevated plasma D-dimer, CA125 and CEA levels, and increased urine protein levels might lead to hypercoagulability and then KCS; however, they may also be biomarkers of KCS.
Thrombolysis therapy in acute stroke; The pathophysiological goal of thrombolysis in acute stroke is the rapid restoration of blood flow to minimize the consequences of cerebral ischemia. The applied drugs (streptokinase, urokinase, tissue-plasminogen-activator) have a proteolytic effect and lead more or less selectively to the activation of plasmin which is able to lyse thrombotic material with a high amount of fibrin. So far, a number of clinical studies focused on the efficacy of fibrinolysis in the treatment of acute stroke. However, due to different applied drugs and time windows, these studies can not be easily compared. Currently, the data of three studies, summarized in a meta-analysis (NINDS, ECASS I, ECASS II), are mainly used for the decision-making process at bedside. Using rt-PA (0,9 mg/kg body weight) an odds ratio between 1 4 (confidence intervall 1 1-1,9) and 2,8 (confidence intervall 1,8-4,5) in dependence of the "attack-to-needle-time" (maximum 3 hours) could be evaluated to prevent death or severe neurological impairment due to stroke. However, the risk of cerebral hemorrhage is markedly elevated (13,9% in rt-PA treated patients versus 4,3% in not rt-PA treated patients) but does not lead to higher mortality under study conditions. Recent observational studies on fibrinolysis in the "real world" clinical setting showed a much higher mortality in rt-PA treated patients, in particular if the institution has hitherto low experience with fibrinolysis. For these reasons, fibrinolysis in acute stroke should only be performed in centers with adequate experience, preferably in stroke units or neurological intensive cafe units. In the near future, further progress can be expected with the development of new fibrinolytic substances with higher security, the application of ultrasound to improve thrombus deformation and in the analysis of the patient's individual time window using modern MRI techniques such as DWI and Perfusion MRI or CT including CT-perfusion.
The elder patient with suspected acute coronary syndromes in the emergency department; Objectives: To describe the evaluation and outcomes of elder patients with suspected acute coronary syndromes (ACS) presenting to the emergency department (ED). Methods: This was a post hoc analysis of the Internet Tracking Registry for Acute Coronary Syndromes (i*trACS) registry, which had 17,713 ED visits for suspected ACS. First visits from the United States with nonmissing patient demographics, 12-lead electrocardiogram results, and clinical history were included in the analysis. Those who used cocaine or amphetamines or left the ED against medical advice were excluded. Elder was defined as age 75 years or older. ACS was defined by 30-day revascularization, Diagnosis-related Group codes, or death within 30 days with positive cardiac biomarkers at index hospitalization. Multivariable logistic regression analyses were performed to determine the association between being elder and 1) 30-day all-cause mortality, 2) ACS, 3) diagnostic tests ordered, and 4) disposition. Multivariable logistic regression was also performed to determine which clinical variables were associated with ACS in elder and nonelder patients. Results: A total of 10,126 patients with suspected ACS presenting to the ED were analyzed. For patients presenting to the ED, being elder was independently associated with ACS and all-cause 30-day mortality, with adjusted odds ratios of 1.8 (95% confidence interval [Cl] = 1.5 to 2.2) and 2.6 (95% Cl = 1.6 to 4.3), respectively. Elder patients were more likely to be admitted to the hospital (adjusted odds ratio, 2.2; 95% Cl = 1.8 to 2.6), but there were no differences in the rates of cardiac catheterization and noninvasive stress cardiac imaging. Different clinical variables were associated with ACS in elder and nonelder patients. Chest pain as chief complaint, typical chest pain, and previous history of coronary artery disease were significantly associated with ACS in nonelder patients but were not associated with ACS in elder patients. Male gender and left arm pain were associated with ACS in both elder and nonelder patients. Conclusions: Elder patients who present to the ED with suspected ACS represent a population at high risk for ACS and 30-day mortality. Elders are more likely to be admitted to the hospital, but despite an increased risk for adverse events, they have similar odds of receiving a diagnostic test, such as stress cardiac imaging or cardiac catheterization, compared with nonelder patients. Different clinical variables are associated with ACS, and clinical prediction rules utilizing presenting symptoms should consider the effect modification of age. ACADEMIC EMERGENCY MEDICINE 2007; 14:732-739 (c) 2007 by the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine.
A Comparison of Predictability of Cardiovascular Events between Each Metabolic Component in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome Based on the Revised National Cholesterol Education Program Criteria; Purpose: The prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) generally varies depending on its diagnostic definition, and many different definitions inevitably lead to substantial confusion and lack of comparability between studies. Despite extensive research, there is still no gold standard for the definition of MetS, which continues to be a matter of debate. In this study, we investigate whether and to what extent its individual components are related to the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in Korean population. Materials and Methods: We used data from the 2005 Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, which is a nationally representative survey of the noninstitutionalized civilian population. The study sample consisted of 1,406 Korean adults (587 men, 819 women) who were diagnosed with MetS based on the revised National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) criteria. Central obesity is defined as a waist circumference cutoff point reported in Asia-Pacific criteria for obesity based on waist circumference by the World Health Organization. CVD was defined as presence of stroke, myocardial infarction, or angina pectoris on a medical history questionnaire. Results: The CVD prevalence among the subjects was 6.8% for men and 8.6% for women. Besides age, the components of MetS showing a significant difference in the number of CVD events were high fasting glucose (FG) in men and high blood pressure (BP) and high FG in women. After adjusting for gender and age, high FG was shown to yield a significant difference (odds ratio: unadjusted 2.08, adjusted 1.81), alone among all MetS components. However, after adjusting for only age, no significant difference was found. Conclusion: Fasting glucose level is the highest predicting factor for,CVD in Korean patients with MetS based on the revised NECP definition.
Treatment of Acute Coronary Syndrome by Telemedically Supported Paramedics Compared With Physician-Based Treatment: A Prospective, Interventional, Multicenter Trial; Background: Prehospital treatment of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) in German emergency medical services (EMSs) is reserved for EMS physicians due to legal issues. Objective: The objective of this prospective, interventional, multicenter trial was to evaluate the quality of telemedically-delegated therapy and the possible complications in patients with ACS. Methods: After approval by the ethics committee and trial registration, a one-year study phase was started in August 2012 with 5 ambulances, telemedically equipped and staffed with paramedics, in 4 German EMS districts. The paramedics could contact an EMS-physician-staffed telemedicine center. After initiation of an audio connection, real-time data transmission was automatically established. If required, 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) and still pictures could be sent. Video was streamed from inside each ambulance. All drugs, including opioids, were delegated to the paramedics based on standardized, predefined algorithms. To compare telemedically-delegated medication and treatment in ACS cases with regular EMS missions, a matched pair analysis with historical controls was performed. Results: Teleconsultation was performed on 150 patients having a cardiovascular emergency. In 39 cases, teleconsultation was started due to suspected ACS. No case had a medical complication. Correct handling of 12-lead ECG was performed equally between the groups (study group, n=38 vs control group, n=39, P>.99). There were no differences in correct handling of intravenous administration of acetylsalicylic acid, heparin, or morphine between both the groups (study group vs control group): acetylsalicylic acid, n=31 vs n=33, P=.73; unfractionated heparin, n=34 vs n=33, P>.99; morphine, n=29 vs n=27, P=.50. The correct handling of oxygen administration was significantly higher in the study group (n=29 vs n=18, P=. 007). Conclusions: Telemedical delegation of guideline conform medication and therapy by paramedics in patients with ACS and was found to be feasible and safe. The quality of guideline-adherent therapy was not significantly different in both the groups except for the correct administration of oxygen, which was significantly higher in the study group.
Menopause and hormone replacement therapy.; Introduction. - Considered until recently as a biological fate, menopause has evolved within a decade into a major public health issue at stake. Such an evolution results from various factors that deserve an exhaustive critical approach because the situation is much more complex than it appears to be at first analysis. Current knowledge and key points. - 1) Ninety-fiver percent of the available epidemiological information relies on observation or cohort studies, such as case-control studies that do not allow any certitude in regard to therapy. 2) Chronic estrogen deficiency probably plays a pathogenic role in various symptoms or pathological conditions that are associated to menopause. 3) However, behind the paradigm of menopause, there is a whole psychosocial construct that classifies what remains a physiological condition within major risk factors, just as for the most serious chronic diseases. 4) Indeed, menopause cannot be considered as a well-characterized disease, and hormone replacement therapy is undeniably a complex therapeutic intervention that requires proper prescription and careful evaluation of the benefit:risk ratio. 5) While such a treatment is now considered as the gold standard for the prevention of post-menopausal osteoporosis, this does not hold true regarding cardiovascular diseases. 6) Although hormone replacement therapy may lead to the relief of Various symptoms associated with menopause, it may also result in side-effects that extreme medication cannot prevent, especially since some of them are not fully known, particularly in the case of either long-term or very long-term treatments. Future prospects and projects. - A more rigorous evaluation of side-effects of hormone replacement therapy in the framework of long-term controlled trials is therefore clearly required. The indications of such a treatment should only rely on objective data and not on questionable studies or impressions at clinical examination. (C) 2000 Editions scientifiques et medicales Elsevier SAS.
Thrombolysis, stroke-unit admission and early rehabilitation in elderly patients; Few elderly patients have been included in randomized trials assessing recombinant tissue plasminogen activator (rtPA) in stroke. in North America, intravenous thrombolysis is allowed in these patients; however, the European Medicines Agency does not recommend rtPA for the treatment of stroke in patients over 80 years of age. The influence of age on outcome following stroke-unit care and rehabilitation also remains controversial. in the absence of randomized trials, the efficacy of thrombolysis in elderly patients is difficult to measure. The majority of rtPA cohort studies demonstrate that patients over 80 years of age have lower rates of positive outcomes following treatment than younger patients. These studies are, however, reassuring with regard to the risk of symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage and death, and suggest that rtPA can be safely administered to carefully selected elderly patients within 3 h of the onset of stroke. Further randomized studies will lead to more-accurate conclusions about the efficacy and safety of rtPA in the elderly subgroup. Admission to a stroke unit rather than to a general ward and early rehabilitation are justified in elderly patients. in this article, we review the literature regarding the effect of thrombolysis, stroke-unit care, and rehabilitation in patients over 80 years of age with stroke.
Early Cardiac Catheterization Laboratory Activation by Paramedics for Patients with ST-segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction on Prehospital 12-Lead Electrocardiograms; Background. Prompt reperfusion in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) saves lives. Although studies have shown that paramedics can reliably interpret STEMI on prehospital 12-lead electrocardiograms (p12ECGs), prehospital activation of the cardiac catheterization laboratory by emergency medical services (EMS) has not yet gained widespread acceptance. Objective. To quantify the potential reduction in time to percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) by early prehospital activation of the cardiac catheterization laboratory in STEMI. Methods. This prospective, observational study enrolled all patients diagnosed with STEMI by paramedics in a mid-sized regional EMS system. Patients were enrolled if: 1) the paramedic interpreted STEMI on the p12ECG, 2) the Acute Cardiac Ischemia Time-Insensitive Predictive Instrument (ACI-TIPI) score was 75% or greater, and 3) the patient was transported to either of two area PCI centers. Data recorded included the time of initial EMS "STEMI alert" from the scene, time of arrival at the emergency department (ED), and time of actual catheterization laboratory activation by the ED physician, all using synchronized clocks. The primary outcome measure was the time difference between the STEMI alert and the actual activation (i.e., potential time savings). The false-positive rate (patients incorrectly diagnosed with STEMI by paramedics) was also calculated and compared with a locally accepted false-positive rate of 10%. Results. Twelve patients were enrolled prior to early termination of the study. The mean and median potential time reductions were 15 and 11 minutes, respectively (range 7-29 minutes). There was one false STEMI alert (8.3% false-positive rate) for a patient with a right bundle branch block who subsequently had a non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction. The study was terminated when our cardiologists adopted a prehospital catheterization laboratory activation protocol based on our initial data. Conclusion. Important reductions in time to reperfusion seem possible by activation of the catheterization laboratory by EMS from the scene, with an acceptably low false-positive rate in this small sample. This type of clinical research can inform multidisciplinary policies and bring about meaningful clinical practice changes.
THE LEFT-VENTRICLE IN SYSTEMIC LUPUS-ERYTHEMATOSUS - INITIAL OBSERVATIONS AND A 5-YEAR FOLLOW-UP IN A UNIVERSITY MEDICAL-CENTER POPULATION; The objectives of this study were to determine the natural history of abnormalities in left ventricular size and function in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and to determine whether changes in ventricular function can be attributed to a primary lupus cardiomyopathy. The design was a prospective 5-year follow-up study in a university hospital. There were 28 patients with systemic lupus erythematosis who were enrolled in an echocardiographic study from 1985 to 1986 and who were available for follow-up echocardiographic examinations. Patients were prospectively subgrouped according to the presence or absence of systemic hypertension. Twenty healthy volunteers participated as normal control subjects. Measurements of left ventricular mass index, mean wall thickness, volumes, and ejection fraction and Doppler indices of mitral inflow were performed on all patients and control subjects. Increases in left ventricular mass index, mean wall thickness, and end-systolic volume and decreases in ejection fraction were seen in the patients with lupus when compared with control subjects (p less-than-or-equal-to 0.05) and were related to the presence of hypertension and coronary artery disease. In the group of patients without hypertension, no significant differences in left ventricular mass index, volumes, or ejection fraction were detected when compared with the control group. The normotensive patients did demonstrate mild abnormalities of mitral inflow that did not worsen during the follow-up period. It was concluded that abnormalities of systolic and diastolic left ventricular function are common in patients with lupus, are progressive over time, and are related to the coexistence of hypertension and coronary artery disease. Primary involvement of the heart in systemic lupus erythematosus does not lead to clinically significant changes in left ventricular size or function over a 5-year follow-up period.
Effect of the McGRATH MAC® Video Laryngoscope on Hemodynamic Response during Tracheal Intubation: A Retrospective Study; Background Hypertension often occurs after tracheal intubation using a Macintosh laryngoscope and may lead to rare but serious complications. The Macintosh laryngoscope may increase the incidence of hypertension because it requires forced alignment of the oral and pharyngeal axes in order to view the glottis. In contrast, the McGRATH MAC video laryngoscope does not require this manipulation. The objective of this study was to evaluate the incidence of hypertension after tracheal intubation using a McGRATH laryngoscope compared with a Macintosh laryngoscope. Methods Data of 360 consecutive patients who underwent general anesthesia with tracheal intubation by Macintosh laryngoscope or McGRATH video laryngoscope were obtained retrospectively. A total of 16 variables including patient characteristics, anesthetic drug used, and intubation techniques were extracted as potential factors affecting the incidence of hypertension after intubation. The incidence of hypertension after tracheal intubation was defined as an increase in systolic blood pressure (SBP) > 20% of values immediately before intubation. Propensity scoring with inverse probability weighting was used to calculate the odds ratio for the incidence of hypertension after intubation with a McGRATH video laryngoscope as the primary outcome. The mean difference in SBP change between the two laryngoscopes was also calculated. Results A McGRATH laryngoscope was used in 68 of 360 patients (18%). The numbers of patients who increase in systolic blood pressure of more than 20% was 189 patients (53%). The odds ratio for the use of a McGRATH laryngoscope was 0.43 (95% confidence interval (CI), 0.19-0.96; P = 0.04). The mean difference in SBP change between the two laryngoscopes was -8.6 mmHg ( 95% CI, -17.4 to 0.2; P = 0.06). Conclusions The use of a McGRATH laryngoscope may reduce the incidence of hypertension after tracheal intubation compared to the Macintosh laryngoscope.
Quality of life of chronic stable angina patients 4 years after coronary angioplasty or coronary artery bypass surgery; Objective. To evaluate the quality of life experienced by chronic stable angina patients with one- or two-vessel coronary artery disease treated with percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA) or coronary artery bypass graft (CABG). Design. Prospective survey and review of medical records. Patients. Consecutive series of 601 Swedish chronic stable angina patients with one- or two-vessel disease who underwent CABG (n = 252) or PTCA (n = 349) between May 1994 and January 1995. Main outcome measures. We assessed five components of the Swedish Quality of Life Survey, anginal frequency, sublingual nitroglycerin use, and survival at 6, 21 and 48 months following coronary revascularization. Results. Anginal frequency and sublingual nitroglycerin use decreased for all patients by 6 months, but more amongst surgery patients than amongst angioplasty patients (P < 0.05). At 48 months, more bypass patients reported that they had not used sublingual nitroglycerin during the preceding 4 weeks (73.1 vs. 63.4%, P < 0.05). At 6 months, bypass patients had greater levels of improvement in physical functioning (15.3 vs. 10.5, P < 0.05) and general health perception (16.5 vs. 10.2, P < 0.05) than angioplasty patients, Bypass patients also had better relief from pain (19.4 vs. 14.6, P < 0.05), quality of sleep (17.6 vs. 4.6, P < 0.05) and general health perception (17.3 vs. 12.1, P < 0.05) at 21 months. By 48 months follow-up, there was no longer ally difference in these measures between groups. Conclusions. Both bypass surgery and angioplasty lead to improved quality of life for patients with chronic stable angina and one- or two-vessel coronary artery disease. Bypass surgery is associated with better quality of life at 6 months, but by 48 months quality of life is similar for patients initially treated by either procedure.
Overcoming the limitations of current meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; For a meta-analysis to give definitive information, it should meet at least the minimum standards that would be expected of a well-designed, adequately powered, and carefully conducted randomised controlled trial. These minimum standards include both qualitative characteristics-a prospective protocol, comparable definitions of key outcomes, quality control of data, and inclusion of all patients from all trials in the final analysis-and quantitative standards-an assessment of whether the total sample is large enough to provide reliable results and the use of appropriate statistical monitoring guidelines to indicate when the results of the accumulating data of a meta-analysis are conclusive. We believe that rigorous meta-analyses undertaken according to these principles will lead to more reliable evidence about the efficacy and safety of interventions than either retrospective meta-analysis or individual trials.
COGNITIVE OUTCOME AND QUALITY OF LIFE ONE YEAR AFTER SUBARACHNOID HEMORRHAGE; In this prospective study, 100 patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage (SAH) were assessed at discharge, 3 months, and 1 year using modern methods of neuropsychology to examine cognitive status and semistructured interviews to assess changes in personality and quality of life. A control group of 50 patients suffering myocardial infarction were also assessed at discharge and 1 year. Results of cognitive testing in the SAH group were unremarkable and compared well with the control group. Similarly, there was no evidence of a consequent reduction in the quality of life in the majority of the SAH patients. These results lead us to conclude that where the medical and surgical course of SAH is uncomplicated, patients recover with no permanent or significant reduction in their intellectual ability of life status. Possible reasons for the difference between these results and those of other studies are discussed.
Introduction to Hierarchical Modeling; Background: Hierarchical modeling (HM) is a statistical technique that has gained in popularity in health care research. It has been used for analysis of secondary data, performance profiles or benchmarking studies, and in prospective trials. The technique is used in situations in which traditional regression analysis might lead to incorrect conclusions. Specifically, data drawn from nested settings such as hospital units or hospice providers may be correlated, thus violating an assumption required for ordinary least squares regression. Objective: This article provides a description of HM, reviews two recent articles in palliative care that have used the technique, and presents an illustrative case study to further illuminate the potential of the method. Conclusion: When used appropriately, HM allows researchers to specify and test hypotheses that would not otherwise be possible, and avoid incorrect conclusions from nested data.
Evaluation of echocardiography in the management of elderly patients with heart failure; Objective: to determine the validity of a clinical diagnosis of systolic dysfunction in elderly patients with heart failure and assess the contribution of echocardiography to their management. Subjects: 61 elderly patients with a diagnosis of heart failure in a geriatric assessment unit setting. Methods: prospective study determining sensitivity, specificity and predictive values of a clinical and radiological diagnosis compared with echocardiographic standard. Proposed management was compared before and after echocardiography. Results: clinical assessment was highly sensitive (93%) but lacked specificity (32%). Combining radiological and clinical diagnoses increased specificity to 58%. Echocardiography revised the lead cardiac diagnosis for 28% of patients and influenced patient management plans for 41%. Conclusion: for elderly patients with heart failure, echocardiography improves diagnostic accuracy and identifies those patients with potential to benefit from angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors.
Diagnostic utility, safety, and cost-effectiveness of emergency department-initiated early scheduled technetium-99m single photon emission computed tomography imaging followed by expedited outpatient cardiac clinic visits in acute chest pain syndromes; Conventional emergency department (EMD) approach to triaging acute chest pain syndromes may lead to unnecessary admissions, resulting to in-hospital bed occupancy and increased healthcare costs. We explore the diagnostic utility of early (less than a week) outpatient scheduled single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) in intermediate-risk chest pain subjects who presented to EMD with non-diagnostic electrocardiogram and negative serum troponin level. Additionally, we intend to study the safety and cost-effectiveness of such a strategy. We conduct a prospective, non-randomized study of 108 subjects who fit the inclusion criteria. After SPECT studies, all subjects were evaluated in the cardiac clinic within 2 weeks of EMD visits. Final diagnosis of coronary artery disease and subsequent disposition to standard medical therapy or follow-on angiography were decided by incorporating pre-test clinical data and SPECT results. Adverse events defined as myocardial infarction and cardiac death was tracked between EMD visit and eventual therapy (either medical therapy or coronary revascularization). Finally, cost-effectiveness was determined based on estimated cost and days of hospitalization saved between standard strategies of ward admission for further evaluation versus the present early outpatient SPECT-based workflow. Among 108 subjects (mean age 58 years, 59% male) included for analysis, 82 (76%) had normal perfusion status. There was no statistical difference in baseline characteristics and prior ischemic heart disease history between groups. In the 26 abnormal perfusion subjects, seven had follow-on coronary angiography in which three were found to have significant stenotic coronary lesions, but only one had intervention performed. There was an unscheduled coronary angiography in the normal perfusion group that yielded normal coronary anatomy. There was no adverse clinical event in both groups. Compared with standard strategy, early outpatient SPECT initiated by EMD physicians followed by cardiac clinic evaluation resulted in 2.9 days of hospitalization or $ 781.23 saved per patient per EMD visit. EMD-initiated early SPECT studies followed by cardiac clinic evaluation in intermediate-risk acute chest pain syndromes with nondiagnostic ECG and negative serum troponin levels carries excellent diagnostic and therapeutic utility, in addition to being safe and cost-effective.
ST-segment deviation on the admission electrocardiogram, treatment strategy, and outcome in non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndromes - A substudy of the Invasive versus Conservative Treatment in Unstable coronary Syndromes (ICTUS) Trial; Background: We assessed the prognostic significance of the presence of cumulative (Sigma) ST-segment deviation on the admission electrocardiogram (ECG) in patients with non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome and an elevated troponin T randomized to a selective invasive (SI) or an early invasive treatment strategy. Methods: A 12-lead ECG obtained at admission was available for analysis from 1163 patients. The presence and magnitude of ST-segment deviation was measured in each lead, and absolute ST-segment deviation was summed. The effect of treatment strategy was assessed for patients with or without Sigma ST-segment deviation of at least 1 mm. Results: The incidence of death or myocardial infarction (MI) by 1 year in patients with Sigma ST-segment deviation of at least 1 mm was 18.0% compared with 11.1% in patients with Sigma ST-segment deviation of less than 1 mm (P =.001). Among patients with E ST-segment deviation of at least I mm, the incidence of death or MI was 21.9% in the early invasive group compared with 14.2% in SI group (P <.01). However, we observed a significantly higher rate of MI after hospital discharge among patients with Sigma ST-segment deviation of at least 1 mm randomized to SI who did not undergo angiography compared with patients who underwent angiography before discharge (10.9% vs 2.4%, P =.003). In a forward logistic regression analysis, the presence of ST-segment deviation was an independent predictor for failure of medical therapy (coronary angiography within 30 days after randomization in the SI group) (odds ratio, 1.56; 95% confidence interval, 1.12-2.18; P=.009). Conclusion: Patients with non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome and an elevated troponin T and Sigma ST-segment deviation of at least 1 mm are at increased risk of death or MI, more often fail on medical therapy, and more often experience a spontaneous MI after discharge when angiography was not performed during initial hospitalization. (c) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Is there a true Hispanic paradox?; The observation that Hispanics have power all-cause and cardiovascular mortality despite increased prevalence of diabetes and obesity, lower socioeconomic status and barriers to health care, has been termed the "Hispanic Paradox". There are problems of data reliability and confounding bias in the analysis of this paradox. Material and methods. An electronic search in the MEDLINE was performed for information published during the last 30 years: National cohort studies, population based and case-control studies, vital statistics and major review articles were included using the following key words: Cardiovascular disease and overall mortality by ethnicity, in diabetic patients from the US and Latin America. Results. A total of 140 articles were included, classified and analyzed separately according to the following thematic: The U.S. Hispanic population, cardiovascular (CV) and overall mortality rates in Hispanics, type 2 diabetes in Hispanics, diabetes and coronary heart disease, CV disease in Hispanic diabetic patients, CV risk profile in Hispanics, ethnicity and CV risk factors, diabetes and CV disease in Latin America and a search for the protective or causative factors for CV disease. Conclusions. Much controversy and diverse confounding factors surround the Hispanic paradox. The present data suggest that the lower mortality in Hispanics is not "genuine", but is rather caused by migratory factors and probably mild distortions due to selection combined with mild reporting errors that may produce the appearance of a paradox when there is none at all. Even more, recent studies do not confirm the lower mortality rates in US Hispanics compared to the Non Hispanic White population, or that Hispanics from Latin America have lower mortality rates from CV disease than the US population. In the current era of globalization, major changes in the socio-economic and cultural status of people in developing countries and disadvantaged and minority groups in developed nations has lead to the current diabetic and atherosclerotic heart disease epidemic.
Predictive value of the fragmented QRS complex in 6-month mortality and morbidity following acute coronary syndrome; Background: Fragmented QRS encompasses different RSR' patterns showing various morphologies of the QRS complexes with or without the Q wave on a resting 12-lead electrocardiogram. It has been shown possibly to cause adverse cardiac outcomes in patients with some heart diseases, including coronary artery disease. In view of the need for risk stratification of patients presenting with acute coronary syndrome in the most efficacious and cost-effective way, we conducted this study to clarify the value of developing fragmented QRS in a cohort of patients presenting with their first acute coronary syndrome in predicting 6-month mortality and morbidity. Methods: One hundred consecutive patients admitted to the coronary care unit at Shahid Madani Heart Center in Tabriz from December 2008 to March 2009 with their first acute coronary syndrome were enrolled in this prospective study. Demographic and electrocardiographic data on admission, inhospital mortality, and need for revascularization were recorded. Electrocardiography performed 2 months after the index event was examined for development of fragmented QRS. Mortality and morbidity was evaluated at 6-month follow-up in all patients. Results: The patients were of mean age 57.7 +/- 12.8 years, and 84% were men. The primary diagnosis was unstable angina in 17 (17%) patients, non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (MI) in 11 (11%), anterior or inferior ST elevation MI in 66 (66%), and postero-inferior MI in six (6%). Fragmented QRS was present in 30 (30%) patients during the first admission, which increased to 44% at the 2-month follow-up and to 53% at the 6-month follow-up. The presence of various coronary risk factors and drug therapy given, including fibrinolytic agents, had no effect on development of fragmented QRS. Mortality was significantly higher (P = 0.032) and left ventricular ejection fraction was significantly lower (P = 0.001) in the fragmented QRS group at the 6-month follow-up. Conclusion: This study strongly suggests that fragmented QRS on initial presentation with acute coronary syndrome is not predictive of subsequent events but, if present 6 months later, could be predictive of an adverse outcome.
Collaborative meta-analysis of prospective studies of plasma fibrinogen and cardiovascular disease; Background Many long-term studies have reported on associations of plasma fibrinogen concentration with cardiovascular disease, but few have been large enough to provide reliable estimates in different circumstances. Moreover, most published prospective studies have related disease risk only to baseline values of plasma fibrinogen (which can lead to substantial underestimation of any risk relationships) and have corrected only for baseline values of possible confounding factors (which can lead to residual biases). Objectives By appropriate combination of data from individual participants from all relevant prospective studies in a systematic 'meta-analysis, with correction for regression dilution, the Fibrinogen Studies Collaboration will aim to characterize more precisely than has previously been possible the strength and shape of the age- and sex-specific associations of plasma fibrinogen with coronary heart disease (and, where data are sufficient, with other vascular diseases). It will also help to determine to what extent such associations are independent of possible confounding factors. Methods A central database has been established containing data on plasma fibrinogen, sex and other potential confounding factors, age at baseline fibrinogen measurement, age at event or at last follow-up, major vascular morbidity and cause-specific mortality. Information about any repeat measurements of fibrinogen and potential confounding factors is being sought to allow study-specific correction for regression dilution. The analyses will involve age-specific regression models. Synthesis of the available prospective studies of plasma fibrinogen will yield information on more than 10000 incident cardiovascular deaths and events among the approximately 200000 total participants who have been monitored, on average, for about 10 years. (C) 2004 The European Society of Cardiology.
PROSPECTIVE ANALYSIS OF ELECTROCARDIOGRAPHIC VARIABLES AS MARKERS FOR EXTENT AND LOCATION OF ACUTE WALL MOTION ABNORMALITIES OBSERVED DURING CORONARY ANGIOPLASTY IN HUMAN-SUBJECTS; To assess the usefulness of different electrocardiographic variables as markers for the presence, extent and location of new wall motion abnormalities seen after sudden controlled coronary occlusion, 23 patients with isolated left anterior descending (n = 12), or right (n = 11) coronary artery disease and a normal baseline left ventriculogram were prospectively studied during transluminal coronary angioplasty. A simultaneous 12 lead electrocardiogram was recorded before passing the balloon catheter and again at 30 seconds into the fourth inflation cycle. Using a second arterial catheter a left ventriculogram was obtained at 40 seconds into the fourth inflation cycle. The extent of wall motion abnormalities was described as the percent of left ventricular perimeter showing hypocontractility. During balloon inflation, 19 of the 23 patients developed new hypocontractility ranging from 3 to 40%. ST segment elevation in lead V2 was the most sensitive marker for anterior wall hypocontractility and ST segment elevation in lead III was the most sensitive marker for inferior wall hypocontractility. Highly significant correlations were observed between the extent of the hypocontractile perimeter and 1) the sum of St segment elevation in all 12 leads; 2) the magnitue of ST segment elevation in either lead V2 or lead III; and 3) the total number of leads with ST elevation .gtoreq. 0.5 mV. No significant changes were seen in the sum of R wave amplitudes, but a significant prolongation of the QT interval was seen during ischemia. In conclusion, acute ST segment elevations parallels the development of new asynergy during transluminal coronary angioplasty. The close association between ST segment elevation and the extent of asynergy may be useful in predicting the impact of sudden coronary dissection and occlusion on ventricular function during coronary angioplasty.
Oral anticoagulants for preventing stroke in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation and no previous history of stroke or transient ischemic attacks; Background Non-valvular atrial fibrillation (AF) is associated with an increased risk of stroke mediated by embolism of stasis-precipitated thrombi from the left atrial appendage. Objectives The objective is to characterize the efficacy and safety of oral anticoagulants (OACs) for the primary prevention of stroke in patients with chronic AF. Search Strategy We searched the Cochrane Stroke Group Trials Register (last searched in June 2004). In addition, we searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (The Cochrane Library, Issue 4, 2004), MEDLINE (1966 to June 2004), and the reference lists of recent review articles. We also contacted the Atrial Fibrillation Collaboration and experts working in the field to identify unpublished and ongoing trials. Selection Criteria All randomized controlled trials comparing OACs with control in patients with chronic non-valvular atrial fibrillation and no history of transient ischemic attack (TIA) or stroke. Data collection and analysis Trials for inclusion were independently selected by two authors who also extracted each outcome and double-checked the data. The Peto method was used for combining odds ratios. All analysis were as far as possible, intention-to-treat. Since the published results of four trials included 3% to 8% of participants with prior stroke or TIA, unpublished results excluding these participants were obtained from the Atrial Fibrillation Investigators. Main Results Of 2313 participants without prior cerebral ischemia fro five randomized trials, the mean age was 69 years. Participant features and study quality were similar between trials: the OAC in all five trials was warfarin. About half of participants (n = 1154) were randomized to adjusted-dose warfarin with mean achieved INRs ranging between 2.0 to 2.6. During 1.5 years mean follow-up, warfarin was associated with large, highly statistically significant reductions in all strokes (odds ratio (OR) 0.39, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.26 TO 0.59), ischemic stroke (OR 0.34, 95% CI 0.23 to 0.52), all disabling or fatal stroke (OR 0.47, 95% CI 0.28 to 0.80), death (OR 0.69, 95% CI 0.50 to 0.94) and the combined endpoint of all stroke, myocardial infarction or vascular death (OR 0.56, 95% CI 0.42 to 0.76). The observed rates of intercranial and extracranial hemorrhage were not significantly increased by OAC therapy, but the confidence intervals were wide. Author's conclusions Treatment with adjusted-dose warfarin to achieved INRs of 2 to 3 reduces stroke, disabling or fatal stroke and death for patients with non-valvular AF. The benefits were not substantially offset by increased bleeding among these participants in randomized clinical trials. Limitations include relatively short follow up and imprecise estimates of bleeding risks from the selected participants enrolled in the trials. For primary prevention of stroke in AF patients, about 25 strokes and about 12 disabling or fatal strokes would be prevented yearly for every 1000 atrial fibrillation patients given OACs. Synopsis Oral anticoagulants prevent stroke and death in people with atrial fibrillation. Atrial fibrillation is an irregularity of the heartbeat that leads to blood clots forming in the upper chambers of the heart (the atria). These clots can break free and travel through the blood stream to the brain and cause a stroke. Anticoagulant drugs, such as warfarin, slow blood clotting. The degree of inhibition of blood clotting during warfarin treatment is measured by a blood test called the international normalized ratio (INR). Dosages of warfarin that lead to INRs of 2.0 to 2.6 reduce death and stroke when given to patients with atrial fibrillation. Oral anticoagulants can cause bleeding into the brain and elsewhere. However, provided that there is careful control of dosage (requiring INR measurements at least monthly with warfarin), the risk of serious bleding is low. The decision about whether or not to use oral anticoagulants in patients with atrial fibrillation is guided by a number of factors, including the individuals risk of stroke, which varies widely among patients with atrial fibrillation. Most people with atrial fibrillation should be considered for treatment with oral anticoagulants based on their risk of stroke, ability to tolerate anticoagulation without bleeding, and access to adequate anticoagulation monitoring.
Postural blood pressure changes and orthostatic hypotension in the elderly patient - Impact of antihypertensive medications; With age our ability to maintain haemodynamic homeostasis during position changes becomes less effective. This predisposes elderly patients to significant changes in blood pressure upon standing and orthostatic hypotension (OH). The prevalence of OH varies according to the population being studied. A range of between 5% and 60% has been reported with the lower rate in elderly individuals living in the community and higher rates in those living in an institution or in the acute-care setting. Multiple factors have been linked to OH including age, bed rest, low body mass index and medications. Although anti hypertensive medications can theoretically, as a group, worsen OH, the majority of cross-sectional studies have found no association. In addition, prospective randomised trials have demonstrated an improvement in postural blood pressure (PBP) changes with antihypertensive medications. When considering the individual classes, peripheral vasodilators, specifically alpha-adrenoceptor antagonists and nondihydropyridine calcium channel antagonists, can exacerbate PBP changes and lead to OH. ACE inhibitors, angiotensin-receptor antagonists and beta-adrenoceptor antagonists with intrinsic sympathomimetic activity are less likely to worsen OH. Careful management of electrolyte disturbance can decrease the risk of developing OH with diuretic use. With the aging population, this problem will be encountered by the clinicians at a much higher rate. A detailed patient history, an accurate orthostatic blood pressure measurement and careful evaluation of the autonomic nervous system can provide clinical guidance for management of OH. In hypertensive individuals with no pre-treatment OH, the use of antihypertensive medication can be safe and lead to a low risk of developing OH. In individuals with pre-treatment OH or who develop OH while on antihypertensive medications avoidance of the classes that may exacerbate OH and a judicious use of antihypertensive classes that may improve PBP changes may be safe and adequate treatment.
Thrombus Aspiration during Percutaneous coronary intervention in Acute myocardial infarction Study (TAPAS) - Study design; Background and Objective Embolization of atherothrombotic material is common during percutoneous coronary intervention (PCI) in acute myocardial infarction (MI). This may lead to distal vessel occlusion resulting in impaired myocardial perfusion, which is associated with larger infarct size and increased mortality. Adjunctive devices for PCI to protect the microcirculation have been developed. We intend to determine whether aspiration of thrombotic material before stent implantation of the infarct-related coronary artery results in improved myocardial perfusion compared with conventional primary PCI. Study Design TAPAS is a single-center, prospective, randomized trial with a planned inclusion of 1080 patients with ST-elevation Ml. Patients are assigned to treatment with thrombus aspiration with the 6F Export Aspiration Catheter (Medtronic Corporation, Santa Rosa, Calif) or to balloon angioplasty before stent implantation in the infarct-related artery. All patients will be treated medically according to current international guidelines including glycoprotein llb/llla inhibitors before PCI. Randomization will be performed before coronary angiography. The primary end point is angiographic myocardial blush grade of < 2. Secondary end points are enzymatic infarct size, ST-segment elevation resolution and persistent ST-segment elevation, postprocedural distal embolization, and Major Adverse Cardiac Events at 30 days and 1 year. Implications If thrombus aspiration significantly improves myocardial perfusion, it will lend support to the use of this treatment as part of the standard approach in patients with acute MI.
Atrial fibrillation and anticoagulation in patients with permanent pacemakers: Implications for stroke prevention; Several large prospective randomized trials have demonstrated that anticoagulation with warfarin reduces the risk of thromboembolic stroke in high risk patients with chronic AF by approximately 70%. Large numbers of patients with permanent pacemakers have AF, and anticoagulation rates in this population have not been described. In a prospective analysis of 110 consecutive patients attending the pacemaker clinic of a large university hospital, we assessed the number of patients with AF and the proportion of these patients who were receiving anticoagulation to prevent thromboembolic stroke. Where necessary, temporary pacemaker reprogramming to low ventricular rates was utilized to facilitate the diagnosis of AF. Fifty-three of the 110 patients (48%) were diagnosed with AF, all of whom (100%) had accepted high risk factors for thromboembolic stroke. Only eight of the 53 (15%) had been anticoagulated with warfarin. Thirty-six of the 53 patients (68%) diagnosed with AF had no prior documented diagnosis of chronic AF, and the majority had no symptoms suggesting AF. A single lead II ECG was insufficient in 67 of the 110 patients (61%) to diagnose the underlying atrial rhythm; the remainder required 12-lead ECGs or temporary pacemaker reprogramming to low ventricular rates to diagnose the underlying atrial rhythm. AF is common in patients with permanent pacemakers. It is commonly asymptomatic, and anticoagulation is markedly underutilized in reducing stroke risk in these patients. Attention to the possibility of AF in paced patients should allow prompt diagnosis and allow both the initiation of anticoagulation in order to reduce thromboembolic stroke risk and consideration for cardioversion of AF to sinus rhythm.
Glycemic load and coronary heart disease in a Mediterranean population: The EPIC Greek cohort study; Background and aims: High glycemic load (GL) has been associated with increased coronary heart disease (CHD) risk. We evaluated whether preference of low-GL foods conveys incremental benefits with respect to CHD, especially to people adhering to the traditional Mediterranean diet (MD). Methods and results: We analyzed data from the Greek European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition, including 20,275 participants free of cardiovascular diseases, cancer, or diabetes at baseline and without incident diabetes. Subjects completed a validated, semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire at enrollment. We calculated a 10-point MD adherence score and the dietary GL, and estimated hazard ratios (HRs) for CHD incidence and mortality through Cox proportional hazard regression. After a median follow-up of 10.4 years, 417 participants developed CHD, and 162 died from the disease. A significant positive association of GL with CHD incidence emerged (HR for the highest versus the lowest tertile = 1.41, 95% confidence interval, CI: 1.05-1.90). HRs for CHD mortality exceeded unity but were not statistically significant. The association with GL was stronger among subjects with higher body mass index. High adherence to MD with low/moderate GL was associated with lower risk of CHD incidence (HR = 0.61, CI: 0.39-0.95) and mortality (HR = 0.47, 95% CI: 0.23-96). Conclusion: High dietary GL increases the risk of CHD. Compared to a high GL diet with suboptimal adherence to the traditional Mediterranean pattern, a low/moderate GL diet that also conforms to the traditional MD principles could lead to a 40% reduced risk for CHD, and over 50% reduced risk for death from CHD. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Antiviral efficacy and safety of abacavir-containing combination antiretroviral therapy as first-line treatment of HIV-infected children and adolescents: a systematic review protocol; Background: Abacavir is one of the recommended nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NRTIs) for the treatment of HIV infections among children and adolescents. However, there are concerns that the antiviral efficacy of abacavir might be low when compared to other NRTIs especially among children. There are also concerns that abacavir use may lead to serious adverse events such as hypersensitivity reactions and has potential predisposition to developing cardiovascular diseases. Methods: We plan to do a systematic review to evaluate the antiviral efficacy and safety of abacavir-containing combination antiretroviral therapy as first-line treatment of HIV-infected children aged between 3 months and 18 years, compared with other NRTIs. We will search Scopus, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, and Web of Science databases for eligible studies regardless of language or publication status. We will check the reference lists of included studies, search relevant conference proceedings, email the authors of included studies and also look for unpublished and ongoing trials in prospective clinical trial registries. Two authors will independently screen search outputs, select studies, extract data and assess the risk of bias in included studies. All disagreements will be resolved by discussion and consensus. Where data allow, we will conduct meta-analysis for similar types of participants, study designs, interventions, and outcome measures. If the results are statistically homogeneous, we will use the fixed-effect model; otherwise, we will use the random-effects model and explore the reasons for heterogeneity using subgroup analyses. Heterogeneity will be assessed with the Chi-squared test and quantified with the I-squared statistic. Discussion: The findings will be useful to policy makers and programme managers to inform treatment and management of HIV in children and adolescents and to point out research gaps for future research.
Rose questionnaire angina in younger men and women: Gender differences in the relationship to cardiovascular risk factors and other reported symptoms; Cross-sectional data from the Whitehall II study baseline were used to identify factors that may lead to the high levels of Rose angina reporting in women. 134 (4.0%) of 3350 women and 164 (2.4%) of 6830 men reported angina (P < 0.001). Women with Rose angina had a poorer cardiovascular risk profile (degree of obesity, serum cholesterol and apolipoprotein B, blood pressure) and more electrocardiogram abnormalities (ST and T changes) than women without angina, but the associations were generally weaker than in men. Women who reported many other physical symptoms had a high prevalence of Rose angina (9.7%). Adjustment for symptom reporting reduced the age-adjusted gender difference to odds ratio (OR) = 0.93 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.56-1.56) for subjects with no symptoms, and to OR = 1.42 (95% CI = 1.05-1.90) for subjects at the upper quartile of symptom score. Among women a high level of general symptom reporting was associated with General Health Questionnaire (GHQ) minor psychiatric morbidity (51.9% prevalence), but GHQ caseness does not appear to be a predictor of Rose angina (OR 1.22 [0.67-2.21]) in this group. Coronary artery disease risk is raised in women with Rose angina, and this remains true in groups with high levels of general symptom reporting. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Inc.
Risk Factors for Hip Fracture in Older Men: The Osteoporotic Fractures in Men Study (MrOS); Almost 30% of hip fractures occur in men; the mortality, morbidity, and loss of independence after hip fractures are greater in men than in women. To comprehensively evaluate risk factors for hip fracture in older men, we performed a prospective study of 5994 men, primarily white, age 65+ years recruited at six US clinical centers. During a mean of 8.6 years of 97% complete follow-up, 178 men experienced incident hip fractures. Information on risk factors including femoral neck bone mineral density ( FNBMD) was obtained at the baseline visit. Cox proportional hazards models were used to calculate the hazard ratio ( HR) with 95% confidence intervals; Fine and Gray models adjusted for competing mortality risk. Older age (>= 75 years), low FNBMD, currently smoking, greater height and height loss since age 25 years, history of fracture, use of tricyclic antidepressants, history of myocardial infarction or angina, hyperthyroidism or Parkinson's disease, lower protein intake, and lower executive function were all associated with an increased hip fracture risk. Further adjustment for competing mortality attenuated HR for smoking, hyperthyroidism, and Parkinson's disease. The incidence rate of hip fracture per 1000 person-years ( PY) was greatest in men with FNBMD T-scores<-2.5 ( white women reference database) who also had 4+ risk factors, 33.4. Men age >= 80 years with 3+ major comorbidities experienced hip fracture at rates of 14.52 versus 0.88 per 1000 PY in men age <70 years with zero comorbidities. Older men with low FNBMD, multiple risk factors, and multimorbidity have a high risk of hip fracture. Many of these assessments can easily be incorporated into routine clinical practice and may lead to improved risk stratification. (C) 2016 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
Predicting left ventricular remodeling after a first myocardial infarction by plasma proteome analysis; Recent improvements in therapeutic strategies did not prevent left ventricular remodeling (LVR), which remains a common event (30%) after acute myocardial infarction (AM I). We report the use of a systematic approach, based on comparative proteomics, to select circulating biomarkers that may be associated with LVR. We selected 93 patients enrolled in a prospective study. These patients with anterior wall Q-wave AMI underwent echocardiographic follow-up at hospitalization, 3 months and 1 year after AMI. They were divided into three groups (no, low, or high remodeling). Plasma samples of these patients (day 5 of hospitalization) were processed and stored at -80 degrees C within 2 h and analyzed using SELDI-TOF protein chip technology. This systematic approach allowed to select candidate proteins modulated by LVR: post-translational variants of alpha 1-chain of haptoglobin (Hp alpha 1) corresponding to m/z 9493, 9565, and 9623, which were more elevated in remodeling patients. The peak 9493 m/z was shown having a receiving-operating characteristic (ROC) value of 0.71 between non- and remodeling patients. SELDI-TOF approach may lead to the identification of circulating proteins associated with LVR. Whether these candidate proteins will help to identify patients who are at high risk of heart failure after AMI will have to be tested in future studies.
Recent primary prevention implantable cardioverter defibrillator trials; Purpose of the review The aim of this article is to summarize the most relevant findings of recently published trials on prophylactic implantable cardioverter defibrillator therapy. Recent findings A number of important randomized clinical trials on the efficacy of prophylactic implantable cardioverter defibrillator therapy in patients deemed to be at high risk for ventricular tachyarrhythmias have recently reported their results. Patients with chronic ischemic cardiomyopathy, a long history of heart failure, and an ejection fraction of 0.30 or below benefit from preventive device therapy and are thus candidates for prophylactic defibrillator implantation. For this purpose, a single chamber device appears to be appropriate since there have been no prospective studies showing convincing clinical benefit by adding an atrial lead. Prophylactic implantable cardioverter defibrillator therapy should not be used in patients with recent myocardial infarction. There is convincing evidence from one trial that benefit from the defibrillator in coronary patients accrues after a considerable time has elapsed from the most recent infarct, presumably at least 6 months or perhaps longer. Finally, in patients with chronic dilated non-ischemic cardiomyopathy and a left ventricular ejection fraction of 0.35 or below, there is also benefit from prophylactic implantable cardioverter defibrillator therapy. Summary Taken together, these trials allow an evidence-based approach to primary prevention of sudden cardiac death in patients with both ischemic and non-ischemic cardiomyopathy.
The Interdisciplinary Management of Acute Chest Pain; Background: Acute chest pain of non-traumatic origin is a common reason for presentation to physician's offices and emergency rooms. Coronary heart disease is the cause in up to 25% of cases. Because acute chest pain, depending on its etiology, may be associated with a high risk of death, rapid, goal-oriented management is mandatory. Methods: This review is based on pertinent articles and guidelines retrieved by a selective search in PubMed. Results: History-taking, physical examination, and a 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) are the first steps in the differential diagnostic process and generally allow the identification of features signifying a high risk of life-threatening illness. If the ECG reveals ST-segment elevation, cardiac catheterization is indicated. The time-dependent measurement of highly sensitive troponin values is a reliable test for the diagnosis or exclusion of acute myocardial infarction. A wide variety of other potential causes (e.g., vascular, musculoskeletal, gastroenterologic, or psychosomatic) must be identified from the history if they are to be treated appropriately. Elderly patients need special attention. Conclusion: Acute chest pain is a major diagnostic challenge for the physician. Common errors are traceable to non-recognition of important causes and to an inadequate diagnostic work-up. Future studies should be designed to help optimize the interdisciplinary management of patients with chest pain.
Comparative prognostic value of T-wave inversion and ST-segment depression on the admission electrocardiogram in non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes; Background ST-segment depression (STD) is predictive of adverse outcomes in non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes (NSTE-ACS), but there are conflicting data on the incremental prognostic value of T-wave inversions (TWIs) on the admission electrocardiogram. Methods Admission electrocardiograms of 7,343 patients with NSTE-ACS from the Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events (GRACE) and ACS I registry were independently analyzed at a core laboratory and stratified by TWI and STD status. We performed multivariable analyses to determine the independent prognostic significance of TWI and tested for interaction between TWI and STD for adverse outcomes. Results Patients with TWI and/or STD had a higher prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors, higher Killip class, and higher GRACE risk scores. Among the 2,708 patients with available angiographic data, rates of 3-vessel or left main disease were similar between patients with TWI and those without TWI/STD. After adjusting for other established prognosticators, TWI did not independently predict in-hospital (adjusted odds ratio 1.03, 95% CI 0.75-1.42, P = .85) or 6-month mortality (adjusted odds ratio 1.02, 95% CI 0.80-1.30, P = .88); STD remained a strong independent predictor. There was no interaction between TWI and STD for these outcomes. No contiguous lead groups or cumulative number of leads with TWI provided independent prognostic information. Conclusions TWI is associated with other high-risk clinical features but is not an independent predictor of adverse short- and long-term mortality in NSTE-ACS. T-wave inversion does not provide additional prognostication beyond the GRACE risk model, and its concomitant presence does not alter the prognostic value of STD.
Accumulated evidence on fish consumption and coronary heart disease mortality - A meta-analysis of cohort studies; Background-Results from observational studies on fish consumption and coronary heart disease ( CHD) mortality are inconsistent. Methods and Results-A meta-analysis of cohort studies was conducted to examine the association between fish intake and CHD mortality. Studies were included if they provided a relative risk (RR) and corresponding 95% CI for CHD mortality in relation to fish consumption and the frequency of fish intake. A database was developed on the basis of 11 eligible studies and 13 cohorts, including 222 364 individuals with an average 11.8 years of follow-up. Pooled RR and 95% CI for CHD mortality were calculated by using both fixed-effect and random-effect models. A linear regression analysis of the log RR weighted by the inverse of variance was performed to assess the possible dose-response relation. Compared with those who never consumed fish or ate fish less than once per month, individuals with a higher intake of fish had lower CHD mortality. The pooled multivariate RRs for CHD mortality were 0.89 ( 95% CI, 0.79 to 1.01) for fish intake 1 to 3 times per month, 0.85 ( 95% CI, 0.76 to 0.96) for once per week, 0.77 ( 95% CI, 0.66 to 0.89) for 2 to 4 times per week, and 0.62 ( 95% CI, 0.46 to 0.82) for 5 or more times per week. Each 20-g/d increase in fish intake was related to a 7% lower risk of CHD mortality ( P for trend = 0.03). Conclusions-These results indicate that fish consumption is inversely associated with fatal CHD. Mortality from CHD may be reduced by eating fish once per week or more.
CARDIOVASCULAR AND ALCOHOL-RELATED DEATHS IN ABNORMAL GLUCOSE TOLERANT AND DIABETIC SUBJECTS; The aim of this study was to compare the causes of death and parameters related to alcohol consumption, between subjects diagnosed as diabetic, clinically by their general practitioner, or glucose intolerant and in particular as diabetic, using the epidemiological criteria of an abnormal glucose level following an oral glucose tolerance test. The subjects in this study were 7035 working men, aged between 44 and 55 years, who attended the first follow-up examination of the Paris Prospective Study, between 1968 and 1973. They were classified as 'clinically diagnosed diabetic' or, following an oral glucose tolerance test and the World Health Organisation criteria, as having 'oral glucose tolerance test diagnosed diabetes', impaired glucose tolerance or normoglycaemia. The relative risk of death by cirrhosis, in comparison with the normoglycaemic group, was 21 (95% confidence interval: 9.1-49) in the group diagnosed diabetic by the oral glucose tolerance test, significantly different (p < 0.02) from the group diagnosed diabetic clinically 3.1 (0.41-24); factors indicative of excessive alcohol consumption at baseline differed accordingly. In contrast, the relative risks for death by coronary heart disease were similar, 2.1 (1.0-4.1) and 2.7 (1.4-5.4) respectively; all of the factors defining the insulin resistance 'Syndrome X' (hyperglycaemia, hyperinsulinaemia, hypertension, hyperlipidaemia and also central obesity) and predictive of coronary heart disease were elevated in both groups of diabetic subjects. 'Diabetes', as diagnosed by the oral glucose tolerance test, might be the consequence of excessive alcohol consumption which could lead to insulin resistance, then to coronary heart disease, as well as to alcohol-related diseases.
Medical records and quality of care in acute coronary syndromes - Results from CRUSADE; Background: Patient medical records are important means of communication among health care providers. Limited evaluation has been performed of the quality of the medical records or its association with health care processes or outcomes. Methods: We performed an empirical evaluation of the completeness of medical records from 607 randomly selected patients admitted with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes (NSTE ACS) to 219 US hospitals in the CRUSADE National Quality Improvement Initiative. Composite medical records scores were summated and compared by hospital academic status and physician specialty. Correlations between medical records scores, use of evidence-based medicine (EBM), and in-hospital mortality were assessed. Results: Medical records were frequently missing key elements, including cardiac history (23.6%), performance status (64.6%), differential diagnosis (57.8%), and planned use of EBM (44.0%). Evidence-based medicine was more often discussed in medical records from academic medical centers vs nonacademic medical centers (69.7% vs 51.7%) (P<.001) and from cardiologists vs noncardiologists (60.5% vs 48.1%, P=.003). Higher medical records quality scores were associated with greater use of EBM among the medical records quality cohort (P = .006), and a similar trend was observed in CRUSADE overall: adjusted odds ratio, 1.26 (95% confidence interval, 0.92-1.72) for high vs low medical records quality. Higher medical records quality scores were associated with lower in-hospital mortality: adjusted odds ratio, 0.79 (95% confidence interval, 0.65-0.97). Conclusions: Medical records for patients with NSTE ACS often lack key elements of the history and physical examination. Patients treated at hospitals with better medical records quality have significantly lower mortality and may receive more EBM. The relationship between better medical charting and better medical care could lead to new ways to monitor and improve the quality of medical care.
CONGESTIVE-HEART-FAILURE AFTER SURGICAL-CORRECTION OF MITRAL REGURGITATION - A LONG-TERM STUDY; Background In patients with mitral regurgitation, surgical intervention produces immediate improvement in symptoms, but the long-term incidence and significance of postoperative congestive heart failure are unknown. Methods and Results The long-term outcome of 576 operative survivors of surgical correction of pure mitral regurgitation performed between 1980 and 1989 was analyzed. Survival was 77+/-2% and 56+/-3% at 5 and 10 years, respectively Cumulative incidence of congestive heart failure was 23+/-2%, 33+/-3%, and 37+/-3% at 5, 10; and 14 years, respectively; Survival after the first episode of congestive heart failure was dismal, 44+/-4% at 5 years. Cause of congestive heart failure was left ventricular dysfunction in two thirds of the patients and valvular dysfunction in the other third With multivariate analysis, the independent predictors of postoperative heart failure were preoperative ejection fraction (P=.001), coronary artery disease (P=.0017), and New York Heart Association functional class (P=.012), with borderline value for atrial fibrillation (P=.10). The performance of valve repair was independently predictive of a lower incidence of the combined end point of death and heart failure (P=.001), compared with valve replacement. Conclusions Congestive heart failure frequently occurs late after surgical correction of mitral regurgitation and portends dismal prognosis. This complication is due most often to left ventricular dysfunction; its main determinant is decreased left ventricular function preoperatively. These data should lead to earlier indication of surgical correction of mitral regurgitation, before left ventricular dysfunction occurs.
Resting 12-lead electrocardiogram reveals high-risk sources of cardioembolism in young adult ischemic stroke; Background: The diagnostic work-up to reveal etiology in a young ischemic stroke (IS) patient includes evaluation for high-risk source of cardioembolism (HRCE), since this subtype associates with high early recurrence rate and mortality. We investigated the association of ECG findings with a final etiologic subgroup of HRCE in a cohort of young patients with first-ever IS. Methods: The Helsinki Young Stroke Registry includes IS patients aged 15 to 49 years admitted between 1994 and 2007. Blinded to other clinical data, we analyzed a 12-lead resting ECG obtained 1-14 days after the onset of stroke symptoms in 690 patients. We then compared the ECG findings between a final diagnosis of HRCE (n = 78) and other/undetermined causes (n = 612). We used multivariate logistic regression to study the association between ECG parameters and HRCE. Results: Of our cohort (63% male), 35% showed ECG abnormality, the most common being T-wave inversion (16%), left ventricular hypertrophy (14%), prolonged P-wave (13%), and prolonged QTc (12%). 3% had atrial fibrillation (AF), and 4% P-terminal force (PTF). Of the continuous parameters, longer QRS-duration, QTc, and wider QRS-T-angle independently associated with HRCE. After AF, PTF had the strongest independent association with HRCE (odds ratio = 44.32, 95% confidence interval = [10.51-186.83]), followed by a QRS-T angle > 110 degrees (8.29 [3.55-19.32]), T-wave inversion (5.06, 2.54-10.05), and prolonged QTc (3.02 [1.39-6.56]). Conclusion: Routine ECG provides useful information for directing the work-up of a young IS patient. In addition to AF, PTF in particular showed a strong association with etiology of HRCE. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Nondifferential disease misclassification may bias incidence risk ratios away from the null; Background and Objective: When estimating incidence risk ratios in follow-up studies, subjects testing positive for the disease at baseline are excluded. Although the effect of disease misclassification on estimated incidence risk ratios has otherwise been extensively explored, the effect of disease misclassification at baseline has not previously been analyzed. Study Design and Setting: The design was theoretical calculations assuming dichotomous disease and a follow-up study with a baseline and a follow-up examination, analyzed using cumulative incidence. Calculations consider nondifferential misclassification of disease mainly at baseline, but no misclassification of exposure. Results: Nondifferential misclassification of disease at baseline can lead to bias either away or toward null in estimated cumulative incidence risk ratios. This bias is mainly a function of sensitivity at baseline, because imperfect sensitivity leads to failure to exclude all diseased subjects from the follow-up. Imperfect specificity at baseline has less effect. Bias is increased with high true prevalence of disease and low true incidence. Bias is also increased with large differences in true risk ratios at baseline and at follow-up, because observed incidence risk ratios in the presence of misclassification reflect both the true association at baseline and at follow-up. Conclusion: Nondifferential disease misclassification at baseline examination of a follow-up study can lead to over- or underestimation of the cumulative incidence risk ratios. The bias can be substantial for disease with low incidence and high prevalence, such as asthma or myocardial infarction. The results underscore the need to select a highly sensitive test for disease at baseline to exclude all diseased subjects from the follow-up. (C) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Medical assessments and measurements in ELSA-Brasil; The article describes assessments and measurements performed in the Brazilian Longitudinal Study for Adult Health (ELSA-Brasil). Some assessments including anthropometric assessment, casual blood pressure measurement, and ankle-brachial index have an established clinical application while others including pulse wave velocity, heart rate variability, and carotid intima-media thickness have no established application and do not have reference values for healthy Brazilian population but may be important predictors of cardiovascular outcomes. Blood pressure measurement following postural change maneuver was included in the ELSA-Brasil because it has not been much tested in epidemiological studies. Innovative approaches were developed for assessing the ankle-brachial index using an automatic device instead of the mercury column to measure blood pressure and for assessing the anterior-posterior diameter of the right lobe of the liver by ultrasound for quantitative assessment of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. All ELSA-Brasil subjects were younger (35 years or more) than those included in other cohorts studying subclinical atherosclerosis. The inclusion of younger individuals and a variety of assessments make the ELSA-Brasil a relevant epidemiology study nationwide and worldwide.
Preoperative plasma brain natriuretic peptide level is an independent predictor of postoperative atrial fibrillation following off-pump coronary artery bypass surgery; Atrial fibrillation (AF) is a frequent complication after coronary artery bypass surgery. Postoperative AF can lead to thromboembolic events, prolonged hospital stay, and increased costs. Recent reports have shown that an elevated plasma brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) level is associated with AF. The purpose of this prospective study was to test the hypothesis that preoperative BNP level is a predictor of postoperative AF following off-pump coronary artery bypass surgery (OPCAB). One hundred and fifty patients without a history of AF undergoing elective isolated OPCAB were enrolled. Plasma BNP level was measured preoperatively. Heart rate and rhythm were continuously monitored during the first 72 h after surgery. Twenty-six patients (17.3%) exhibited postoperative AF. This proportion is similar to those reported in earlier studies. Univariate analysis demonstrated that age (odds ratio [OR], 1.060; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.008 to 1.114; P = 0.023), previous myocardial infarction (MI; OR, 2.628; 95% CI, 1.031 to 6.697; P = 0.043), and BNP level (OR, 7.336; 95% CI, 2.401 to 22.409 / log BNP level; P < 0.001) were accurate predictors of postoperative AF. Stepwise multivariate regression analysis indicated age (OR, 1.059; 95% CI, 1.002 to 1.120; P = 0.043) and BNP level (OR, 6.272; 95% CI, 1.980 to 19.861/log BNP level; P = 0.002) as the only independent predictors of postoperative AF. Preoperative BNP level is an independent predictor of postoperative AF following OPCAB. Our findings permit us to stratify the risk of AF and to plan prophylactic strategies in high-risk patients.
Cluster-randomized trial to evaluate the effects of a quality improvement program on management of non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndromes: The European Quality Improvement Programme for Acute Coronary Syndromes (EQUIP-ACS); Background Registries have shown that quality of care for acute coronary syndromes (ACS) often falls below the standards recommended in professional guidelines. Quality improvement (QI) is a strategy to improve standards of clinical care for patients, but the efficacy of QI for ACS has not been tested in randomized trials. Methods We undertook a prospective, cluster-randomized, multicenter, multinational study to evaluate the efficacy of a QI program for ACS. Participating centers collected data on consecutive admissions for non-ST-elevation ACS for 4 months before the QI intervention and 3 months after. Thirty-eight hospitals in France, Italy, Poland, Spain, and the United Kingdom were randomized to receive the QI program or not, 19 in each group. We measured 8 in-hospital quality indicators (risk stratification, coronary angiography, anticoagulation, beta-blockers, statins, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, and clopidogrel loading and maintenance) before and after the intervention and compared composite changes between the QI and non-QI groups. Results A total of 2604 patients were enrolled. The absolute overall change in use of quality indicators in the QI group was 8.5% compared with 0.8% in the non-QI group (odds ratio for achieving a quality indicator in QI versus non-QI 1.66, 95% CI 1.43-1.94; P < .001). The main changes were observed in the use of risk stratification and clopidogrel loading dose. Conclusions The QI strategy resulted in a significant improvement in the quality indicators measured. This type of QI intervention can lead to useful changes in health care practice for ACS in a wide range of settings. (Am Heart J 2011;162:700-707.e1.)
High-Dose Simvastatin for Aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage Multicenter Randomized Controlled Double-Blinded Clinical Trial; Background and Purpose-Experimental evidence has indicated the benefits of simvastatin for the treatment of subarachnoid hemorrhage. Two randomized placebo-controlled pilot trials that used the highest clinically approved dose of simvastatin (80 mg daily) gave positive results despite the fact that a lower dose of simvastatin (40 mg daily) did not improve clinical outcomes. We hypothesized that a high dose of 80 mg of simvastatin daily for 3 weeks would reduce the incidence of delayed ischemic deficits after subarachnoid hemorrhage compared with a lower dose (40 mg of simvastatin daily) and lead to improved clinical outcomes. Methods-The study design was a randomized controlled double-blinded clinical trial. Patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage (presenting within 96 hours of the ictus) from 6 neurosurgical centers were recruited for 3 years. The primary outcome measure was the presence of delayed ischemic deficits, and secondary outcome measures included a modified Rankin disability score at 3 months and an analysis of cost-effectiveness. Results-No difference was observed between the groups treated with the higher dose or the lower dose of simvastatin in the incidence of delayed ischemic deficits (27% versus 24%; odds ratio, 1.2; 95% confidence interval, 0.7-2.0; P=0.586) or in the rate of favorable outcomes (modified Rankin Scale score, 0-2) at 3 months (73% versus 72%; odds ratio, 1.1; 95% confidence interval, 0.6-1.9; P=0.770). Conclusions-High-dose simvastatin treatment should not be prescribed routinely for aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
ROLE OF BACTERIAL INFECTION IN STROKE; BACKGROUND OF THE STUDY: Ischemic stroke is a common condition in clinical practice. There are various risk factors causing ischemic stroke. The risk factors can be modifiable or non-modifiable of them Diabetes, hypertension, smoking, dyslipidemia etc. are established risk factors. Acute and chronic infections are known to accelerate large vessel disease and can lead to atherothrombotic or embolic episodes resulting in ischemic strokes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The present study was conducted in the Department of Medicine, Victoria Hospital and Bowring and Lady Curzon Hospital, Bangalore Medical College, Bangalore. A total of 81 patients were studied. 41 were in study and 40 in control group. The study period was from October 2011 to September 2013. Statistical analysis for the association between infection and stroke was done using Chi square test/Fischer exact test and Odds ratio was calculated. A 'p' value <0.05 was taken as significant. RESULTS: The prevalence of ischemic stroke in our study showed that 14.6% patients were below 40 years (Young stroke) and 85.4% patients were between 41-80 years. Infection was seen in 22.2% of the patients with in 40 years and 77.8% were above 40 years. In the 40-60 year age group, 55.5% of the patients had infection and 22.2% in the elderly (60-80yrs) age group. In the control group, 5% of the patients had infection and all were within 40 yrs. CONCLUSION: Acute bacterial infections may contribute to be an independent risk factor the occurrence of ischemic stroke along with other established risk factors. Respiratory tract infection, especially with gram-positive cocci, is more commonly associated with large vessel stroke in anterior circulation.
Cadmium exposure, intercellular adhesion molecule-1 and peripheral artery disease: a cohort and an experimental study; Objectives: Cadmium exposure has been found to be associated with atherosclerotic plaques in the carotid arteries and with circulating levels of the proatherogenic intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1). The research questions were (1) if blood and urinary cadmium levels are associated with low ankle-brachial index (ABI) as a measure of peripheral artery disease in a longitudinal study and (2) if ICAM-1 mediates proatherogenic effects of cadmium exposure. Design: A prospective, observational cohort study with a 5-year follow-up and an experimental study of cultured human aortic endothelial cells exposed to cadmium. Setting: Research unit at a university hospital. Participants: A cohort of 64-year-old women (n=489) recruited by stratified sampling of similarly sized groups with normal, impaired and diabetic glucose tolerance as assessed in a population-based screening examination. Primary and secondary outcome measures: ABI (ratio of the systolic blood pressures in the tibial and brachial arteries <= 0.9 in any artery) in relation to cadmium exposure; ICAM-1 concentrations in the cell culture medium after cadmium incubation. Results: High (tertile 3 vs 1) concentrations of blood (B-Cd) or creatine-adjusted urinary cadmium (U-Cd) at baseline were found to predict low ABI after adjustment for smoking and other cardiovascular risk factors at baseline. For U-Cd the OR was 2.5 (95% CI 1.1 to 5.8). After exclusion of participants with ultrasound-assessed femoral atherosclerosis at baseline the OR for U-Cd was unchanged, and for B-Cd it was 3.7 (95% CI 1.05 to 13.3). Inclusion of serum ICAM-1 levels did not affect the cadmium-related ORs in multivariate analyses. The experimental study did not show any cadmium-induced increase of the production of ICAM-1 from human endothelial cells. Conclusions: Cadmium exposure was associated with future peripheral artery disease, supporting the concept that cadmium exposure in the population has proatherogenic effects, although ICAM-1 mediated effects do not seem to be involved.
Transforming growth factor-1 869T/C, but not interleukin-6 174G/C, polymorphism associates with hypertension in rheumatoid arthritis; Objectives. Part of the deleterious effects of systemic inflammation on the cardiovascular system of patients with RA may be exerted via increased propensity to hypertension. IL-6 and TGF-1 are important regulators of the inflammatory response. In some, but not all, studies, IL6 174G/C (rs1800795) and TGFB1 869T/C (rs1982073) gene polymorphisms have been associated with hypertension in the general population. The present study addressed their potential association with hypertension in RA patients. Methods. TGFB1 869T/C and IL6 174G/C were identified in 400 RA patients and 422 local, non-RA controls using real-time PCR and melting curve analysis. Binary logistic and linear regression models were used to identify the independence of the effects of the polymorphisms on hypertension. Results. Genotypic and allelic frequencies of the two polymorphisms were similar in RA and controls. Within the RA group, there was no significant association between IL6 174G/C and hypertension, but TGF 869T-allele carriers had significantly increased prevalence of hypertension compared with CC homozygotes (70.2 vs 55.2; P 0.023). This association remained significant after adjustment for other hypertension risk factors and medication (odds ratio 1.96; 95 CI 1.02, 3.77; P 0.044), and was more pronounced in patients with increased systemic inflammation. Conclusions. This study suggests an association of TGFB1 869T/C, but not of IL6 174G/C, with hypertension in RA patients. If this finding is confirmed in prospective studies, this polymorphism could be used as a screening tool for RA patients with higher risk of developing hypertension and lead to increased surveillance and earlier treatment.
Evaluation of P wave signal-averaged electrocardiographic filtering and analysis methods; The purpose of this study was to evaluate the signal processing and analysis methods currently in use for the P wave signal-averaged electrocardiogram and to define optimal parameters for its use. P wave signal-averaged electrocardiograms using the QRS as a trigger for alignment of the analysis window were obtained in 15 subjects with prior atrial fibrillation and 15 controls. Five methods of signal filtering (unidirectional, bidirectional, Finite impulse response, least squares fit, and spectral fast-fourier transform) and three filter frequencies (14, 29, and 60 Hz) were compared with logistic regression analysis. Analysis techniques, including P wave vector duration, individual orthogonal lead duration, and terminal root mean square voltage were also evaluated for the strength of their association with the occurrence of atrial fibrillation. The least-squares fit filter with bandwidth filtering of 29 to 250 Hz produced the strongest association with atrial fibrillation (odds ratio 26). A high correlation (r > 0.92) was noted among the individual orthogonal leads; however, neither individual leads nor total atrial activation determined from individual leads demonstrated a superior association with atrial fibrillation when compared with total vector P wave duration. Terminal P wove RMS voltages were not significantly different between patients with prior AF and controls.
<i>COL4A2</i> is associated with lacunar ischemic stroke and deep ICH Meta-analyses among 21,500 cases and 40,600 controls; Objective: To determine whether common variants in familial cerebral small vessel disease (SVD) genes confer risk of sporadic cerebral SVD. Methods: We meta-analyzed genotype data from individuals of European ancestry to determine associations of common single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in 6 familial cerebral SVD genes (COL4A1, COL4A2, NOTCH3, HTRA1, TREX1, and CECR1) with intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) (deep, lobar, all; 1,878 cases, 2,830 controls) and ischemic stroke (IS) (lacunar, cardioembolic, large vessel disease, all; 19,569 cases, 37,853 controls). We applied data quality filters and set statistical significance thresholds accounting for linkage disequilibrium and multiple testing. Results: A locus in COL4A2 was associated (significance threshold p < 3.5 x 10(-4)) with both lacunar IS (lead SNP rs9515201: odds ratio [OR] 1.17, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.11-1.24, p = 6.62 x 10(-8)) and deep ICH (lead SNP rs4771674: OR 1.28, 95% CI 1.13-1.44, p = 5.76 x 10(-5)). A SNP in HTRA1 was associated (significance threshold p < 5.5 x 10(-4)) with lacunar IS (rs79043147: OR 1.23, 95% CI 1.10-1.37, p = 1.90 x 10(-4)) and less robustly with deep ICH. There was no clear evidence for association of common variants in either COL4A2 or HTRA1 with non-SVD strokes or in any of the other genes with any stroke phenotype. Conclusions: These results provide evidence of shared genetic determinants and suggest common pathophysiologic mechanisms of distinct ischemic and hemorrhagic cerebral SVD stroke phenotypes, offering new insights into the causal mechanisms of cerebral SVD.
Inflammation and infections as risk factors for ischemic stroke; Background-Inflammatory processes have fundamental roles in stroke in both the etiology of ischemic cerebrovascular disease and the pathophysiology of cerebral ischemia. We summarize clinical data on infection and inflammation as risk or trigger factors for human stroke and investigate current evidence for the hypothesis of a functional interrelation between traditional risk factors, genetic predisposition, and infection/inflammation in stroke pathogenesis. Summary of Review-Several traditional vascular risk factors are associated with proinflammatory alterations, including leukocyte activation, and predispose cerebral vasculature to thrombogenesis on inflammatory stimulation. Furthermore, accumulation of inflammatory cells, mainly monocytes/macrophages, within the vascular wall starts early during atherogenesis. During later disease stages, their activation can lead to plaque rupture and thrombus formation, increasing stroke risk. Inflammatory markers (eg, leukocytes, fibrinogen, C-reactive protein) are independent predictors of ischemic stroke. Chronic infections (eg, infection with Chlamydia pneumoniae or Helicobacter pylori) were found to increase the risk of stroke; however, study results are at variance, residual confounding is not excluded, and causality is not established at present. In case-control studies, acute infection within the preceding week was a trigger factor for ischemic stroke. Acute and exacerbating chronic infection may act by activating coagulation and chronic infections and may contribute to atherogenesis. Genetic predisposition of the inflammatory host response may be an important codeterminant for atherogenesis and stroke risk. Conclusions-Inflammation contributes to stroke risk via various interrelated mechanisms. Infectious diseases, traditional risk factors, and genetic susceptibility may cooperate in stimulating inflammatory pathways. Final proof of a causal role of infectious/inflammatory mechanisms in stroke pathogenesis is still lacking and will require interventional studies.
Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm Is Associated with a Variant in Low-Density Lipoprotein Receptor-Related Protein 1; Abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA) is a common cause of morbidity and mortality and has a significant heritability. We carried out a genome-wide association discovery study of 1866 patients with AAA and 5435 controls and replication of promising signals (lead SNP with a p value < 1 x 10(-5)) in 2871 additional cases and 32,687 controls and performed further follow-up in 1491 AAA and 11,060 controls. In the discovery study, nine loci demonstrated association with AAA (p < 1 x 10(-5)). In the replication sample, the lead SNP at one of these loci, rs1466535, located within intron 1 of low-density-lipoprotein receptor-related protein 1 (LRP1) demonstrated significant association (p = 0.0042). We confirmed the association of rs1466535 and AAA in our follow-up study (p = 0.035). In a combined analysis (6228 AAA and 49182 controls), rs1466535 had a consistent effect size and direction in all sample sets (combined p = 4.52 x 10(-10), odds ratio 1.15 [1.10-1.21]). No associations were seen for either rs1466535 or the 12q13.3 locus in independent association studies of coronary artery disease, blood pressure, diabetes, or hyperlipidaemia, suggesting that this locus is specific to AAA. Gene-expression studies demonstrated a trend toward increased LRP1 expression for the rs1466535 CC genotype in arterial tissues; there was a significant (p = 0.029) 1.19-fold (1.04-1.36) increase in LRP1 expression in CC homozygotes compared to TT homozygotes in aortic adventitia. Functional studies demonstrated that rs1466535 might alter a SREBP-1 binding site and influence enhancer activity at the locus. In conclusion, this study has identified a biologically plausible genetic variant associated specifically with AAA, and we suggest that this variant has a possible functional role in LRP1 expression.
Alcohol consumption and risk of coronary heart disease among Chinese men; Background: Observational studies suggest that moderate alcohol consumption may lower risk of myocardial infarction (MI) and coronary heart disease (CHD); yet, evidence for this comes almost entirely from Western populations. Methods: We conducted a prospective cohort study in 64,597 Chinese men aged >= 40 years who were free of clinical CHD at baseline examination. Data on frequency and type of alcohol consumed were collected at the baseline examination in 1991 using a standard protocol. Follow-up evaluation was conducted in 1999-2000, with a response rate of 94%. Results: Over 494,084 person-years of follow-up, we documented 725 (361 fatal) incident MI and 976 (588 fatal) incident CHD events. After stratification by province to account for multi-stage sampling design and adjustment for age, education, physical activity, cigarette smoking, body mass index, systolic blood pressure, urbanization ( urban vs. rural), geographic variation (north vs. south) and history of diabetes, relative risk (95% confidence interval) of MI was 0.93 (0.70-1.24) for participants consuming 1 to 6 drinks/week, 0.66 (0.54-0.82) for those consuming 7 to 34 drinks/ week, and 0.58 (0.41-0.81) for those consuming = 35 drinks/ week ( p for linear trend <0.0001) compared to nondrinkers. The corresponding relative risks for CHD events were 0.99 (0.77-1.27), 0.67 (0.56-0.81), and 0.58 (0.44-0.78), respectively ( p for linear trend <0.0001). Conclusion: Alcohol consumption may be related to lower risk of MI and CHD in middle-aged and older Chinese men. However, heavy alcohol consumption may lead to increased mortality from other causes; therefore, the implications of these findings should be interpreted cautiously. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Prevalence of coronary heart disease in Kin-Chen, Kinmen; We estimated the prevalence of coronary heart disease (CHD) by the Minnesota code of a 12-lead resting electrocardiogram, Rose chest pain questionnaire and self-reported previous medical history in Kin-Chen, Kinmen (Quemoy), an island under military control for 40 years and the focal point of confrontation between mainland China and Taiwan. Among the target population of 6346 who accounted for all residents aged over 30, 3826 (60.3%) responded with complete data. The prevalence of probable CHD (Minnesota code 1.1-1.2) was 4.1% (71/1732) in men and 4.0% (84/2094) in women, whereas the prevalence of possible CHD (Minnesota code 1.3, 4.1-4.3, 5.1-5.3 and 7.1.1) was significantly higher in women (21.4%) than in men (11.6%). When compared to Chinese populations elsewhere, the increased overall prevalence may suggest a link to long-term stress conditions under military control. We also found the abnormal ECG was associated with many risk factors of CHD, particularly in women. The prevalence of Rose angina and self-reported angina or myocardial infarction was, however, low and associated poorly with any cardiovascular risk factors. Long-term follow-up studies are needed to determine the predictive value of these electrocardiographic abnormalities for cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality in this population.
Starting early to control all risk factors in order to prevent coronary heart disease; Elevated blood cholesterol level was the first major contributor to atherosclerosis to have its clinical manifestations established by controlled clinical trials. More specific lipid conditions (high LDL-C and low HDL-C) and nonlipid conditions (hypertension, smoking, obesity and diabetes mellitus) have also been established by clinical trials or extensive observational studies as contributors to atherosclerosis and its sequelae. Programs directed at adults to control these conditions, known as risk factors, have reduced the incidence of clinical disease. However, both autopsy and cohort studies have demonstrated that atherosclerosis begins in childhood, and its progression to clinically significant lesions is associated with all the risk factors, lipid and nonlipid, during the teenage and young adult years. Advanced plaques, vulnerable. to changes that lead to rupture and thrombosis, are present in the coronary arteries of some individuals by the age 40 years. These observations indicate that risk-factor prevention should begin in childhood. Furthermore, all risk factors are important and no risk factor can be safely ignored, regardless of the presence or absence of other risk factors. Promoting lifestyles in childhood that prevent all the risk factors offers the best long range prevention strategy for adult atherosclerotic disease.
Do-not-resuscitate orders, quality of care, and outcomes in veterans with acute ischemic stroke; Objective: There is concern that do-not-resuscitate (DNR) orders may lead to stroke patients receiving less aggressive treatment and poorer care. Our objectives were to assess the relationship between DNR orders and quality of stroke care among veterans. Methods: A cohort of 3,965 acute ischemic stroke patients admitted to 131 Veterans Health Administration (VHA) facilities in fiscal year 2007 underwent chart abstraction. DNR codes were identified through electronic orders or by documentation of "no code," "no cardiopulmonary resuscitation," or "no resuscitation." Quality of care was measured using 14 inpatient ischemic stroke quality indicators. The association between DNR orders and quality indicators was examined using multivariable logistic regression. Results: Among 3,965 ischemic stroke patients, 535 (13.5%) had DNR code status, 71% of whom had orders first documented within 1 day of admission. Overall, 4.9% of patients died in-hospital or were discharged to hospice; these outcomes were substantially higher in patients with DNR orders (29.7%), particularly if they were not documented until >= 2 days after admission (47.1%). Patients with DNR orders were significantly older, had more comorbidities, and had greater stroke severity. Following adjustment there were few significant associations between DNR status and the 14 quality indicators, with the exception of lower odds of early ambulation (odds ratio = 0.58, 95% confidence interval = 0.41-0.81) in DNR patients. Conclusions: DNR orders were associated with limited differences in the select quality indicators investigated, which suggests that DNR orders did not impact quality of care. However, whether DNR orders influence treatment decisions that more directly affect survival remains to be determined. Neurology (R) 2012;79:1990-1996
Relationship of admission QRS duration and changes in QRS duration with myocardial reperfusion in patients with acute ST segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) treated with fibrinolytic therapy; Background Although ischemia induced QRS complex changes have been described previously, their relationship with impaired reperfusion, which is known to be associated with poor clinical outcomes, is not clear. Methods and Results To investigate the relationship of QRS duration changes with myocardial reperfusion, we studied 165 acute myocardial infarction (MI) patients who were administered fibrinolytic therapy for reperfusion. For each patient, 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) with a paper speed of 50mm/s was recorded on admission and repeated at the 60(th) and 90(th) min following fibrinolytic therapy. Based on the myocardial blush grades obtained from a control coronary angiography, patients were divided into reperfusion (grades 2, 3) and impaired reperfusion (grades 0, 1) groups. We detected impaired reperfusion in 74 patients. The patients in the impaired reperfusion group were older, more often diabetic, and had longer pain-to-needle intervals. They also had significantly longer QRS durations at admission compared to reperfusion group patients (91 +/- 11 vs 79 +/- 11ms, p<0.001). Reperfusion group patients showed significantly greater resolution in QRS duration at the 90(th) min post fibrinolysis ECG (18 +/- 5 vs 5 +/- 4ms, p<0.001). In regression analysis, the pain-to-needle time (odds ratio (OR): 0.55, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.35-0.88, p=0.012), QRS duration on admission (OR: 0.80, 95% CI 0.67-0.97, p=0.021), and change in QRS duration at the post fibrinolysis 90(th) min ECG (OR: 2.43, 95%CI, 1.29-4.60, p=0.006) were determined as independent predictors of adequate reperfusion. Conclusion The present study, for the first time, has shown that admission QRS duration and post fibrinolysis 90(th) min QRS duration changes are related to tissue reperfusion in fibrinolytic administered acute MI patients.
Impact of on-site cardiac catheterization on resource utilization and fatal and non-fatal outcomes after acute myocardial infarction; Background: Patterns of care for acute myocardial infarction ( AMI) strongly depend on the availability of on-site cardiac catheterization facilities. Although the management found at hospitals without on-site catheterization does not lead to increased mortality, little it known about its impact on resource utilization and non-fatal outcomes. Methods: We identified all patients (n = 35,289) admitted with a first AMI in the province of Quebec between January 1, 1996 and March 31, 1999 using population-based administrative databases. Medical resource utilization and non-fatal and fatal outcomes were compared among patients admitted to hospitals with and without on-site cardiac catheterization facilities. Results: Cardiac catheterization and PCI were more frequently performed among patients admitted to hospitals with catheterization facilities. However, non-invasive procedures were not used more frequently at hospitals without catheterization facilities. To the contrary, echocardiography [ odds ratio ( OR), 2.04; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.93 - 2.16] and multi-gated acquisition imaging ( OR, 1.24; 95% CI, 1.17 - 1.32) were used more frequently at hospitals with catheterization, and exercise treadmill testing ( OR, 1.02; 95% CI, 0.91 - 1.15) and Sestamibi/ Thallium imaging ( OR, 0.93; 95% CI, 0.88 - 0.98) were used similarly at hospitals with and without catheterization. Use of anti-ischemic medications and frequency of emergency room and physician visits, were similar at both types of institutions. Readmission rates for AMI-related cardiac complications and mortality were also similar [ adjusted hazard ratio, recurrent AMI: 1.02, 95% CI, 0.89-1.16; congestive heart failure: 1.02; 95% CI, 0.90 - 1.15; unstable angina: 0.93; 95% CI, 0.85 1.02; mortality: 0.99; 95% CI, 0.93 - 1.05)]. Conclusion: Although on-site availability of cardiac catheterization facilities is associated with greater use of invasive cardiac procedures, non-availability of catheterization did not translate into a higher use of non-invasive tests or have an impact on the fatal and non-fatal outcomes available for study in our administrative database.
Clinical Management Provided by Board-Certificated Physiatrists in Early Rehabilitation Is a Significant Determinant of Functional Improvement in Acute Stroke Patients: A Retrospective Analysis of Japan Rehabilitation Database; Background: Early rehabilitation for acute stroke patients is widely recommended. We tested the hypothesis that clinical outcome of stroke patients who receive early rehabilitation managed by board-certificated physiatrists (BCP) is generally better than that provided by other medical specialties. Methods: Data of stroke patients who underwent early rehabilitation in 19 acute hospitals between January 2005 and December 2013 were collected from the Japan Rehabilitation Database and analyzed retrospectively. Multivariate linear regression analysis using generalized estimating equations method was performed to assess the association between Functional Independence Measure (FIM) effectiveness and management provided by BCP in early rehabilitation. In addition, multivariate logistic regression analysis was also performed to assess the impact of management provided by BCP in acute phase on discharge destination. Results: After setting the inclusion criteria, data of 3838 stroke patients were eligible for analysis. BCP provided early rehabilitation in 814 patients (21.2%). Both the duration of daily exercise time and the frequency of regular conferencing were significantly higher for patients managed by BCP than by other specialties. Although the mortality rate was not different, multivariate regression analysis showed that FIM effectiveness correlated significantly and positively with the management provided by BCP (coefficient, .35; 95% confidence interval [CI], .012-.059; P<.005). In addition, multivariate logistic analysis identified clinical management by BCP as a significant determinant of home discharge (odds ratio, 1.24; 95% CI, 1.08-1.44; P<.005). Conclusions: Our retrospective cohort study demonstrated that clinical management provided by BCP in early rehabilitation can lead to functional recovery of acute stroke.
Predictors of complicated athero-thrombotic lesions in non-ST segment acute coronary syndrome; Aims Non-ST segment elevation acute coronary syndrome (NSTE-ACS) is a heterogeneous syndrome in terms of patho-physiological mechanisms and prognosis. We sought to investigate the clinical features associated with complicated athero-thrombotic (CAT) coronary lesions and their prognostic relevance in NSTE-ACS. Methods We enrolled 701 consecutive NSTE-ACS patients without previous coronary bypass undergoing coronary angiography. The study population was divided into two groups according to the presence/absence of angiographic signs of endoluminal thrombi and/or plaque rupture, defined as CAT lesions. Multivariable analyses were used to identify predictors of CAT lesions. Their relation to composite endpoint of death, re-myocardial infarction, and re-unstable angina was investigated with the use of multivariable logistic regression. Results Patients with CAT lesions (n = 279, 40%) had a higher incidence of the combined endpoint (11.5 vs. 4.3%; P < 0.001). On multivariable analysis male sex [odds ratio (OR) 1.64, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.17-2.30, P = 0.004], previous percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) (OR 0.48, 95% CI 0.32-0.72, P<0.001), severe angina (OR 1.72, 95% CI 1.18-2.52, P = 0.005) and anterior (i.e. V1-V4) ST segment depression (STD) were independently associated with CAT lesions (OR 1.71, 95% CI 1.14-2.57, P = 0.01). After adjustment for the Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events (GRACE) score only the presence of anterior STD emerged as an independent predictor of the clinical endpoint (OR 2.68, 95% CI 1.38-5.20, P = 0.003). The incorporation of anterior STD into the GRACE risk score showed an important trend toward improving prediction of endpoint as assessed by c-statistic (0.72 vs. 0.67; P = 0.08). Conclusion In patients with NSTE-ACS male sex, severe angina and anterior STD were associated with an increased risk of CAT lesions. Patients with anterior STD were also at increased risk of in-hospital clinical events.
Excess cardiac mortality on Monday: the importance of gender, age and hospitalisation; Background: Available evidence suggests a peak in the incidence of cardiovascular events on Mondays compared to other days of the week. The underlying mechanism may be summarised as naturally occurring rhythmic fluctuations in human physiology, and socially determined rhythms in human behaviour. Change in these rhythms may lead to attenuation of the peak on Mondays. Objective: To quantify the excess risk associated with the Monday peak in cardiovascular mortality and to explore the role of age, gender and hospitalisation. Methods: Details on time and cause of all deaths which occurred in the city of Rotterdam between November 21, 1988 and November 21, 1990 were obtained by sending a questionnaire to the physician who signed the death certificate. We studied the weekly distribution of 1828 confirmed cases of sudden cardiac death, for the group as a whole and in subgroups according to gender, age (< 65 years/65 years) and hospitalisation. Results: The odds ratio (OR) of sudden cardiac death on Monday compared to other days of the week was 1.20 (95% CI: 1.06-1.36). The excess mortality due to the Monday peak amounted to 4.9 per 1000 deaths. The Monday peak was more pronounced in non-hospitalised (OR: 1.25; 95% CI: 1.08-1.44) than in hospitalised patients (OR: 1.06; 95% CI: 0.83-1.37), in men (OR: 1.25; 95% CI: 1.06-1.48) than in women (OR: 1.14; 95% CI: 0.95-1.36), and in those younger than 65 (OR: 1.29; 95% CI: 0.95-1.74) compared to those aged 65 years or over (OR: 1.18; 95% CI: 1.03-1.35). Yet, the confidence limits overlap. Conclusion: The incidence of sudden cardiac death is markedly increased on Monday, more pronounced in non-hospitalised patients. Our results may point to the relevance of naturally occurring rhythmic fluctuations in human physiology, and socially determined rhythms in human behaviour as underlying mechanism.
Treatment of patients with mild acute ischemic stroke and associated large vessel occlusion; Several recent studies have shown that patients presenting with mild acute ischemic stroke (mAIS) symptoms may have an unfavorable natural history. The presence of associated large vessel occlusion (LVO) may lead to even worse outcomes, but most mAIS patients are still excluded from acute stroke treatment (AST). A retrospective review of patients with acute ischemic stroke presenting to our institution between 2010 and 2014 was carried out. Inclusion criteria were mAIS (initial National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale [NIHSS] <= 7) due to LVO, presenting within 6 hours from onset. Demographics, treatments and short-term outcomes were analyzed. Favorable 30 day outcome was defined as modified Rankin Scale (mRS) <= 2. Out of 2636 patients, 62 patients (median age 63 years, 33 (53.2%) males) met inclusion criteria. The anterior circulation was involved in 74.1%. Median admission NIHSS and pre-admission mRS were 4 and 0, respectively. Twenty-three patients (71.8%) received AST (intravenous tissue plasminogen activator: 14, intra-arterial therapy: 4, both: 5). Favorable outcomes were 4.5 times higher in treated (78.3%) versus untreated (53.8%) patients (odds ratio 4.5, 95% confidence interval 1.26-19.2; p = 0.028). None of the treated patients had symptomatic intracranial hemorrhage. We demonstrate that a significant proportion of untreated mAIS patients with LVO have an unfavorable natural history. Our results suggest better outcomes in patients who receive early therapy rather than conservative management. The detection of LVO, even with mild clinical symptoms, may prompt rapid treatment considerations. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Collaborative overview ('meta-analysis') of prospective observational studies of the associations of usual blood pressure and usual cholesterol levels with common causes of death:: protocol for the second cycle of the Prospective Studios Collaboration; Background Many prospective studies have been reported on the associations of blood pressure and blood cholesterol with cardiovascular disease, but few have been large enough to provide reliable estimates of the nature of these associations in different circumstances or to characterize the associations with non-vascular causes of death. Moreover, almost all such reports have related risk to baseline measurements of the risk factor of interest, which can lead to substantial underestimation of the importance of the risk factor due to 'regression dilution' bias. Objective By appropriate combination of data on individual participants from all such studies in a systematic 'meta-analysis: with correction for regression dilution, to characterize more precisely than has previously been possible the age-specific and sex-specific relevance of blood pressure and blood cholesterol levels to particular causes of death. Methods Information has been made available on about 175 000 deaths (45% due to vascular disease and 20% due to cancer) among more than 1.4 million individuals followed for an average of 14 years in over 60 prospective studies of blood pressure and blood cholesterol (with data on high-density lipoprotein cholesterol available for a substantial subset of individuals). This represents approximately 95% of the data from all relevant studies. (C) 1999 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Global Multimorbidity Patterns: A Cross-Sectional, Population-Based, Multi-Country Study; Background. Population ageing challenges health care systems due to the high prevalence and impact of multimorbidity in older adults. However, little is known about how chronic conditions present in certain multimorbidity patterns, which could have great impact on public health at several levels. The aim of our study was to identify and describe multimorbidity patterns in low-, middle-, and high-income countries. Methods. We analyzed data from the Collaborative Research on Ageing in Europe project (Finland, Poland, and Spain) and the World Health Organization's Study on Global Ageing and Adult Health (China, Ghana, India, Mexico, Russia, and South Africa). These cross-sectional studies obtained data from 41,909 noninstitutionalized adults older than 50 years. Exploratory factor analysis was performed to detect multimorbidity patterns. Additional adjusted binary logistic regressions were performed to identify associations between sociodemographic factors and multimorbidity. Results. Overall multimorbidity prevalence was high across countries. Hypertension, cataract, and arthritis were the most prevalent comorbid conditions. Two or three multimorbidity patterns were found per country. Several patterns were identified across several countries: "cardiorespiratory" (angina, asthma, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease), "metabolic" (diabetes, obesity, and hypertension), and "mentalarticular" (arthritis and depression). Conclusions. A high prevalence of multimorbidity occurs in older adults across countries, with low-and middle-income countries gradually approaching the figures of richer countries. Certain multimorbidity patterns are present in several countries, which suggest that common underlying etiopathogenic factors may play a role. Deeper understanding of these patterns may lead to the development of preventive actions to diminish their prevalence and also give rise to new, comprehensive approaches for the management of these co-occurring conditions.
Tissue plasminogen activator (tPA) activity is a novel and early marker of asymptomatic LEAD in type 2 diabetes; Introduction: Lower extremity arterial disease (LEAD) is often one of the first signs of a generalized atherosclerotic disease in type I and type 2 diabetic subjects. Materials and methods: We studied 143 diabetic subjects at 30-70 years of age, M/F 69/74, 74 with type 1 and 69 with type 2 diabetes, without previously known or suspected lower extremity arterial disease. The relationship between early asymptomatic lower extremity arterial disease and blood levels of HbA1c. lipids and fibrinolysis markers (tPA-activity, tPA mass, PAM activity, tPA-PAI-1 complex) was assessed. In parallel, a group with non-diabetic subjects (n = 80) was studied. Results: 35 (24%) diabetic subjects were classified as having sign(s) of LEAD, defined as having at least one reduced peripheral blood pressure measurement, 28% in type 1 vs 20% in type 2 diabetic subjects (p = NS). In univariate logistic regression analyses age, glycemic level (HbA1c), male gender (only in type 1 diabetic subjects), hypertension and tPA activity (only in type 2 diabetic subjects) were positively associated with LEAD. When markers of fibrinolysis were entered into a multivariate model adjusting for age. hypertension, and HbA1c, only tPA activity remained independently associated with LEAD (p = 0.01) and this was also found in type 2 diabetic subjects (p = 0.05). In type 1 diabetic subjects the increase in odds ratio was non-significant. Conclusions: Tissue plasminogen activator (tPA) activity may be an independent and early marker for asymptomatic lower extremity arterial disease in diabetic subjects, particularly in type 2 diabetes. Thus an altered fibrinolytic activity could be an early market of atherosclerosis development in the lower extremities but the cause-effect relationship remains unclear. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Characteristics and Clinical Course of STEMI Patients who Received no Reperfusion in the Australia and New Zealand SNAPSHOT ACS Registry; Background Cohort studies of STEMI patients have reported that over 30% receive no reperfusion. Barriers to greater use of reperfusion in STEMI patients require further elucidation. Methods We collected data on STEMI patients with no reperfusion as part of the SNAPSHOT ACS Registry, which recruited consecutive ACS patients in 478 hospitals throughout Australia and New Zealand during 14-27 May 2012. Results Of 4387 patients enrolled, 419 were diagnosed with STEMI. Primary PCI (PPCI) was performed in 160 (38.2%), fibrinolysis was used in 105 (25.1%), and 154 (36.7%) had no reperfusion. Patients with no reperfusion had a mean age of 70.3 +/- 15.0 years compared with 63.1 +/- 13.5 in the reperfusion group (p<0.0001). There were more females in the no reperfusion group (37.1% v 23.0% p=0.002) and they were significantly more likely to have prior PCI or CABG, heart failure, atrial fibrillation, chronic kidney disease and other vascular disease, and to be nursing home residents (all p<0.05). Patients without reperfusion had a significantly higher mortality in hospital (11.7% v 4.9%, p=0.011). In 370 patients who presented within 12 hours, 28 had early angiography without PCI, which was considered an attempt at reperfusion. Therefore reperfusion was attempted in 293 of 370 eligible patients (79.2%). Conclusion Of consecutive STEMI patients, 36.7% did not receive any reperfusion and they had a higher risk of death in hospital. In eligible patients, reperfusion was attempted in 79.2%. National strategies to encourage earlier medical contact and greater use of reperfusion in eligible patients may lead to better outcomes.
Comparison of risk factors in patients with transient and prolonged eye and brain ischemic syndromes; Background and Purpose-Patients with ischemic stroke, cerebral transient ischemic attacks (TIAs), retinal artery occlusion (RAO), and amaurosis fugax are thought to have similar risk factors and underlying vascular disease. However, if risk factors are different in patients with eye compared with brain symptoms and in those whose symptoms last <24 hours (transient) compared with those lasting >24 hours (prolonged), more focused prevention strategies are possible in the future. Methods-All patients with ischemic stroke, cerebral TIA, RAO, and amaurosis fugax presenting to our hospital from 1994 to 1999 were examined by a stroke physician. Risk factors were documented, and patients underwent carotid Doppler ultrasound. Results-We registered 1491 patients with ischemic stroke, 580 with cerebral TIA, 79 with RAO, and 138 with amaurosis fugax. Atrial fibrillation was more common in brain than eye events, whether prolonged [ischemic stroke versus RAO: odds ratio (OR), 3.6; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.1 to 12] or transient (cerebral TIA versus amaurosis fugax: OR, 2.9; 95% CI, 0.7 to 13), and more common in prolonged than transient events, whether brain (stroke versus cerebral TIA: OR, 3.3; 95% CI, 2.1 to 5.1) or eye (RAO versus amaurosis fugax: OR, 2.7; 95% CI, 0.4 to 16). Severe ipsilateral carotid disease was less common in brain than eye events, whether prolonged (ischemic stroke versus RAO: OR, 0.6; 95% CI, 0.3 to 1.0) or transient (cerebral TIA versus amaurosis fugax: OR, 0.4; 95% CI, 0.2 to 0.6). Conclusions-These data suggest that there are pathogenetic differences between transient and permanent eye and brain ischemic syndromes. Improved understanding of these mechanisms could lead to more effective stroke prevention.
High prevalence of subclinical cerebral infarction in patients with heart failure with preserved ejection fraction; Aims Undetected atrial fibrillation (AF) may be common in the heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF) population, and failure to detect this may lead to the missing of opportunities to prevent associated subclinical cerebral infarctions (SCIs) and cognitive decline. Methods and results We studied 1527 participants in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study, who underwent echocardiography, brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and detailed cognitive assessment during 2011-13. Prevalences of SCI as detected by brain MRI were compared among the following groups: participants with no HFpEF/no AF; those with no HFpEF/AF; those with HFpEF/no AF, and those with HFpEF/AF. Cognitive scores were also compared. Prevalences of HFpEF and AF in this sample were 13.2% and 5.7%, respectively. Participants with HFpEF but no prior diagnosis of AF had a high prevalence of SCI by brain MRI (29.3%), which was similar to those in the no HFpEF/AF (24.5%) and HFpEF/AF (23.5%) groups, but higher than that in the no HFpEF/no AF subjects (17.3%). The odds of having SCI were higher in participants with HFpEF/no AF than in the no HFpEF/no AF group even after adjustment for potential confounders (odds ratio 1.56, 95% confidence interval 1.06-2.30). Individuals with HFpEF and SCI had lower cognitive scores than the reference (no HFpEF/no SCI) and HFpEF/no SCI groups. Conclusions Subclinical cerebral infarctions were prevalent in subjects in the ARIC cohort with HFpEF and no prior AF diagnosis and are associated with measurable cognitive deficits. Although other sources of emboli may be possible, these data suggest that paroxysmal AF may be underdiagnosed in this population. There may be a role for earlier anticoagulation in patients with HFpEF.
Body composition and body fat distribution in relation to later risk of acute myocardial infarction: a Danish follow-up study; Introduction: Obesity is a modifiable risk factor for acute myocardial infarction (MI), but lean body mass (LBM) may also be an important factor. Low LBM may increase the risk of MI and LBM may modify the effect of obesity on MI. Thus, the inability of the classical anthropometric measures to evaluate LBM may lead to misclassification of MI risk in both lean and obese persons. We investigated the associations between incident MI and bioelectrical impedance analyses (BIA) derived measures of body composition in combination with body mass index (BMI) and anthropometric measures of body fat distribution. Methods and results: From 1993 to 1997, 27 148 men and 29 863 women, aged 50 to 64 year, were recruited into the Danish prospective study Diet, Cancer and Health. During 11.9 years of follow-up we identified 2028 cases of incident MI (1487 men and 541 women). BMI, waist circumference (WC), hip circumference and BIA of body composition including body fat mass (BFM), body fat percentage and LBM were measured at baseline. We used Cox proportional hazard models with age as time axis and performed extensive control for confounding. Weight, BMI, classical estimates of abdominal obesity and BIA estimates of obesity showed significant positive associations with incident MI. However, BFM adjusted for WC showed no association. Low LBM was associated with a higher risk of incident MI in both genders, and high LBM was associated with a higher risk in men. Conclusion: Obesity was positively associated with MI. Estimates of obesity achieved by BIA seemed not to add additional information to classical anthropometric measures regarding MI risk. Both high and low LBM may be positively associated with MI. International Journal of Obesity (2011) 35, 1433-1441; doi: 10.1038/ijo.2010.278; published online 1 February 2011
A Simple Strategy Improves Prehospital Electrocardiogram Utilization and Hospital Treatment for Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome (from the ST SMART Study); Although the American Heart Association recommends a prehospital electrocardiogram (ECG) be recorded for all patients who access the emergency medical system with symptoms of acute coronary syndrome (ACS), widespread use of prehospital ECG has not been achieved in the United States. A 5-year prospective randomized clinical trial was conducted in a predominately rural county in northern California to test a simple strategy for acquiring and transmitting prehospital ECGs that involved minimal paramedic training and decision making. A 12-lead ECG was synthesized from 5 electrodes and continuous ST-segment monitoring was performed with ST-event ECGs automatically transmitted to the destination hospital emergency department. Patients randomized to the experimental group had their ECGs printed out in the emergency department with an audible voice alarm, whereas control patients had an ECG after hospital arrival, as was the standard of care in the county. The result was that nearly 3/4 (74%) of 4,219 patients with symptoms of ACS over the 4-year study enrollment period had a prehospital ECG. Mean time from 911 call to first ECG was 20 minutes in those with a prehospital ECG versus 79 minutes in those without a prehospital ECG (p < 0.0001). Mean paramedic scene time in patients with a prehospital ECG was just 2 minutes longer than in those without a prehospital ECG (95% confidence interval 1.2 to 3.6, p < 0.001). Patients with non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction or unstable angina pectoris had a faster time to first intravenous drug and there was a suggested trend for a faster door-to-balloon time and lower risk of mortality in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction. In conclusion, increased paramedic use of prehospital ECGs and decreased hospital treatment times for ACS are feasible with a simple approach tailored to characteristics of a local geographic region. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2011;107:347-352)
Defibrillation Testing at the Time of ICD Insertion: An Analysis From the Ontario ICD Registry; Objectives: To determine the current frequency of DT, the risks associated with DT, and to understand how physicians select patients to have DT. Methods: Between January 2007 and July 2008, all patients in Ontario, Canada who received an ICD were enrolled in this prospective registry. Results: A total of 2,173 patients were included; 58% had new ICD implants for primary prevention, 25% for secondary prevention, and 17% had pulse generator replacement. DT was carried out at the time of ICD implantation or predischarge in 65%, 67%, and 24% of primary, secondary, and replacement cases respectively (P = < 0.0001). The multivariate predictors of a decision to conduct DT included: new ICD implant (OR = 13.9, P < 0.0001), dilated cardiomyopathy (OR = 1.8, P < 0.0001), amiodarone use (OR = 1.5, P = 0.004), and LVEF > 20% (OR = 1.3, P = 0.05). A history of atrial fibrillation (OR = 0.58, P = 0.0001) or oral anticoagulant use (OR = 0.75, P = 0.03) was associated with a lower likelihood of having DT. Age, gender, NYHA class, and history of stroke or TIA did not predict DT. Perioperative complications, including death, myocardial infarction, stroke, tamponade, pneumothorax, heart failure, infection, wound hematoma, and lead dislodgement, were similar among patients with (8.7%) and without (8.3%) DT (P = 0.7) Conclusions: DT is performed in two-thirds of new ICD implants but only one-quarter of ICD replacements. Physicians favored performance of DT in patients who are at lower risk of DT-related complications and in those receiving amiodarone. DT was not associated with an increased risk of perioperative complications. (J Cardiovasc Electrophysiol, Vol. 21, pp. 1344-1348, December 2010).
DIAGNOSTIC-VALUE OF THE ARITHMETIC SUM OF THE ST SEGMENT OF INFERIOR AND V-2 LEADS, II+V-2, III+V-2 AND AVF+V-2 IN IDENTIFYING THE ARTERY RESPONSIBLE FOR INFERIOR ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION; In order to evaluate electrocardiographic changes in the diagnosis of the artery responsible for inferior myocardial infarction, a prospective study was performed on inferior and V-2 ST segment deviation and its correlation using the arithmetic sum: II + V-2, III + V-2, and aVF + V-2. A group of 66 patients with inferior acute myocardial infarction (AMI) was studied. A standard 12-leads electrocardiogram was performed within six hours of the onset of chest pain. Coronary arteriography was performed on each of the patients between one and twelve weeks after infarction. Right coronary artery (RCA) lesion was found in 46 patients, 27 at a proximal level and 19 at a distal level; in 20 patients the left circumflex coronary artery was affected. The isolated value of the magnitude of the inferior ST segment is not an efficient parameter for identifying the artery responsible for inferior AMI. In lead V-2 all the patients with a lesion of the left circumflex artery showed ST segment depression greater than or equal to 1 mm (P < 0.001) and all those presenting ST segment elevation had stenosis of the proximal RCA. The most useful parameters for identifying the artery responsible for inferior AMI, with 100% specificity are: (1) for occlusion of the RCA, the arithmetic sum of ST segments: aVF + V-2 > 0, with 86.9% sensitivity (P < 0.001); (2) for occlusion of the left circumflex artery III + V-2 < 0, with 90% sensitivity (P < 0.001); and (3) for proximal occlusion of the RCA: aVF + V-2 greater than or equal to 1, with 96.2% sensitivity (P < 0.001). No specific marker was observed for distal occlusion of the RCA. The value of the arithmetic sum of the ST segment: III + V-2 between 0 and 0.9 was the most significant, with 94.7% sensitivity and 95.7% specificity (P < 0.001).
Echocardiographic Identification of Iatrogenic Injury of the Circumflex Artery During Minimally Invasive Mitral Valve Repair; Background. Injury to the circumflex artery after mitral valve (MV) repair or replacement is a recognized complication of this procedure. We designed an echocardiographic method to visualize the course and flow of the circumflex artery, to detect iatrogenic injury to this structure intraoperatively, as well as to predict the coronary dominance pattern in MV surgery patients. Methods. After Ethics Committee approval, a prospective study was undertaken in 110 patients undergoing minimal invasive MV repair. Intraoperative transesophageal echo-cardiography was used to visualize the circumflex artery using a combination of B-mode imaging and color Doppler with different Nyquist limits. The course of the circumflex artery and the coronary sinus and their corresponding diameters were documented at the proximal and distal ends of both vessels. Preoperative angiographic data were used to determine the coronary dominance type. Results. The course of the circumflex artery could be detected proximally in 109 patients (99%), to the point of intersection with the coronary sinus in 99 patients (90%), and distal to this intersection in 95 patients (86%) using our technique. Three patients had evidence of iatrogenic aliasing (circumflex stenosis) or "no flow" (circumflex occlusion) on transesophageal echocardiography examination after repair and therefore underwent surgical or percutaneous correction. All 3 of these patients had an uncomplicated postoperative course thereafter with no evidence of perioperative myocardial infarction. All remaining patients with normal circumflex examinations after repair did not show any clinical evidence of myocardial infarction or unstable hemodynamics postoperatively. The 95% confidence interval for the diameter of the proximal circumflex artery was 4.5 mm to 5.6 mm for the left dominant type patients and 3.8 mm to 4.2 mm for the right dominant and balanced type patients (p = 0.01). Conclusions. The early recognition of iatrogenic injury of the circumflex artery is feasible with intraoperative transesophageal echocardiography examination, and may lead to treatment before extensive myocardial infarction occurs. We suggest that visualization of the circumflex artery with our technique should be performed more frequently in patients undergoing MV surgery. (Ann Thorac Surg 2010; 89: 1866-72) c 2010 by The Society of Thoracic Surgeons
Design and Rationale of the PRAGUE-12 Trial: A Large, Prospective, Randomized, Multicenter Trial That Compares Cardiac Surgery With Left Atrial Surgical Ablation With Cardiac Surgery Without Ablation in Patients With Coronary and/or Valvular Heart Disease Plus Atrial Fibrillation; Surgical ablation procedure can restore sinus rhythm (SR) in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) undergoing cardiac surgery. However, it is not known whether it has any impact on clinical outcomes. There is a need for a randomized trial with long-term follow-up to study the outcome of surgical ablation in patients with coronary and/or valve disease and AF. Patients are prospectively enrolled and randomized either to group A (cardiac surgery with left atrial ablation) or group B (cardiac surgery alone). The primary efficacy outcome is the SR presence (without any AF episode) during a 24-hour electrocardiogram after 1 year. The primary safety outcome is the combined end point of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, and renal failure at 30 days. Long-term outcomes are a composite of total mortality, stroke, bleeding, and heart failure at 1 and 5 years. We finished the enrollment with a total of 224 patients from 3 centers in 2 countries in December 2011. Currently, the incomplete 1-year data are available, and the patients who enrolled first will have their 5-year visits shortly. PRAGUE-12 is the largest study to be conducted so far comparing cardiac surgery with surgical ablation of AF to cardiac surgery without ablation in an unselected population of patients who are operated on for coronary and/or valve disease. Its long-term results will lead to a better recognition of ablation's potential clinical benefits. The PRAGUE-12 trial is partially funded by the Charles University Research Projects MSM0021620817 and UNCE 204010/2012. The authors have no other funding, financial relationships, or conflicts of interest to disclose.
Telemedicine for acute stroke patients; Telemedicine is increasingly used for acute care of stroke patients, The working group telemedicine in stroke was formed as part of the competence network stroke in order to evaluate unresolved questions of,telestroke". The use of pre-hospital stroke scales with electronical data transfer to the acute stroke hospital failed to provide sufficient sensitivity and specificity. However, advance information by ambulance services was associated with improved in-hospital processes and reduced time to care. A prospective comparison between teleconsultation comprising video examination and image transmission versus telephone consultation showed that teleconsultation is more time consuming but reduced the rate of interhospital patient transfers and lead to improved compliance to established standards of care. Telemedicine consultation using a laptop-based workstation and European mobile IT technology is technologically reliable but the reduced video and audio quality remains a relevant concern. Nevertheless, it can be used to make critical decisions in stroke care during on-call services. Finally, organised stroke care with telemedicine support was associated with improved long-term outcome when compared to treatment on general wards in non-specialized hospitals.
Preoperative Brain Natriuretic Peptide (BNP) Is a Better Predictor of Adverse Cardiac Events Compared to Preoperative Scoring System in Patients Who Underwent Abdominal Surgery; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of perioperative death in surgical patients. A variety of clinical scoring systems have been developed to predict adverse cardiovascular events. B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) is a sensitive and specific predictor of left ventricular systolic dysfunction and predicts first cardiovascular event and death in the general population. We present a prospective, single-center, observational cohort study of patients undergoing major abdominal surgery and evaluate the role of BNP in predicting adverse cardiac events. A total of 205 patients were included in the study. All patients were assessed by a cardiological clinical evaluation, a 12-lead ECG report, and a preoperative and postoperative blood sample for plasmatic BNP assessment. The primary end point was the predictive power of preoperative BNP levels for adverse cardiac events until 30 days after discharge. Thirty-one of 205 (15%) patients had adverse cardiac events in the postoperative period up to 30 days after discharge. Five patients (2.4%) of these died of cardiac events. Preoperative BNP values were significantly increased in the 31 patients compared to the other patients in the postoperative period [mean = 112.93 pg/ml (range = 5-2,080) vs. 178.99 pg/ml (range = 5-3,980); median = 117 vs. 23 pg/ml; 95% CI = 49-181; p < 0.0001]. At logistic regression, a preoperative BNP value of > 36 pg/ml was the only effective predictor of adverse cardiac events. We have demonstrated that elevated preoperative BNP levels are independent predictors of adverse cardiac events in a cohort of patients undergoing major abdominal surgery in a general surgery department, and this is the first study about this specific cohort of patients.
Respiratory Variations of R-Wave Amplitude in Lead II Are Correlated With Stroke Volume Variations Evaluated by Transesophageal Doppler Echocardiography; Objective: The authors hypothesized that variations in electrocardiographically derived R-wave amplitude might be correlated with mechanical ventilation-induced variations in stroke volume as determined by transesophageal echocardiography. Design: Observational prospective study. Setting: Single university hospital. Participants: Thirty-four patients undergoing coronary artery bypass surgery. Interventions: None. Measurements and Main Results: Respiratory R-wave variations in lead II (Delta RII) were correlated with aortic velocity time integral variations (r = 0.82, p < 0.0001). Respiratory R-wave variations in leads III and aVF and pulse pressure variation also were correlated with aortic velocity time integral variations (r = 0.49, p = 0.015; r = 0.61, p = 0.0016; and r = 0.72, p < 0.0001, respectively). R-wave respiratory variations in lead V-5 were not correlated with aortic velocity time integral variations. Delta RII was correlated with pulse pressure variation (r = 0.71, p < 0.0001). A Delta RII cutoff value of 15% accurately predicted stroke volume variations >15%, with a specificity of 92%, a sensitivity of 86%, a positive likelihood ratio of 11.1, a negative likelihood ratio of 0.15, a positive predictive value of 95%, and a negative predictive value of 80%. Conclusions: Delta RII is correlated with stroke volume variations as determined by transesophageal echocardiography in mechanically ventilated patients and can identify the stroke volume variation cutoff of 15%, previously determined to be the cutoff for volume responsiveness. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The association of serum uric acid levels on coronary flow in patients with STEMI undergoing primary PCI; Objective: Uric acid has been shown as a predictor and an independent risk factor for coronary heart disease, but little is known regarding the association of uric acid levels with coronary blood flow in STEMI. We hypothesized that elevated uric acid levels would be associated with impaired flow and perfusion in the setting of STEMI treated with primary PCI. Methods: Two hundred and eighty nine patients with STEMI who treated primary PCI were enrolled to study. Patients were divided into two groups based upon the TIMI flow grade. No-reflow was defined as TIMI Grade 0, 1 and 2 flows (group 1). Angiographic success was defined as TIMI 3 flow (group 2). Uric acid, MPV and high sensitive CRP were measured. Major adverse cardiac events (MACE) were defined as in stent thrombosis, non-fatal myocardial infarction and in-hospital mortality. Results: There were 126 patients (mean age 63 +/- 11 and 71% male) in group 1 and 163 patients (mean age 58 +/- 12 and 80% male) in group 2. Uric acid, MPV, and hs-CRP levels on admission were higher in group 1 (p = 0.0001 for each). A uric acid level >= 5.4 mg/dl measured on admission had a 77% sensitivity and 70% specificity in predicting no-reflow at ROC curve analysis. In-hospital MACE was significantly higher in group 1 (29% vs. 7%, p = 0.0001). At multivariate analyses, high plasma uric acid (odds ratio (OR) 2.05, <95% confidence interval(CI) 1.49-2.81; p < 0.0001), hs-CRP (OR 1.02, <95% CI 1.01-1.03; p = 0.0007) and MPV (OR 3.09, <95% CI 1.95-4.89; p < 0.0001) levels were independent predictors of no-reflow post primary PCI and uric acid (OR 2.75, <95% CI 1.93-3.94; p < 0.0001), hs-CRP (OR 1.01, <95% CI 1-1.02; p = 0.006) levels, but not MPV, were independent predictors of in-hospital MACE. Conclusion: Plasma uric acid level on admission is a strong and independent predictor of poor coronary blood flow following primary PCI and in hospital MACE among patients with STEMI. Except for predictive value, uric acid levels may be a useful biomarker for stratification of risk in patients with STEMI and may also lead to carry further therapeutic implications. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Role of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system in atrial fibrillation and cardiac remodeling; Purpose of review This review summarizes recent clinical trial evidence showing a reduction in the development and recurrence of atrial fibrillation with angiotensin- converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors and angiotensin receptor-blocking agents (ARBs). It then explores the possible mechanisms for this effect based on current animal models and limited human study. Recent findings Post hoc analyses of trials in patients with heart failure, hypertension, or myocardial infarction have observed reductions in atrial fibrillation among patients treated with ACE inhibitors or ARBs. Recent studies of these agents in animal models of atrial fibrillation suggest that they may prevent atrial fibrillation by reversing the cardiac structural and electrical changes, known as cardiac remodeling, that lead to the development of atrial fibrilltion. The concept is also supported by two prospective studies showing that ACE inhibitors and ARBs prevent the recurrence of atrial fibrillation after electrical cardioversion. Summary Inhibition of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system is a novel concept for the treatment of atrial fibrillation that may target the underlying substrate of atrial fibrillation. Further human research is required to determine whether ACE inhibitors and ARBs prevent atrial fibrillation, and if so, whether this is a result of blood pressure lowering alone or a specific effect of these agents. Ongoing research will establish whether ACE inhibitors or ARBs have specific benefits in patients with atrial fibrillation.
Hypertensive retinal vessel wall signs in a general older population - The Blue Mountains Eye Study; To describe cross-sectional relations between hypertension and retinal vessel wall signs in an older white population. These signs were defined from fundus photographs in 3654 Blue Mountains Eye Study participants greater than or equal to49 years of age. Focal arteriolar narrowing and arteriovenous nicking were graded through the use of standard protocol. Photographs were digitized to measure retinal vessel diameters. Average arteriolar diameter, summarized as central retinal arteriolar equivalent and arteriole-to-venule ratio, were used as indexes of generalized arteriolar narrowing. Blood pressure was measured with the use of a mercury sphygmomanometer. Hypertension was defined through the use of antihypertensive medications, systolic blood pressure greater than or equal to160 mm Hg, or diastolic blood pressure greater than or equal to95 mm Hg. Hypertension was categorized as controlled (using medication, normal blood pressure), uncontrolled (using medication, high blood pressure), or untreated (not using medication). Hypertensive subjects had higher prevalence of all retinal microvascular signs. After adjusting for age, gender, body mass index, and smoking, persons with controlled (18.2%), uncontrolled (13.8%), or untreated hypertension (13.8%) were significantly more likely than normotensive subjects (54.2%) to have (a) lower central retinal arteriolar equivalent: adjusted odds ratios 1.5, (95% CI, 1.1 to 1.9), 2.1 (1.6 to 2.7), and 2.1 (1.6 to 2.7), respectively, and lower arteriole-to-venule ratio: 1.3 (1.0 to 1.6), 1.4 (1.1 to 1.8), and 1.7 (1.3 to 2.2), respectively; (b) focal arteriolar narrowing: 1.3 (0.9 to 1.9), 2.2 (1.5 to 3.2), and 2.5 (1.8 to 3.6), respectively; and (c) arteriovenous nicking: 1.3 (0.9 to 1.8), 2.3 (1.6 to 3.2), and 1.9 (1.3 to 2.7), respectively. Our findings demonstrate a strong relation between presence and severity of hypertension and retinal microvascular structural changes.
Cognitive deficits following stroke in the basal ganglia; Objective. To examine the effect of a stroke in the basal ganglia on cognitive functioning. Design: As part of a larger prospective study on the neuropsychological and psychosocial consequences of stroke, 12 patients with a stroke confined to the basal ganglia were examined. Setting: The patients were assessed in one of the three participating hospitals. Subjects: The results of 12 patients with a stroke in the basal ganglia (mean age 55 years), were compared to 24 controls (mean age 54.3 years). Main outcome measures: Different aspects of memory, attention and concentration, visuospatial and visuoconstructive functions, language and arithmetic were assessed using neuropsychological tests. Results: The data show a significant abnormality in cognitive functioning on ail cognitive domains. Conclusions: The results stress the notion that subcortical damage may lead to substantial neuropsychological disorders and have clear implications for neurological rehabilitation.
The 12-lead electrocardiogram in patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage: early risk prognostication; Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate if the electrocardiographic (ECG) abnormalities assessed early in the emergency department (ED) are associated with the in-hospital mortality of the patients with spontaneous subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH). Methods: We studied prospectively a cohort of 222 adult patients with spontaneous SAH in an ED. A 12-lead ECG was performed for these patients in the ED. The patients were stratified into nonsurvivors and survivors based on the in-hospital mortality. The clinical characteristics, heart rate, corrected QT interval (QTc) and 7 predefined morphologic abnormalities were compared between these 2 groups of patients. Results: Compared with the survivors (n = 178), the nonsurvivors (n = 44) had significantly slower heart rate (75 +/- 23 vs 83 +/- 16, P = .018) and more prolonged QTc (492 +/- 58 vs 458 +/- 40, P = .001). There were significantly higher frequency of occurrence of ECG morphologic abnormalities (66% vs 37%, P = .001) and nonspecific ST- or T-wave changes (NSSTTCs; 32% vs 12%, P = .015) in the nonsurvivors compared with those in the survivors. Multiple logistic regression model identified QTc (odds ratio, 1.0; 95% confidence interval, 1.0-1.0; P = .005) and NSSTTC (odds ratio, 3.3; 95% confidence interval, 1.0-10.7; P = .047) as the significant ECG variables associated with in-hospital mortality. Conclusions: The occurrence of NSSTTC and prolonged QTc assessed early in the ED are independently associated with the in-hospital mortality in adult patients with spontaneous SAH. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
DISSECTIONS OF THE SUPRAAORTIC ARTERIES; Dissection of the cervical and intracranial vasculature is a rare but important cause of ischaemic stroke especially in young adults. In the majority of cases it affects the extracranial vessels, mostly the internal carotid artery. It might be categorized as spontaneous or traumatic, causing diverse clinical symptoms. Dissection might lead to ipsilateral stroke mainly by artery-to-artery embolisation. Due to its relative rarity compared to the classic ischaemic stroke of the elderly, there are much less clinically relevant information for the clinician to rely on. Several large, randomised, multicentered, prospective studies and some smaller, retrospective analyses have been published recently concerning the genetic background, epidemiology, acute care and secondary prevention of supraaortic arterial dissection which helps the neurologist to provide evidence-based care for his patient. Our aim is to give a short, up-to-date overview of arterial dissections with two case reports.
PATENCY OF THE INFARCT-RELATED CORONARY-ARTERY AND VENTRICULAR GEOMETRY; The pathogenesis of acute myocardial infarction (AMI) involves a sudden thrombotic occlusion of a coronary artery. Spontaneous or pharmacologic thrombolysis may lead to myocardial salvage if patency is achieved within a narrow time window. However, patients in whom thrombolysis occurs late seem to demonstrate improved left ventricular (LV) function and prognosis, which may be independent of myocardial salvage. Preservation of normal LV geometry by reducing expansion of the infarcted segment is a likely mechanism for this benefit. Infarct expansion is most pronounced in patients with anterior wall AMI who have a persistently occluded infarct-related vessel. This process of expansion leads to early increases in LV volume and distortions of LV contour (abnormal LV geometry). Patients whose infarct segment is largest, patients who have manifested infarct expansion, and patients with a persistently occluded infarct-related artery are at highest risk for progressive LV dilation. Experimental data support the concept that reperfusion of occluded vessels that occurs too late for myocardial salvage will preserve LV geometry by limiting infarct expansion. Prospective clinical trials should address whether there is a late, "second time window" during which infarct expansion and distortions of LV geometry may be reduced by (1) therapy with thrombolytic agents applied late after infarction, (2) late mechanical reperfusion with percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA) or related methods, and (3) load-reducing agents to decrease remodeling, such as angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or nitroglycerin.
Assessment of the safety and performance of the STENTYS self-expanding coronary stent in acute myocardial infarction: results from the APPOSITION I study; Aims: In the setting of ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEM!), epicardial vasoconstriction and thrombus load may lead to stent undersizing and malapposition after primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PPCI), which can both be responsible for stent thrombosis or restenosis. Aggressive stein deployment can, on the other hand, cause distal embolisation and the no-reflow phenomenon. The purpose of our study was to evaluate the safety and feasibility of a novel self-expanding stent by assessing the clinical, angiographic and intravascular outcomes after stent deployment at three days and at six months follow-up. Methods and results: This prospective, multicentre, non-randomised study enrolled 25 STEMI patients undergoing PPCI; a nitinol, self-expanding, coronary stent (STENTYS (R) stent; STENTYS, Paris, France) was used in all patients. Angiography and intravascular ultrasound (IVUS) or optical coherence tomography (OCT) were performed immediately after stent deployment, after three days and at six months. Primary safety endpoints were mortality, reinfarction, stent thrombosis and stroke at discharge and at six months. The primary feasibility endpoints were technical, device and procedural success, and stent apposition at three days and six months. Secondary endpoints included distal embolisation, binary restenosis, ischaemia-driven target lesion revascularisation (TLR) and late lumen loss (LLL). There were no adverse events at discharge or at six months. Technical, device and procedural success were 100%, 96% and 96%, respectively. IVUS showed a significant vasodilatation distal to the culprit lesion at three-day follow-up (+19%), with a concordant expansion of the implanted stent (+18%), p <= 0.001 for both values. One case of distal embolisation was reported. There were no cases of late stent malapposition at six months. In-stent and in-segment LLL were 0.71 +/- 0.71 mm and 0.58 +/- 0.61 mm. Binary restenosis was 25%, ischaemia-driven TLR was 12%. Conclusions: This study shows that the use of the STENTYS self-expanding stent is safe and feasible in STEMI patients. Three days after the procedure, the stent expanded to the same extent as the epicardial vasodilatation and appeared completely apposed to the vessel wall. This could be of benefit in preventing stent thrombosis in the setting of STEMI.
Relationship of baseline electrocardiographic characteristics with the response to cardiac resynchronization therapy for heart failure; Prospective identification of patients most and least likely to respond to cardic resynchronization the-ropy (CRT) for congestive heart failure (CHF) will allow clinicians to target this intervention most efficiently. The authors hypothesized that EGG variables including RBBB and indicators of RV dysfunction and extensive prior myocardial infarction would correlate with diminished response to CRT This study analyzed preimplantotion ECGs in 110 patients with ICD indications and CHF due to left ventriculor systolic dysfunction randomized to active biventricular pacing in the MIRACLE ICD trial. Clinical and ECG variables on the outcome of change in peak oxygen consumption from baseline to 6 months (Delta-VO2) were evaluated. For this cohrt, average peak VO2 improved from 13.4 to 14.3 mL/kg per minute. Among clinical variables, the strongest predictors Of increasing Delta-VO2 were reduced exercise time and peak V02 at baseline. A dominant R wave in lead a VR, RBBB, and evidence of prior anterior inforction were each associated with significantly smaller average improvements in Delta-VO2 than their absence in univoriate analysis. Alternative EGG criteria, including QRS duration, had no relationship with the outcome. In a multivoriote model, only baseline VO2 (beta = -0.3, P = 0.001) and EGG evidence ofp-rior anterior infurction ( beta = - 1.3, P = 0.03) were associated with the outcome. EGG markers of anterior inforction and RV dilation mayhelp identify CHFpatients unlikely to benefitfrom biventricular pacing. Further assessment is needed of these and other predictors of therapeutic response to CRT
Immortal time bias in observational studies of drug effects; Purpose Recent observational studies suggest that various drugs are remarkably effective at reducing morbidity and mortality. These cohort studies used a flawed approach to design and data analysis which can lead to immortal time bias. We describe the bias from 20 of these studies and illustrate it by showing that unrelated drugs can be made to appear effective at treating cardiovascular disease (CVD). Methods The illustration used a cohort of 3315 patients, with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), identified from the Saskatchewan Health databases, hospitalised for CVD and followed for up to a year. We used the biased approach to assess the effect of two medications, namely gastrointestinal drugs (GID) and inhaled beta-agonists (IBA), both unknown to be effective in CVD, on the risk of all-cause mortality. We also estimated these effects using the proper person-time approach. Results Using the inappropriate approach, the rates ratios of all-cause death were 0.73 (95%CI: 0.57-0.93), with IBA and 0.78 (95%CI: 0.61-0.99), with GID. These rate ratios became 0.98 (95%CI: 0.77-1.25) and 0.94 (95%CI: 0.73-1.20), respectively, with the proper person-time analysis. Conclusions Several recent observational studies used a flawed approach to design and data analysis, leading to immortal time bias, which can generate an illusion of treatment effectiveness. Observational studies, with surprising beneficial drug effects should be re-assessed to account for this source of bias. Copyright (c) 2007 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
QTc dispersion predicts cardiac mortality in the elderly - The Rotterdam Study; Background-Increased QTc dispersion has been associated with an increased risk for ventricular arrhythmias and cardiac death in selected patient populations. We examined the association between computerized QTc-dispersion measurements and mortality in a prospective analysis of the population-based Rotterdam Study among men and women aged greater than or equal to 55 years. Methods and Results-QTc dispersion was computed with the use of the Modular ECG Analysis System as the difference between the maximum and minimum QTc intervals in 12 and 8 leads tie, the 6 precordial leads, the shortest extremity lead, and the median of the 5 other extremity leads). After exclusion of those without a digitally stored EGG, the population consisted of 2358 men and 3454 women. During the 3 to 6.5 years (mean, 4 years) of follow-up, 568 subjects (9.8%) died. The degree of QTc dispersion was categorized into tertiles. Data were analyzed using the Cox proportional hazards model, with adjustment for age. For QTc dispersion in 8 leads, those in the highest tertile relative to the lowest tertile had a twofold risk for cardiac death (hazard ratio, 2.5; 95% confidence interval [Cl], 1.6 to 4.0) and sudden cardiac death (hazard ratio, 1.9; 95% Cl, 1.0 to 3.7) and a 40% increased risk for total mortality (hazard ratio, 1.4; 95% Cl, 1.2 to 1.8). Additional adjustment for potential confounders, including history of myocardial infarction, hypertension, and overall QTc, did not materially change the risk estimates. Hazard ratios for QTc dispersion in 12 leads were comparable to those found for QTc dispersion in 8 leads. Conclusions-QTc dispersion is an important predictor of cardiac mortality in older men and women.
IS REPERFUSION INJURY FROM MULTIPLE AORTIC CROSS-CLAMPING A CURRENT MYTH OF CARDIAC-SURGERY; Adult patients (480) undergoing cardiac operations had systemic and topical hypothermic anoxic arrest supplemented with KCl pharmacological cardioplegia in a prospective randomized study. Group 1 (217 patients) had continuous aortic cross-clamping and 1 single anoxic arrest period during the cardiac portion of the operation. This resulted in a transmural myocardial infarction rate of 8.3%, myocardial injury incidence of 12.4%, 4.6% cardiac-related deaths, 11.5% and 24.8% severe and malignant ventricular arrhythmias, 21.7% rate of severe vaspopressor usage, a mean group serum glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase (SGOT) of 140 .+-. 39 IU [international unit] and a mean group lactic dehydrogenase (LDH) of 636 .+-. 78.2 IU. Group 2 (263 patients) had intermittent aortic cross-clamping with multiple reperfusion intervals. This resulted in a significantly lower incidence of transmural myocardial infarction at 1.9% (P < 0.01), rate of myocardial injury at 5.66% (P < 0.02), number of cardiac deaths at 0.76% (P < 0.02), 8.7 and 16.0% severe and malignant ventricular arrhythmias (P < 0.01), severe vasopressor utilization rate of 14.3% (P < 0.05), mean group SGOT at 72.0 .+-. 3.1 IU (P < 0.01) and mean group LDH at 471.0 .+-. 12.3 IU (P < 0.05) than group 1. Apparently intermittent aortic cross-clamping in conjunction with hypothermia and pharmacological cardioplegia does not lead to increased clinical cardiac damage compared to continuous aortic cross-clamping. The converse is implied, in that the anoxic heart may benefit from the physiological effects of briefly reperfused oxygenated blood.
Prevalence of renal dysfunction in ischaemic stroke and transient ischaemic attack patients with or without atrial fibrillation; Background and purpose: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is associated with a higher risk of stroke and atrial fibrillation (AF). There are limited data on the comorbidity of renal dysfunction and AF in stroke patients. Our aim was to determine the frequency of kidney dysfunction in ischaemic stroke patients with and without AF. Methods: In a prospectively collected, single center cohort of acute ischaemic stroke and transient ischaemic attack (TIA) patients, glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was estimated using the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease equation on admission. Renal function was graded into five categories (cat.): cat. 1, eGRF =90 ml/min/1.73 m(2); cat. 2, 60-89; cat. 3, 30-59; cat. 4, 15-29; cat. 5, < 15. The diagnosis of AF was based on medical history, a 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) and 24-h Holter or continuous ECG monitoring. Results: In total, 2274 patients (1727 stroke, 547 TIA; median age 71.0) were included. Median eGFR was 78.6 ml/min/1.73 m(2) (interquartile range 61/95); 21.1% were in cat. 3, 2.1% in cat. 4, 0.7% in cat. 5. In all, 535 patients (23.5%) suffered from AF; 28.0% of these were in cat. 3, 2.6% and 0.8% in cat. 4 and cat. 5, respectively. In multivariable analysis, age [odds ratio (OR) 1.1], diabetes (OR 1.8), heart failure (OR 1.7) and AF (OR 1.4) were independently associated with kidney dysfunction (eGFR < 60). Conclusions: Renal dysfunction is far more common in stroke patients than in the general population and more common in AF-related stroke. These findings may have implications for the choice of anticoagulants.
Susceptibility to deterioration of mobility long-term after stroke - A prospective cohort study; Background and Purpose - The aim of the present study was to identify clinical determinants able to predict which individuals are susceptible to deterioration of mobility from 1 to 3 years after stroke. Methods - Prospective cohort study of stroke patients consecutively admitted for inpatient rehabilitation. A total of 205 relatively young, first-ever stroke patients were assessed at 1 and 3 years after stroke. Mobility status was determined by the Rivermead Mobility Index (RMI), and decline was defined as a deterioration of >= 2 points on the RMI. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed to identify prognostic factors for mobility decline. The discriminating ability of the model was determined using a receiver operating characteristic curve. Results - A decline in mobility status was found in 21% of the patients. Inactivity and the presence of cognitive problems, fatigue, and depression at 1 year after stroke were significant predictors of mobility decline. The multivariate model showed a good fit (Hosmer-Lemeshow test P > 0.05), and discriminating ability was good (area under the curve 0.79). Conclusions - Mobility decline is an essential concern in chronic stroke patients, especially because it might lead to activities of daily living dependence and affects social reintegration. Early recognition of prognostic factors in patients at risk may guide clinicians to apply interventions aimed to prevent deterioration of mobility status in chronic stroke.
Usefulness of Fragmented QRS Complexes in Patients With Congenital Heart Disease to Predict Ventricular Tachyarrhythmias; Fragmented QRS complexes (fQRS) on 12-lead electrocardiogram are known predictors of ventricular tachyarrhythmia (VTA) in patients with coronary artery disease. There is limited knowledge of the clinical implications of fQRS in patients with congenital heart defects (CHD) Aims of this study were to examine (1) the occurrence of fQRS in patients with various types of CHD and (2) whether fQRS is associated with development of VTA. This study was designed as retrospective case-control study. Patients with CHD with VTA were included and matched with control patients of the same age, gender, and CHD type. Clinical data and fQRS were analyzed and compared. The initial VTA episode developed in 139 patients with CHD at a mean age of 39 +/- 14 years. Compared with controls (n = 219, age 38 +/- 13 years), QRS duration was longer in patients with VTA (110 vs 100 ms; p <0.01). Furthermore, fQRS was more frequently observed in patients with VTA in the last electrocardiogram before VTA (n = 73 [53%] vs n = 67 [31%]; p <0.001), especially in patients with sustained VTA (64%). Multiple conditional logistic regression demonstrated more fQRS (odds ratio [OR] 2.9, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.5 to 5.8; p = 0.002), nonsystemic ventricular dysfunction (OR 5.1, 95% CI 2.1 to 12.4; p <0.001), and more prolonged QRS complexes (OR 2.8, 95% CI 1.3 to 6.2; p = 0.011) in patients with VTA. Therefore, the presence of fQRS on electrocardiogram may be a useful tool in daily clinical practice to identify patients at risk for developing VTA in patients with CHD, in addition to known predictors of VTA. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Long-term follow-up of DDD and VDD pacing: a prospective non-randomized single-centre comparison of patients with symptomatic atrioventricular block; This prospective non-randomized single-centre registry compared clinical outcome, pacing parameters, and long-term survival in patients receiving VDD or DDD pacemaker (PMs) for symptomatic atrioventricular (AV) block. Single-lead VDD (n 166) and DDD (n 254) PMs were implanted in 420 successive patients with isolated AV block between January 2001 and December 2009. At the end of the follow-up period [median 25 (1141) months], there was no difference in the incidence of atrial fibrillation [11.2 in the VDD group; 11.4 in the DDD group (P 0.95)], myocardial infarction [31.1 in the VDD group; 25.2 in the DDD group (P 0.20)], or dilated cardiomyopathy [9.9 in the VDD group; 8.9 in the DDD group (P 0.74)]. At last follow-up, 65.9 of the VDD PMs and 89.3 of the DDD PMs were still programmed in their original mode with good atrial sensing. Due to permanent atrial fibrillation, 7.9 patients out of the VDD group had been switched to VVIR mode and 8.7 patients out of the DDD group to VVIR or DDIR mode. The P-wave amplitude was poor (sensed P-wave 0.5 mV) in 19.1 of the VDD PM and 1.6 of the DDD PM (P 0.001) and 7.1 of the VDD patients and 0.4 of the DDD patients had been switched to VVIR pacing mode due to P-wave undersensing and AV dissociation (P 0.003). Symptomatic atrial undersensing requiring upgrading was similar in both groups. The overall survival, adjusted for age, was not significantly different in the VDD and the DDD group (log rank: 0.26). Moreover, Cox survival analysis excluded the pacing mode as a significant predictor of mortality [hazard ratio (HR) 0.79, confidence interval (CI) (0.461.35), P 0.39]. Comparing VDD and DDD pacing, a significantly larger number of VDD-paced patients developed poor atrial signal detection without clinical impact. However, atrial under sensing did not influence the incidence of atrial fibrillation, myocardial infarction, dilated cardiomyopathy, or mortality.
Cardiac Vulnerability to Cerebrogenic Stress as a Possible Cause of Troponin Elevation in Stroke; Background-Troponin elevation with electrocardiography changes is not uncommon in patients with acute ischemic stroke; however, it is still unclear whether the mechanism of these changes is due to cardiac problems or neurally mediated myocytic damage. Thus, we investigated cardiac and neurological predictors of troponin elevation in those patients. Methods and Results-We retrospectively analyzed medical data of the prospectively registered ischemic stroke patients on stroke registry who were admitted and underwent a serum cardiac troponin I and 12-lead electrocardiography within 24 hours of symptom onset. However, patients with well-known troponin-elevating comorbidities were excluded from the analysis. Among 1404 ischemic stroke patients, 121 (8.7%) had elevated troponin, which was defined as more than 0.04 mg/mL. Multivariable analysis identified electrocardiography abnormalities such as QTc-prolongation (odds ratio [ OR]: 1.52, 95% CI: 1.02-2.28), left ventricular hypertrophy (OR: 2.14, 95% CI 1.43-3.19), Q-wave (OR: 2.53, 95% CI: 1.48-4.32), and ST elevation (OR: 2.74, 95% CI: 1.12-6.72) as cardiac variables associated with troponin elevation, and higher National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score (OR: 1.04, 95% CI: 1.01-1.07) and insular cortical lesions (OR: 2.78, 95% CI: 1.85-4.19) as neurological variables associated with troponin elevation. Incidence of troponin elevation as well as QTc-prolongation was increased further in combination with cardiac and neurological factors. Conclusions-Certain cardiac and neurological conditions in acute ischemic stroke may contribute to troponin elevation. The proposed concept of cardiac vulnerability to cerebrogenic stress can be a practical interpretation of troponin elevation and electrocardiography abnormalities in stroke patients.
Lack of association between Kawasaki syndrome and <i>Chlamydia pneumoniae</i> infection:: an investigation of a Kawasaki syndrome cluster in San Diego County; Background. The etiology of Kawasaki syndrome (KS), the leading cause of acquired coronary artery disease in children, is unknown. Recent studies have suggested that Chlamydia pneumoniae, a common respiratory pathogen associated with an increased risk of heart disease, might lead to KS. Objective. To assess whether KS was associated with an elevated risk of having a current or antecedent infection with C. pneumoniae. Methods. Blood, urine and pharyngeal specimens from KS patients in San Diego County, CA, during a period of high KS incidence were analyzed for evidence of recent C. pneumoniae infection by culture, PCR and serology. Specimens collected from two control groups, family members of KS patients and age-matched children attending outpatient clinics for well child visits, were similarly analyzed. Results. Thirteen cases were identified. Forty-five outpatient controls and an average of three family members per patient were enrolled in the study. All specimens tested negative for the presence of C. pneumoniae by PCR and culture except for one blood specimen from the mother of a case-patient. Serologic analysis of patients and a subset of outpatient and family controls revealed no evidence of current C. pneumoniae infection; 4 of 13 adult family controls had IgG titers consistent with past exposure to C. pneumoniae. Case patients were no more likely than outpatient controls to have had a respiratory illness in the preceding 2 months (11 of 13 patients vs. 35 of 45 controls; odds ratio, 1.57; 95% confidence interval, 0.3 to 11.9). Conclusions. We found no evidence that C. pneumoniae infection was associated with KS.
Association of Fragmented QRS with Subclinical Left Ventricular Dysfunction in Patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea; Objective: We aimed to investigate whether fragmented QRS (fQRS) is associated with subclinical left ventricular (LV) dysfunction in patients with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). Subjects and Methods: A total of 141 patients with OSA who had normal LV ejection fraction (LVEF) were included in the study. The fQRS was defined as the presence of an additional R wave, notching of R or S wave or the presence of fragmentation in 2 contiguous electrocardiography (ECG) leads. Subclinical LV dysfunction was defined as the presence of a tissue Doppler-derived Tei index of >= 0.5 in the absence of impaired LVEF (<50%) as assessed by transthoracic echocardiography. Results: Of the 141 patients, 71 (50.4%) had subclinical LV dysfunction. Overall, the prevalence of the fQRS was 61% (86/141). Patients with fQRS had significantly higher Tei indices than those without fQRS [median 0.66, interquartile range (IQR) 0.39 vs. median 0.40, IQR 0.15, p < 0.001]. The presence of fQRS on ECG predicted subclinical LV dys-function in univariate logistic regression analysis [odds ratio (OR) 6.69, 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.10-14.43]. The association remained significant after adjusting for all potential confounders (OR 4.59, 95% CI 1.94-10.87). Conclusion: fQRS on ECG was an independent predictor of subclinical LV dysfunction in patients with OSA. This simple tool might help to identify OSA patients who could be at risk for developing overt cardiac dysfunction. (C) 2015 S. Karger AG, Basel
Genome-wide Association for Major Depression Through Age at Onset Stratification: Major Depressive Disorder Working Group of the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium; BACKGROUND: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a disabling mood disorder, and despite a known heritable component, a large meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies revealed no replicable genetic risk variants. Given prior evidence of heterogeneity by age at onset in MDD, we tested whether genome-wide significant risk variants for MDD could be identified in cases subdivided by age at onset. METHODS: Discovery case-control genome-wide association studies were performed where cases were stratified using increasing/decreasing age-at-onset cutoffs; significant single nucleotide polymorphisms were tested in nine independent replication samples, giving a total sample of 22,158 cases and 133,749 control subjects for subsetting. Polygenic score analysis was used to examine whether differences in shared genetic risk exists between earlier and adult-onset MDD with commonly comorbid disorders of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, Alzheimer's disease, and coronary artery disease. RESULTS: We identified one replicated genome-wide significant locus associated with adult-onset (>27 years) MDD (rs7647854, odds ratio: 1.16, 95% confidence interval: 1.11-1.21, p = 5.2 x 10(-11)). Using polygenic score analyses, we show that earlier-onset MDD is genetically more similar to schizophrenia and bipolar disorder than adult-onset MDD. CONCLUSIONS: We demonstrate that using additional phenotype data previously collected by genetic studies to tackle phenotypic heterogeneity in MDD can successfully lead to the discovery of genetic risk factor despite reduced sample size. Furthermore, our results suggest that the genetic susceptibility to MDD differs between adult-and earlier-onset MDD, with earlier-onset cases having a greater genetic overlap with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
The Consortium on Health and Ageing: Network of Cohorts in Europe and the United States (CHANCES) project-design, population and data harmonization of a large-scale, international study; There is a public health demand to prevent health conditions which lead to increased morbidity and mortality among the rapidly-increasing elderly population. Data for the incidence of such conditions exist in cohort studies worldwide, which, however, differ in various aspects. The Consortium on Health and Ageing: Network of Cohorts in Europe and the United States (CHANCES) project aims at harmonizing data from existing major longitudinal studies for the elderly whilst focussing on cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus, cancer, fractures and cognitive impairment in order to estimate their prevalence, incidence and cause-specific mortality, and identify lifestyle, socioeconomic, and genetic determinants and biomarkers for the incidence of and mortality from these conditions. A survey instrument assessing ageing-related conditions of the elderly will be also developed. Fourteen cohort studies participate in CHANCES with 683,228 elderly (and 150,210 deaths), from 23 European and three non-European countries. So far, 287 variables on health conditions and a variety of exposures, including biomarkers and genetic data have been harmonized. Different research hypotheses are investigated with meta-analyses. The results which will be produced can help international organizations, governments and policy-makers to better understand the broader implications and consequences of ageing and thus make informed decisions.
Relationship Between Genetic Polymorphisms of Methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase (C677T, A1298C, and G1793A) as Risk Factors for Idiopathic Male Infertility; Objective: The human methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) gene plays a crucial role in folate metabolism. Data regarding the influence of MTHFR gene polymorphisms on male fertility status are scarce and conflicting. We determined associations between 3 MTHFR gene polymorphisms (C677T, A1298C, and G1793A), serum folate, and total homocysteine (tHcy) levels, with male fertility status and semen parameters. Methods: MTHFR genotypes were determined using polymerase chain reaction restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RLFP) technique and serum tHcy, folate, and vitamin B12 concentrations were measured in 164 men with idiopathic infertility and 328 healthy participants. Results: There was a significant difference in genotype frequency distribution of MTHFR C677T polymorphism between infertile patients and controls (P = .004). The 677T allele carriers (TC or TT) had a significantly increased risk of infertility compared with the CC homozygotes (odds ratio [OR] 1.60, 95% confidence interval [Cl] 1.21-2.75, and OR = 2.68, 95% Cl = 1.84-3.44, respectively), in a logistic regression model after adjustment for confounding factors. Men with the 677T, 1298C, and 1793G alleles showed significantly higher serum tHcy and lower folate levels (all Ps < .01). We found a positive correlation between serum folate concentrations and sperm density (r = .74, P = .001), percentage of sperm with progressive motility (r = .68, P = .001), as well as percentage of sperm with normal morphology (r = .72, P = .001). Conclusion: MTHFR C677T polymorphism is associated with an increased risk of idiopathic male infertility. Further study on the biologic role that this polymorphism plays in the development of infertility may lead to better understanding of the etiology of impaired spermatogenesis.
Correlates of clinical Restenosis following intracoronary implantation of drug-eluting stents; Despite significant decreases in restenosis and repeated intervention achieved using drug-eluting stents (DESs), the benefit has not been homogenous across all patient and lesion subsets. Identification of correlates of DES restenosis may allow a differing management approach and lead to improved patient outcomes. The study population consisted of 3,535 consecutive patients (5,046 lesions) who underwent successful sirolimus- or paclitaxel-eluting stent implantation for >= 1 native coronary artery or bypass graft lesion from April 2003 to September 2006. From this cohort, 197 patients (237 lesions) were identified to have in-stent restenosis (ISR) requiring revascularization within 12 months of stent implantation. This group was compared with the remainder of the patient population. Logistic regression analysis was performed to identify independent predictors of DES ISR. Independent correlates of DES ISR using multivariate analysis included both clinical and procedural factors. Clinical predictors were age, hypertension, and unstable angina. Procedural predictors were left anterior descending artery intervention, number of stents implanted, stented length/lesion, and lack of intravascular ultrasound guidance. Implantation of >= 3 stents was associated with a significantly higher restenosis risk (9.7% vs 5.1%; p = 0.0003). A 10-mm increase in stented length was associated with an adjusted odds ratio of 1.18 (95% confidence interval 1.03 to 1.35). Diabetes, stent diameter, and stent type were found not to be predictive of DES ISR. In conclusion, correlates of DES ISR included both clinical and procedural factors. Limiting the number of stents and stented length, in addition to intravascular ultrasound guidance, may minimize DES ISR. (c) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Novel Technique of Advancing the Rotational Atherectomy Device: "Single-Operator" Technique; Objective. We report the clinical outcomes of the "single-operator" technique, whereby the operator both advances the rotational atherectomy (RA) device and keeps the distal wire in place. Background. Severely calcified lesions are associated with increased ischemic complications during percutaneous coronary intervention. RA, which utilizes a differential cutting mechanism of action for plaque modification, is a valuable treatment option for patients with severely calcified vessels prior to stent implantation. Reasons that may explain the underutilization include lack of operator experience and the availability of a skilled assistant to maintain wire position while the operator advances the device to the lesion. Loss of wire position can lead to increased procedural and fluoroscopic times. Methods. In a prospective single-center study, a total of 67 consecutive patients underwent RA from July 2012 to June 2015. The primary endpoint was successful delivery of the RA device to the lesion without losing wire position with procedural success. Results. The primary endpoint was met in 100% of the patients. The 30-day major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular event rate was 6.0%, all due to non-fatal myocardial infarction. There was no cardiac death, target lesion revascularization, stroke, stent thrombosis, perforation, or flow-limiting dissection. Five patients had slow flow, but resolved with intracoronary vasodilator therapy and achieved TIMI grade 3 flow. Conclusion. RA can be performed successfully without a skilled assistant to maintain wire position during advancement of the burr, and the absence of an assistant should therefore not eliminate the performance of RA.
Stroke etiology and collaterals: atheroembolic strokes have greater collateral recruitment than cardioembolic strokes; Background and purpose: Chronic hypoperfusion from athero-stenotic lesions is thought to lead to better collateral recruitment compared to cardioembolic strokes. It was sought to compare collateral flow in stroke patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) versus stroke patients with cervical atherosclerotic steno-occlusive disease (CASOD). Method: This was a retrospective review of a prospectively collected endovascular database. Patients with (i) anterior circulation large vessel occlusion stroke, (ii) pre-treatment computed tomography angiography (CTA) and (iii) intracranial embolism from AF or CASOD were included. CTA collateral patterns were evaluated and categorized into two groups: absent/poor collaterals (CTA collateral score 0-1) versus moderate/good collaterals (CTA collateral score 2-4). CT perfusion was also utilized for baseline core volume and evaluation of infarct growth. Results: A total of 122 patients fitted the inclusion criteria, of whom 88 (72%) had AF and 34 (27%) CASOD. Patients with AF were older (P < 0.01) and less often males or smokers (P = 0.04 and P < 0.01 respectively). Baseline National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale and Alberta Stroke Program Early CT Score were comparable between groups. Collateral scores were lower in the AF group (P = 0.01) with patients having poor collaterals in 28% of cases versus 9% in the CASOD group (P = 0.03). Mortality rates (20% vs. 0%; P = 0.02) were higher in the AF patients whilst rates of any parenchymal hemorrhage (6% vs. 26%; P < 0.01) were higher in the CASOD group. On multivariable analysis, CASOD was an independent predictor of moderate/good collaterals (odds ratio 4.70; 95% confidence interval 1.17-18.79; P = 0.03). Conclusions: Atheroembolic strokes seem to be associated with better collateral flow compared to cardioembolic strokes. This may in part explain the worse outcomes of AF-related stroke.
Physiology and pathophysiology of oxLDL uptake by vascular wall cells in atherosclerosis; Atherosclerosis is a progressive disease in which endothelial cell dysfunction, macrophage foam cell formation, and smooth muscle cell migration and proliferation, lead to the loss of vascular homeostasis. Oxidized low-density lipoprotein (oxLDL) may play a pre-eminent function in atherosclerotic lesion formation, even if their role is still debated. Several types of scavenger receptors (SRs) such as SR-AI/II, SRBI, CD36, lectin-like oxidized low-density lipoprotein receptor-1 (LOX-1), toll-like receptors (TLRs) and others can promote the internalization of oxLDL. They are expressed on the surface of vascular wall cells (endothelial cells, macrophages and smooth muscle cells) and they mediate the cellular effects of oxLDL. The key influence of both oxLDL and SRs on the atherogenic process has been established in atherosclerosis prone animals, in which antioxidant treatment and/or silencing of SRs has been shown to reduce atherogenesis. Despite some discrepancies, the indication from cohort studies that there is an association between oxLDL and cardiovascular (CV) events seems to point toward a role for oxLDL in atherosclerotic plaque progress and disruption. Finally, randomized clinical trials using antioxidants have demonstrated benefits only in high-risk patients, suggesting that additional proofs are still needed to better define the involvement of each type of modified LDL in the development of atherosclerosis. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Protocol of the Febuxostat versus Allopurinol Streamlined Trial (FAST): a large prospective, randomised, open, blinded endpoint study comparing the cardiovascular safety of allopurinol and febuxostat in the management of symptomatic hyperuricaemia; Introduction: Gout affects 2.5% of the UK's adult population and is now the most common type of inflammatory arthritis. The long-term management of gout requires reduction of serum urate levels and this is most often achieved with use of xanthine oxidase inhibitors, such as allopurinol. Febuxostat is the first new xanthine oxidase inhibitor since allopurinol and was licensed for use in 2008. The European Medicines Agency requested a postlicensing cardiovascular safety study of febuxostat versus allopurinol, which has been named the Febuxostat versus Allopurinol Streamlined trial (FAST). Methods and analysis: FAST is a cardiovascular safety study using the prospective, randomised, open, blinded endpoint design. FAST is recruiting in the UK and Denmark. Recruited patients are aged over 60 years, prescribed allopurinol for symptomatic hyperuricaemia and have at least one additional cardiovascular risk factor. After an allopurinol lead-in phase where the dose of allopurinol is optimised to achieve European League against Rheumatism (EULAR) urate targets (serum urate <357 mu mol/L), patients are randomised to either continue optimal dose allopurinol or to use febuxostat. Patients are followed-up for an average of 3 years. The primary endpoint is first occurrence of the Anti-Platelet Trialists' Collaboration (APTC) cardiovascular endpoint of non-fatal myocardial infarction, non-fatal stroke or cardiovascular death. Secondary endpoints are all cause mortality and hospitalisations for heart failure, unstable, new or worsening angina, coronary or cerebral revascularisation, transient ischaemic attack, non-fatal cardiac arrest, venous and peripheral arterial vascular thrombotic event and arrhythmia with no evidence of ischaemia. The primary analysis is a non-inferiority analysis with a non-inferiority upper limit for the HR for the primary outcome of 1.3. Ethics and dissemination: FAST (ISRCTN72443728) has ethical approval in the UK and Denmark, and results will be published in a peer reviewed journal.
Hospital financial condition and operational decisions related, to the quality of hospital care; Financial pressure mounted for hospitals nationwide during the late 1990s. Our study examines how this affected the quality of their operations in terms of organizational infrastructure, and processes that support the delivery of care. Our sample consisted of community hospitals operating between 1995 and 2000. Financial pressure was measured based on changes in net patient revenues per adjusted patient day and the ratio of cash flow to total revenues. The authors examined effects on hospital investments in plant and. equipment and on hospital standards compliance with selected Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organization performance areas. The results suggest that increasing financial pressures did lead to cutbacks in these areas. These findings suggest the importance of looking broadly across hospital operations to identify factors that may contribute to poor patient outcomes. Given the findings of earlier studies, these results suggest that poor outcomes may in part result from deterioration in supporting infrastructure and organizational processes.
Association Between Hypoglycemia and Dementia in a Biracial Cohort of Older Adults With Diabetes Mellitus; IMPORTANCE Hypoglycemia commonly occurs in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) and may negatively influence cognitive performance. Cognitive impairment in turn can compromise DM management and lead to hypoglycemia. OBJECTIVE To prospectively evaluate the association between hypoglycemia and dementia in a biracial cohort of older adults with DM. DESIGN AND SETTING Prospective population-based study. PARTICIPANTS We studied 783 older adults with DM (mean age, 74.0 years; 47.0% of black race/ethnicity; and 47.6% female) who were participating in the prospective population-based Health, Aging, and Body Composition Study beginning in 1997 and who had baseline Modified Mini-Mental State Examination scores of 80 or higher. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES Dementia diagnosis was determined during the follow-up period from hospital records indicating an admission associated with dementia or the use of prescribed dementia medications. Hypoglycemic events were determined during the follow-up period by hospital records. RESULTS During the 12-year follow-up period, 61 participants (7.8%) had a reported hypoglycemic event, and 148 (18.9%) developed dementia. Those who experienced a hypoglycemic event had a 2-fold increased risk for developing dementia compared with those who did not have a hypoglycemic event (34.4% vs 17.6%, P < .001; multivariate-adjusted hazard ratio, 2.1; 95% CI, 1.0-4.4). Similarly, older adults with DM who developed dementia had a greater risk for having a subsequent hypoglycemic event compared with participants who did not develop dementia (14.2% vs 6.3%, P < .001; multivariate-adjusted hazard ratio, 3.1; 95% CI, 1.5-6.6). Further adjustment for stroke, hypertension, myocardial infarction, and cognitive change scores produced similar results. CONCLUSION AND RELEVANCE Among older adults with DM, there seems to be a bidirectional association between hypoglycemia and dementia.
Medical complications experienced by a cohort of stroke survivors during inpatient, tertiary-level stroke rehabilitation; Objective: To identify the most common medical complications experienced by stroke survivors during inpatient, tertiary-level stroke rehabilitation. Design: Prospective, descriptive analysis. Setting: A tertiary-level, 23-bed, inpatient stroke rehabilitation unit in Nova Scotia, Canada. Participants: All stroke survivors (N=133) admitted for tertiary-level stroke rehabilitation during a 1-year period. Interventions: Not applicable. Main Outcome Measures: The attending physiatrist determined the presence or absence of specific complications during the interdisciplinary team conference held during the week of discharge for each patient. Results: The 4 most common medical complications were depression (26%), shoulder pain (24%), falls (20%), and urinary tract infection (UTI) (15%). Other less common complications included back and hip pain (5%), gastrointestinal disturbances (4%), and pneumonia (2%). Seizures, pressure ulcers, and shoulder-hand syndrome each occurred in 1.5% of the population. Conclusions: Depression, shoulder pain, falls, and UTIs are common complications experienced by stroke survivors during inpatient rehabilitation. Heightened awareness of these potential complications may lead to prevention or to earlier recognition and improved management of these conditions.
Catheter ablation of ventricular tachycardia in ischaemic and non-ischaemic cardiomyopathy: where are we today? A clinical review; According to the current guidelines, patients with ischaemic cardiomyopathy (ICM) or non-ischaemic cardiomyopathy (NICM) at risk for sudden cardiac death should undergo implantation of an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD). Although ICDs effectively terminate ventricular arrhythmias, the arrhythmogenic substrate remains unchanged or may progress over time, resulting in recurrent ICD shocks. Defibrillator shocks increase mortality and worsen quality of life. Evidence from two prospective randomized trials on outcome in patients with ischaemic heart disease undergoing catheter ablation for ventricular tachycardia (VT) suggests that ablation prevents recurrence of VT and decreases the number of ICD shocks. This review will highlight the recent progress made in the ablative treatment of VT in patients with ICM and NICM.
Incidence of DWI-positive stroke in patients with vertigo of unclear etiology, preliminary results; Background: Acute vertigo may be secondary to stroke or to non-ischemic causes. Accurate identification of vertigo secondary to ischemia may lead to appropriate timely intervention that can minimize stroke-related damage and can help in tailoring the most appropriate individual therapy for affected patients. Diffusion weighted MRI (DWI) is very accurate for diagnosing stroke and we therefore aimed to test whether it can aid in making a correct diagnosis of vertigo secondary to stroke. Methods: All patients presenting with vertigo in which the diagnosis of stroke was considered underwent DWI only MRI. Data regarding the symptoms and neurological deficits, vascular risk factors, imaging findings, and outcomes was accrued. Patients with stroke on DWI were compared with those without ischemia. Results: Between June 2010 and August 2011, 28 patients fulfilling the entry criteria were identified with a mean age of 62.2 +/- 12.8 (60% male). The final diagnosis was stroke in 11 patients (39%). Patients with stroke did not differ from those without stroke in their risk factor profile. However, patients with stroke more often tended to present with vertigo accompanied by other neurological symptoms (73% versus 12% respectively, P=0.001). After adjusting for age and the presence of diabetes, the presence of multiple symptoms remained the only variable that was associated with a positive DWI scan (odds ratio: 30: 95% confidence interval: 2.6-349). Most patients with stroke had very mild strokes with a median admission NIHSS score of 3 and DWI lesion volumes > 2 cm were found in only three patients. Most stroke patients made a good recovery (modified Rankin score <= 2 in seven of nine patients with 90 day data). The most common diagnosis in patients without stroke was of vertigo of peripheral origin (14/17). Conclusions: DWI only MRI can be used to rapidly screen patients presenting with vertigo and suspected vertebrobasilar stroke. The occurrence of vertigo in combination with other focal neurological symptoms may increase the accuracy of stroke diagnosis but is not sensitive or specific enough. Combining clinical presentation patterns with DWI data may enable rapid decision making as to treatment options.
Racial/Ethnic Disparities in Emergency Department Waiting Time for Stroke Patients in the United States; Emergency department waiting time (EDWT), the time from arrival at the ED to evaluation by an emergency physician, is a critical component of acute stroke care. We assessed racial/ethnic differences in EDWT in a national sample of patients with ischemic or hemorrhagic stroke. We identified 543 ED visits for ischemic stroke (International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification [ICD-9-CM] codes 433.xl, 434.xx, and 436.xx) and hemorrhagic stroke (ICD-9-CM codes 430.xx, 431.xx, and 432.xx) in persons age >= 18 years representing 2.1 million stroke-related ED visits in the United States using the National Hospital Ambulatory Medical Care Survey for years 1997-2000 and 2003-2005. Using linear rgression (outcome, log-transformed EDWT) and logistic regression (outcome, EDWT >10 minutes, based on National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke guidelines), we adjusted associations between EDWT and race/ethnicity (non-Hispanic whites [designated whites herein], non-Hispanic blacks [blacks], and Hispanics) for age, sex, region, mode of transportation, insurance, hospital characteristics, triage status, hospital admission, stroke type, and survey year. Compared with whites, blacks had a longer EDWT in univariate analysis (67% longer, P = .03) and multivariate analysis (62% longer, P = .03), but Hispanics had a similar EDWT in both univariate analysis (31% longer, P = .65) and multivariate analysis (5% longer, P = .91). Longer EDWT was also seen with nonambulance mode of arrival, urban hospitals, or nonemergency triage. Race was significantly associated with EDWT >10 minutes (whites, 55% [referent]; blacks, 70% [P = .03]; Hispanics, 62% [P = .53]). These differences persisted after adjustment (blacks: odds ratio [OR] = 2.08, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.05-4.09; Hispanics: OR = 1.07, 95% Cl = 0.52-2.22). Blacks, but not Hispanics, had significantly longer EDWT than whites. The longer EDWT in black stroke patients may lead to treatment delays and sub-optimal stroke care.
Effects of successful parathyroidectomy on altered arterial reactivity in patients with hypercalcaemia: results of a 3-year follow-up study; OBJECTIVE Serum calcium was found to be an independent, prospective risk factor for myocardial infarction. We have previously shown that altered arterial reactivity in the course of primary hyperparathyroidism, a disease characterized by hypercalcaemia, may predominantly involve the arterial media and not the endothelium as observed in patients with various stages of atherosclerosis. The present study was performed to test whether successful parathyroidectomy can improve vascular reactivity in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism. SUBJECTS AND DESIGN Endothelium-dependent, flow-mediated and endothelium-independent, nitroglycerin-induced dilatation were assessed by brachial artery ultrasound (7 MHz) in 18 patients with primary hyperparathyroidism (mean +/- SD; age, 55.1 +/- 12.6) prior to and 3 years after successful parathyroidectomy. RESULTS Parathyroidectomy resulted in significant decreases of PTH (242 +/- 186 vs. 34 +/- 24 ng/l, P = 0.0001) and serum calcium levels (2.8 +/- 0.3 vs. 2.4 +/- 0.1 mm/l, P = 0.00001) and in an increase of serum phosphate levels (0.78 +/- 0.23 vs. 1.17 +/- 0.18 mm/l, P = 0.00001). However, normalization of hormone and electrolyte levels did not lead to an improvement of flow-mediated dilatation (12.1 +/- 3.1 vs. 11.0 +/- 5.4&, P = 0.49) or nitroglycerin-induced dilatation (12.5 +/- 3.1 vs. 13.2 +/- 6.8%, P = 0.68) within the follow-up period. No changes were observed with respect to the risk factor profile, vessel size and blood flow. CONCLUSION These data suggest that restoration of normocalcaemia by parathyroidectomy cannot improve vascular reactivity in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism but may prevent further progression of vascular disease within this period of time.
Significance of low hematocrit levels in asymptomatic young adults: Results of 15 years follow-up; Hypothesis: Periodic complete blood counts are not recommended for disease prevention in low-risk non-pregnant adults. Consequently, there are few follow-up studies of the prevalence of incidentally detected anemia in asymptomatic subjects and its significance for their well-being. The objective of this survey is to determine the frequency of anemia and its predictive value for disease over a 15-yr annual follow-up of a cohort of asymptomatic young males, selected for physical fitness and intelligence. Methods: One thousand Israeli airmen aged 18-30 yr at entry into this historical-prospective study in 1968 were used as subjects. Hematocrit (Hct) levels were examined annually. On the average each subject had 13.2 tests in the course of the 15 yr follow-up. We arbitrarily defined anemia as a Her of 40% or less on two or more tests, and compared the prevalence of diagnosed disorders in subjects with and without anemia. Results: During follow-up, anemia was found in 125 (12.5%) of the subjects. On successive annual examinations of the same individual Hct levels varied by 3% or more in 3.5% of those without anemia, and in 10.5% of those with anemia. The frequency of diagnosed disorders, excluding inter-current infections and trauma, was 25.6% and 10.9% among those with and without anemia, respectively (OR = 2.8, 95% CI 1.8-4.6). Anemia was associated with inflammatory bowel disease (OR = 12.1, 95% CI 2.3-78.6) and malignancy (OR = 3.6, 95% CI 1.1-10.7). It preceded diagnosis only in one case with Waldenstr 246 m's macroglobulinemia, in one case of inflammatory bower disease and two cases of myocardial infarction. Conclusions: A finding of anemia doubled the likelihood of chronic disease. However, it had a limited predictive value for subsequent morbidity and did not lead to detection of treatable disorders or to disorders that might otherwise have endangered flight safety. Fluctuations of up to 3% in Hct over time may be viewed as normal in young males.
Cytom.egalovirus Serostatus as Predictor for Adverse Events After Cardiac Surgery: A Prospective Observational Study; Objective: To clarify whether reactivated cytomegalovirus (CMV) infections in critically ill patients lead to worse outcome or. just identify more severely ill patients. If CMV has a pathogenic role, latently infected (CMV-seropositive) patients should have worse outcome than seronegative patients because only seropositive patients can experience a CMV reactivation. Design: Post-hoc analysis of a prospective observational study. Setting: Single university hospital. Participants: The study comprised 983 consecutive patients scheduled for on-pump surgery. Interventions: None. Measurements and Main Results: CMV antibodies were analyzed in preoperative plasma samples. Postoperative adverse events (reintubation, low cardiac output or reinfarction, dialysis, stroke) and 30-day and I-year mortality were evaluated prospectively. The plasma of reintubated patients and matched control patients was tested for CMV deoxyribonucleic acid, and 618 patients were found to be seropositive for CMV (63%). Among these, the risk for reintubation was increased (10% v 4%, p = 0.001). This increase remained significant after correction for confounding factors (odds ratio 2.70, p = 0.003) and was detectable from the third postoperative day throughout the whole postoperative period. Other outcome parameters were not different. Reintubated seropositive patients were more frequently CMV deoxyribonucleic acid-positive than were matched control patients (40% v 8%, p < 0.001). Conclusions: CMV-seropositive patients had an increased risk of reintubation after cardiac surgery, which was associated with reactivations of their CMV infections. Additional studies should determine whether this complication may be prevented by monitoring of latently infected patients and administering antiviral treatment for reactivated CMV infections. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Left ventricular systolic dysfunction in outpatients with peripheral atherosclerotic vascular disease: prevalence and association with location of arterial disease; AimsWe aimed to determine the prevalence of left ventricular systolic dysfunction (LVSD) in outpatients with peripheral atherosclerotic vascular disease (PAVD). Further, the associations of stenotic internal carotid artery disease (SICAD) and lower extremity artery disease (LEAD) with LVSD were evaluated. Methods and resultsIn the Peripheral Artery Disease in Vastmanland study, consecutive outpatients with ultrasonographically identified mild to severe stenosis in the internal carotid artery or symptoms of claudication combined with either ankle brachial index of 0.90 or ultrasonographic occlusive findings were included (n=437). Population-based control subjects were matched to the patients (n=395). LVSD was defined as echocardiographically determined left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) <55%, and moderate or greater LVSD was defined as LVEF <45%. The prevalence of LVSD was significantly greater in patients than in controls (13.7% vs. 6.1%, P<0.001). The prevalence of moderate or greater LVSD in participants not on treatment with a combination of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor and beta-blocker was 2.3% in patients and 1.3% in controls (P=0.31). When LEAD and SICAD were analysed together, adjusted for potential confounders, SICAD [odds ratio (OR) 2.54, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.03-6.32], but not LEAD (OR 1.59, 95% CI 0.80-3.18), was independently associated with LVSD. ConclusionsIn outpatients with PAVD, we found a 13.7% prevalence of LVSD. However, the prevalence of at least moderate LVSD in patients not on treatment with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor and a beta-blocker was only 2.3% and not significantly different from controls. Stenotic artery disease in the internal carotid artery, but not in the lower extremities, was independently associated with LVSD.
Usefulness of electrocardiographic parameters as compared with computed tomography measures of left atrial volume enlargement: from the ROMICAT trial; Introduction: The 12-lead surface electrocardiogram (ECG) is commonly used as a noninvasive modality to assess for left atrial enlargement (LAE), but data comparing ECG against cardiac computed tomography (CT) for LAE is lacking. We aimed to determine the diagnostic performance of 6 ECG criteria for LAE as compared with CT left atrial volume (LAV) and index to body surface area (LAVI) as the reference standard. Materials and Methods: In 339 patients (age: mean +/- mean, 53 +/- 12 years; 63% male), we evaluated the quantitative ECG parameters of P duration, P to PR segment ratio, P wave area, and P terminal force in lead VI. We also assessed qualitatively the morphology of bifid and biphasic P waves. Patients were stratified into top and lowest quartile of LAV and LAVI by CT. Results: Of the 6 ECG criteria, patients with P duration greater than 110 milliseconds had a 2 1/2-fold increase likelihood of being in the top quartile of LAV (adjusted odds ratio [OR], 2.51; P = .01) and LAVI (adjusted OR, 2.74; P = .007) as measured by CT. For this ECG criterion, the sensitivity and specificity were 71% and 55% for CT LAE by LAV and 61% and 55% for LAVI. The remaining ECG parameters of LAE assessed (P to PR segment ratio, P terminal force in lead VI, P wave area, bifid, and biphasic P wave) were not associated with LAE by CT-based LAV or LAVI (all P >= .20). Discussion: Only P duration greater than 110 milliseconds was independently associated with LAE based on CT-derived LA volume and index. However, none of the established ECG parameters of LAE have sufficient diagnostic accuracies for predicting volumetric enlargement by CT, thus limiting its clinical utility. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Colchicine Treatment for the Prevention of Bare-Metal Stent Restenosis in Diabetic Patients; Objectives This study sought to test the hypothesis that colchicine treatment after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) can lead to a decrease in in-stent restenosis (ISR). Background ISR rates are particularly high in certain patient subsets, including diabetic patients, especially when a bare-metal stent (BMS) is used. Pharmacological interventions to decrease ISR could be of clinical relevance. Methods Diabetic patients with contraindication to a drug-eluting stent, undergoing PCI with a BMS, were randomized to receive colchicine 0.5 mg twice daily or placebo for 6 months. Restenosis and neointima formation were studied with angiography and intravascular ultrasound 6 months after the index PCI. Results A total of 196 patients (63.6 +/- 7.0 years of age, 128 male) were available for analysis. The angiographic ISR rate was 16% in the colchicine group and 33% in the control group (p = 0.007; odds ratio: 0.38, 95% confidence interval: 0.18 to 0.79). The number needed to treat to avoid 1 case of angiographic ISR was 6 (95% confidence interval: 3.4 to 18.7). The results were similar for IVUS-defined ISR (odds ratio: 0.42; 95% confidence interval: 0.22 to 0.81; number needed to treat = 5). Lumen area loss was 1.6 mm(2) (interquartile range: 1.0 to 2.9 mm(2)) in colchicine-treated patients and 2.9 mm(2) (interquartile range: 1.4 to 4.8 mm(2)) in the control group (p = 0.002). Treatment-related adverse events were largely limited to gastrointestinal symptoms. Conclusions Colchicine is associated with less neointimal hyperplasia and a decreased ISR rate when administered to diabetic patients after PCI with a BMS. This observation may prove useful in patients undergoing PCI in whom implantation of a drug-eluting stent is contraindicated or undesirable. (J Am Coll Cardiol 2013; 61: 1679-85) (C) 2013 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation
The current status of myocardial revascularization: Changing trends and risk factor analysis; From November 1989 to December 1994, we performed 2264 bypass procedures. Data were collected prospectively. The population was divided into three subgroups: group 1 = single internal mammary artery (IMA) +/- veins (n = 1584); group 2 = veins only (n = 503); and group 3 = two or more arterial conduits +/- veins (n = 177). Patients who received only saphenous vein conduits (group 2) were significantly older (66.7 +/- 8.9 years) than either group 1 (60.3 +/- 8.3 years) or group 3 (51.6 +/- 9.2 years). Furthermore, this cohort group had the highest percentage of females (28.5%), urgent cases (43.5%), preoperative myocardial infarction (MI) (18.5%), and redo surgery (5.4%). In contrast, patients who received two or more arterial conduits were 94.9% male, and had the lowest incidence of urgent cases (18.1%) and redo surgery (0.5%). Mortality was 1.4% in group 1 and 3.2% in group 2; there were no deaths in group 3. Furthermore, group 2 patients had the highest incidence of perioperative MI (6.6%), low output syndrome (22.1%), intra-aortic balloon pump (IABP) assist (6.2%), and stroke (2.7%). By multivariate logistic regression analysis (odds ratio in parentheses), redo surgery (7.92), preoperative IABP (5.53), poor LV function (4.01), renal impairment (3.94), and advanced age (2.12) were all predictors of operative mortality. When mortality and morbidity (death, infarction, low output syndrome, IABP assist) were combined, regression analysis revealed that in addition to the above variables, female gender and cold cardioplegia were also independent predictors of combined mortality and morbidity. Resource utilization was determined far the three patient groups. There was concern that the increased technical demands of multiple arterial grafting along with longer periods of aortic occlusion and pump times may lead to increased complications and prolonged hospital stay. However, we found that group 3 had the lowest ventilation time, intensive care unit stay, and hospital stay. The results no doubt were influenced by case selection. Whether or not this approach to revascularization will increase long-term survival and freedom from reoperation will require further study.
Ethnic differences in markers of thrombophilia - Implications for the investigation of ischemic stroke in multiethnic populations: The South London Ethnicity and Stroke Study; Background and Purpose-The role of hypercoagulable states in the pathogenesis of ischemic stroke in black subjects is not known, and data on normal reference ranges in black populations are lacking. This study estimated ethnic-specific reference ranges in a community population to determine the prevalence of thrombophilic states in a multiethnic stroke population. Methods-Free protein S, protein C, antithrombin III, activated protein C resistance, IgG anticardiolipin antibodies, and lupus anticoagulant were determined in 130 consecutive ischemic stroke cases less than or equal to65 years of age (50 black Caribbeans, 30 black Africans, 50 whites) and 130 community controls. Results-Black African controls had significantly lower protein S (P<0.001) and protein C (P=0.049) and a trend toward lower antithrombin III (P=0.056) levels compared with white controls. Black Caribbean and African controls had higher diluted Russell's viper venom time ratios compared with whites (P=0.001, P<0.001). Using ethnic-specific reference ranges, 8 controls (6.3%) and 11 cases (8.5%) had thrombophilia abnormalities (odds ratio [OR], 1.39; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.54 to 3.57; P=0.50). ORs were 0.96 (95% CI, 0.18 to 4.99; P=0.96) for whites, 1.57 ( 95% CI, 0.41 to 5.94; P=0.51) for black Caribbeans, and 2.07 (95% CI, 0.18 to 24.2; P=0.95) for black Africans. Conclusions-Failure to account for ethnic differences in the normal reference ranges for thrombophilia markers may lead to inappropriate diagnosis and investigation of hypercoagulable states in black individuals. Protein S and protein C deficiencies and lupus anticoagulant may contribute to stroke risk in a minority of black cases, but they are unlikely to be major contributors to the excess stroke risk seen in young individuals of African and African-Caribbean descent.
Significant variation in mortality and functional outcome after acute ischaemic stroke between western countries: data from the tinzaparin in acute ischaemic stroke trial (TAIST); Background: The medical care of patients with acute stroke varies considerably between countries. This could lead to measurable differences in mortality and functional outcome. Objective: To compare case mix, clinical management, and functional outcome in stroke between 11 countries. Methods: All 1484 patients from 11 countries who were enrolled into the tinzaparin in acute ischaemic stroke trial (TAIST) were included in this substudy. Information collected prospectively on demographics, risk factors, clinical features, measures of service quality (for example, admission to a stroke unit), and outcome were assessed. Outcomes were adjusted for treatment assignment, case mix, and service relative to the British Isles. Results: Differences in case mix (mostly minor) and clinical service (many of prognostic relevance) were present between the countries. Significant differences in outcome were present between the countries. When assessed by geographical region, death or dependency were lower in North America (odds ratio (OR) adjusted for treatment group only = 0.52 (95% confidence interval, 0.39 to 0.71) and north west Europe (OR = 0.54 (0.37 to 0.78)) relative to the British Isles; similar reductions were found when adjustments were made for 11 case mix variables and five service quality measures. Similarly, case fatality rates were lower in North America (OR = 0.44 (0.30 to 0.66)) and Scandinavia (OR = 0.50 (0.33 to 0.74)) relative to the British Isles, whether crude or adjusted for case mix and service quality. Conclusions: Both functional outcome and case fatality vary considerably between countries, even when adjusted for prognostic case mix variables and measures of good stroke care. Differing health care systems and the management of patients with acute stroke may contribute to these findings.
Genetic Variation at 16q24.2 Is Associated With Small Vessel Stroke; Objective: Genome-wide association studies (GWAS) have been successful at identifying associations with stroke and stroke subtypes, but have not yet identified any associations solely with small vessel stroke (SVS). SVS comprises one quarter of all ischemic stroke and is a major manifestation of cerebral small vessel disease, the primary cause of vascular cognitive impairment. Studies across neurological traits have shown that younger-onset cases have an increased genetic burden. We leveraged this increased genetic burden by performing an age-at-onset informed GWAS metaanalysis, including a large younger-onset SVS population, to identify novel associations with stroke. Methods: We used a three-stage age-at-onset informed GWAS to identify novel genetic variants associated with stroke. On identifying a novel locus associated with SVS, we assessed its influence on other small vessel disease phenotypes, as well as on messenger RNA (mRNA) expression of nearby genes, and on DNA methylation of nearby CpG sites in whole blood and in the fetal brain. Results: We identified an association with SVS in 4,203 cases and 50,728 controls on chromosome 16q24.2 (odds ratio [OR; 95% confidence interval {CI}] = 1.16 [1.10-1.22]; p=3.2x10(-9)). The lead single-nucleotide polymorphism (rs12445022) was also associated with cerebral white matter hyperintensities (OR [95% CI] = 1.10 [1.05-1.16]; p=5.3x10(-5); N=3,670), but not intracerebral hemorrhage (OR [95% CI] 50.97 [0.84-1.12]; p=0.71; 1,545 cases, 1,481 controls). rs12445022 is associated with mRNA expression of ZCCHC14 in arterial tissues (p=9.4x10(-7)) and DNA methylation at probe cg16596957 in whole blood (p=5.3x10(-6)). Interpretation: 16q24.2 is associated with SVS. Associations of the locus with expression of ZCCHC14 and DNA methylation suggest the locus acts through changes to regulatory elements.
Factors associated with increased hospitalisation risk among nursing home residents in Sweden: a prospective study with a three-year follow-up; Background. Hospitalisation of nursing home residents might lead to deteriorating health. Aim. To evaluate physical and psychological factors associated with hospitalisation risk among nursing home residents. Design. Prospective study with three years of follow-up. Methods. Four hundred and twenty-nine Swedish nursing home residents, ages 65101 years, from 11 nursing homes in three municipalities were followed during three years. The participants' physical and psychological status was assessed at baseline. A Cox proportional hazards model was used to evaluate factors associated with hospitalisation risk using STATA. Results. Of the 429 participants, 196 (45.7%) were hospitalised at least once during the three-year follow-up period, and 109 (25.4%) during the first six months of the study. The most common causes of hospitalisation were cardiovascular diseases or complications due to falls. A Cox regression model showed that residents who have had previous falls (P < 0.001), are malnourished (P < 0.001), use a greater number of drugs (P < 0.001) and have more diseases (P < 0.001), are at an increased risk of hospitalisation. Conclusion. Nursing home residents are frequently hospitalised, often due to falls or cardiovascular diseases. Study results underscore the relationships between malnutrition, previous falls, greater numbers of drugs and diseases and higher risk of hospitalisation. Implications for practice. Preventive interventions aimed at malnutrition and falls at the nursing home could potentially reduce the number of hospitalisations. With improved education and support to nurses concerning risk assessment at the nursing homes, it may be possible to reduce the numbers of avoidable hospitalisation among nursing home residents and in the long run improve quality of life and reduce suffering.
ELECTROCARDIOGRAPHIC EVOLUTION OF POSTERIOR ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION - IMPORTANCE OF EARLY PRECORDIAL ST-SEGMENT DEPRESSION; Precordial ST-segment depression is typically observed in anterior non-Q-wave acute myocardial infarction (AMI), and is generally not regarded as an indication for acute thrombolytic therapy. Of 544 patients with creatine kinase (CK)-MB-confirmed non-Q-wave AMI randomized to the prospective multicenter Diltiazem Reinfarction Study, 50 patients (9.2%) had isolated precordial ST-segment depression of 1 mm or more in 2 or more contiguous precordial electrocardiographic leads (V1-V4). Serial  electrocardiograms recorded at study entry (mean 50.5 hours after onset of chest pain), on study day 2, study day 3 and at predischarge showed that in 23 of 50 patients (40%) electrocardiographic evidence of posterior AMI evolved defined as an R wave of 0.04 second or more in lead V1 and an R:S .gtoreq. 1 in lead V2. In 18 of these 23 patients (78%), posterior AMI had evolved by study day 3, and none had an abnormal reelevation of CK-MB (every 12-hour sampling) for up to 14 days of hospitalization. Compared with the remaining 27 patients who had electrocardiographic features of anterior non-Q-wave AMI only, the 23 with initial precordial ST-segment depression in whom posterior AMI developed had significantly higher mean peak CK values (1,051 .+-. 172 vs 663 .+-. 89 IU, p < 0.009) and greater mean precordial ST-segmented depression in lead V1 (0.28 vs + 0.19 mm, p = 0.01), in lead V2 (1.3 vs 0.26 mm, p = 0.003) and in lead V3 (2.0 vs 0.93 mm, p = 0.0004). All 23 patients in whom posterior AMI evolved had horizontal ST-segment depression and upright precordial T wave AMI had downsloping ST-segment depression with precordial T-wave inversion. Thus, precordial ST-segment depression with upright T waves is an early electrocardiographic harbinger of posterior AMI and may initially masquerade as a non-Q-wave anterior AMI. Electrocardiographic progression to posterior AMI is generally manifest by day 3 in approximately 80% of patients, and is associated with larger CK increases at entry. The significance of early ST-segment depression in leads V1-V4 of an evolving AMI may signify ischemia of the posterior wall. Because the electrocardiographic "current of injury" for early posterior AMI is projected as reciprocal precordial ST-segment elevation, such patients should be considered eligible for early thrombolytic therapy.
Diagnostic and therapeutic impact of ambulatory electrocardiography in acute stroke; Detection of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation (PAF) in patients with recent ischemic stroke or TIA suggests a cardioembolic etiology and leads to initiation of oral anticoagulation in suitable candidates. We assessed the diagnostic and therapeutic impact of adding ambulatory electrocardiography (24 hr ECG) to a standardised ischemic stroke workup. Methods : We measured the frequency of detection of PAF in consecutive stroke patients who underwent 24 hr ECG that was not diagnosed clinically or on a standard 12-lead ECG. Results : One hundred forty five ischemic stroke patients were included. 24 hr ECG was obtained in 136 patients (93.8%). Clinically unsuspected PAF was detected on 24 hr ECG in 7 patients (5.1). The secondary prevention measure changed from antiplatelet agents to oral anticoagulation in 6 of 7 patients. Conclusion : Our findings suggest that ambulatory electrocardiography is a valuable diagnostic tool in the workup of stroke patients. Further prospective studies are needed to identify subtypes of patients in whom the yield of ambulatory electrocardiography is higher.
Identifying Gaps in Health Research among Refugees Resettled in Canada; While the global number of resettled refugees rises annually, the summaries of research on refugee health needs in countries of asylum remain sparse. We conducted a systematic review of published research on refugee health in Canada in order to: (i) identify studies addressing health outcomes among refugees recently resettled in Canada; (ii) identify general trends in health research conducted in Canada among refugee populations; (iii) identify significant gaps in current knowledge of health-related issues among refugees recently resettled in Canada; (iv) evaluate the quality and consistency of available information; (v) develop a summary of available research results; and (vi) identify priorities for future research. A search of several major citation indices resulted in the analysis of 196 research reports after reviewing more than 5,000 articles. This review is timely, systematic and inclusive; furthermore, potential biases in methodology are clearly assessed. The results indicate an immediate need to address specific gaps in health knowledge for refugee populations and lead us to draw five primary conclusions. First, mental health outcomes dominate the research landscape. Second, cross-sectional studies are most commonly the study design of choice. Third, studies examining some aspect of health among refugees from Asia dominate the literature. Fourth, there is a notable lack of information on cardiovascular diseases and its antecedents. Fifth, indications show that screenings for pre-existing conditions are biased towards communicable diseases. These findings have implications for health monitoring, evaluation and policy affecting the health of refugees resettled in Canada and elsewhere.
Long-term cerebral thromboembolic complications of transapical endocardial resynchronization therapy; Purpose Cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT) is an established therapeutic option in selected heart failure patients (pts). However, the transvenous left ventricular (LV) lead implantation remains ineffectual in a considerable number of pts. Transapical LV (TALV) lead implantation is an alternative minimally invasive, surgical, endocardial implantation technique. The aim of the present prospective study is to determine the long-term outcome, including the cerebral thromboembolic complications, of pts who underwent TALV lead placement. Methods Twenty-six CRT candidates (19 men (78 %); mean age 61 +/- 10 years) with a previously failed transvenous approach underwent TALV lead placement as a last resort therapy. The following data was collected: mortality rate, reoperation rate, and cerebrovascular event rate. Patients underwent a cerebral CT scan to determine any possible cerebrovascular event related to the presence of the TALV lead. Results Eleven out of 26 (47 %) patients survived after a median follow-up of 40 +/- 24.5 months. Major acute ischemic stroke occurred in two cases, while in one case transient ischemic stroke was observed. Cerebral CT scan examination performed in asymptomatic patients revealed chronic ischemic lesions with minimal extension in two patients. Reoperation occurred in one case due to TALV lead fracture. Conclusions This is the first study reporting the long-term outcome, mortality, and thromboembolic event rate exclusively after TALV lead implantation. Patients who underwent TALV lead implantation have a comparable long-term mortality rate to conventional CRT, although amajor ischemic cerebrovascular event after TALV lead implantation is worrisome and has an impact on the outcome.
Detection of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is improved when using advanced rather than strictly conventional 12-lead electrocardiogram; Introduction: Twelve-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) is used to screen for hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM), but up to 25% of HCM patients do not have distinctly abnormal ECGs, whereas up to 5% to 15% of healthy athletes do. We hypothesized that an approximately 5-minute resting advanced 12-lead ECG test ("A-ECG score") could detect HCM with greater sensitivity than pooled conventional ECG criteria and distinguish healthy athletes from HCM with greater specificity. Materials and methods: Five-minute 12-lead ECGs were obtained from 56 HCM patients, 56 age/sex-matched healthy controls, and 69 younger endurance-trained athletes. Electrocardiograms were analyzed using recently suggested pooled conventional ECG criteria and also A-ECG scoring techniques that considered results from multiple advanced and conventional ECG parameters. Results: Compared with pooled criteria from the strictly conventional ECG, an A-ECG logistic score incorporating results from just 3 advanced ECG parameters (spatial QRS-T angle, unexplained portion of QT variability, and T-wave principal component analysis ratio) increased the sensitivity of ECG for identifying HCM from 89% (78%-96%) to 98% (89%-100%; P = .025), while increasing specificity from 90% (83%-94%) to 95% (92%-99%; P = .020). Conclusions: Resting 12-lead A-ECG scores that are simultaneously more sensitive than pooled conventional ECG criteria for detecting HCM and more specific for distinguishing healthy athletes and other healthy controls from HCM can be constructed. Pending further prospective validation, such scores may lead to improved ECG-based screening for HCM. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Atherosclerosis imaging: Intravascular ultrasound; Most acute coronary syndromes result from the rupture or erosion of high-risk plaques. Clinical imaging studies have shown that atherosclerotic plaque formation and rupture are widespread processes that are often asymptomatic. The rationale for atherosclerosis imaging is the in-vivo identification of high-risk lesions. which may subsequently lead to prevention of future cardiovascular events. Although intravascular ultrasound (IVUS) imaging studies demonstrated that echolucent appearance of the plaque and expansive (positive) remodelling are associated with unstable clinical presentation, these characteristics were not adequate for accurate plaque characterisation. Recent technical developments in ultrasound equipment and analytical methods. utilising several characteristics of the digitised ultrasound signal with radio frequency analysis and elastography, promise accurate tissue characterisation. Other imaging modalities, including optical coherence tomography also contribute to a more precise characterisation of the composition of atherosclerotic plaques. A non-imaging approach is the focal assessment of temperature differences using sensitive intravascular thermography catheters: presumably reflecting focal inflammatory changes of vulnerable lesions. Although the histological characteristics of the atheroma are critically important in the sequence of events leading to acute coronary syndromes, the clinical relevance of identifying these characteristics is not yet clear. There is increasing evidence that identifying and treating individual culprit lesions may not be enough to prevent the ischaemic cardiac events in most patients, because the acute coronary syndrome is not a disease of a single site or a few, discrete segments. but rather a systemic disease that involves the entire coronary tree in addition to detection and quantitation of early coronary atherosclerosis and disease activity, accurate and reproducible methods could help to identify high-risk patients and allow serial monitoring during various therapeutic interventions. Serial IVUS imaging makes it possible to visualise the vessel wail that harbours the atheroma at different time points. Typically serial IVUS allows the assessment of the percentage change in atheroma volume.. with consider-able statistical power to detect small changes. Using this methodology aggressive lipid lowering by a high-dose statin agent has been shown to stop the progression of atherosclerosis. and a new mutant high-density lipoprotein complex was found to be effective in regressing atheroma burden. Although intravascular ultrasound is very accurate for quantification of atheroma burden. widespread application and accurate and reproducible non-invasive imaging modalities are needed for large-scale risk assessment algorithms. Cardiovascular computed tomography is at the forefront of the non-invasive imaging modalities. Future prospective imaging studies will be necessary to identify focal or systemic characteristics of high-risk lesions and to demonstrate the relationship between plaque burden, biochemical markers and clinical events.
Can implantable cardioverter-defibrillator therapy reduce healthcare costs?; This article presents a comparison of the costs and the cost effectiveness of defibrillator implantation in a hypothetical scenario for the years 1996-2000, with recently reported actual data from the Dutch prospective study over the years 1989-1993. Recently, technological advances in pulse generator and leads have revolutionized implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD) therapy. Major advances include (1) transvenous single lead positioning and (2) a tremendously reduced size, combined with prolonged longevity of the pulse generator. Both have simplified implantation technique and provided for superior effectiveness and lower costs. This suggests that a more favorable cost-effectiveness is to be expected. The study group reported here consisted of patients successfully resuscitated after cardiac arrest due to malignant ventricular tachyarrhythmias in the chronic stage of myocardial infarction. During a mean follow-up of 27 months, starting on the day of therapeutic decision making, total costs and the cost-effectiveness ratio were estimated. Actual data from the prospective study in 1989-1993 are compared with a hypothetical scenario for 1996-2000. Mortality and costs for hospitalization per day, per procedure, and per device are taken from the prospective study and equalized for both scenarios. Transthoracic lead positioning and abdominal implantation of a Ventak P (CPI) defibrillator with +/-3 years longevity were characteristic of the recently completed prospective study. The hypothetical future scenario uses the Ventak Mini-2 with assumed 5 years longevity, implanted pectorally and connected to a single transvenous lead. Implantation will be carried out in the catheterization laboratory and as first-choice treatment. Due to prolonged longevity of the device and shorter hospitalization, a cost reduction of US $11,530 per patient is expected. Total costs per patient in the 1989-1993 prospective study in the (1) conventional arm (drugs first choice), (2) early ICD arm (ICD first choice), and (3) early ICD arm in the 1996-2000 study (ICD first choice) are $63,032, $56,067, and $44,537, respectively. The corresponding cost-effectiveness ratios are $87, $64, and $51 per day alive, respectively. Thus, it appears that modem ICD technology will be associated with an increasing reduction in healthcare costs, at least in selected patients. This reduction is associated with a more favorable cost-effectiveness ratio.
Relationship of ST elevation in lead aVR with angiographic findings and outcome in non-ST elevation acute coronary syndromes; Background Limited data suggest that ST elevation (ST up arrow) in aVR is associated with higher mortality and more extensive coronary artery disease in the setting of non-ST up arrow acute coronary syndromes (ACS). Methods In the prospective Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events (GRACE) electrocardiographic substudy, the admission electrocardiograms were analyzed by a blinded core laboratory. We performed multivariable analysis to determine (1) the independent prognostic significance of ST up arrow in aVR and (2) its association with significant (>= 50% stenosis) left main or 3-vessel disease (LM/3-vd). Results Among 5064 patients with non-ST I ACS, 4696 had no ST I in aVR, 292 (5.8%) had minor (0.5-1 mm) ST I in aVR, and 76 (1.5%) had major (>1 mm) ST up arrow in aVR; their in-hospital mortality rates were 4.2%, 6.2%, and 7.9%, respectively (P for trend =.03). At 6 months follow-up, the cumulative mortality rates were 7.6%, 12.7%, and 18.3%, respectively (log-rank P for trend <.001). However, minor and major ST up arrow in aVR were not independent predictors of in-hospital or 6-month death after adjusting for other validated prognosticators in the GRACE risk model. Of the 2416 patients without prior coronary bypass surgery who underwent cardiac catheterization, the prevalence of LM/3-vd was 26. 1 %, 36.2%, and 55.9% for the groups with no, minor, and major ST I in aVR, respectively (P for trend <.001). After adjusting for other clinical characteristics, major ST I in aVR remained an independent predictor of LM/3-vd (adjusted odds ratio, 2.68,95% confidence interval, 1.29-5.58; P =.008). Conclusion ST up arrow in aVR is less prevalent than reported in previous smaller studies. Although it is associated with higher unadjusted in-hospital and 6-month mortality, it does not provide incremental prognostic value beyond comprehensive risk stratification using the validated GRACE risk model. However, ST T greater than I mm in aVR may be useful in the early identification of LM/3-vd in ACS patients with ST depression.
Improvement of Electrocardiograms Implementation Quality by Emergency Nurses with a Short Training; Aims: To determine if a short training of nurses improve quality implementation of emergency department electrocardiograms. Procedure: A prospective study with pre-test and post-test has been conducted before and four months after a two hours training using a questionnaire with three parts: correct electrodes positioning and criteria for interpretability by emergency physician. Results: Thirty nurses were included (median of age: 37 [33-40]) with 7 (4-12) years of practice in emergency department. Medium number of electrocardiograms by each nurse was estimated to 14 +/- 9 per week. Correct placement of electrodes has increased from 33 to 73% in case of 12-lead ECG (p<0.01) and from 10 to 50% in case of 18-lead ECG (p<0.01) with a better search of angle of Louis from 7 to 63% (p<0.001). We have noted an improvement of patient's identity registering (from 23 to 100%; p<0.001), correct aspect of isoelectric line without interference (from 33 to 93%; p<0,001), good calibration of ECG (from 10 to 87%; p<0.001), search of inversion of lead electrodes (from 17 to 67%; p<0.01) and precordial electrodes (from 7 to 50%; p<0.01). Conclusion: A short training of nurses with qualitative aims improves quality of emergency electrocardiograms.
Adherence to antithrombotic therapy guidelines improves mortality among elderly patients with atrial fibrillation: insights from the REPOSI study; Atrial fibrillation (AF) is associated with a substantial risk of thromboembolism and mortality, significantly reduced by oral anticoagulation. Adherence to guidelines may lower the risks for both all cause and cardiovascular (CV) deaths. Our objective was to evaluate if antithrombotic prophylaxis according to the 2012 European Society of Cardiology (ESC) guidelines is associated to a lower rate of adverse outcomes. Data were obtained from REPOSI; a prospective observational study enrolling inpatients aged aeyen65 years. Patients enrolled in 2012 and 2014 discharged with an AF diagnosis were analysed. Among 2535 patients, 558 (22.0 %) were discharged with a diagnosis of AF. Based on ESC guidelines, 40.9 % of patients were on guideline-adherent thromboprophylaxis, 6.8 % were overtreated, and 52.3 % were undertreated. Logistic analysis showed that increasing age (p = 0.01), heart failure (p = 0.04), coronary artery disease (p = 0.013), peripheral arterial disease (p = 0.03) and concomitant cancer (p = 0.003) were associated with non-adherence to guidelines. Specifically, undertreatment was significantly associated with increasing age (p = 0.001) and cancer (p < 0.001), and inversely associated with HF (p = 0.023). AF patients who were guideline adherent had a lower rate of both all-cause death (p = 0.007) and CV death (p = 0.024) compared to those non-adherent. Kaplan-Meier analysis showed that guideline-adherent patients had a lower cumulative risk for both all-cause (p = 0.002) and CV deaths (p = 0.011). On Cox regression analysis, guideline adherence was independently associated with a lower risk of all-cause and CV deaths (p = 0.019 and p = 0.006). Non-adherence to guidelines is highly prevalent among elderly AF patients, despite guideline-adherent treatment being independently associated with lower risk of all-cause and CV deaths. Efforts to improve guideline adherence would lead to better outcomes for elderly AF patients.
PHYSICIAN DECISION-MAKING AND VARIATION IN-HOSPITAL ADMISSION RATES FOR SUSPECTED ACUTE CARDIAC ISCHEMIA - A TALE OF 2 TOWNS; The authors tested the ''uncertainty hypothesis,'' which holds that variations in rates of hospitalization or surgeries across small geographic areas reflect differences in physicians' decision making when confronting uncertainty.  A small-areas variation analysis of suspected acute cardiac ischemia (ACI) admissions in northern Michigan was performed, and two demographically nearly identical towns differing by a factor of 3 in ACI admission rates were selected.  Medical records of all patients evaluated in the emergency departments of these hospitals for suspected ACI in 1988 were abstracted retrospectively.  Probabilities of ACI were objectively estimated using the Acute Cardiac Ischemia Time-Insensitive Predictive Instrument.  Logistic regression of admission on patient characteristics, other illnesses, probability of ACI, and community revealed no difference in admission decisions between the two hospitals (odds ratio for community = 0.766, 95% confidence interval, 0.542-1.08, n = 787, P > .1).  Nearly twice as many patients with ACI presented to the emergency department of the high-admitting hospital as to the low-admitting hospital.  The authors conclude that, at least for ACI, population-based area discharge rates do not necessarily reflect case-based decision rates.  Drawing inferences regarding physician decision making from discharge or claims datasets may lead to error.
Primary prevention of cardiovascular diseases: a cost study in family practices; Background: Considering the scarcity of health care resources and the high costs associated with cardiovascular diseases, we investigated the spending on cardiovascular primary preventive activities and the prescribing behaviour of primary preventive cardiovascular medication (PPCM) in Dutch family practices (FPs). Methods: A mixed methods design was used, which consisted of a questionnaire (n = 80 FPs), video recordings of hypertension-or cholesterol-related general practitioner visits (n = 56), and the database of Netherlands Information Network of General Practice (n = 45 FPs; n = 157,137 patients). The questionnaire and video recordings were used to determine the average frequency and time spent on cardiovascular primary preventive activities per FP respectively. Taking into account the annual income and full time equivalents of general practitioners, health care assistants, and practice nurses as well as the practice costs, the total spending on cardiovascular primary preventive activities in Dutch FPs was calculated. The database of Netherlands Information Network of General Practice was used to determine the prescribing behaviour in Dutch FPs by conducting multilevel regression models and adjusting for patient and practice characteristics. Results: Total expenditure on cardiovascular primary preventive activities in FPs in 2009 was (sic)38.8 million ((sic)2.35 per capita), of which 47% was spent on blood pressure measurements, 26% on cardiovascular risk profiling, and 11% on lifestyle counselling. Fifteen percent ((sic)11 per capita) of all cardiovascular medication prescribed in FPs was a PPCM. FPs differed greatly on prescription of PPCM (odds ratio of 3.1). Conclusions: Total costs of cardiovascular primary preventive activities in FPs such as blood pressure measurements and lifestyle counselling are relatively low compared to the costs of PPCM. There is considerable heterogeneity in prescribing behaviour of PPCM between FPs. Further research is needed to determine whether such large differences in prescription rates are justified. Striving for an optimal use of cardiovascular primary preventive activities might lead to similar health outcomes, but may achieve important cost savings.
The study of fetal-type posterior cerebral circulation on multislice CT angiography and its influence on cerebral ischemic strokes; Purpose: The purpose was to evaluate if patients with partial and full fetal-type posterior cerebral artery (PCA) could be more prone to lead to ischemic strokes on multislice computed tomographic angiography (MSCTA). Methods: A total of 202 patients who had undergone MSCTA examinations were divided into three groups: patients with full fetal-type posterior (FTP), patients with partial FTP, and patients without FTP. The odds ratio of having ischemic strokes was calculated. Results: The odds of having ischemic strokes in patients with full and partial FTP were 1.448 and 3.027, while P values were .391 and .0307, respectively. Conclusion: Patients with a partial fetal-type PCA could be more prone to develop ischemic strokes. (C) 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Relationship between process and outcome in stroke care; Background and Purpose-Better processes in stroke care are assumed to lead to better stroke outcomes. We sought to test whether current measures of stroke process are related to measures of stroke outcome. Methods-This was a prospective study of consecutive patients with acute stroke admitted to each of the 3 general hospitals in I region who were followed up for 12 months after hospital discharge. Process was measured by use of the Royal College of Physicians Stroke Audit Package, and outcomes were measured with a range of disability, health status, handicap, and independence measures, as well as mortality. Results-One hundred eighty-one patients were recruited. There was evidence for a relationship between some process variables and outcomes at hospital discharge, but the relationships were generally weak. None of the process variables remained in regression models of functional outcomes at 12 months. The hospital with the best process scores had the worst case mix-adjusted outcomes. Conclusions-The link between stroke process and outcome, through the use of currently available measures of process such as the Royal College of Physicians Stroke Audit Package, is not straightforward. Ongoing work may clarify some of these issues and provide guidance to stroke clinicians on how best to improve existing services.
Evaluation of migraine in patients with ischaemic stroke; An association between migraine and ischaemic stroke has been observed for many years, but the exact mechanisms by which migraine can lead to stroke are still unknown. The purpose of this study was to determine the prevalence of migraine headaches in patients with ischaemic stroke. In this prospective cohort study, we assessed 323 patients with ischaemic stroke; these diagnoses were assigned based on the International Headache Society criteria for migraine with or without aura. Patients were recruited without major risk factors such as stroke, hypertension, hyperlipidaemia, diabetes, taking oral contraceptive pills, history of drug abuse and trauma in issue of their Stroke. Data were collected via a written questionnaire upon admission and were analysed with SPSS version 16 software. Comparisons were performed using Mann-Whitney's U test and chi-square and t-test. Migraine headache was present in 11.2% (36 of 323) of patients, 8.1% of women and 3.1% of men. Migraine prevalence was highest in the age over 60 years. There was a history of migraine without aura for over 2 years in 6.2% of patients with ischaemic stroke. Also, we found no significant correlation between migraine headache and location of the lesion in patients with ischaemic stroke.
Low Nonfasting Triglycerides and Reduced All-Cause Mortality: A Mendelian Randomization Study; BACKGROUND: Increased non-fasting plasma triglycerides marking increased amounts of cholesterol in remnant lipoproteins are important risk factors for cardiovascular disease, but whether lifelong reduced concentrations of triglycerides on a genetic basis ultimately lead to reduced all-cause mortality is unknown. We tested this hypothesis. METHODS: Using individuals from the Copenhagen City Heart Study in a mendelian randomization design, we first tested whether low concentrations of nonfasting triglycerides were associated with reduced all-cause mortality in observational analyses (n = 13 957); second, whether genetic variants in the triglyceridedegrading enzyme lipoprotein lipase, resulting in reduced nonfasting triglycerides and remnant cholesterol, were associated with reduced all-cause mortality (n = 10 208). RESULTS: During a median 24 and 17 years of 100% complete follow-up, 9991 and 4005 individuals died in observational and genetic analyses, respectively. In observational analyses compared to individuals with nonfasting plasma triglycerides of 266-442 mg/dL (3.00-4.99 mmol/L), multivariably adjusted hazard ratios for all-cause mortality were 0.89 (95% CI 0.78-1.02) for 177-265 mg/dL (2.00-2.99 mmol/L), 0.74 (0.65-0.84) for 89-176 mg/dL (1.00-1.99 mmol/L), and 0.59 (0.51-0.68) for individuals with nonfasting triglycerides < 89 mg/dL (< 1.00 mmol/L). The odds ratio for a genetically derived 89-mg/dL (1-mmol/L) lower concentration in nonfasting triglycerides was 0.50 (0.30-0.82), with a corresponding observational hazard ratio of 0.87 (0.85-0.89). Also, the odds ratio for a genetically derived 50% lower concentration in nonfasting triglycerides was 0.43 (0.23-0.80), with a corresponding observational hazard ratio of 0.73 (0.70-0.77). CONCLUSIONS: Genetically reduced concentrations of nonfasting plasma triglycerides are associated with reduced all-cause mortality, likely through reduced amounts of cholesterol in remnant lipoproteins. (C) 2013 American Association for Clinical Chemistry
Hospital controls versus community controls: Differences in inferences regarding risk factors for hip fracture; In case-control studies using cases identified from persons admitted to hospitals, two types of controls are most often used: persons from the communities served by the hospitals and persons admitted to the same hospitals as those to which the cases were admitted, It is often unclear which is the more appropriate choice, and whether the use of one or the other type of control group will lead to biased conclusions, The purpose of the present analysis was to determine whether the choice of hospital controls versus community controls would influence conclusions regarding risk factors for hip fracture, Cases (n = 425), hospital controls (n = 312), and community controls (n = 454) were drawn from a case-control study of risk factors for hip fracture in women, Study participants were white and black women aged 45 years or older and living in New York City or Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, who were selected between September 1987 and July 1989, Using community controls but not hospital controls, investigators would have concluded that having a fall during the previous 6 months, current smoking, and moving during the previous year were associated with an increased risk of hip fracture, Associations of hip fracture risk with stroke and prior use of ambulatory aids were stronger using community controls, but associations with estrogen use and body mass index were not influenced by choice of control group, Community controls were quite similar to representative samples of community-dwelling elderly women, whereas hospital controls were somewhat sicker and more likely to be current smokers. The authors conclude that community controls comprise the more appropriate control group in case-control studies of hip fracture in the elderly.
Low nonfasting triglycerides and reduced all-cause mortality: a mendelian randomization study; Background: Increased nonfasting plasma triglycerides marking increased amounts of cholesterol in remnant lipoproteins are important risk factors for cardiovascular disease, but whether lifelong reduced concentrations of triglycerides on a genetic basis ultimately lead to reduced all-cause mortality is unknown. We tested this hypothesis. Methods: Using individuals from the Copenhagen City Heart Study in a mendelian randomization design, we first tested whether low concentrations of nonfasting triglycerides were associated with reduced all-cause mortality in observational analyses (n = 13 957); second, whether genetic variants in the triglyceride-degrading enzyme lipoprotein lipase, resulting in reduced nonfasting triglycerides and remnant cholesterol, were associated with reduced all-cause mortality (n = 10 208). Results: During a median 24 and 17 years of 100% complete follow-up, 9991 and 4005 individuals died in observational and genetic analyses, respectively. In observational analyses compared to individuals with nonfasting plasma triglycerides of 266442 mg/dL (3.00-4.99 mmol/L), multivariably adjusted hazard ratios for all-cause mortality were 0.89 (95% CI 0.78-1.02) for 177-265 mg/dL (2.00-2.99 mmol/L), 0.74 (0.65-0.84) for 89-176 mg/dL (1.001.99 mmol/L), and 0.59 (0.51-0.68) for individuals with nonfasting triglycerides <89 mg/dL (<1.00 mmol/L). The odds ratio for a genetically derived 89-mg/dL (1-mmol/L) lower concentration in nonfasting triglycerides was 0.50 (0.30-0.82), with a corresponding observational hazard ratio of 0.87 (0.85-0.89). Also, the odds ratio for a genetically derived 50% lower concentration in nonfasting triglycerides was 0.43 (0.23-0.80), with a corresponding observational hazard ratio of 0.73 (0.70-0.77). Conclusions: Genetically reduced concentrations of nonfasting plasma triglycerides are associated with reduced all-cause mortality, likely through reduced amounts of cholesterol in remnant lipoproteins.
People With Stroke Who Fail an Obstacle Crossing Task Have a Higher Incidence of Falls and Utilize Different Gait Patterns Compared With People Who Pass the Task; Background. Obstacle crossing is impaired in people following stroke. It is not known whether people with stroke who fail an obstacle crossing task have more falls or whether the gait adjustments used to cross an obstacle differ from those used by people who pass the task. Objective. The purposes of this study were (1) to identify whether a group of people with stroke who failed an obstacle crossing task had a greater incidence of falling and (2) to determine whether people who fail an obstacle crossing task utilize different gait adjustments. Design. This was a prospective, observational study. Methods. Thirty-two participants with a recent stroke were recruited. Participants walked at self-selected speed and stepped over a 4-cm-high obstacle. Performance was rated as pass or fail, and spatiotemporal, center of mass (COM), and center of pressure (COP) data were collected. Prospective falls data were recorded for 20 participants over a 6-month period. Results. The incidence of fallers was significantly higher (incidence rate = 0.833) in the group that failed the obstacle crossing task than in the group that passed the task (incidence rate = 0.143). The group that failed the task had a slower walking speed and greater normalized separation between the trail heel (unaffected support limb) and COM as the affected lead toe cleared the obstacle. This group exhibited greater normalized times from affected lead toe clearance to landing, unaffected trail toe clearance to landing, and affected trail toe-off to toe clearance. Limitations. The sample size was small, and falls data were available for only 20 participants. Conclusions. Obstacle crossing is an important task to consider in people following stroke and may be useful in identifying those at risk of falls.
Meta-Analysis of Same Versus Different Stent for Drug-Eluting Stent Restenosis; Drug-eluting stent (DES) in-stent restenosis (ISR) can be treated by restenting using the same DES as previously placed (same stent strategy), versus switching to a stent that elutes a different drug (different stent strategy). To compare the efficacy of these strategies, a meta-analysis of controlled trials and observational studies evaluating patients with DES ISR was performed. The primary outcome was target lesion revascularizatiori or target vessel revascularization, and secondary outcomes were major adverse cardiovascular events, death, and myocardial infarction. Pooled odds ratios (ORs) were calculated with the generic inverse variance method using a random-effects model. The chi-square test was used to evaluate heterogeneity. Ten studies (1,680 patients) were included. There was no significant heterogeneity among the studies for any end point. The different stent strategy was found to reduce the odds of target lesion revascularization or target Vessel revascularization (OR 0.73, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.55 to 0.96) and major adverse cardiovascular events (OR 0.72, 95% CI 0.54 to 0.96). There was no difference between the 2 strategies in rates of death (OR 1.03, 95% CI 0.49 to 2.16) or myocardial infarction (OR 0.59, 95% CI 0.24 to 1.41). In conclusion, this study demonstrates that treatment of DES ISR by restenting with a different DES than previously placed may lead to improved outcomes compared with the use of the same DES. Further large-scale trials are needed to confirm this effect. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Safety of Intravenous Thrombolysis in Stroke Mimics Prospective 5-Year Study and Comprehensive Meta-Analysis; Background and Purpose-Shortening door-to-needle time may lead to inadvertent intravenous thrombolysis (IVT) administration in stroke mimics (SMs). We sought to determine the safety of IVT in SMs using prospective, single-center data and by conducting a comprehensive meta-analysis of reported case-series. Methods-We prospectively analyzed consecutive IVT-treated patients during a 5-year period at a tertiary care stroke center. A systematic review and meta-analysis of case-series reporting safety of IVT in SMs and confirmed acute ischemic stroke were conducted. Symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage was defined as imaging evidence of ICH with an National Institutes of Health Stroke scale increase of >= 4 points. Favorable functional outcome at hospital discharge was defined as a modified Rankin Scale score of 0 to 1. Results-Of 516 consecutive IVT patients at our tertiary care center (50% men; mean age, 60 +/- 14 years; median National Institutes of Health Stroke scale, 11; range, 3-22), SMs comprised 75 cases. Symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage occurred in 1 patient, whereas we documented no cases of orolingual edema or major extracranial hemorrhagic complications. In meta-analysis of 9 studies (8942 IVT-treated patients), the pooled rates of symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage and orolingual edema among 392 patients with SM treated with IVT were 0.5% (95% confidence interval, 0%-2%) and 0.3% (95% confidence interval, 0%-2%), respectively. Patients with SM were found to have a significantly lower risk for symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage compared with patients with acute ischemic stroke (risk ratio=0.33; 95% confidence interval, 0.14-0.77; P=0.010), with no evidence of heterogeneity or publication bias. Favorable functional outcome was almost 3-fold higher in patients with SM in comparison with patients with acute ischemic stroke (risk ratio=2.78; 95% confidence interval, 2.07-3.73; P<0.00001). Conclusions-Our prospective, single-center experience coupled with the findings of the comprehensive meta-analysis underscores the safety of IVT in SM.
Socioeconomic position and secondary preventive therapy after an AMI; Purpose To investigate the association between socioeconomic position and use of lipid-lowering drugs and ACE-inhibitors after an acute myocardial infarction (AMI) when simultaneously considering participation in the national quality register RIKS-HIA (Register of Information and Knowledge about Swedish Heart Intensive care Admissions), age, sex and previous hospitalizations of the patients. Methods Population-based prospective cohort study included all 1346 AMI patients cared in the county of Scania, Sweden during 2006 of whom 1061 were register at the RIKS-HIA. Treatment with lipid-lowering and ACE-inhibiting therapy in relation to income was investigated with Cox and logistic regression modelling. Results In the whole population of AMI patients, high income patients had a higher adherence to guidelines for pharmacological secondary prevention than low income patients (HR(lipid-lowering drug): 1.29; 95%CI: 1.12-1.49 and HR(ACE-inhibitor therapy): 1.22; 95%CI: 1.04-1.43). Among RIKS-HIA participants, patients with high income presented a better adherence to lipid-lowering treatment than patients with low income (HR: 1.15; 95%CI: 0.98-1.34). Conclusion Our investigation reveals that the Swedish goal of access to health care on equal terms and according to needs is still not fully accomplished. Moreover, since this pattern of inequity in pharmacological secondary prevention may lead to the recurrence of heart disease, these inequities are not only a matter of fairness and social justice, but also a potential (and modifiable) source of ineffectiveness and inefficiency in health care. Copyright (C) 2010 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
ELECTROCARDIOGRAPHIC, ENZYMATIC AND SCINTIGRAPHIC CRITERIA OF ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION AS DETERMINED FROM STUDY OF 726 PATIENTS (A MILIS STUDY); Methods for detecting acute myocardial infarction (AMI) were compared in a prospective study of 726 patients with pain presumed to be caused by ischemia that lasted 30 min or longer and was associated with electrocardiographic changes (ST-segment deviation .gtoreq. 0.1 mV and/or new Q waves or left bundle branch block). Using MB-CK [isoenzyme of creatine kinase] values > 12 IU/liter as the standard criterion for detection of AMI, 639 patients (88%) were judged to have AMI. Total plasma CK values, technetium-99m stannous pyrophosphate images 48-72 h after admission, and serial 12-lead ECG over 10 d were analyzed by investigators blinded to other clinical and laboratory data. For detection of AMI total CK, ECG and pyrophosphate imaging were all high accurate and sensitive. Pyrophosphate and ECG were less specific than total CK (P < 0.01). The sensitivity (P < 0.05) and accuracy (P < 0.01) of total CK and pyrophosphate for those patients with Q-wave development were slightly greater than for those in whom Q waves did not evolve. The ECG was less accurate (P < 0.02) and pyrophosphate was less specific (P < 0.04) in patients with prior MI compared with those with initial infarction. Pyrophosphate failed to detect larger infarcts than the ECG or total CK (both P < 0.01). Combined pyrophosphate and ECG criteria were more accurate than pyrophosphate (P < 0.01) or the ECG alone (P < 0.03), and pyrophosphate was helpful in identifying infarcts considered indeterminate on the ECG. Although each method has certain limitations, individual and combined use of these diagnositic criteria represent powerful means for detecting AMI.
Thrombolytic effect of streptokinase infusion assessed by ST-segment resolution between diabetic and non-diabetic myocardial infarction patients; Background: Recently, it has been hypothesized that type 2 diabetes might interfere with acute intravenous thrombolysis effectiveness as estimated by angiographic or electrocardiographic criteria. In our study, we compared the thrombolytic effect of streptokinase infusion between diabetic and non-diabetic myocardial infarction (MI) patients. Methods: In a prospective interventional study, 240 consecutive patients who were admitted to the emergency ward and diagnosed with ST-elevation MI (STEMI) were enroled and classified into diabetics (n = 85) and non-diabetics (n = 155). Streptokinase was given to each patient at a dose of 1.5 million units in 1 h. Twelve-lead ECG was recorded immediately before the start of thrombolytic therapy and at 180 min afterwards for the patients with STEMI. The ST-segment elevation resolution was calculated and stratified as complete resolution (>70% ST-resolution), partial resolution (30-70% ST-resolution), or failed resolution (<30% ST-resolution). Results: Complete ST-resolution occurred in 31.6% of diabetic and 51.0% of non-diabetic patients, respectively (p<0.001). The incidence of partial ST-resolution in diabetic and non-diabetic patients was 40.5% and 40.0%, whereas 27.8% of patients in the diabetic group and 9.0% of patients in the non-diabetic group showed failed ST resolution. ST-resolution was independent of the location of MI. Multivariate analysis showed that diabetes mellitus, as well as higher Kalif) class and lower ejection fraction, could effectively predict ST-resolution failure. Conclusions: Failure of ST-segment resolution 180 min after streptokinase infusion is notably higher in diabetic vs non-diabetic patients. This failure rate is correlated with higher Killip class and lower ejection fraction. (Cardiol J 2012; 19, 2: 168-173)
PROPOSED SIMPLE METHOD FOR ELECTROCARDIOGRAM RECORDING IN FREE-RANGING ASIAN ELEPHANTS (<i>ELEPHAS MAXIMUS</i>); Electrocardiography represents a relevant diagnostic tool for detecting cardiac disease in animals. Elephants can present various congenital and acquired cardiovascular diseases. However, few electrophysiologic studies have been reported in captive elephants, mainly due to challenging technical difficulties in obtaining good-quality electrocardiogram (ECG) tracings, and no data are currently available for free-ranging Asian elephants (Elephas maximus). The purpose of this pilot prospective study was to evaluate the feasibility of using a simple method for recording ECG tracings in wild, apparently healthy, unsedated Asian elephants (n = 7) in the standing position. Successful six-lead recordings (I, II, III, aVR, aVL, and aVF) were obtained, with the aVL lead providing the best-quality tracings in most animals. Variables measured in the aVL lead included heart rate, amplitudes and duration of the P waves, QRS complexes, T and U waves, and duration of the PR, QT, and QU intervals. A negative deflection following positive P waves, representative of an atrial repolarization wave (Ta wave), was observed for five out of the seven elephants.
Humoral theory of transplantation; According to the humoral theory of transplantation, antibodies cause allograft rejection. Publications are cited showing that antibodies: (1) cause hyperacute kidney rejection, (2) lead to C4d deposits associated with early kidney graft failures, (3) are a good indicator of presensitization leading to early acute rejections, (4) were present in 96% of 826 patients who rejected a kidney graft, (5) are associated with chronic rejection in 33 studies of kidney, heart, lung and liver grafts, and (6) in three studies, appeared in the circulation BEFORE evidence of bronchiolitis obliterans in lung transplants, and BEFORE kidney rejection. In addition, a prospective cooperative study of 1629 patients in 24 centers demonstrated that antibodies foretold subsequent failures after a follow-up period of 6 months (p=0.05). The specificity of antibodies detected in the serum of rejecting patients were often not donor specific,, presumably because they were absorbed by the rejecting organ. If the humoral theory is accepted, even provisionally, transplanted patients who have antibodies could be treated with immunosuppression until the antibodies disappear to determine whether chronic rejection can be blocked. If successful, in patients who do not have antibodies, immunosuppression could be reduced until antibodies appear.
Ventricular gradient as a risk factor in survivors of acute myocardial infarction; The total cosine between R and T (TCRT) (angular difference between the spatial QRS and T wave loops) is a technical elaboration of the concept of ventricular gradient (VG), whose power as a risk stratifier in post-MI patients has already been demonstrated. Recently, it was reported that TCRT differed significantly between healthy men and women, which suggested that its predictive power might be gender dependent. The aim of the study was to investigate TCRT and its association with cardiac mortality in male and female survivors of acute MI. TCRT was measured from digital Frank orthogonal XYZ-lead ECGs recorded before hospital discharge in 681 survivors of acute MI(82% men, age: men 57.0 +/- 8.4 years, women 59.6 +/- 8.1 years, P = 0.002). During a follow-up censored at 5 years, cardiac mortality rates were 9.7% and 12.1% in men and women, respectively (P = 0.42). There were no significant difference in TCRT between men and women (-0.150 +/- 0.704 vs -0.070 +/- 0.731, P = 0.26). In univariate Cox regression analysis, TGRT < -0.88 was related to a 5-year cardiac mortality in men (relative risk [RR] 3.67, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.13-6.34, P = 1.9 x 10(-6)), and women (RR 5.16,95% CI 1.83-14.56, P = 0.0015). Depressed TCRT was strongly associated with increased long-term cardiac mortality in survivors of acute MI. Its predictive power did not differ significantly between the sexes. The role of TCRT as a risk-stratifier in post-MI patients deserves further prospective assessment in multivariate models with established risk factors.
Do Fructose-Containing Sugars Lead to Adverse Health Consequences? Results of Recent Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses; Sugars have replaced fat as the dominant public health nutrition concern. A fructose-centric view of cardiometabolic disease has emerged whereby fructose-containing sugars are thought to have deleterious effects on body weight, fasting and postprandial blood lipids, glycemia, blood pressure, uric acid, and markers of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Long-term prospective cohort studies have not supported these associations when assessing the relation between total fructose-containing sugars at any amount of intake and incident cardiometabolic disease. Conversely, a consistent signal for harm has been reported for sugary beverages when comparing the highest with the lowest intakes. These associations, however, do not hold at moderate intakes, which are more reflective of real-world intakes, are subject to important collinearity effects, and have small risk estimates with modest population-attributable risk fractions. Higher-level evidence from controlled feeding trials shows that fructose-containing sugars in either liquid or solid form have adverse cardiometabolic effects only when they supplement diets with excess calories compared with the same diets without the excess calories. In the absence of harm when fructose-containing sugars are exchanged for other sources of carbohydrate under energy-matched conditions, excess calories appear to be the dominant consideration. Like with the earlier fat story, it is difficult to separate the contribution of fructose-containing sugars from that of other sources of excess calories in the epidemic of obesity and cardiometabolic disease. Attention needs to remain focused on reducing the overconsumption of all caloric foods associated with obesity and cardiometabolic disease, including sugary beverages and foods, and promoting greater physical activity.
Race/Ethnicity, Quality of Care, and Outcomes in Ischemic Stroke; Background-Prior studies suggest differences in stroke care associated with race/ethnicity. We sought to determine whether such differences existed in a population of black, Hispanic, and white patients hospitalized with stroke among hospitals participating in a quality-improvement program. Methods and Results-We analyzed in-hospital mortality and 7 stroke performance measures among 397 257 patients admitted with ischemic stroke to 1181 hospitals participating in the Get With The Guidelines-Stroke program 2003 through 2008. Relative to white patients, black and Hispanic patients were younger and more often had diabetes mellitus and hypertension. After adjustment for both patient-and hospital-level variables, black patients had lower odds relative to white patients of receiving intravenous thrombolysis (odds ratio [OR], 0.84; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.77 to 0.91), deep vein thrombosis prophylaxis (OR, 0.88; 95% CI, 0.83 to 0.92), smoking cessation (OR, 0.85; 95% CI, 0.79 to 0.91), discharge antithrombotics (OR, 0.88; 95% CI, 0.84 to 0.92), anticoagulants for atrial fibrillation (OR, 0.84; 95% CI, 0.75 to 0.94), and lipid therapy (OR, 0.91; 95% CI, 0.88 to 0.96), and of dying in-hospital (OR, 0.90; 95% CI, 0.85 to 0.95). Hispanic patients received similar care as their white counterparts on all 7 measures and had similar in-hospital mortality. Black (OR, 1.31; 95% CI, 1.28 to 1.35) and Hispanic (OR, 1.16; 95% CI, 1.11 to 1.20) patients had higher odds of exceeding the median length of hospital stay relative to whites. During the study, quality of care improved in all 3 race/ethnicity groups. Conclusions-Black patients with stroke received fewer evidence-based care processes than Hispanic or white patients. These differences could lead to increased risk of recurrent stroke. Quality of care improved substantially in the Get With The Guidelines-Stroke Program over time for all 3 racial/ethnic groups. (Circulation. 2010;121:1492-1501.)
Randomized Assessment of Rapid Endovascular Treatment of Ischemic Stroke; BACKGROUND Among patients with a proximal vessel occlusion in the anterior circulation, 60 to 80% of patients die within 90 days after stroke onset or do not regain functional independence despite alteplase treatment. We evaluated rapid endovascular treatment in addition to standard care in patients with acute ischemic stroke with a small infarct core, a proximal intracranial arterial occlusion, and moderate-to-good collateral circulation. METHODS We randomly assigned participants to receive standard care (control group) or standard care plus endovascular treatment with the use of available thrombectomy devices (intervention group). Patients with a proximal intracranial occlusion in the anterior circulation were included up to 12 hours after symptom onset. Patients with a large infarct core or poor collateral circulation on computed tomography (CT) and CT angiography were excluded. Workflow times were measured against predetermined targets. The primary outcome was the score on the modified Rankin scale (range, 0 [no symptoms] to 6 [death]) at 90 days. A proportional odds model was used to calculate the common odds ratio as a measure of the likelihood that the intervention would lead to lower scores on the modified Rankin scale than would control care (shift analysis). RESULTS The trial was stopped early because of efficacy. At 22 centers worldwide, 316 participants were enrolled, of whom 238 received intravenous alteplase (120 in the intervention group and 118 in the control group). In the intervention group, the median time from study CT of the head to first reperfusion was 84 minutes. The rate of functional independence (90-day modified Rankin score of 0 to 2) was increased with the intervention (53.0%, vs. 29.3% in the control group; P<0.001). The primary outcome favored the intervention (common odds ratio, 2.6; 95% confidence interval, 1.7 to 3.8; P<0.001), and the intervention was associated with reduced mortality (10.4%, vs. 19.0% in the control group; P = 0.04). Symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage occurred in 3.6% of participants in intervention group and 2.7% of participants in control group (P = 0.75). CONCLUSIONS Among patients with acute ischemic stroke with a proximal vessel occlusion, a small infarct core, and moderate-to-good collateral circulation, rapid endovascular treatment improved functional outcomes and reduced mortality.
Cardiovascular Disease and Oral Agent Glucose-Lowering Therapies in the Management of Type 2 Diabetes; Although glucose-lowering oral agents have been available for clinical use for over 60 years, the formal evidence base supporting their advantage and safety in regard of cardiovascular (CV) outcomes remains less than optimal. However, a synthesis of the evidence results in a high probability of benefit. For metformin, the United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study (UKPDS) substudy is convincing for a definite effect in reducing myocardial infarction (MI), but the quantitative extent of that is uncertain. For sulfonylureas, support for reduction in MI comes from the UKPDS extension study, where the central estimate for risk reduction remains the same as in the original planned end to the study, but the greater number of events was statistically significant for the sulfonylurea/insulin arm. Other studies do not support the view that metformin and sulfonylureas differ with respect to MI or indeed CV outcomes more generally. The data available for acarbose, an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor, are weak but not of concern, although some positive substudy data are available for people with impaired glucose tolerance. For peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma agonists the CV data are more controversial, but the purpose-designed randomized controlled trials are clear that pioglitazone is advantageous to placebo (except for heart failure [HF]), whereas rosiglitazone is indistinguishable from metformin/sulfonylureas (even when including HF data). Lower-quality data do, however, lead to significant concerns for MI with rosiglitazone. Early and somewhat low-quality data for the dipeptidyl peptidase inhibitors show they are safe and hold promise for cardiovascular advantage, with major randomized controlled trials being underway. Preliminary CV data are available for one sodium/glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor and look reassuring.
HEMODYNAMIC AND OXYGEN-TRANSPORT VARIABLES IN CARDIOGENIC-SHOCK SECONDARY TO ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION, AND RESPONSE TO TREATMENT; There are few data on oxygen transport in cardiogenic shock after acute myocardial infarction. This prospective study examined oxygen transport variables in 19 such patients and assessed their responses to treatment. Femoral and pulmonary arterial catheters were inserted before any therapy except correction of hypoxemia by mechanical ventilation in 8 patients, defibrillation (3 patients) or pacing (5 patients). In 3 patients mean arterial pressure was > 80 mm Hg and cardiac index > 2.1 liters/min/m2 with normal mixed venous oxygen saturation despite simultaneous clinical shock. They recovered with no further treatment. Sixteen patients were treated with varying combinations of intravenous fluids and dobutamine (37 .+-. 25 .mu./kg/min) and 14 survived long enough for a second set of measurements to be completed. Mean heart rate increased from 83 .+-. 22 to 101 .+-. 20 beats/min and mean cardiac index from 1.4 .+-. 0.5 to 2.5 .+-. 0.4 liters/min/m2 (p < 0.001). Oxygen consumption (VO2)  was maintained even when oxygen delivery (DO2) was < 330 ml/min/m2. After treatment DO2 increased from 230 .+-. 69 to 397 .+-. 60 ml/min/m2 (p < 0.001) and VO2 from 103 .+-. 31 to 124 .+-. 27 ml/min/m2 (p < 0.05). Mean mixed venous oxygen saturation increased from 54 .+-. 16 to 69 .+-. 8% (p < 0.001) and mean oxygen extraction ratio decreased from 48 .+-. 16 to 31 .+-. 6% (p < 0.001). There was no correlation between cuff systolic blood pressure and mean arterial pressure before or after resuscitation. Thirteen patients survived to hospital discharge. When cardiogenic shock responds to treatment, large increases in DO2 lead to small increases in VO2 but large increases in mixed venous oxygen saturation, reflecting improved tissue oxygen availability.
The epidemiology of Hajj-related critical illness: Lessons for deployment of temporary critical care services; Rational: The annual Hail experience has direct relevance for other jurisdictions planning rapid deployment strategies for intensive care for large groups during expected or emergent events. Objective: Approximately 2-3 million Muslims from over 160 countries travel to Saudi Arabia each year for Hajj. These pilgrims are typically older adults with a spectrum of comorbid conditions and of various ethnicities. This, coupled with a 2-wk period of physical migration in close contact with others, can lead to acute and critical illness from a variety of infectious and noninfectious causes and a requirement for full-scale but temporary intensive care to a large population. We describe patient characteristics, patterns of disease, and critical illness, including episodes of Influenza A 2009 (H1N1), therapies delivered, and clinical outcomes. Methods: Prospective cohort study of 110 critically ill patients in four hospitals during the 2009 ("1431"; November 18 to December 4) Hajj in Saudi Arabia. Measurements and Main Results: Median (interquartile range) age was 60.5 (51.3-70) yrs, 69 (62.7%) were male, and Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation IV score was 60.5 (47-78.3). Forty-one patients (37.3%) were critically ill due to cardiovascular diseases (23.6% with myocardial infarction); 51 (46.4%) had severe infections (21.8% with H1N1); electrolyte disturbance (21.8%); or pulmonary illness (15.5%). Sixty patients (54.6%) required ventilation. Median predicted mortality by Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation IV was 14% while actual short-term mortality was 6.4% (p = .009). Longer-term mortality may be higher. Conclusion: Both event-specific conditions and patient-specific comorbid conditions are common causes of critical illness during large gatherings. With the ability to provide temporary but full-service intensive care, morbidity and mortality due to critical illness can be low, even among an older patient population and difficult care conditions. (Crit Care Med 2012; 40:829-834)
Clinical utility of a screening protocol for blunt cerebrovascular injury using computed tomography angiography; OBJECTIVE Blunt cerebrovascular injury (BCVI) occurs in approximately 1% of the blunt trauma population and may lead to stroke and death. Early vascular imaging in asymptomatic patients at high risk of having BCVI may lead to earlier diagnosis and possible stroke prevention. The objective of this study was to determine if the implementation of a formalized asymptomatic BCVI screening protocol with CT angiography (CTA) would lead to improved BCVI detection and stroke prevention. METHODS Patients with vascular imaging studies were identified from a prospective trauma registry at a single Level 1 trauma center between 2002 and 2008. Detection of BCVI and stroke rates were compared during the 3-year periods before and after implementation of a consensus-based asymptomatic BCVI screening protocol using CTA in 2005. RESULTS A total of 5480 patients with trauma were identified. The overall BCVI detection rate remained unchanged postprotocol compared with preprotocol (0.8% [24 of 3049 patients] vs 0.9% [23 of 2431 patients]; p = 0.53). However, postprotocol there was a trend toward a decreased risk of stroke secondary to BCVI on a trauma population basis (0.23% [7 of 3049 patients] vs 0.53% [13 of 2431 patients]; p = 0.06). Overall, 75% (35 of 47) of patients with BCVI were treated with antiplatelet agents, but no patient developed new or progressive intracranial hemorrhage despite 70% of these patients having concomitant traumatic brain injury. CONCLUSIONS The results of this study suggest that a CTA screening protocol for BCVI may be of clinical benefit with possible reduction in ischemic complications. The treatment of BCVI with antiplatelet agents appears to be safe.
Homocysteine, C-reactive protein, lipid peroxidation and mortality in haemodialysis patients; Background. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is common in haemodialysis patients with chronic renal insufficiency and is the leading cause of death. The accelerated state of atherosclerosis found in these patients is due to a combination of different mechanisms. Recent studies confirm that inflammation plays an important role in the development of atherosclerosis. However, the role of hyperhomocysteinaemia and the immune response to oxidation of low-density lipoproteins (LDL) remains unclear and studies show contradictory results. The objective of this study was to determine whether there is a relationship between inflammation, hyperhomocysteinaemia and oxidative stress and whether these CVD risk factors are predictors of mortality in haemodialysis patients. Methods. A prospective follow-up study was carried out in 94 stable, chronic haemodialysis patients for 24 months (July 1999-July 2001). All the patients were given folic acid and vitamin B complex supplements. Homocysteine was determined by fluorescence polarization immunoassay. C-reactive protein (CRP) levels were determined by chemiluminescent enzyme-labelled immunometric assay. Plasma copper oxidized anti-LDL (oxLDL) antibodies were measured by ELISA using native LDL and oxLDL as antigens. Results. Thirty-two patients died during the study and 59.3% of the deaths could be attributed to CVD (eight to acute myocardial infarction and 11 to non-coronary vascular disease). The patients had slight hyperhomocysteinaemia (25.8 +/- 7.82 mumol/l), evidence of inflammation (CRP 5.16 mg/l (0.35-88.7)) and oxidative stress (oxLDL antibodies = 162 +/- 77 optical density at 495 nm x 1000). Age (P < 0.01), CRP (P = 0.03) and the oxLDL antibody titre (P < 0.01) were predictive of mortality. The patients who died from heart disease showed higher oxLDL antibody titres (P = 0.03). No correlation was found between homocysteine, CRP and the oxLDL antibody titre, or between serum homocysteine levels and the different causes of mortality. Conclusions. These results suggest that lipid peroxidation and inflammation, but not hyperhomocysteinaemia, are the main risk factors for mortality in haemodialysis patients receiving vitamin supplements. As the study was carried out in a relatively limited number of patients, our findings need to be confirmed in a larger patient population.
Effect of heme oxygenase-1 gene promoter polymorphism on cancer risk by histological subtype: A prospective study in arseniasis-endemic areas in Taiwan; Heme oxygenase (HO)-1 is upregulated by many stressful stimuli, including arsenic. A GT-repeat ((GT)n) polymorphism in the HO-1 gene promoter inversely modulates the levels of HO-1 induction. Previous HO-1 (GT)n polymorphism studies in relation to cancer risk have shown disparate results. We prospectively investigated the associations between HO-1 (GT)n polymorphism and cancer risk related to arsenic from drinking water. Totally, 1,013 participants from community-based cohorts of arseniasis-endemic areas in Taiwan were followed for 13 years. Allelic polymorphisms were classified into long (L, 27 (GT)n) and short (S, <27 (GT)n). Newly developed cases were identified through linkage with National Cancer Registry of Taiwan. Multivariate Cox proportional hazard methods were used to evaluate effects of the HO-1 polymorphism alone or combined with arsenic exposure. Results showed that participants with the S/S genotype had an increased risk of Bowen's disease (HR=10.49; 95% CI: 2.77-39.7), invasive skin cancer (HR=2.99; 95% CI: 1.13-7.87), and lung squamous cell carcinoma (HR=3.39; 95% CI: 1.15-9.95) versus those with L/S or L/L genotype. The S/S genotype combined with high arsenic exposure (>300 g/L) had a greater risk of skin cancer compared to the genotype alone. Consistent with previous findings, participants with the S-allele had a reduced risk of lung adenocarcinoma (HR=0.21; 95% CI: 0.03-0.68) versus those with L/L genotype. There were no significant differences in risk of urothelial carcinoma among the three genotypes. Associations of HO-1 (GT)n polymorphism with cancer risk differs by histological subtype and the polymorphism should be considered a modifier in the risk assessment of arsenic exposure. What's new? Heme oxygenase (HO)-1 defends cells against oxidative stress, but its protective effects are modulated by polymorphisms that shorten or lengthen the number of GT dinucleotide repeats in the gene promoter. Here, among cohorts in areas of Taiwan affected by endemic arsenic poisoning, individuals who were homozygous for short (GT)n polymorphisms (S/S, <27 dinucleotide repeats) were found to be at increased risk of skin cancer and lung squamous cell carcinoma. Arsenic exposure further increased skin cancer risk among S/S individuals. All S-allele carriers, however, had a reduced risk of lung adenocarcinoma, a malignancy unrelated to arsenic exposure.
Rate of Utilization and Determinants of Withdrawal of Care in Acute Ischemic Stroke Treated With Thrombolytics in USA; Background:Our current practices for utilization of thrombolytics are based on results of clinical trials with no or restricted use of withdrawal of care among treated patients. The increasing use of withdrawal of care in routine practice may lead to suboptimal outcomes among acute ischemic stroke patients.Methods:We determined the frequency of withdrawal of care and determined demographic and clinical characteristics, and in-hospital outcomes among thrombolytic-treated ischemic stroke patients stratified by use of withdrawal of care using National Inpatient Sample data files from 2002 to 2010.Results:Withdrawal of care during hospitalization was instituted in 4287 (3.3%) of the 130,437 acute ischemic stroke patients treated with thrombolytics. In the stepwise logistic regression analysis, women [odds ratio (OR) 1.2, 95% confidence interval (CI), (1.0-1.5)], presence of atrial fibrillation [OR 1.2, 95% CI, (1.0-1.5)], hemiplegia/hemiparesis [OR 1.4, 95% CI, (1.1-1.7)], aphasia [OR 1.2, 95% CI, (1.0-1.5)], and postthrombolytic intracerebral hemorrhage (OR 1.5, 95% CI, 1.1-1.8) were significant predictors of withdrawal of care among thrombolytic-treated ischemic stroke patient. Hospitals located in the west region [OR 1.7, 95% CI, (1.2-2.4)], and teaching hospitals [OR 1.4, 95% CI, (1.0-1.8)] were more likely to use withdrawal of care. In-hospital mortality (61% vs. 9.0%, P0.0001) were higher among those with withdrawal of care.Conclusions:Several individual-related and institution-related factors were associated with the use of withdrawal of care among thrombolytic-treated ischemic stroke patients. The excessively high mortality and resource utilization mandates a more evidence based policy for withdrawal of care in these patients.
tPA treatment for acute ischaemic stroke in patients with leukoaraiosis; Background and Purpose: Whether leukoaraiosis on baseline CT is associated with an increased risk of symptomatic intracerebral haemorrhage (sICH) or poor outcome following tissue plasminogen activator (tPA) treatment for acute ischaemic stroke is still a matter of debate. Objective: To investigate the relationship between the presence and severity of leukoaraiosis on baseline CT and the risk of sICH and functional outcome after tPA treatment for acute ischaemic stroke. Methods: A single-center observational cohort study with a retrospective analysis on consecutive patients with ischaemic stroke treated with tPA in the period 2002-2008. Outcome measures were the occurrence of sICH and functional outcome at 3 months. Results: Of the 400 patients, 24% had leukoaraiosis on their baseline CT. Eleven patients (11%) with leukoaraiosis versus thirteen (4%) patients without leukoaraiosis had a sICH [odds ratio (OR) 2.85 95%-CI 1.23-6.60, P = 0.02]. Multivariate analysis showed a non-significant trend towards an association of leukoaraiosis and sICH (OR 1.9, 95%-CI 0.78-4.68, P = 0.16). Leukoaraiosis was independently associated with poor functional outcome (OR 2.39, 95%-CI 1.21-4.72, P = 0.01). No difference was observed in the outcome measures amongst patients with moderate or severe leukoaraiosis. Conclusion: Our study demonstrates that patients treated with tPA and leukoaraiosis on their baseline CT are at greater risk of sICH and have a worse functional outcome compared to patients without leukoaraiosis. It is important to note that these results should not lead to exclusion of patients with leukoaraiosis for tPA treatment.
