total number of articles searched: 2313.
objectives: ['summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (cvds) impacts in mothers post-delivery.', 'summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (cvds) impacts in offspring post-delivery.', 'evaluate existing literature reporting the presence of gdm during pregnancy and its association with any cvd development post-delivery.', 'conduct a meta-analysis to assess the risk ratio (rr) of gdm and overall and subtypes of cvds in both mothers and offspring post-delivery.'].
epicardial fat thickness among neonates of diabetic mothers attending the neonatal intensive care unit at fayoum university hospital: a case control study.
no role of the third-trimester inflammatory factors in the association of gestational diabetes mellitus with postpartum cardiometabolic indicators.
effect of breastfeeding duration on coagulation in women with and without history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
all children deserve to be safe, mothers too: evidence and rationale supporting continuous glucose monitoring use in gestational diabetes within the medicaid population.
recurrent hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and subsequent maternal cardiovascular outcomes.
assessing healthcare providers' knowledge and care regarding cardiovascular risk of women diagnosed with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus.
hypertension and diabetes risk in patients with previous pregnancy-related disorders and the time to onset of the disease.
“early detection of cardiovascular risk factors in women following gestational diabetes mellitus: a cohort study”.
dysbiosis during pregnancy caused by diet leading to gestational obesity and other related disease: a review.
combined effects of prior gestational diabetes history and biorhythm disturbances on postpartum cardiovascular metabolic indicators.
gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with greater incidence of dementia during long-term post-partum follow-up.
association of lipid levels during gestation with preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus: the potential role of statins.
transient exposure to the diabetic milieu in gestational diabetes imposes a persistent phenotypic switch in human umbilical artery smooth muscle cells.
in utero exposure to maternal diabetes exacerbates dietary sodium intake-induced endothelial dysfunction by activating cyclooxygenase 2-derived prostanoids.
stretch-induced compliance mechanism in pregnancy-induced cardiac hypertrophy and the impact of cardiovascular risk factors.
inflammatory, metabolic and endothelial biomarkers before and after pregnancy complications.
thirty-day cardiovascular complications after delivery in individuals with gestational diabetes mellitus.
a meta-analysis of differences in thyroid and cardiac function between women with normal pregnancies and gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes mellitus and risk of type 2 diabetes 4 years after the index pregnancy in moroccan women.
beyond pregnancy: meta-analysis of lifestyle intervention for prevention of diabetes mellitus in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.
association between life's essential 8 and incident cardiovascular disease in women with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
gestational diabetes mellitus, circulating metabolites, and risk of future cardiovascular disease in us women.
pregnancy-associated risk factors for future cardiovascular disease–early prevention strategies warranted.
344 adverse pregnancy outcomes and predicted 30-year risk of maternal cardiovascular disease 2-7 years after delivery.
441 association of nocturnal heart rate and development of gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
346 hdp and gdm and predicted risk of maternal cardiovascular disease 10-14 years after delivery.
epicardial fat thickness in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and its association with n-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide.
preferred lifestyle intervention characteristics and behaviour change needs of postpartum women following cardiometabolic pregnancy complications.
effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on maternal cardiac function in pregnancy at tertiary care centre in rural karnataka.
diabetes in pregnancy and offspring cardiac function: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effects of multidimensional exercise management on self-efficacy, blood glucose control, and delivery outcomes in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes causes hyperactivity of the sympathetic nervous system and hypertension in adult mice offspring.
study to analyse independent association between abnormal bmi and obstetric co-morbidities.
maternal cardiac function in pregnancies with metabolic disorders.
gestational diabetes mellitus, follow-up of future maternal risk of cardiovascular disease and the use of ehealth technologies—a scoping review.
fetal echocardiography changes of the right ventricle of well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus.
the role of the fgf19 family in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes: a narrative review.
various combinations of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension in two pregnancies and associations with cardiovascular disease.
new heart block and failure: a case of isolated cardiac sarcoidosis.
prevention of cardiovascular disease in women with pregnancy-related risk factors: a prospective women’s heart clinic study.
swyer-james-macleod syndrome in pregnancy: a case report.
impaired myocardial deformation persists at 2 years in offspring of mothers with diabetes mellitus.
maternal cardiovascular disorders before and during pregnancy and offspring cardiovascular risk across the life course.
(over‑)nutrition and its impact on placenta function: changes in maternal–fetal exchange in obesity and gestational diabetes.
poor glucose control and markers of placental dysfunction correlate with increased circulating fetal microchimerism in diabetic pregnancies.
po2_03. body mass composition indices and circulating lipids one or three years after pregnancy complications.
investigating long-term complications of gestational diabetes using real-world data.
lower nt-probnp and higher cardiovascular risk factors in south asian vs nordic women 1-3 years after gestational diabetes.
adipose tissue insulin resistance, liver fat and fetuin-a in south asian and nordic women after gestational diabetes.
histone epigenetic signature and gestational diabetes: role of the acetyltransferase p300 in the transmission of the maternal phenotype to the offspring.
is there any correlation between qt dispersion and echocardiographic indices in term neonates with and without maternal gestational diabetes mellitus?.
root causes of long-term complications of gestational diabetes mellitus: metabolic disturbances of the host and gut microbiota.
a randomised controlled trial of preconception lifestyle intervention on maternal and offspring health in people with increased risk of gestational diabetes: study protocol for the before the beginning trial.
women's heart clinics to prevent cardiovascular disease in women with pregnancy-related risk factors: a prospective study.
sociodemographic and clinical characteristics associated with improved awareness of cardiovascular disease risk in women with past pregnancy complications.
maternal myocardial alterations during pregnancy and their recovery twelve months' post-partum in women with pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes or preeclampsia- a single centre, longitudinal cohort study.
adverse pregnancy outcomes, cardiovascular disease risk and lifestyle behaviours in premenopausal females.
the association between placenta-mediated diseases of pregnancy and postpartum maternal cardiovascular disease risk factors: a systematic review.
analysis of cardiovascular complications during delivery admissions associated with covid-19.
synergistic effects of maternal diabetes and hif-1α dysregulation on embryonic development of cardiac sympathetic innervation.
impact of maternal gestational diabetes on fetal perinatal cardiac adaptation and cardiovascular health outcomes in offspring.
maternal pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes and the risk of bicuspid aortic valve in the offspring.
the nest study: nicom vs echo in the screening of transient hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy (hocum).
role of cord blood igf-1 and maternal hba1c levels to predict interventricular septal hypertrophy among infants of diabetic mothers: a case-control study.
'essentia-lly alkalemic': severe metabolic alkalosis and life-threatening hypokalemia after chronic alkali water consumption: a case report.
the 4th trimester: assessing long-term cardiovascular outcomes and health equity in a large midwestern health system.
idf2022-0499 the association between maternal glucose levels in pregnancy and post-partum hypertension.
idf2022-1173 various combinations of gestational diabetes and gestation hypertension in two pregnancies and associations with cvd.
maternal and perinatal outcomes in recurrent gestational diabetes (rgdm) - implications for screening, monitoring and management.
placental fatty acid transport and metabolism in a rat model of gestational diabetes mellitus.
post-natal folate supplementation increases cardiac expression of dnmt-1 abrogates cardiac hypertrophy in ofspring of diabetic dams.
machine learning prediction of early postpartum prediabetes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
u-shaped association between folic acid supplementation and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in chinese women.
alliance for innovation on maternal health: consensus bundle on cardiac conditions in obstetric care.
long-term effects of preeclampsia on maternal cardiovascular health and postpartum utilization of primary care: an observational claims data study.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and the development of short-term maternal cardiovascular disease risk factors.
cardiovascular diseases among macrosomic infants of diabetic mothers.
third trimester hba1c as a prognostic indicator in the prediction of large-for-gestational age babies in south indian women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study.
cardiovascular risk assessment in women after pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional, single center study.
relationship between maternal factors and preterm infant birth: a case-control study.
a hospital based prospective study to assess association between birth weight and maternal risk factors.
histo pathological changes in the placenta of women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
congenital heart disease in infant of diabetic mother delivered at trichy srm medical college and hospital.
quantitative evaluation of left ventricular systolic function in hyperglycemia during pregnancy by left ventricular pressure-strain loop.
increased cardiovascular risk after gestational diabetes.
continuous glucose monitoring: benefits and limitations during pregnancy.
association between maternal factors and risk of congenital heart disease in offspring: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
interconception care for the women who suffered from hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein and adiponectin levels in woman with early diagnosed gestational diabetes (gdm).
the obstetric aspects of maternal asthma.
adverse effects of black carbon (bc) exposure during pregnancy on maternal and fetal health: a contemporary review.
female-specific risk factors for cardiovascular disease.
investigating opportunities to prevent type 2 diabetes mellitus after gestational diabetes mellitus: the divine-nsw study.
insight into genetic, biological, and environmental determinants of sexual-dimorphism in type 2 diabetes and glucose-related traits.
lasting hematopoietic memory induced by gestational diabetes contributes to atherosclerosis development in adult offspring.
clinical, echographic and evolutionary characteristics of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infants of diabetic mothers.
association between adverse pregnancy outcomes and n-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide 2-7 years after delivery: numom2b heart health study.
exploring the long-term outcomes following a pregancy affected by gestational diabetes: elope-gdm project.
cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity in women with previous gestational diabetes: a nationwide register-based cohort study.
role of histone methyltransferase mll1-driven h3k4me3 in the transmission of oxidative and inflammatory phenothypes to the offspring of women with gestational diabetes.
a nationwide cohort study on the impact of gestational diabetes on future cardiovascular events.
maternal pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes and the prevalence of septal defects in the offspring.
early life determinants of arterial stiffness in neonates, infants, children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
the impact of gestational diabetes in pregnancy on the cardio-vascular system of children at one year of age.
second-trimester constituents of the metabolic syndrome and pregnancy outcome: an observational cohort study.
gestational diabetes, preeclampsia and the maternal heart.
systolic blood pressure (bp) is associated with carotid intima-media thickness (cimt) independently of type 2 diabetes predisposition in minority children.
maternal diabetes and postnatal high-fat diet on pregnant offspring.
extracellular vesicles as an index for endothelial injury and cardiac dysfunction in a rodent model of gdm.
is the risk of cardiovascular disease in women with pre-eclampsia modified by very low or very high offspring birth weight? a nationwide cohort study in norway.
idf21-0485 hyperglycaemia in pregnancy is associated with cardiovascular and renal risk among aboriginal women in australia.
cardiovascular risk clustering and vascular phenotype associations in mothers and six-year-old children.
early screening for gestational diabetes - experience of a community health center.
gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease.
early detection of cardiovascular risk factors and definition of psychosocial profile in women through a systematic approach: the monzino women heart center's experience.
fetal cerebral three-dimensional power doppler vascularization indices and their relationships with maternal glucose levels in pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes.
biochemical profiling study in umbilical cord blood in mothers with metabolic disorders.
first trimester metabolomics 1h-nmr study of the urinary profile predicts gestational diabetes mellitus development in obese women.
very high 50-gram glucose challenge test results and the risk for future cardio-metabolic morbidities.
gestational and pregestational diabetes as risk factors for postpartum readmission for cardiovascular disease complications.
long-term cardiovascular outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective population-based uk biobank study.
cardiac troponin t in neonates from normal and gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancy.
can gestational diabetes mellitus be prevented by life style interventions?.
women's knowledge and care concerning long-term cardiovascular risk after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes.
elevated mst1 leads to apoptosis via depletion of yap1 in cardiomyocytes exposed to high glucose.
variations in awareness of association between adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular risk by specialty.
neonatal myocardial infarction in association with gestational diabetes.
atherogenic lipid indices in gestational diabetes mellitus-to worry or not to worry?.
long-term consequences of placental vascular pathology on the maternal and offspring cardiovascular systems.
association of gestational diabetes with subclinical cardiovascular disease on echocardiogram and endothelial function testing.
cardiovascular risk profile and gestational diabetes mellitus by maternal nativity and length of us residence in racially diverse, urban, low income population in the united states.
interconception care for primary care providers: consensus recommendations on preconception and postpartum management of reproductive-age patients with medical comorbidities.
epigenetic regulation of oxidative and inflammatory phenotypes in women with gestational diabetes and offspring.
cardiac function in fetal and infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes.
gestational diabetes mellitus: major risk factors and pregnancy-related outcomes: a cohort study.
laparoscopically-confirmed endometriosis and risk of incident stroke: a prospective cohort study.
hyperglycaemic memory: role of epigenetic signature in the transmission of gestational diabetes-associated inflammatory and pro-oxidant phenotype.
gestational diabetes mellitus : what after delivery ?.
cardiac changes in infants of diabetic mothers.
maternal cardiac function at 19-23 weeks' gestation in prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus.
associations of body composition and physical fitness with gestational diabetes and cardiovascular health in pregnancy: results from the healthymoms trial.
single-cell transcriptomic profiling unveils cardiac cell-type specific response to maternal hyperglycemia underlying the risk of congenital heart defects.
characteristics of myocardial infarction and early presentation after pregnancy among women with prior adverse pregnancy outcomes.
the associations between adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular delivery complications: the national inpatient sample.
breastfeeding is associated with lower prevalence of metabolic syndrome in women with recent gestational diabetes in the early postpartum period.
role of lipid management in women's health preventive care.
persistent aortic stiffness and left ventricular hypertrophy in children of diabetic mothers.
postpartum cardiovascular risk screening in a northern community clinic vs. a tertiary centre clinic.
effectiveness of a risk reduction program for women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes.
long-term risk for maternal cardiovascular morbidities in twin pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus–a retrospective cohort study†.
previous pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and hypertension place women at high cardiovascular risk: but do we ask?.
general practitioners’ knowledge about pregnancy complications associated with long-term cardiovascular risk.
knowledge of gestational diabetes mellitus among antenatal women in obstetrics and gynaecology clinic, public hospital malaysia.
doppler ultrasound assessment of fetal mca and umbilical arteries in patients with gestational diabetes versus normal pregnancies.
feasibility of an mhealth postpartum lifestyle intervention for women with cardiometabolic risk pre-and mid-covid: the fit after baby pilot randomized controlled trial.
our experience in a childhood stroke clinic. potential applications of neurosonological examination.
gestational diabetes mellitus—innovative approach to prediction, diagnosis, management, and prevention of future ncd—mother and offspring.
nutrition and metabolic adaptations in physiological and complicated pregnancy: focus on obesity and gestational diabetes.
obstetrical complications and long-term cardiovascular outcomes.
interactions between race/ethnicity, poverty status, and pregnancy cardio-metabolic diseases in prediction of postpartum cardio-metabolic health.
the impact of maternal diabetes on fetal left atrial size and function.
assessment of atrial conduction time and p wave dispersion in patient with gestational diabetes mellitus.
endocrinology and covid-19: a multifaceted interaction.
changes in cardiometabolic risk factors following complications of pregnancy among hispanic/latina women of the hispanic community health study/study of latinos, 2008-2017.
impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on maternal cardiac adaptation to pregnancy.
insulin clearance is altered in women with a history of gestational diabetes progressing to type 2 diabetes.
sympathetic nervous system activity and reactivity in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
effects of overexpression of nrf2 protein on placental oxidative stress and fetal cardiac function in pregnant mice with gestational diabetes mellitus.
greater breastfeeding length and intensity after gestational diabetes is associated with improved glucose tolerance test in a subsequent pregnancy: the bliing study.
maternal cardiovascular risk after hypertensive pregnancy: nsw health population data.
cardiovascular risk profiles among women by gestational diabetes status, 2007-2016.
hearing outcomes in children of diabetic pregnancies.
amino acid and lipid metabolism in postgestational diabetes and progression to type 2 diabetes: a metabolic profiling study.
association of hemoglobin a1c with early postpartum metabolic syndrome in women with gestational diabetes.
cardiometabolic risk factors in pregnancy and implications for long-term health: identifying the research priorities for low-resource settings.
circrnas signature as potential diagnostic and prognostic biomarker for diabetes mellitus and related cardiovascular complications.
dietary fiber and blueberry intervention lowers gestational weight gain and c-reactive protein in women at high risk for gestational diabetes.
massive cardiomegaly in a newborn secondary to unsuspected maternal diabetes mimicking congenital heart disease: a diagnosis made at autopsy.
healthy lifestyle factors and cardiovascular disease risk in a prospective cohort of women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
assessment of subtle myocardial dysfunction in asymptomatic infants of diabetic mothers.
a population-based study of diabetes during pregnancy in spain (2009–2015): trends in incidence, obstetric interventions, and pregnancy outcomes.
cardiac involvement in newborn of diabetic mothers.
effects of individualized nutritional nursing in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus complicated with hypertensive disorder.
importance of postpartum reclassification of gestational diabetes for the prevention of medium- and long-term complications.
672 no suggestion of cardiac hypertrophy or dysfunction in infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes.
impact of maternal diabetes on fetal left atrial function.
pregnancy related stroke. a call to increase awareness.
gestational diabetes mellitus.
postpartum interventions to reduce long-term cardiovascular disease risk in women after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: a systematic review.
follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with gestational diabetes treated with insulin and/or oral glucose-lowering agents: a core outcome set using a delphi survey.
gestational diabetes(gdm) as great obstetrical syndrome(gos).
unique cardiovascular risk factors in women.
evaluation of cardiac function in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes.
characterisation of gestational hyperglycaemia effect on the modulation of biochemical profile in diabetic mothers and their newborns.
factors associated with future cardiovascular disease in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes.
gestational diabetes in mothers and long term cardiovascular disease in both parents: results of over a decade follow-up.
gestational weight gain but not gestational diabetes associate with altered heart rate variability in 2 year old children.
women's and healthcare providers’ perceptions of long-term complications associated with hypertension and diabetes in pregnancy: a qualitative study.
metabolomic and transcriptomic profiling of rat offspring exposed to gestational diabetes reveals altered cardiac gene expression and metabolism.
effect of well-controlled gestational diabetes on left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in neonates.
glucose screening in pregnancy to predict future cardiovascular risk.
mechanisms of accelerated ageing in gestational diabetic vasculature.
diabetic pregnancy and maternal high-fat diet impair mitochondrial dynamism in the developing fetal rat heart by sex-specific mechanisms.
risk factors, imaging findings, and sex differences in spontaneous coronary artery dissection.
early vs. standard screening and treatment of gestational diabetes in high-risk women – an attempt to determine relative advantages and disadvantages.
vascular remodeling and gestational diabetes mellitus.
maternal cardiovascular risk assessment 3-to-11 years postpartum in relation to previous occurrence of pregnancy-related complications.
is the child at risk? cardiovascular remodelling in children born to diabetic mothers.
cardiac mitochondrial function in the offspring of sedentary and exercised mothers with gestational diabetes.
maternal obesity and gestational diabetes associations with offspring body composition and left ventricular diastolic function in early childhood-radiel study follow-up.
intrauterine metformin exposure and offspring cardiometabolic risk factors (pedmet study): a 5–10 year follow-up of the pregmet randomised controlled trial.
a pilot randomised controlled trial of a text messaging intervention with customisation using linked data from wireless wearable activity monitors to improve risk factors following gestational diabetes.
associations between fatty acid-binding protein 4–a proinflammatory adipokine and insulin resistance, gestational and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
exosome from flk-1+ endothelial progenitors ameliorates maternal diabetes-induced neural tube defects.
gestational diabetes is associated with fetal endothelial progenitor cells impairment.
gestational diabetes risk factors and long-term consequences for both mother and offspring: a literature review.
824: maternal congenital heart defects and long-term cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring.
390: high density lipoprotein: composition and function in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.
gender differences in stroke risk factors.
left ventricular mass in offspring of diabetic mothers: at 5–7 years old.
epigenetic down-regulation of sirt 1 via dna methylation and oxidative stress signaling contributes to the gestational diabetes mellitus-induced fetal programming of heart ischemia-sensitive phenotype in late life.
gestational weight gain particularly affects the risk of large for gestational age infants in non-obese mothers.
cardiovascular health of preteen and teenage children of diabetic mothers: evidence of early cardiovascular programming.
development and validation of a risk prediction model for cardiovascular disease in women of reproductive age.
maternal obesity and gestational diabetes effect on offspring body composition and left ventricular diastolic function in early childhood.
maternal hyperglycemia and fetal cardiac development: clinical impact and underlying mechanisms.
the global burden of hyperglycemia in pregnancy – trends from studies in the last decade.
human fetoplacental arterial and venous endothelial cells are differentially programmed by gestational diabetes mellitus, resulting in cell-specific barrier function changes.
effect of gestational diabetes and insulin resistance on offspring’s myocardial relaxation kinetics at three years of age.
post-operative outcomes of infants of diabetic mothers undergoing neonatal heart surgery.
maternal obesity and gestational diabetes affect child body composition but are not related with offspring left ventricle mass 6 years postpartum.
exposure to gestational diabetes alters cardiac gene expression and metabolism in the rat offspring and induces cardiac dysfunction with age.
contribution of hypertension to severe maternal morbidity.
effect of exercise modality on markers of insulin sensitivity and blood glucose control in pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
son of diabetic mother: cardiac alterations from the fetus to the newborn.
the coffee clinic. a clinical and academic program to reduce cardiovascular risk after complications of pregnancy.
long term (>1year) postpartum glucose tolerance status among indian women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) diagnosed by iadpsg criteria.
assessment of subclinical atherosclerosis in premenopausal women who were previously investigated for gestational diabetes mellitus.
elevated plasma levels of galactin-3 in women with gestational diabetes mellitus, a new surrogate for cardiovascular disease in women?.
obesity in pregnancy as a model to identify women at risk for later metabolic syndrome.
transgenerational implications of gestational diabetes and maternal adiposity for offspring body composition and diastolic function: 6 years follow-up.
gestational diabetes influences the expression of hypertrophic genes in left ventricle of rat's offspring.
effects of gestational and pregestational diabetes mellitus on the foetal heart: a cross-sectional study.
haemodynamic changes amongst women who were screened for gestational diabetes in comparison to healthy controls.
the effects of metformin on maternal haemodynamics in gestational diabetes mellitus: a pilot study.
is angptl4marker the epigenetical programpredisposition to cad in offspring?.
transgenerational effects of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes on child body composition and left ventricle mass-radiel study 6 years follow-up.
ten year predicted cardiovascular disease risk in young women with adverse pregnancy outcomes.
myocardial remodeling in offspring of diabetic mothers extends into early childhood.
maternal obesity as a risk factor for the development of total anomalous pulmonary venous connection in their offspring.
the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on the plasma proteome of children at 5-10 years of age.
development and modification of a mobile health program for postpartum women at elevated risk for cardiometabolic disease.
association of pregnancy-related factors and cardiovascular disease in the long term.
invited commentary: gestational hypertension and diabetes-a major public health concern.
metformin for diabetes prevention: insights gained from the diabetes prevention program/diabetes prevention program outcomes study.
the effect of maternal gestational diabetes and hba1c on hypertrophic cardiomyopathy of infants.
associations between maternal pregnancy, social and lifestyle characteristics and offspring blood pressure at age 4/5 in white british and pakistani origin participants in the born in bradford study.
maternal metabolic diseases related to pre-pregnancy overweight and obesity in mexican women with high risk pregnancy.
assessment of cardiac function in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers during in the second trimester.
biomarkers of vascular injury after recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy.
pcos a multifaceted disease in need of a multidisciplinary approach.
the co-existence of hiv infection and obesity with risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in black africans in sub saharan africa.
preeclampsia and future cardiovascular health.
outcome of pregnancies and deliveries before and after ischemic stroke? a retrospective matched cohort study.
assessment of fetal myocardial performance index in women with pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus.
cardiovascular malformations in infants of diabetic mothers: a retrospective case-control study.
association of hypertriglyceridaemia with gestational diabetes and adverse pregnancy outcomes.
systemic levels of angiogenesis and angiostasis cxc chemokines are differed in neonates delivered mothers suffering gestational diabetes mellitus and their neonates.
cardiac involvement in the newborn of diabetic mother. usefulness of echocardiographic assessment.
obstructive sleep apnea in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal outcomes: a national cohort.
left ventricular mass in offspring of diabetic mothers: at 5-7 years old.
pregnancy after bariatric surgery: improving outcomes for mother and child.
preconceptional and maternal obesity: epidemiology and health consequences.
the impaired myocardial ischemic tolerance in adult offspring of diabetic pregnancy is restored by maternal melatonin treatment.
gestational diabetes programs mitochondrial dysfunction and impairs cardiac function in the offspring.
relationship between insulin resistance during pregnancy and diastolic dysfunction in early childhood.
impact of pregnancy complications on presentation, severity, and outcomes in acute coronary syndrome.
premature cardiovascular disease following a history of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy.
study of regional left ventricular longitudinal function in fetuses with gestational diabetes mellitus by velocity vector imaging.
are women with a history of gestational diabetes, without any current weight or glucose metabolism disorders, at a higher risk of cardiovascular disease?.
diabetes in pregnancy.
prepregnancy diabetes and offspring risk of congenital heart disease: a nationwide cohort study.
cardiac remodeling in the offspring of mothers with diabetes persists into early infancy.
ischemia modified albumin, cardiac troponin t and n-terminal pro-b type natriuretic peptide levels in infants of diabetic mothers.
early postpartum sleep and substantial postpartum weight retention in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
impact of systemic inflammation on the progression of gestational diabetes mellitus.
renal function during pregnancy may predict risk of future hospitalization due to atherosclerotic-related morbidity.
troponin t and nt probnp levels in gestational, type 1 and type 2 diabetic mothers and macrosomic infants.
screening for diabetes mellitus in patients with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus: a comparison of practice patterns and adherence to the recommended guidelines in community teaching hospitals.
development of a risk score for predicting hypertension in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes.
altered dna methylation in neonates born large-for-gestationalage is associated with cardiometabolic risk in children.
altered dna methylation in neonates born large-for-gestational-age is associated with cardiometabolic risk in children.
gestational diabetes mellitus as a risk factor for development of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases.
maternal high-fat diet exacerbates developmentally programmed cardio vascular disease in offspring of diabetic pregnancies through im paired cardiac metabolism.
the influence of gestational diabetes on fetal and maternal heart rate variability during an oral glucose tolerance test.
baseline characteristics and cardiovascular outcomes in women with a history of gestational diabetes in the evaluation of lixisenatide in acute coronary syndrome trial.
rankl levels are lower in pregnant women with gdm compared with pregnant women without gdm.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and child cardiometabolic health.
gestational diabetes mellitus as an independant risk factor for long-term pediatric cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring.
down-regulation of placental glucose transporter (glut)-1 in pre-eclampsia.
elevated maternal glucose levels during gestation may confer specific risk for tetralogy of fallot.
maternal high fat diet and late gestational diabetes mellitus impairs pulmonary vasculogenesis in offspring of diabetic mothers.
arterial stiffness and hemodynamics in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes: a prospective longitudinal study.
insulin resistance and large amounts of visceral fat characterise women with previous gestational diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
effect of maternal diabetes on fetal programming of vascular remodeling mechanisms in adult rats.
the relationship between the oxidative stress and the cardiac hypertrophy in infants of diabetic mothers.
history of gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (cvd) in a large prospective cohort of u.s. women.
cardiovascular disease risk factors in maternal diabetes are associated with placental vasculopathy.
placental pathologic changes in women with gestational diabetes reflect those observed in type 2 diabetes.
birth outcomes and risk or protective factors of ventricular septal defects during pregnancy.
premenopausal risk factors for cardiovascular disease in later life.
change in cardiometabolic risk factors with postpartum changes in weight and waist circumference in women with recent gestational diabetes.
stillbirth in the pregnancy complicated by diabetes.
effect of maternal diabetes on the embryo, fetus, and children: congenital anomalies, genetic and epigenetic changes and developmental outcomes.
sex specific impaired cardiac function in adult progeny of mothers with pregestational diabetes.
role of mtor and mir-143 in metabolic reprogramming in the placenta with gestational diabetes mellitus.
the mother - the long-term implications on metabolic and cardiovascular complications.
thyroid diseases during pregnancy: a number of important issues.
prematurity, smallness-for-gestational age and later hospital admissions: a nation-wide registry study.
pregnancy complications as risk factors for future cardiovascular disease and diabetes.
clinical and echocardiographic findings in newborns of diabetic mothers.
keap1-nrf2 regulated redox signaling in utero: priming of disease susceptibility in offspring.
elevated cardiovascular risk factors among appalachian women with a history of pregnancy complications.
family history of cardiovascular disease is an independent predictor of gestational hypertensive disease and diabetes: the korean nurses' survey.
the diabetic pregnancy and offspring adiposity in childhood: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
evaluation of left ventricular myocardial functions using strain, and strain rate echo in pregnant patients with gestational diabetes.
epicardial fat, and intima-media thickness in patients with gestational diabetes.
intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and risk of autoimmune, cardiovascular and malignant diseases: a population-based cohort study of 125,281 swedish women.
association of stillbirth with type 2 diabetes development and future cardiovascular events in women with and without gestational diabetes: a population-based cohort study.
blood pressure, microalbuminuria and weight gain in women with gestational diabetes.
gestational diabetes alters the expression of extracellular matrix proteins in the human placenta.
effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) on arterial stiffness.
obesity and weight gain and hypertension in women with gestational diabetes.
low level inflammatory immune response in gestational diabetes mellitus patients.
congenital heart disease in the newborns of iranian diabetic mothers.
current metabolic status by history of gestational diabetes among south asian women: the masala study.
a novel assessment of fetal wellbeing in gestational diabetic pregnancies: the fetal myocardial performance index.
impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac morphology and performance.
continuous glucose monitoring system and new era of early diagnosis of diabetes in high risk groups.
a fatal case of cardiomyopathy in a neonate of a diabetic mother.
use of emergency room after medically complicated pregnancy: a medicaid claims analysis.
maternal outcomes and follow-up after gestational diabetes mellitus.
elevated neonatal leptin is associated with fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy but not cardiac dysfunction.
correlation of genetic risk factors for type ii diabetes with gestational diabetes in women from hawaii.
frequency of congenital heart diseases in infants of diabetic mothers referred to pediatrics department.
recognizing pregnancy-associated cardiovascular risk factors.
evaluation of cardiac functions of infants of diabetic mothers using tissue doppler echocardiography.
transmission of obesity-adiposity and related disorders from the mother to the baby.
relation between abdominal subcutaneous fat tissue thickness and inflammatory markers during pregnancy.
prolonged qt dispersion in the infants of diabetic mothers.
risk factors of hypertensive pregnancies in women with diabetes and the influence on their future life.
cardiac malformations in neonates born from mothers with gestational diabetes.
the role of lactation in gdm women.
noninvasive assessment of subclinical atherosclerosis in normotensive patients with gestational diabetes.
is increased epicardial adipose tissue is a sign of cardiovascular disease in women with gestational diabetes mellitus?.
exploring the relationship between increased arterial stiffness and myocardial hypertrophy in infants of diabetic mothers.
interaction between maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus and long-term development of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease: a population-level analysis.
an innovative home-based cardiovascular lifestyle prevention program for women with recent gestational diabetes: a pilot feasibility study.
cardiovascular disease in menopause: does the obstetric history have any bearing?.
aortic stiffness and wave reflections in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus: a longitudinal study.
serum adiponectin levels in women with previous gestational diabetes.
natural time course of aortic stiffness and wave reflections in normal pregnancy and in gestational diabetes: a longitudinal study.
analysis of maternal and fetal cardiovascular systems during hyperglycemic pregnancy in the nonobese diabetic mouse.
circulating nucleosomes and plasma free dna are increased in abnormal pregnancies.
maternal dietary intake during pregnancy has longstanding consequences for the health of her offspring.
predictors of postpartum primary care utilization forwomenwith medically complicated pregnancies: an analysis of medical claims data.
diagnostic problems of cardiac involvement in newborn of diabetic mother.
cholesterol abnormalities are common in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes/pcos.
primetime (prevent risk in mothers early through interventions managed electronically): a pregnancy and postpartum lifestyle intervention in obese women-protocol paper.
intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes is associated with increased aortic stiffness in early and late infancy.
pregnancy as a cardiovascular challenge test: evaluation of hypertension and diabetes in pregnancy as predictors for cardiovascular disease among 15,175 women aged 49-70 years.
impaired lipid transport in gestational diabetes.
pcos related to fetal origins of disease.
gestational diabetes mellitus, placental histomorphometry, and cardiovascular disease risk: does race/ethnicity matter?.
postpartum dyslipidemia is highly prevalent in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and long term maternal cardiovascular morbidity in a follow-up period of more than a decade.
impaired redox signaling in fetal endothelial cells in pregnancy-associated diseases.
maternal obesity and the fetal origins of the metabolic syndrome.
levels of the inflammatory marker ykl-40 in young adults exposed to intrauterine hyperglycaemia.
left and right ventricular longitudinal cardiac strain in fetuses of diabetic mothers.
left ventricular function in newborn infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus.
ethnicity and adverse pregnancy outcomes: a cohort study.
lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancy successfully improves cardiovascular and metabolic health: results of the pro-active study.
maternal haemodynamics at 11-13 weeks of gestation and adverse pregnancy outcomes.
arterial stiffness in women with previous gdm - a follow up of chinese hapo study cohort.
cardiac involvement in the newborn of diabetic mother.
previous gestational diabetes is independently associated with increased carotid intima-media thickness, similarly to metabolic syndrome - a case control study.
heart disease in the newborn of diabetic mother usefulness of echocardiographic assessment.
exposure to the diabetic intrauterine environment is associated with ventricular hypertrophy in early & late infancy.
gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancy is associated with subsequent atherosclerosis in women during midlife: cardia.
infants of diabetic mothers: echocardiographic measurements and cord blood igf-i and igfbp-1.
cardiovascular risk related to gestational diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome: are women aware?.
exposure to the diabetic intrauterine environment is associated with ventricular hypertrophy in early and late infancy.
relationship between physical activity practice following delivery and the metabolic profile of women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.
frequency and clinical significance of placental histological lesions in an unselected population at or near term.
assesment of diastolic ventricular function in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers.
high levels of cardiometabolic risk, knowledge, and risk perception co-occur with low self-efficacy to prevent cardiometabolic disease in american indian women with previous gestational diabetes.
[influence of glucose homeostasis on maturation and ontogenesis of fetus].
circulating cytokines, chemokines and adhesion molecules in euglycemic gestational diabetes.
evaluation of endothelial function in patients with gestational diabetes.
influence of the glucose tolerance test on pro-atherogenic modification of ldl and its relation to paraoxonase activity.
heart involvement in the offspring of mothers with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus: a retrospective descriptive study.
gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for future cardiovascular disease.
unfavourable cytokine profile and increase of oxidative stress during and after pregnancy in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
do circulating angiogenic factors in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus predict angiogenic factors and endothelial function postpartum?.
women's diabetic and cardiovascular risks with gdm during pregnancy-a follow up of hapo study.
risk of hypertension after the gestational diabetes: findings from a large multi-ethnicity cohort study in louisiana.
gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with cardiovascular disease differentially by race.
fetal programming effect related to prenatal exposure to diabetes-a population-basedstudy.
characterization of fetal cardiac structure and function detected by echocardiography in women with normal pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus.
placental vascular dysfunction in diabetic pregnancies: intimations of fetal cardiovascular disease?.
reference curve of the fetal ventricular septum area by the stic method: preliminary study.
diastolic dysfunction in fetuses of diabetic mothers, prenatal two dimensional and doppler echocardiography study.
microalbuminuria in women with prior gestational diabetes.
c-reactive protein and interleukin 6 are related to metabolic syndrome in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
a high fat to muscle mass ratio drives elevated plasma glucose and insulin levels in pregnancy.
intrauterine hyperglycemia and increased blood pressure in the offspring of diabetic rat.
cardiovascular risk following diagnosis of gestational diabetes: diabetes in pregnancy mother baby study 3.
update on sleep and its disorders.
preferences for postpartum lifestyle counseling among women sharing an increased cardiovascular and metabolic risk: a focus group study.
obesity and obstetric anaesthesia.
outcomes in women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus. screening and prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus. literature review.
recognizing and improving health care disparities in the prevention of cardiovascular disease in women.
cardiovascular system disease of infants born to diabetic mothers and follow-up.
exposure to hyperglycemia in utero results in sex specific cardiovascular changes in adulthood.
cardiovascular predictors in gestational diabetes.
arterial stiffness of young women with previous gestational diabetes.
postpartum lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancy proves feasible.
bisphenol a exposure during pregnancy disrupts glucose homeostasis in mothers and adult male offspring.
changes in serum lipid levels during pregnancy in type 1 and type 2 diabetic subjects.
oxidative stress may stay elevated after gestational diabetic and even healthy pregnancies.
association of fatty liver index (fli) with parameters of insulin sensitivity in women with prior gestational diabetes.
alterations in diastolic function and lipid metabolism occur with the onset of overt hyperglycaemia in women with prior gestational diabetes.
cardiac function and lipid metabolism in women with prior gestational diabetes.
assessment of fatty liver index (fli) in relation to insulin sensitivity in women with prior gestational diabetes.
gestational diabetes: high risk for future diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
endothelium dependent hemostatic factors and subclinical inflammation in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
mean platelet volume in women with previous gestational diabetes and its alteration during pregnancy.
the placenta and the gut: regulation of barrier functions and inflammation by the maternal gut flora.
barriers to followup care in women with recent gestational diabetes mellitus: a qualitative study.
the 6-week postpartum oral glucose tolerance test for women with gestational diabetes: an opportune time for risk assessment and for implementing lifestyle changes.
increased risk of hypertension after gestational diabetes: findings from a large prospective cohort study.
structural and functional characteristics of the common carotid artery inwomen with gestational diabetes mellitus.
maternal exercise dose response effect on fetal heart rate and variability.
assessment of mean platelet volume of pregnants with gestational diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance as a marker of future cardiovascular disease risk.
population levels of folic acid and vitamin b12 and their implications: do we need to consider b12 fortification to prevent gestational diabetes and future cardiovascular risk?.
in response to oxidative stress, the expression of inflammatory cytokines and antioxidant enzymes are impaired in placenta, but not adipose tissue, of women with gestational diabetes.
the impact of insulin resistance on woman's health and potential treatment options.
serum homocysteine level in gestational diabetes: a prospective study.
circulating and placental growth-differentiation factor 15 in preeclampsia and in pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus.
the role of recurrence of gestational diabetes (gdm) on long-term maternal glucose tolerance and cardiovascular risk.
gdm: maternal risks at follow-up.
antioxidant responses in fetal endothelial cells isolated from gestational diabetic pregnancies: impaired redox signaling and nrf2/are mediated induction of nqo1.
assessment of diastolic ventricular function in fetuses of diabetic mothers using tissue doppler.
in vitro hyperglycemia or a diabetic intrauterine environment reduces neonatal endothelial colony-forming cell numbers and function.
insulin and carbohydrate metabolism.
haemodynamic contributions to the pathogenesis of preeclampsia and eclampsia.
cardiovascular risk in women after metabolic complications in pregnancy.
metabolic syndrome in childhood.
prediction and perinatal outcomes of fetal growth restriction.
macrosomic newborns of diabetic mothers are associated with increased aortic intima-media thickness and lipid concentrations.
preeclampsia and future cardiovascular risk.
pregnancy as the prodrome to vascular dysfunction and cardiovascular risk.
maternal obesity as a risk factor for complications in pregnancy, labor and pregnancy outcomes.
long term cardiovascular risk in women.
intrauterine exposure to diabetes is a determinant of hemoglobin a1c and systolic blood pressure in pima indian children.
infants of diabetic mothers.
do pregnancy complications and cvd share common antecedents?.
association between gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension.
pregnancy complications and maternal cardiovascular risk: opportunities for intervention and screening?.
will feeding mothers prevent the asian metabolic syndrome epidemic?.
asymmetrical septal hypertrophy in newborn infants of diabetic mothers.
changes in serum lipid and lipoprotein concentrations and compositions at birth and after 1 month of life in macrosomic infants of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers.
hyperglycemia-induced vasculopathy in the murine vitelline vasculature. correlation with pecam-1/cd31 tyrosine phosphorylation state.
lipid levels in former gestational diabetic mothers.
transient right sided hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in an infant born to a diabetic mother.
incidence of congenital heart defects in fetuses of diabetic mothers: a retrospective study of 326 cases.
characteristics of hemodynamics in cardiomyopathies of newborn infants of diabetic mothers.
susceptibility to development of central adiposity among populations.
assessment and management of pregnancies complicated by pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus.
asymmetric septal hypertrophy in infants of diabetic mothers: fetal echocardiography and the impact of maternal diabetic control.
clinical aspects of the relationship between oral contraceptives, abnormalities in carbohydrate metabolism, and the development of cardiovascular disease.
obstetrical management of the diabetic pregnancy.
echocardiographic abnormalities in infants of diabetic mothers.
false positive rate: 0.42715088629485515.

Included target articles are as follow:
characteristics of premature myocardial infarction among women with prior adverse pregnancy outcomes.
early cardiovascular events in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
role of type 2 diabetes in determining retinal, renal, and cardiovascular outcomes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes and incident heart failure: a cohort study.
the risk and added values of the atherosclerotic cardiovascular risk enhancers on prediction of cardiovascular events: tehran lipid and glucose study.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risk of ischemic heart disease in mothers: national cohort and co-sibling study.
gestational diabetes mellitus in mothers and long term cardiovascular disease in both parents: results of over a decade follow-up of the iranian population.
earlier age of onset of chronic hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus after a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy or gestational diabetes mellitus.
association of history of gestational diabetes with long-term cardiovascular disease risk in a large prospective cohort of us women.
gestational diabetes mellitus and later cardiovascular disease: a swedish population based case-control study.
association of gestational diabetes with long-term risk of premature mortality, and cardiovascular outcomes and risk factors: a retrospective cohort analysis in the uk biobank.
an association between gestational diabetes mellitus and long-term maternal cardiovascular morbidity.
pregnancy complications and risk of cardiovascular disease later in life: a nationwide cohort study.
increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: a population-based cohort study.
increased risk of cardiovascular and renal disease, and diabetes for all women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus in new zealand-a national retrospective cohort study.
history of gestational diabetes mellitus in relation to cardiovascular disease and cardiovascular risk factors in us women.
pregnancy-induced hypertension and diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes hospitalization in the year following delivery.
gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of cardiovascular disease in women with a family history of type 2 diabetes.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the risks of overall and type-specific cardiovascular diseases: a population- and sibling-matched cohort study.
gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease up to 25 years after pregnancy: a retrospective cohort study.
gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors and disease in u.s. hispanics/latinas in the hispanic community health study/study of latinos (hchs/sol).
trends, predictors, and outcomes of cardiovascular complications at delivery associated with gestational diabetes: a national inpatient sample analysis (2004–2019).
impact of gestational diabetes mellitus and high maternal weight on the development of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease: a population-level analysis.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the role of intercurrent type 2 diabetes on long-term risk of cardiovascular events.
association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomography angiography.
previous pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of cardiovascular disease: a nested case-control study in sweden.
relationship between pregnancy complications and subsequent coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomographic angiography in black women.
five-year risk of all-cause death and cardiovascular events in women with gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
