total number of articles searched: 1481.
objectives: ['summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (cvds) in mothers post-delivery.', 'summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (cvds) in offspring post-delivery.', 'assess the risk ratio (rr) of gdm in relation to overall and subtypes of cvds in both mothers and offspring post-delivery.'].
characteristics, physiopathology and management of dyslipidemias in pregnancy: a narrative review.
gestational diabetes mellitus and subsequent risks of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases: the life course perspective and implications of racial disparities.
association of ideal cardiovascular health and history of gestational diabetes mellitus in nhanes 2007–2018.
association of adverse pregnancy outcomes with cardiovascular risk profiles in later life: current insights from the hamburg city health study (hchs).
effect of prior gestational diabetes on the risk of cardiovascular disease and death in women with type 2 diabetes: the fremantle diabetes study phase ii.
barriers and facilitators of cardiovascular disease prevention services for women with prior gestational diabetes or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in low-income, middle-income and high-income settings: a scoping review protocol.
cardiovascular risk factor management after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
lipid metabolism during pregnancy: consequences for mother and child.
early postpartum blood pressure screening is associated with increased detection of cardiovascular risk factors in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and long-term maternal cardiovascular risk: bridging epidemiological knowledge into personalized postpartum care and follow-up.
women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus present an accumulation of cardiovascular risk factors at age 46—a birth cohort study.
protective effects of paeoniflorin against inflammation and oxidative stress in rats with gestational diabetes mellitus via inhibiting the rhoa/rock signaling pathway.
the association between pulse wave velocity and pregnancy-associated diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
clinical and metabolic characterization of women with gestational diabetes mellitus within the first year postpartum.
an electronic medical record intervention to increase early screening rates for gestational diabetes.
understanding the spectrum of cardiovascular risk in women - a primer for prevention.
maternal poor glycemic control increases risk of neonatal left ventricular hypertrophy.
maternal cardiovascular adaptation to pregnancy in obese pregnant women.
the renin–angiotensin system and cardiovascular–kidney–metabolic syndrome: focus on early-life programming.
gestational diabetes: the future of mother and their children.
risk of major congenital heart disease in pregestational maternal diabetes is modified by hemoglobin a1c.
increased risk of cardiovascular and renal disease, and diabetes for all women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus in new zealand—a national retrospective cohort study.
importance of postpartum reclassificatioin gestational diabetes mellitus.
increased circulating il-32 is associated with placenta macrophage-derived il-32 and gestational diabetes mellitus.
implementing care for women with gestational diabetes after delivery—the challenges ahead.
fetal growth restriction in gestational diabetes mellitus: from pathogenesis to management tactics.
evidence that systemic vascular resistance is increased before the development of gestational diabetes mellitus.
gender-specific characteristics of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction in women: focus on pregnancy factors.
low circulating levels of neuregulin 4 as a potential biomarker associated with the severity and prognosis of obesity-related metabolic diseases: a systematic review.
the evaluation of fetal interventricular septum with m-mode and spectral tissue doppler imaging in gestational diabetes mellitus: a case-control study.
gestational diabetes mellitus may predispose to metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease.
possibilities of cardiometabolic diseases prevention in women with pregnancy adverse outcomes in medical history.
the role of lipid dysregulation in gestational diabetes mellitus: early prediction and postpartum prognosis.
biological and behavioral pathways from prenatal depression to offspring cardiometabolic risk: testing the developmental origins of health and disease hypothesis.
gestational diabetes and the risk of type 2 diabetes in postnatal period.
maternal diabetes and risk of offspring congenital heart diseases: the japan environment and children’s study.
ceramides during pregnancy and obstetrical adverse outcomes.
impaired angiogenic function of fetal endothelial progenitor cells via pcdh10 in gestational diabetes mellitus.
cohort profile update: the norwegian stork groruddalen (stork g) pregnancy and birth cohort—the role of ethnicity and causal pathways for obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and other health issues.
role of impedance plethysmography in detecting dysautonomia and vascular changes in the dysglycemic milieu of gestational diabetes - a case-control study.
previous pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of cardiovascular disease: a nested case–control study in sweden.
the role of vitamin d and its molecular bases in insulin resistance, diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease: state of the art.
association between maternal glucose levels in gestational diabetes screening and subsequent hypertension.
pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorder and risks of future ischemic and nonischemic heart failure.
association between maternal hyperglycemia in pregnancy and offspring anthropometry in early childhood: the pandora wave 1 study.
hypertriglyceridemia in gestational diabetes: case report and review of the literature.
disrupted balance of the oxidant–antioxidant system in the pathophysiology of female reproduction: oxidative stress and adverse pregnancy outcomes.
maternal and fetal health outcomes in systemic lupus erythematosus pregnancies in the emirati population: a comparative study.
the prevalence of cardiovascular disease risk among iraqi women with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
improving postpartum and long-term health after an adverse pregnancy outcome: examining interventions from a health equity perspective.
the impact of maternal preeclampsia and hyperglycemia on the cardiovascular health of the offspring: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
umbilical cord serum insulin-like growth factor-1 levels of infants of diabetic mothers are correlated with diastolic dysfunction detected by tissue doppler echocardiography.
circulating angiotensin ii type i receptor – autoantibodies in diabetic pregnancies.
vascular phenotype at 35–37 weeks' gestation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
serum microcystin-lr levels and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a chinese nested case-control study.
fetal and neonatal status in women with cerebro-vascular disorders and risk factors for their development.
frequency and pattern of congenital heart defects in infant of diabetic mother at tertiary care hospital.
cardiovascular risk factors during pregnancy impact the postpartum cardiac and vascular reverse remodeling.
long-term outcomes and potential mechanisms of offspring exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia.
gestational diabetes mellitus: state of art.
comparison of carotis i̇ntima media thicknesses i̇n gestational weeks 24-26 and 36-38 i̇n pregnant women with gestational diabetes.
maternal weight gain during pregnancy and the developing autonomic nervous system—possible impact of gdm.
engineering bioactive nanoparticles to rejuvenate vascular progenitor cells.
association between gestational diabetes and 6-year incident diabetes: results from the hispanic community health study/study of latinos (hchs/sol).
polycystic ovary syndrome (pcos) increases the risk of subsequent gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm): a novel therapeutic perspective.
the effect of synbiotic supplementation on atherogenic indices, hs-crp, and malondialdehyde, as major cvd-related parameters, in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a secondary data-analysis of a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
physical activity and pregnancy outcomes: an expert review.
trends, predictors, and outcomes of cardiovascular complications at delivery associated with gestational diabetes: a national inpatient sample analysis (2004–2019).
pre-pregnancy check-up of maternal vascular status and associated phenotype is crucial for the health of mother and offspring.
long-term maternal metabolic and cardiovascular phenotypes after a pregnancy complicated by mild gestational diabetes mellitus or obesity.
predictive metabolomic markers in early to mid-pregnancy for gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective test and validation study.
maternal hemodynamic changes in gestational diabetes: a prospective case–control study.
pre-kidney donation pregnancy complications and long-term outcomes.
breastfeeding may benefit cardiometabolic health of children exposed to increased gestational glycemia in utero.
a qualitative study of perceptions, strengths, and opportunities in cardiometabolic risk management during pregnancy and postpartum in a georgia safety-net hospital, 2021.
comparison of maternal and neonatal outcomes among high-risk filipino women with gestational diabetes diagnosed before and after 24 weeks of gestation.
mother-child cardiometabolic health 4–10 years after pregnancy complicated by obesity with and without gestational diabetes.
polycystic ovary syndrome and risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes: a registry linkage study from massachusetts.
association between maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and high-sensitivity c-reactive protein levels in 8-year-old children: the yamanashi adjunct study of the japan environment and children’s study (jecs).
excessive gestational weight gain is an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes mellitus in singleton pregnancies: results from a french cohort study.
association of the cerebro-placental ratio with adverse outcomes in pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus.
postpartum diabetes screening in women with history of gdm.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and maternal chronic diseases in the future: a cross-sectional study using koges-hexa data.
placental autophagy in maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus.
the quantose insulin resistance test for maternal insulin resistance: a pilot study.
pregnancy and reproductive risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women.
dna methylation and gene expression in blood and adipose tissue of adult offspring of women with diabetes in pregnancy—a validation study of dna methylation changes identified in adolescent offspring.
impact of maternal– fetal environment on mortality in children with single ventricle heart disease.
comparison of left ventricular function in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus prenatal and postpartum by two-dimentional speckle tracking echocardiography.
association of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus with overweight/obesity and fatty liver risk in offspring.
significance of serum-plasma leptin profile during pregnancy in gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
lifestyle behaviors and cardiovascular risk profiles among parous women by gestational diabetes status, 2007–2018.
pregnancy-associated spontaneous coronary artery dissection: multidisciplinary management, challenges and literature review.
obstetric complications as a risk factor for coronary artery disease.
long-term maternal complications.
the association of interleukin-6, interleukin-27, and body roundness index with gestational diabetes mellitus.
inflammation markers in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the risks of overall and type-specific cardiovascular diseases: a population-and sibling-matched cohort study.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and incident heart failure in the women's health initiative.
gestational diabetes mellitus : prelude of risks not to be misunderstood.
persistent subclinical myocardial dysfunction among infants of diabetic mothers.
a comparative study of cumulative stress patterns within 14days postpartum in healthy mothers and those with gestational diabetes: a prospective study.
early assessment of cardiac function by echocardiography in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.
instituting a curriculum for cardio-obstetrics subspecialty fellowship training.
fetal cardiac geometry and function in pregnancies with well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus using fetal hq.
social nervous exercise intervention and its association with fasting blood glucose on diabetes mellitus gestational.
early pregnancy metabolites predict gestational diabetes mellitus: implications for fetal programming.
are newly introduced criteria for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus associated with improved pregnancy outcomes and/or increased interventions in new south wales, australia? a population-based data linkage study.
cinnamaldehyde mitigates placental vascular dysfunction of gestational diabetes and protects from the associated fetal hypoxia by modulating placental angiogenesis, metabolic activity and oxidative stress.
is gdf-15 level associated with gestational diabetes mellitus and adverse perinatal outcomes?.
gestational diabetes mellitus: screening and diagnostic criteria in early pregnancy.
diminished substrate-mediated cardiac mitochondrial respiration and elevated autophagy in adult male offspring of gestational diabetic rats.
identification of a novel association for the wwox/hif1a axis with gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm).
the role of lifestyle intervention in the prevention and treatment of gestational diabetes.
association analysis in young and middle-aged mothers—relation between expression of cardiovascular disease associated micrornas and abnormal clinical findings.
first trimester papp-a serum levels and long-term metabolic outcome of mothers and their offspring.
association analysis in children born from normal and complicated pregnancies—cardiovascular disease associated micrornas and the incidence of prehypertension/hypertension, overweight/obesity, valve problems and heart defects.
ideal cardiovascular health and vascular phenotype associations in mothers with obesity and their six-year-old children.
effect of alpha-lipoic acid supplementation on the lipid profile and lipid ratios in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a clinical trial study.
effects of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (dash) on pregnancy/neonatal outcomes and maternal glycemic control: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
the effect of vascular complications of diabetes mellitus on human umbilical cord tissue and the number of wharton jelly’s mesenchymal stem cells.
influence of maternal metabolism on fetal development.
alterations of transcriptome expression, cell cycle, and mitochondrial superoxide reveal foetal endothelial dysfunction in saudi women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
prevention of cardiovascular disease.
divergent trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors in the years before pregnancy in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus: a populationbased study.
maternal cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus at 35–36 weeks' gestation and 6 months postpartum.
impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on vascular endothelial function in pregnant women.
abnormal fetal echocardiography in diabetic pregnant women at a tertiary care hospital: a descriptive cross-sectional study.
curcumin: could this compound be useful in pregnancy and pregnancy-related complications?.
the possible role of endocrine dysfunction of adipose tissue in gestational diabetes mellitus.
substantially altered expression profile of diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular disease associated micrornas in children descending from pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus—one of several possible reasons for an increased cardiovascular risk.
the correlation of fetal cardiac function with gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and oxidative stress levels.
in utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk factors in youth: a longitudinal analysis in the epoch cohort.
non-coding rna: role in gestational diabetes pathophysiology and complications.
myocardial hypertrophy in fetuses of women with gestational diabetes.
perinatal outcomes in infants of mothers with diabetes in pregnancy.
paired maternal and fetal cardiac functional measurements in women with gestational diabetes mellitus at 35–36 weeks’ gestation.
metformin ameliorates gestational diabetes mellitus-induced endothelial dysfunction via downregulation of p65 and upregulation of nrf2.
maternal glycemia during pregnancy and child carotid intima media thickness, pulse wave velocity, and augmentation index.
associations of greenness with gestational diabetes mellitus: the guangdong registry of congenital heart disease (grchd) study.
third trimester myocardial performance index in fetuses from women with hyperglycemia in pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
evaluation of anthropometric measures for assessment of cardiometabolic risk in early childhood.
transgenerational effects of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes on offspring body composition and left ventricle mass: the finnish gestational diabetes prevention study (radiel) 6-year follow-up.
hyperglycemia during pregnancy and long-term offspring outcomes.
genes and diet in the prevention of chronic diseases in future generations.
perinatal changes in fetal cardiac geometry and function in diabetic pregnancy at term.
risk of congenital heart defects in offspring exposed to maternal diabetes mellitus: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
long-term consequences and prevention strategies for women with a history of gestational diabetes.
the cardiovascular disease as a complication of gestational diabetes mellitus.
the role of dyslipidemia in pregnant women with diabetes mellitus in the genesis of comorbid conditions in children.
maternal postload 1-hour glucose level during pregnancy and offspring's overweight/obesity status in preschool age.
modern notions of health of newborns from mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus.
changes of serum pentraxin-3 and hypersensitive crp levels during pregnancy and their relationship with gestational diabetes mellitus.
cycling reduces blood glucose excursions after an oral glucose tolerance test in pregnant women: a randomized crossover trial.
trimethylamine n-oxide metabolites in early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes: a nested case-control study.
maternal-fetal contributors to insulin resistance syndrome in youth.
screening glucose challenge test in pregnancy can identify women with an adverse postpartum cardiovascular risk factor profile: implications for cardiovascular risk reduction.
nutrigenetics, epigenetics and gestational diabetes: consequences in mother and child.
long-term cardiovascular hospitalizations of small for gestational age (sga) offspring born to women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm)‡.
obstetric history and cardiovascular disease (cvd) risk.
diabetes in pregnancy: long-term complications of offsprings.
weight change and cardiometabolic outcomes in postpartumwomen with history of gestational diabetes.
good glycemic control of gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with the attenuation of future maternal cardiovascular risk: a retrospective cohort study.
cardiovascular disease-related morbidity and mortality in women with a history of pregnancy complications: systematic review and meta-analysis.
hypertension and preeclampsia in pregnancy complicated by diabetes.
erratum: increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: a population-based cohort study (plos medicine (2018) 15:1 (e1002488) doi: 10.1371/journal.pmed.1002488).
gut microbiota and probiotic intervention as a promising therapeutic for pregnant women with cardiometabolic disorders: present and future directions.
maternal long-term outcomes after a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus.
diabetes in pregnancy in associations with perinatal and postneonatal mortality in first nations and non-indigenous populations in quebec, canada: population-based linked birth cohort study.
vcam-1, icam-1 and selectins in gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk for vascular disorders.
cardiovascular prevention in women: a narrative review from the italian society of cardiology working groups on 'cardiovascular prevention, hypertension and peripheral circulation' and on 'women disease'.
pregnancy-related risk factors are associated with a significant burden of treated hypertension within 10 years of delivery: findings from a population-based norwegian cohort.
gestational diabetes mellitus and obstetric complications.
sex differences in the developmental origins of cardiometabolic disease following exposure to maternal obesity and gestational diabetes.
potential prognostic biomarkers of cardiovascular disease in fetal macrosomia: the impact of gestational diabetes.
a prospective and longitudinal study of plasma phospholipid saturated fatty acid profile in relation to cardiometabolic biomarkers and the risk of gestational diabetes.
a cohort study of maternal cardiometabolic risk factors and primary cesarean delivery in an integrated health system.
feasibility and effectiveness of a lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancies to improve risk factors for future cardiometabolic disease.
ghrelin in serum and urine of post-partum women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
preventing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women with gestational diabetes – the evidence and potential strategies.
exposure to gestational diabetes is a stronger predictor of dysmetabolic traits in children than size at birth.
special considerations in the management of diabetes in women.
echocardiographic findings in newborns of gestational diabetic mothers and its relationship with somatomedin c.
is fibroblast growth factor 23 a new cardiovascular risk marker in gestational diabetes?.
long-term effects of pregnancy complications on maternal health: a review.
cxc chemokine ligand 16 is increased in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia and associated with lipoproteins in gestational diabetes mellitus at 5 years follow-up.
metabolic syndrome in pregnancy and risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes: a prospective cohort of nulliparous women.
preterm birth and its impact on renal health.
intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes and childhood obesity.
soft drink consumption and gestational diabetes risk in the sun project.
relationship between vitamin d and gestational diabetes in overweight or obese pregnant women may be mediated by adiponectin.
maternal cardiovascular disease after pregnancy complications.
dysregulation of 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenases: implications during pregnancy and beyond.
molecular analysis of a genetic variants panel related to nutrients and metabolism: association with susceptibility to gestational diabetes and cardiometabolic risk in affected women.
the place of fetal cardiac functional assessment in high risk obstetrics.
gdm alters paracrine regulation of feto-placental angiogenesis via the trophoblast.
subclinical inflammation associated with prolonged timp-1 upregulation and arterial stiffness after gestational diabetes mellitus: a hospital-based cohort study.
drosophila melanogaster: an emerging model of transgenerational effects of maternal obesity.
pregnancy: an underutilized window of opportunity to improve long-term maternal and infant health-an appeal for continuous family care and interdisciplinary communication.
the association of family history of premature cardiovascular disease or diabetes mellitus on the occurrence of gestational hypertensive disease and diabetes.
association of downregulated hdac 2 with the impaired mitochondrial function and cytokine secretion in the monocytes/macrophages from gestational diabetes mellitus patients.
cited2 participates in cardiomyocyte apoptosis and maternal diabetes-induced congenital heart abnormality.
mean platelet volume in women with gestational diabetes.
association between pregnancy complications and long term maternal cardiovascular morbidity.
peptidome profiling of umbilical cord plasma associated with gestational diabetes-induced fetal macrosomia.
birth outcomes by infertility treatment: analyses of the population-based cohort: massachusetts outcomes study of assisted reproductive technologies (mosart).
clinical implications of polycystic ovary syndrome.
effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on cardiac contractile function of female offspring rats after ischemia/reperfusion and underlying mechanisms.
long-term effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on mothers and offspring and strategies of postpartum follow up.
serum values of atherogenic index of plasma and lipid ratios in gestational diabetes mellitus.
early recognition of gestational diabetes mellitus - combination of new guidelines and practice.
correlation between infl ammatory markers and insulin resistance in pregnancy.
increased risk of type ii diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease after gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
the offspring of the diabetic mother - short- and long-term implications.
"heart, arteries and women" an innovative care pathway for women at high risk: first evaluation at one year.
homocysteine levels in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
cardiovascular disease screening.
investigating the mechanism of hyperglycemia-induced fetal cardiac hypertrophy.
high uric acid levels during pregnancy linked to increased risk for future atherosclerotic-related hospitalization.
influence of maternal overnutrition and gestational diabetes on the programming of metabolic health outcomes in the offspring: experimental evidence1.
speckle tracking and myocardial tissue imaging in infant of diabetic mother with gestational and pregestational diabetes.
the severity of gestational diabetes mellitus affects microvascular dysfunction measured three years after pregnancy that may be related to increased oxidative stress.
impact of gestational hyperglycemia on maternal and child health.
complications of gestational diabetes.
international recommandations on physical exercise for pregnant women.
is abnormal glucose metabolism during pregnancy related to endothelial dysfunction?.
adverse intrauterine environment and gamete/embryo-fetal origins of diseases.
the relationship between epicardial fat thickness and gestational diabetes mellitus.
increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease after diabetes gravidarum.
assessment of selected anthropometric parameters in children exposed to gestational diabetes in utero - preliminary results.
circulating apelin levels are associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes.
the long-term effects of stillbirth on women with and without gestational diabetes: a population-based cohort study.
comparison of echocardiographic findings in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes and healthy mothers.
precocious markers of cardiovascular risk and vascular damage in apparently healthy women with previous gestational diabetes.
provider adherence to recommended prenatal care content: does it differ for obese women.
comparing carotid intima-media thickness in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus.
maternal obesity, lipotoxicity and cardiovascular diseases in offspring.
lowering dietary glycaemic index through nutrition education among malaysian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
ethnic variation in the activity of lipid desaturases and their relationships with cardiovascular risk factors in control women and an at-risk group with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study.
need for insulin to control gestational diabetes is reflected in the ambulatory arterial stiffness index.
effect of maternal gestational diabetes on the cardiovascular risk factor profile of infants at 1 year of age.
cardiac function in offspring of women with diabetes using fetal ecg, umbilical cord blood pro-bnp, and neonatal interventricular septal thickness.
an association between gestational diabetes mellitus and long-term maternal cardiovascular morbidity.
dietary fibre intake among different groups of patients: as compared to recommendations.
epigenetics of gestational diabetes mellitus and offspring health: the time for action is in early stages of life.
iron status, oxidative stress and gestational diabetes.
angina in women: epidemiology, prognosis and diagnosis.
adipokines and metabolic syndrome risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
outcomes in offspring of maternal diabetes.
metabolic disorders in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, tehran lipid and glucose study.
long-term health outcomes in children born to mothers with diabetes: a population-based cohort study.
plasma thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor levels are not associated with glucose intolerance and subclinical atherosclerosis in women with previous gestational diabetes.
associations of gestational diabetes, existing diabetes, and glycosuria with offspring obesity and cardiometabolic outcomes.
nhc-guideline preconception care.
small artery function 2 years postpartum in women with altered glycaemic distributions in their preceding pregnancy.
gestational weight gain and postpartum weight retention: relevant facts for obstetric care.
through the looking glass: gestational diabetes as a predictor of maternal and offspring long-term health.
intergenerational cycle of obesity and diabetes: how can we reduce the burdens of these conditions on the health of future generations?.
crisis of women diabetics in india: a review.
maternal hemodynamics at 11-13 weeks' gestation in gestational diabetes mellitus.
metabolic imprinting by prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal overnutrition: a review.
prenatal origin of obesity and their complications: gestational diabetes, maternal overweight and the paradoxical effects of fetal growth restriction and macrosomia.
care of the infant of the diabetic mother.
cellular and molecular mechanisms of metformin: an overview.
the metabolic syndrome in obstetrics.
ductus venosus blood flow velocity waveform in diabetic pregnancies.
cardiometabolic profile of people screened for high risk of type 2 diabetes in a national diabetes prevention programme (fin-d2d).
myocardial function in offspring 5-8years after pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia.
assessment of mean platelet volume of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance as a marker of future cardiovascular disease risk.
intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes is associated with higher adiposity and insulin resistance and clustering of cardiovascular risk markers in indian children.
inflammation, adipokines, and gestational diabetes mellitus.
hypertension complicating diabetic pregnancies: pathophysiology, management, and controversies.
body weight - the importance of getting it right 'before' becoming pregnant.
primary atherothrombotic occlusive vascular events in premenopausal women with history of adverse pregnancy outcome.
risk for maternal postpartum diabetes.
imbalance of the autonomic nervous system at night in women with gestational diabetes.
hypertension in diabetic pregnancy: impact and long-term outlook.
current problems of hemocoagulation disorders in obstetrics.
left atrial shortening fraction in fetuses with and without myocardial hypertrophy in diabetic pregnancies.
offspring of diabetic pregnancy: long-term outcomes.
programming of growth, insulin resistance and vascular dysfunction in offspring of late gestation diabetic rats.
evaluation of cardiac function in fetuses from pregnant women with abnormal blood glucose levels by brain natriuretic peptide in umbilical cord blood.
carbohydrate metabolism and cardiovascular risk factors 4 years after a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes.
fetal programming by disturbed intrauterine environment - fundamental mechanisms exemplified by the regulation of body weight and metabolism.
changes in plasma lipids and increased low-density lipoprotein susceptibility to oxidation in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes: consequences of obesity.
long-term effects of diabetes during pregnancy on the offspring.
insulin resistance: the possible link between gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
insulin resistance in women's health: why it matters and how to identify it.
hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and transposition of great arteries associated with maternal diabetes and presumed gestational diabetes.
dietary recommendations for polycystic ovary syndrome.
epidemiologic perspectives of risk for developing diabetes and diabetes complications.
metabolic syndrome at follow-up in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus in index pregnancy.
women and obesity.
the global increase in diabetes: unique issues for mothers and children.
evaluation of adiponectin levels in pregnant women with gestational diabetes.
mechanisms of perinatal programming exemplified by the regulation of body weight and metabolism.
nutrition and reproduction in women.
pregnancy complications as a risk factor for metabolic and cardiovascular disease in later life.
diabetes mellitus and pregnancy.
clinical manifestations and outcomes of symptomatic infants born to diabetic mothers.
endocrine and metabolic consequences of intrauterine growth retardation.
the offspring of gestational diabetes.
insulin resistance in polycystic ovary syndrome.
adverse effect of obesity on red cell membrane arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids in gestational diabetes.
insulin resistance syndrome in women with prior history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
altered placental oxidative stress status in gestational diabetes mellitus.
impaired fasting glucose and impaired glucose tolerance in women with prior gestational diabetes are associated with a different cardiovascular profile.
glycemic control in the diabetic pregnancy: is tighter always better?.
polycystic ovarian syndrome. a form of the metabolic syndrome.
factors predisposing to pre-eclampsia in women with gestational diabetes.
contraceptive options for the gestational diabetic woman.
diabetes mellitus during pregnancy and the risks for specific birth defects: a population-based case-control study.
role of prenatal echocardiography in the study of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in the fetus.
association of gestational diabetes with abnormal maternal vascular endothelial function.
the rubenesque pregnancy: a progression towards higher blood pressure correlates with a measure of endogenous and exogenous insulin levels.
11 long-term implications of gestational diabetes for the mother.
there are 9 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
false positive rate: 0.47400405131667794.
false negative rate: 0.1111111111111111.

Included target articles are as follow:
characteristics of premature myocardial infarction among women with prior adverse pregnancy outcomes.
early cardiovascular events in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
role of type 2 diabetes in determining retinal, renal, and cardiovascular outcomes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes and incident heart failure: a cohort study.
the risk and added values of the atherosclerotic cardiovascular risk enhancers on prediction of cardiovascular events: tehran lipid and glucose study.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risk of ischemic heart disease in mothers: national cohort and co-sibling study.
gestational diabetes mellitus in mothers and long term cardiovascular disease in both parents: results of over a decade follow-up of the iranian population.
earlier age of onset of chronic hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus after a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy or gestational diabetes mellitus.
association of history of gestational diabetes with long-term cardiovascular disease risk in a large prospective cohort of us women.
gestational diabetes mellitus and later cardiovascular disease: a swedish population based case-control study.
association of gestational diabetes with long-term risk of premature mortality, and cardiovascular outcomes and risk factors: a retrospective cohort analysis in the uk biobank.
an association between gestational diabetes mellitus and long-term maternal cardiovascular morbidity.
pregnancy complications and risk of cardiovascular disease later in life: a nationwide cohort study.
increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: a population-based cohort study.
increased risk of cardiovascular and renal disease, and diabetes for all women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus in new zealand-a national retrospective cohort study.
history of gestational diabetes mellitus in relation to cardiovascular disease and cardiovascular risk factors in us women.
pregnancy-induced hypertension and diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes hospitalization in the year following delivery.
gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of cardiovascular disease in women with a family history of type 2 diabetes.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the risks of overall and type-specific cardiovascular diseases: a population- and sibling-matched cohort study.
gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease up to 25 years after pregnancy: a retrospective cohort study.
gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors and disease in u.s. hispanics/latinas in the hispanic community health study/study of latinos (hchs/sol).
trends, predictors, and outcomes of cardiovascular complications at delivery associated with gestational diabetes: a national inpatient sample analysis (2004–2019).
impact of gestational diabetes mellitus and high maternal weight on the development of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease: a population-level analysis.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the role of intercurrent type 2 diabetes on long-term risk of cardiovascular events.
association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomography angiography.
previous pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of cardiovascular disease: a nested case-control study in sweden.
relationship between pregnancy complications and subsequent coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomographic angiography in black women.
five-year risk of all-cause death and cardiovascular events in women with gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
