total number of articles searched: 1008.
objectives: ['summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (cvds) impacts in mothers post-delivery', 'summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (cvds) impacts in offspring post-delivery', 'assess the risk ratio (rr) of gdm and overall cardiovascular diseases (cvds) in both mothers and offspring post-delivery', 'evaluate the risk ratio (rr) of gdm and subtypes of cardiovascular diseases (cvds) in both mothers and offspring post-delivery'].
gestational diabetes mellitus and subsequent risks of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases: the life course perspective and implications of racial disparities.
cardiovascular risk factor management after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
associations between sedentary time, physical activity, and cardiovascular health in 6-year-old children born to mothers with increased cardiometabolic risk.
importance of postpartum reclassificatioin gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes mellitus may predispose to metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease.
implementing care for women with gestational diabetes after delivery—the challenges ahead.
gestational diabetes in mice induces hematopoietic memory that affects the long-term health of the offspring.
prevalence of dyslipidemia in pregnancy and early predictive value of blood lipid levels.
fetal endothelial colony-forming cells: possible targets for prevention of the fetal origins of adult diseases.
the role of the fgf19 family in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes: a narrative review.
portable infrared-based glucometer reinforced with fuzzy logic.
association between maternal hyperglycemia in pregnancy and offspring anthropometry in early childhood: the pandora wave 1 study.
fetal echocardiography changes of the right ventricle of well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes mellitus, follow-up of future maternal risk of cardiovascular disease and the use of ehealth technologies—a scoping review.
the maternal microbiome and gestational diabetes mellitus: cause and effect.
prevention of cardiovascular disease in women with pregnancy-related risk factors: a prospective women’s heart clinic study.
experiences with an integrated screening programme targeted at women who had a hypertensive disorder or diabetes in pregnancy in the netherlands: a qualitative study.
does treatment modality affect measures of arterial stiffness in women with gestational diabetes?.
consensus document of the spanish society of gynecology and obstetrics (sego) and the spanish interdisciplinary committee for vascular prevention (ceipv). opportunity window: vascular risk prevention in women. adverse pregnancy outcomes and risk of vascular disease.
poor glucose control and markers of placental dysfunction correlate with increased circulating fetal microchimerism in diabetic pregnancies.
maternal glucose levels and future risk of developing cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis protocol.
women’s reproductive milestones and cardiovascular disease risk: a review of reports and opportunities from the cardia study.
genetics and epigenetics: implications for the life course of gestational diabetes.
pregnancy-related complications and incidence of atrial fibrillation: a systematic review.
circulating angiotensin ii type i receptor – autoantibodies in diabetic pregnancies.
vascular phenotype at 35–37 weeks' gestation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
a holistic approach to preventing type 2 diabetes in asian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus: a feasibility study and pilot randomized controlled trial.
cardiovascular risk assessment in women after pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional, single center study.
association of polycystic ovary syndrome with multiple health factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes.
comparison of carotis i̇ntima media thicknesses i̇n gestational weeks 24-26 and 36-38 i̇n pregnant women with gestational diabetes.
consensus document of the spanish society of obstetrics and gynecology (sego) and the spanish interdisciplinary committee for vascular prevention (ceipv). opportunity window: vascular risk prevention in women. adverse pregnancy outcomes and risk of vascular disease.
trends, predictors, and outcomes of cardiovascular complications at delivery associated with gestational diabetes: a national inpatient sample analysis (2004–2019).
randomised clinical trial using coronary artery calcium scoring in australian women with novel cardiovascular risk factors (cac-women trial): study protocol.
african american women with cardiometabolic complications of pregnancy have decreased serum abundance of specialized pro-resolving lipid mediators and endocannabinoids.
diabetes in pregnancy and risk of near-miss, maternal mortality and foetal outcomes in the usa: a retrospective cross-sectional analysis.
cardiovascular disease-associated micrornas as novel biomarkers of first-trimester screening for gestational diabetes mellitus in the absence of other pregnancy-related complications.
dna methylation and gene expression in blood and adipose tissue of adult offspring of women with diabetes in pregnancy—a validation study of dna methylation changes identified in adolescent offspring.
comparison of biomarkers of oxidative stress, 8-isoprostane, advanced oxidation protein products, and 8-hydroxy-2′-deoxyguanosine and pro-apoptosis, cytokeratin 18 m30, in women with normal glucose tolerance and gestational diabetes mellitus.
programming of cardiometabolic health: the role of maternal and fetal hyperinsulinaemia.
correlation of fibroblast growth factor 21 (fgf-21) with fetal and maternal complications in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.
breastfeeding may benefit cardiometabolic health of children exposed to increased gestational glycemia in utero.
midgestation cardiovascular phenotype in women who develop gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: comparative study.
long-term follow-up on morbidity among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
serum metabolomic signatures of gestational diabetes in south asian and white european women.
postpartum diabetes screening in women with history of gdm.
introduction.
placental autophagy in maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus.
comparison of left ventricular function in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus prenatal and postpartum by two-dimentional speckle tracking echocardiography.
pregnancy complications lead to subclinical maternal heart dysfunction—the importance and benefits of follow-up using speckle tracking echocardiography.
management of cardiovascular risk factors during pregnancy.
a novel smartphone app to change risk behaviors of women after gestational diabetes: a randomized controlled trial.
pregnancy-associated spontaneous coronary artery dissection: multidisciplinary management, challenges and literature review.
evaluation of prenatal changes in fetal cardiac morphology and function in maternal diabetes mellitus using a novel fetal speckle-tracking analysis: a prospective cohort study.
macrosomia is a risk factor for incident maternal chronic kidney disease.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the risks of overall and type-specific cardiovascular diseases: a population-and sibling-matched cohort study.
reduced mechanical function of the left atrial predicts adverse outcome in pregnant women with clustering of metabolic risk factors.
gestational diabetes mellitus : what after delivery ?.
obesity can offset the cardiometabolic benefits of gestational exercise.
maternal cardiac function at 19–23 weeks' gestation in prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus.
impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac morphology and function: cohort comparison of second- and third-trimester fetuses.
diabetes in pregnancy-gestational diabetes mellitus.
diminished substrate-mediated cardiac mitochondrial respiration and elevated autophagy in adult male offspring of gestational diabetic rats.
adaptation of the cardiovascular system of infants born by mothers with diabetes mellitus.
divergent trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors in the years before pregnancy in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus: a populationbased study.
first trimester papp-a serum levels and long-term metabolic outcome of mothers and their offspring.
role of fetal echocardiography in morphologic and functional assessment of fetal heart in diabetic mothers.
the possible role of endocrine dysfunction of adipose tissue in gestational diabetes mellitus.
interactions between race/ethnicity, poverty status, and pregnancy cardio-metabolic diseases in prediction of postpartum cardio-metabolic health.
maternal cardiovascular risk after hypertensive disorder of pregnancy.
comparison of qt interval between neonates with maternal gestational diabetes and healthy mothers.
postpartum counseling in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
myocardial hypertrophy in fetuses of women with gestational diabetes.
the association of adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease: current knowledge and future directions.
metformin ameliorates gestational diabetes mellitus-induced endothelial dysfunction via downregulation of p65 and upregulation of nrf2.
core outcome set for diabetes after pregnancy prevention across the life span: international delphi study.
maternal cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus at 35–36 weeks' gestation and 6 months postpartum.
feasibility and utility of a cardiovascular risk screening tool in women undergoing routine gynecology evaluation.
gestational diabetes: importance of follow-up screening for the benefit of long-term health.
maternal postload 1-hour glucose level during pregnancy and offspring's overweight/obesity status in preschool age.
in utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk factors in youth: a longitudinal analysis in the epoch cohort.
amino acid and lipid metabolism in postgestational diabetes and progression to type 2 diabetes: a metabolic profiling study.
exosomes could offer new options to combat the long-term complications inflicted by gestational diabetes mellitus.
maternal glycemia during pregnancy and child carotid intima media thickness, pulse wave velocity, and augmentation index.
sympathetic nervous system activity and reactivity in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
hyperglycemia during pregnancy and long-term offspring outcomes.
long-term consequences and prevention strategies for women with a history of gestational diabetes.
the cardiovascular disease as a complication of gestational diabetes mellitus.
the role of dyslipidemia in pregnant women with diabetes mellitus in the genesis of comorbid conditions in children.
engaging the asean diaspora: type 2 diabetes prevalence, pathophysiology, and unique risk factors among filipino migrants in the united states.
modern notions of health of newborns from mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus.
gut microbiota and probiotic intervention as a promising therapeutic for pregnant women with cardiometabolic disorders: present and future directions.
cardiovascular prevention in women: a narrative review from the italian society of cardiology working groups on 'cardiovascular prevention, hypertension and peripheral circulation' and on 'women disease'.
obstetric history and cardiovascular disease (cvd) risk.
sex differences in the developmental origins of cardiometabolic disease following exposure to maternal obesity and gestational diabetes.
weight change and cardiometabolic outcomes in postpartumwomen with history of gestational diabetes.
good glycemic control of gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with the attenuation of future maternal cardiovascular risk: a retrospective cohort study.
hyperglycaemia cause vascular inflammation through advanced glycation end products/early growth response-1 axis in gestational diabetes mellitus.
hypertension and preeclampsia in pregnancy complicated by diabetes.
prolonged qt interval in the infants of diabetic mothers.
vcam-1, icam-1 and selectins in gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk for vascular disorders.
a randomized double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial investigating the effect of fish oil supplementation on gene expression related to insulin action, blood lipids, and inflammation in gestational diabetes mellitus-fish oil supplementation and gestational diabetes.
human fetoplacental arterial and venous endothelial cells are differentially programmed by gestational diabetes mellitus, resulting in cell-specific barrier function changes.
mothers with hip – the short term and long-term impact, what is new?.
effect of exercise modality on markers of insulin sensitivity and blood glucose control in pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes and childhood obesity.
preventing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women with gestational diabetes – the evidence and potential strategies.
maternal cardiovascular disease after pregnancy complications.
advanced maternal age worsens postpartum vascular function.
the place of fetal cardiac functional assessment in high risk obstetrics.
early postpartum lipid profile in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus: results of a prospective cohort study.
cxc chemokine ligand 16 is increased in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia and associated with lipoproteins in gestational diabetes mellitus at 5 years follow-up.
subclinical inflammation associated with prolonged timp-1 upregulation and arterial stiffness after gestational diabetes mellitus: a hospital-based cohort study.
incidence and risk factors of venous thromboembolism during postpartum period: a population-based cohort-study.
epidemiological profile and obstetric outcomes of patients with peripartum congestive heart failure in taiwan: a retrospective nationwide study.
long-term effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on mothers and offspring and strategies of postpartum follow up.
diabetes in pregnancy.
gestational diabetes mellitus as a risk factor for development of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases.
association between pregnancy complications and long term maternal cardiovascular morbidity.
homocysteine levels in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
serum values of atherogenic index of plasma and lipid ratios in gestational diabetes mellitus.
the severity of gestational diabetes mellitus affects microvascular dysfunction measured three years after pregnancy that may be related to increased oxidative stress.
early recognition of gestational diabetes mellitus - combination of new guidelines and practice.
increased risk of type ii diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease after gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
the offspring of the diabetic mother - short- and long-term implications.
intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and cancer, immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases: a population-based cohort study.
is abnormal glucose metabolism during pregnancy related to endothelial dysfunction?.
increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease after diabetes gravidarum.
specific features of cellular aging in women in different periods of life.
influence of maternal overnutrition and gestational diabetes on the programming of metabolic health outcomes in the offspring: experimental evidence1.
speckle tracking and myocardial tissue imaging in infant of diabetic mother with gestational and pregestational diabetes.
impact of gestational hyperglycemia on maternal and child health.
ethnic enclaves and gestational diabetes among immigrant women in new york city.
gestational diabetes mellitus: yesterday, today, tomorrow.
heterogeneity of cardiovascular risk factors profile in non-diabetic women 2-24 months post gestational diabetes mellitus.
assessment of selected anthropometric parameters in children exposed to gestational diabetes in utero - preliminary results.
the relationship and potential mechanistic pathways between sleep disturbances and maternal hyperglycemia topical collection on diabetes and pregnancy.
comparison of echocardiographic findings in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes and healthy mothers.
comparing carotid intima-media thickness in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus.
blood pressure diurnal rhythm is related with hematological indices in gestational diabetes mellitus patients.
left ventricular function in newborn infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus.
through the looking glass: gestational diabetes as a predictor of maternal and offspring long-term health.
endothelial function in women with and without a history of glucose intolerance in pregnancy.
need for insulin to control gestational diabetes is reflected in the ambulatory arterial stiffness index.
crisis of women diabetics in india: a review.
effect of maternal gestational diabetes on the cardiovascular risk factor profile of infants at 1 year of age.
obstructive sleep apnea and pregnancy: the effect on perinatal outcomes.
accelerometry-measured physical activity and inflammation after gestational diabetes.
postpartum care for aboriginal and non-aboriginal women with gestational diabetes mellitus across urban, rural and remote locations: a protocol for a cohort linkage study.
outcomes in offspring of maternal diabetes.
how to stay heart healthy in 2011: considerations for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease in women.
evaluation of cardiac function in fetuses from pregnant women with abnormal blood glucose levels by brain natriuretic peptide in umbilical cord blood.
intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes is associated with higher adiposity and insulin resistance and clustering of cardiovascular risk markers in indian children.
carbohydrate metabolism and cardiovascular risk factors 4 years after a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes.
inflammation, adipokines, and gestational diabetes mellitus.
maternal nutrition: effects on health in the next generation.
long-term effects of diabetes during pregnancy on the offspring.
primary atherothrombotic occlusive vascular events in premenopausal women with history of adverse pregnancy outcome.
risk for maternal postpartum diabetes.
hypertension in diabetic pregnancy: impact and long-term outlook.
intrapartum fetal ecg and diabetes.
relationship between gestational diabetes and metabolic syndrome.
secundum atrial septal defect in newborns of diabetic mothers.
long term cardiovascular risk in women.
evaluation of adiponectin levels in pregnant women with gestational diabetes.
release of proinflammatory cytokines and 8-isoprostane from placenta, adipose tissue, and skeletal muscle from normal pregnant women and women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
pregnancy complications as a risk factor for metabolic and cardiovascular disease in later life.
effects of a partially home-based exercise program for women with gestational diabetes.
impaired fasting glucose and impaired glucose tolerance in women with prior gestational diabetes are associated with a different cardiovascular profile.
obesity as an obstetric risk factor.
effects of oral contraceptives on the borderline nidd patient.
perinatal hyperinsulinism as possible predisposing factor for diabetes mellitus, obesity and enhanced cardiovascular risk in later life.
11 long-term implications of gestational diabetes for the mother.
there are 8 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
in the end, 7 target papers were left after filtering!.
false positive rate: 0.566468253968254.
false negative rate: 0.125.

Included target articles are as follow:
characteristics of premature myocardial infarction among women with prior adverse pregnancy outcomes.
early cardiovascular events in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
role of type 2 diabetes in determining retinal, renal, and cardiovascular outcomes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes and incident heart failure: a cohort study.
the risk and added values of the atherosclerotic cardiovascular risk enhancers on prediction of cardiovascular events: tehran lipid and glucose study.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risk of ischemic heart disease in mothers: national cohort and co-sibling study.
gestational diabetes mellitus in mothers and long term cardiovascular disease in both parents: results of over a decade follow-up of the iranian population.
earlier age of onset of chronic hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus after a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy or gestational diabetes mellitus.
association of history of gestational diabetes with long-term cardiovascular disease risk in a large prospective cohort of us women.
gestational diabetes mellitus and later cardiovascular disease: a swedish population based case-control study.
association of gestational diabetes with long-term risk of premature mortality, and cardiovascular outcomes and risk factors: a retrospective cohort analysis in the uk biobank.
an association between gestational diabetes mellitus and long-term maternal cardiovascular morbidity.
pregnancy complications and risk of cardiovascular disease later in life: a nationwide cohort study.
increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: a population-based cohort study.
increased risk of cardiovascular and renal disease, and diabetes for all women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus in new zealand-a national retrospective cohort study.
history of gestational diabetes mellitus in relation to cardiovascular disease and cardiovascular risk factors in us women.
pregnancy-induced hypertension and diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes hospitalization in the year following delivery.
gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of cardiovascular disease in women with a family history of type 2 diabetes.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the risks of overall and type-specific cardiovascular diseases: a population- and sibling-matched cohort study.
gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease up to 25 years after pregnancy: a retrospective cohort study.
gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors and disease in u.s. hispanics/latinas in the hispanic community health study/study of latinos (hchs/sol).
trends, predictors, and outcomes of cardiovascular complications at delivery associated with gestational diabetes: a national inpatient sample analysis (2004–2019).
impact of gestational diabetes mellitus and high maternal weight on the development of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease: a population-level analysis.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the role of intercurrent type 2 diabetes on long-term risk of cardiovascular events.
association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomography angiography.
previous pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of cardiovascular disease: a nested case-control study in sweden.
relationship between pregnancy complications and subsequent coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomographic angiography in black women.
five-year risk of all-cause death and cardiovascular events in women with gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
