total number of articles searched: 335.
objectives: ['summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (cvds) impacts in mothers post-delivery', 'summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (cvds) impacts in offspring post-delivery', 'assess the risk ratio (rr) of gdm in relation to overall and subtypes of cvds in mothers post-delivery', 'assess the risk ratio (rr) of gdm in relation to overall and subtypes of cvds in offspring post-delivery'].
the german gestational diabetes study (preg), a prospective multicentre cohort study: rationale, methodology and design.
women with a history of gestational diabetes on long-term follow up have normal vascular function despite more dysglycemia, dyslipidemia and adiposity.
predictors of postpartum lipid abnormalities in women with gestational diabetes.
accelerated metabolic susceptibility to type 2 diabetes in older women with a history of gestational diabetes.
cardiometabolic risk in chinese women with prior gestational diabetes: a 15-year follow-up study.
influence of maternal metabolism on fetal development.
pregnancy-related risk factors are associated with a significant burden of treated hypertension within 10 years of delivery: findings from a population-based norwegian cohort.
predictors in the index pregnancy for postpartal metabolic diseases in the case of gestational diabetes.
identifying postpartum intervention approaches to reduce cardiometabolic risk among american indian women with prior gestational diabetes, oklahoma, 2012-2013.
deacetylation of caveolin-1 by sirt6 induces autophagy and retards high glucose-stimulated ldl transcytosis and atherosclerosis formation.
early versus 6-12 week postpartum glucose tolerance testing for women with gestational diabetes.
hepatic insulin resistance is an early determinant of declining β-cell function in the first year postpartum after glucose intolerance in pregnancy.
diabetes in pregnancy for mothers and offspring: reflection on 30 years of clinical and translational research: the 2022 norbert freinkel award lecture.
elevation of se-selectin levels from 2-24 months following gestational diabetes is associated with early cardiometabolic risk in non-diabetic women.
follow-up of women with gestational diabetes in the tehran lipid and glucose study (tlgs): a population-based cohort study.
hypoadiponectinaemia in south asian women during pregnancy: evidence of ethnic variation in adiponectin concentration.
role of prenatal echocardiography in the study of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in the fetus.
oral glucose tolerance test in pregnancy and subsequent maternal hypertension.
inflammatory, metabolic, and endothelial biomarkers before and after pregnancy complications.
women's and healthcare providers' perceptions of long-term complications associated with hypertension and diabetes in pregnancy: a qualitative study.
hypertensive disorders first identified in pregnancy increase risk for incident prehypertension and hypertension in the year after delivery.
a mouse model of gestational diabetes shows dysregulated lipid metabolism post-weaning, after return to euglycaemia.
use of glucose, glutamine, and fatty acids for trophoblast respiration in lean women, women with obesity, and women with gestational diabetes.
women's reproductive milestones and cardiovascular disease risk: a review of reports and opportunities from the cardia study.
neonatal, infant, and childhood growth following metformin versus insulin treatment for gestational diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
the association of family history of premature cardiovascular disease or diabetes mellitus on the occurrence of gestational hypertensive disease and diabetes.
beneficial effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in gestational diabetes: consequences in macrosomia and adulthood obesity.
the fourth trimester: a time for enhancing transitions in cardiovascular care.
pregnancy characteristics and womens future cardiovascular health: an underused opportunity to improve womens health?.
overweight status and intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes are associated with children's metabolic health.
cardiac doppler in poorly controlled gestational diabetics and its link to markers of intra-uterine hypoxia and adverse outcome.
care of the infant of the diabetic mother.
interventions to mitigate risk of cardiovascular disease after adverse pregnancy outcomes a review.
age and sex influence mitochondria and cardiac health in offspring exposed to maternal glucolipotoxicity.
contemporary clinical updates on the prevention of future cardiovascular disease in women who experience adverse pregnancy outcomes.
insulin resistance and preeclampsia.
preeclampsia and risk of developing subsequent diabetes.
gestational diabetes induces alterations of sirtuins in fetal endothelial cells.
trauma and posttraumatic stress disorder as important risk factors for gestational metabolic dysfunction.
longitudinal metabolic profiling of maternal obesity, gestational diabetes, and hypertensive pregnancy disorders.
ambient air pollution and maternal cardiovascular health in pregnancy.
the effect of synbiotic supplementation on atherogenic indices, hs-crp, and malondialdehyde, as major cvd-related parameters, in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a secondary data-analysis of a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
a protocol for nurse-practitioner led cardiovascular follow-up after pregnancy complications in a socioeconomically disadvantaged population.
the newborn metabolome: associations with gestational diabetes, sex, gestation, birth mode, and birth weight.
endothelium-dependent hemostatic factors in women with previous gestational.
soluble (pro)renin receptor in preeclampsia and diabetic pregnancies.
cord serum lipid profile of infants of diabetic mothers.
lifestyle intervention for diabetes prevention after pregnancy (linda-brasil): study protocol for a multicenter randomized controlled trial.
perinatal programming in offspring of diabetic mothers: clinical data.
pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators primary care approach to postpartum management and prevention of future disease.
maternal nutrition and offspring stress response-implications for future development of non-communicable disease: a perspective from india.
association of maternal pre-pregnancy dietary intake with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
echocardiographic findings in newborns of gestational diabetic mothers and its relationship with somatomedin-c.
postpartum readmissions among women with diabetes.
postpartum care: an approach to the fourth trimester.
hypertension complicating diabetic pregnancies: pathophysiology, management, and controversies.
do pregnancy complications and cvd share common antecedents?.
changes in plasma lipids and markers of oxidative stress in normal pregnancy and pregnancies complicated by diabetes.
pre-pregnancy check-up of maternal vascular status and associated phenotype is crucial for the health of mother and offspring.
cardiovascular morbidity of infants of diabetic mothers and its association with maternal glycaemic control according to hba1c.
oxidative-nitrative stress and poly (adp-ribose) polymerase activation 3 years after pregnancy.
reference values of d-dimers and fibrinogen in the course of physiological pregnancy: the potential impact of selected risk factors-a pilot study.
an enhanced postpartum transition program to primary care.
consensus document from the spanish society of obstetrics and gynecology (sego) and the spanish interdisciplinary committee for vascular prevention (ceipv). window of opportunity: vascular risk prevention in women. adverse pregnancy outcomes and risk of vascular disease.
lifestyle and glycemic health 5 years postpartum in obese and non-obese high diabetes risk women.
risk of subsequent hypertension and diabetes in women with hypertension during pregnancy and gestational diabetes.
low circulating levels of neuregulin 4 as a potential biomarker associated with the severity and prognosis of obesity-related metabolic diseases: a systematic review.
evaluation of anthropometric measures for assessment of cardiometabolic risk in early childhood.
metabolic imprinting by prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal overnutrition: a review.
postpartum complications increased in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
elevated serum uric acid to creatinine ratio is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes: a prospective birth cohort study.
metabolic programming in early life in humans.
when should cardiovascular prevention begin? the importance of antenatal, perinatal and primordial prevention.
preconception cardiovascular risk factors and pregnancy outcome.
cohort profile: mysore parthenon birth cohort.
the relationship between the oxidative stress and the cardiac hypertrophy in infants of diabetic mothers.
long-term outcomes and potential mechanisms of offspring exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia.
programming of maternal and offspring disease: impact of growth restriction, fetal sex and transmission across generations.
maternal arterial stiffness and fetal cardiovascular physiology in diabetic pregnancy.
anti-inflammatory activity of marine ovothiol a in an <i>in vitro</i> model of endothelial dysfunction induced by hyperglycemia.
there are 1 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
the risk and added values of the atherosclerotic cardiovascular risk enhancers on prediction of cardiovascular events: tehran lipid and glucose study.
in the end, 0 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 1.
false positive rate: 0.4388059701492537.
false negative rate: 1.0.

Included target articles are as follow:
characteristics of premature myocardial infarction among women with prior adverse pregnancy outcomes.
early cardiovascular events in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
role of type 2 diabetes in determining retinal, renal, and cardiovascular outcomes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes and incident heart failure: a cohort study.
the risk and added values of the atherosclerotic cardiovascular risk enhancers on prediction of cardiovascular events: tehran lipid and glucose study.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risk of ischemic heart disease in mothers: national cohort and co-sibling study.
gestational diabetes mellitus in mothers and long term cardiovascular disease in both parents: results of over a decade follow-up of the iranian population.
earlier age of onset of chronic hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus after a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy or gestational diabetes mellitus.
association of history of gestational diabetes with long-term cardiovascular disease risk in a large prospective cohort of us women.
gestational diabetes mellitus and later cardiovascular disease: a swedish population based case-control study.
association of gestational diabetes with long-term risk of premature mortality, and cardiovascular outcomes and risk factors: a retrospective cohort analysis in the uk biobank.
an association between gestational diabetes mellitus and long-term maternal cardiovascular morbidity.
pregnancy complications and risk of cardiovascular disease later in life: a nationwide cohort study.
increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: a population-based cohort study.
increased risk of cardiovascular and renal disease, and diabetes for all women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus in new zealand-a national retrospective cohort study.
history of gestational diabetes mellitus in relation to cardiovascular disease and cardiovascular risk factors in us women.
pregnancy-induced hypertension and diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes hospitalization in the year following delivery.
gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of cardiovascular disease in women with a family history of type 2 diabetes.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the risks of overall and type-specific cardiovascular diseases: a population- and sibling-matched cohort study.
gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease up to 25 years after pregnancy: a retrospective cohort study.
gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors and disease in u.s. hispanics/latinas in the hispanic community health study/study of latinos (hchs/sol).
impact of gestational diabetes mellitus and high maternal weight on the development of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease: a population-level analysis.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the role of intercurrent type 2 diabetes on long-term risk of cardiovascular events.
association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomography angiography.
previous pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of cardiovascular disease: a nested case-control study in sweden.
relationship between pregnancy complications and subsequent coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomographic angiography in black women.
five-year risk of all-cause death and cardiovascular events in women with gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
