total number of articles searched: 669.
objectives: ['to summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (cvds) impacts in mothers post-delivery.', 'to summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (cvds) impacts in offspring post-delivery.'].
gestational diabetes mellitus induces placental vasculopathies.
cxc chemokine ligand 16 is increased in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia and associated with lipoproteins in gestational diabetes mellitus at 5years follow-up.
adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus.
a systematic review of metabolite profiling in gestational diabetes mellitus.
updates in long-term maternal and fetal adverse effects of gestational diabetes mellitus.
qt dispersion and electrocardiographic changes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
early postpartum lipid profile in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus: results of a prospective cohort study.
gestational diabetes mellitus: taking it to heart.
plasma ceramide concentrations in full-term pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus: a case-control study.
evaluation of surface ecg changes in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
unraveling the role of micrornas: potential biomarkers for gestational diabetes mellitus revealed through rna sequencing analysis.
cytokine profile, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease risk in women with late-onset gestational diabetes mellitus.
circadian variation of blood pressure is impaired in normotensive pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
n-terminal-pro-brain natriuretic peptide is decreased in insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort trial.
cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus <i>in utero</i>: systematic review and meta-analysis.
gestational diabetes mellitus, body mass index, and cardiometabolic multimorbidity: a prospective cohort study.
effect of human gestational diabetes mellitus on arterial stiffness.
assessment of atrial conduction time and p-wave dispersion in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.
network construction revealed that gestational diabetes mellitus may lead to congenital heart disease via potential lncrnas-mirnas regulating pparγ.
effect of various doses of vitamin d supplementation on pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a randomized controlled trial.
the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal right heart growth in late-term pregnancy: a prospective study.
association between atherogenic index of plasma and gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study based on the korean population.
association of dpp-4 concentrations with the occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus and excessive gestational weight gain.
long-term risk of metabolic disorders in gestational diabetes mellitus mothers and offspring.
gestational diabetes from a to z.
screening of differentially expressed proteins from syncytiotrophoblast for severe early-onset preeclampsia in women with gestational diabetes mellitus using tandem mass tag quantitative proteomics.
association between social capital and the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus: an interim report of the japan environment and children's study.
a comprehensive review of gestational diabetes mellitus: impacts on maternal health, fetal development, childhood outcomes, and long- term treatment strategies.
blood pressure diurnal rhythm is related with hematological indices in gestational diabetes mellitus patients.
vascular phenotype at 35-37 weeks' gestation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
increased intima-media thickness of carotid arteries and cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
maternal cardiac function at 19-23 weeks' gestation in prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes and the neonate: challenges and solutions.
evaluation of fetal myocardial performance index in gestational diabetes mellitus.
the usefulness of plasma asymmetric dimethylarginine (adma) levels and tissue doppler echocardiography for heart function in term infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus.
is fgf-23 an early indicator o atherosclerosis and cardiac dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes?.
long-term follow-up on morbidity among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on the growth, development, and stem cells of offspring.
fetal exposure to gestational diabetes contributes to subsequent adult metabolic syndrome.
serum levels of adipocyte fatty acid binding protein are increased in gestational diabetes mellitus.
a randomized double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial investigating the effect of fish oil supplementation on gene expression related to insulin action, blood lipids, and inflammation in gestational diabetes mellitus-fish oil supplementation and gestational diabetes.
type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes mellitus in south asian women in the united states.
mechanisms of endothelial dysfunction in pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus: windows into future cardiometabolic health?.
controversies in gestational diabetes.
gestational diabetes mellitus impairs nrf2-mediated adaptive antioxidant defenses and redox signaling in fetal endothelial cells in utero.
echocardiographic evaluation of infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional analytical study.
feasibility of a postpartum web- and phone-based lifestyle program for women with a history of preeclampsia or gestational diabetes: a pilot intervention study.
racial and ethnic disparities in chronic health conditions among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
cardiometabolic consequences of gestational dysglycemia.
placental lipid transport and content in response to maternal overweight and gestational diabetes mellitus in human term placenta.
the protective effect of zinc, selenium, and chromium on myocardial fibrosis in the offspring of rats with gestational diabetes mellitus.
inflammation and decreased cardiovagal modulation are linked to stress and depression at 36th week of pregnancy in gestational diabetes mellitus.
can slight glucose intolerance during pregnancy predict future maternal atherosclerotic morbidity?.
uhplc-ms/ms-based metabolomics and clinical phenotypes analysis reveal broad-scale perturbations in early pregnancy related to gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes importance of follow-up screening for the benefit of long-term health.
improving cardiometabolic and mental health in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring: study protocol for <i>mysweetheart trial</i>, a randomised controlled trial.
hormonal choices after gestational diabetes - subsequent pregnancy, contraception, and hormone replacement.
disorders in glucidic metabolism and congenital heart diseases: detection and prevention.
a case of postnatal aortic arch atresia.
impact of adverse gestational milieu on maternal cardiovascular health.
lipoprotein metabolism and vascular complications in pregnancy.
towards novel nutritional strategies in gestational diabetes: eating behaviour and obesity in women with gestational diabetes compared with non-pregnant adults.
placental atherosclerosis and markers of endothelial dysfunction in infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes.
myocardial function in offspring 5-8 years after pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia.
mothers after gestational diabetes in australia diabetes prevention program (magda-dpp) post-natal intervention: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
does gestational diabetes represent an obstetrical risk factor.
significance of obstetrical history with future cardiovascular disease risk.
cardiac malformations in fetuses of gestational and pre gestational diabetic mothers.
gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors and disease in us hispanics/latinas in the hispanic community health study/study of latinos (hchs/sol).
gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease up to 25 years after pregnancy: a retrospective cohort study.
fibrinolytic dysfunction after gestation is associated to components of insulin resistance and early type 2 diabetes in latino women with previous gestational diabetes.
a holistic lifestyle mobile health intervention for the prevention of type 2 diabetes and common mental disorders in asian women with a history of gestational diabetes: a randomised control trial with 3-year follow-up protocol.
long-term consequences and prevention strategies for women with a history of gestational diabetes.
the small dense ldl particle/large buoyant ldl particle ratio is associated with glucose metabolic status in pregnancy.
midgestation cardiovascular phenotype in women who develop gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: comparative study.
fetal cardiac doppler changes in gestational diabetic pregnancies and its relationship with perinatal outcomes.
protocol for a randomized controlled trial of pre-pregnancy lifestyle intervention to reduce recurrence of gestational diabetes: gestational diabetes prevention/prevencion de la diabetes gestacional.
adipokines in pregnancy: a systematic review of clinical data.
c-reactive protein during pregnancy and in the early postpartum predicts adverse metabolic health outcomes at 1 year postpartum in women with gestational diabetes.
do maternal haemodynamics have a causal influence on treatment for gestational diabetes?.
looking at the future through the mother's womb: gestational diabetes and offspring fertility.
abnormal glucose tolerance in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes (who 2013) 10 years after index pregnancy.
pre-pregnancy overweight overtakes gestational diabetes as a risk factor for subsequent metabolic syndrome.
cardiovascular risk profile after a complicated pregnancy across ethnic groups: the helius study.
complex and irregular heart rate dynamics in fetuses compromised by maternal anemia as a high-risk pregnancy.
association analysis in young and middle-aged mothers-relation between expression of cardiovascular disease associated micrornas and abnormal clinical findings.
hyperglycemia at 1h-ogtt in pregnancy: a reliable predictor of metabolic outcomes?.
is impedance cardiography an efficient method to evaluate pregnant women with multiple cardiovascular risks? - case report.
cardiovascular disease risk profiles in women with histories of gestational diabetes but without current diabetes.
cardiovascular disease-related morbidity and mortality in women with a history of pregnancy complications systematic review and meta-analysis.
relationship between gestational diabetes and metabolic syndrome.
maternal diabetes during pregnancy and early onset of cardiovascular disease in offspring: population based cohort study with 40 years of follow up.
the effects of a low gi diet on cardiometabolic and inflammatory parameters in patients with type 2 and gestational diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
glucose screening in pregnancy and future risk of cardiovascular disease in women: a retrospective, population-based cohort study.
do women with diabetes need more intensive action for cardiovascular reduction than men with diabetes?.
pregnancy reveals evolving risk for cardiometabolic disease in women.
early versus 6-12 week postpartum glucose tolerance testing for women with gestational diabetes.
association between gestational diabetes and incident maternal ckd: the coronary artery risk development in young adults (cardia) study.
elevation of se-selectin levels from 2-24 months following gestational diabetes is associated with early cardiometabolic risk in non-diabetic women.
cardiovascular complications of pregnancy.
barriers to, and facilitators of, lifestyle changes to prevent gestational diabetes: an interpretive description of south asian women and health-care providers living and working in southern ontario, canada.
changes in plasma lipids and increased low-density lipoprotein susceptibility to oxidation in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes:: consequences of obesity.
association between cord blood haematocrit and neonatal outcome among neonates of diabetic mothers: a cohort study.
associations of pregnancy complications with calculated cardiovascular disease risk and cardiovascular risk factors in middle age the avon longitudinal study of parents and children.
fetal cardiac function at midgestation in women who subsequently develop gestational diabetes.
gestational diabetes history and glucose tolerance after pregnancy associated with coronary artery calcium in women during midlife the cardia study.
gestational glycemic parameters and future cardiometabolic risk at medium-term follow up.
metabolic disorders during pregnancy and postpartum cardiometabolic risk.
sex differences in cardiovascular disease and unique pregnancy-associated risk factors in women.
pregnancy complications lead to subclinical maternal heart dysfunction-the importance and benefits of follow-up using speckle tracking echocardiography.
women's and healthcare providers' perceptions of long-term complications associated with hypertension and diabetes in pregnancy: a qualitative study.
ambient air pollution and maternal cardiovascular health in pregnancy.
plasma and urinary inositol isomer profiles measured by uhplc-ms/ms reveal differences in scyllo-inositol levels between non-pregnant and pregnant women.
update on sex specific risk factors in cardiovascular disease.
risk factors and clinical features of peripartum cardiomyopathy in a chinese population.
manifestations of chronic disease during pregnancy.
obesity and cardiovascular disease in women.
echocardiographic findings in newborns of gestational diabetic mothers and its relationship with somatomedin-c.
perinatal programming in offspring of diabetic mothers: clinical data.
temporal trends in clinical characteristics and outcomes for peripartum cardiomyopathy: the nationwide multicenter registry over 20 years.
if you have gestational diabetes, keep an eye on the blood vessels. gestational diabetes increases the risk of later cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes.
early pregnancy atherogenic profile in a first pregnancy and hypertension risk 2 to 7 years after delivery.
pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators primary care approach to postpartum management and prevention of future disease.
diagnostic and prognostic value of triglyceride glucose index: a comprehensive evaluation of meta-analysis.
cardiovascular disease risk unmasked by pregnancy complications.
pregnancy complications and premature cardiovascular events among 1.6 million california pregnancies.
comparison of stroke recurrence, cardiovascular events, and death among patients with pregnancy-associated vs non-pregnancy-associated stroke.
antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy: high dimensional, propensity matched, population based cohort study.
first-trimester predictive models for adverse pregnancy outcomes-a base for implementation of strategies to prevent cardiovascular disease development.
pregnancy complications and the risk of metabolic syndrome for the offspring.
incidence, risk factors, and clinical characteristics of peripartum cardiomyopathy in south korea.
benefits and risks of modifying maternal fat intake in pregnancy and lactation.
cardiovascular disease in women: from pathophysiology to novel and emerging risk factors.
the prevalence of documented cardiovascular-related pregnancy complications: cross- sectional study in an academic primary care centre.
brain responses to food viewing in women during pregnancy and post partum and their relationship with metabolic health: study protocol for the foody brain study, a prospective observational study.
isolated neonatal ductus arteriosus aneurysm.
consensus document of the spanish society of obstetrics and gynecology (sego) and the spanish interdisciplinary committee for vascular.
pregnancy, reproductive factors, and female heart failure risk and outcomes.
which healthy lifestyle habits mitigate the risk of obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors in caucasian children exposed to <i>in utero</i> adverse gestational factors?.
a young woman with dyspnea.
there are 8 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
in the end, 8 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 0.
false positive rate: 0.6218236173393124.
false negative rate: 0.0.

Included target articles are as follow:
characteristics of premature myocardial infarction among women with prior adverse pregnancy outcomes.
early cardiovascular events in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
role of type 2 diabetes in determining retinal, renal, and cardiovascular outcomes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes and incident heart failure: a cohort study.
the risk and added values of the atherosclerotic cardiovascular risk enhancers on prediction of cardiovascular events: tehran lipid and glucose study.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risk of ischemic heart disease in mothers: national cohort and co-sibling study.
gestational diabetes mellitus in mothers and long term cardiovascular disease in both parents: results of over a decade follow-up of the iranian population.
earlier age of onset of chronic hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus after a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy or gestational diabetes mellitus.
association of history of gestational diabetes with long-term cardiovascular disease risk in a large prospective cohort of us women.
gestational diabetes mellitus and later cardiovascular disease: a swedish population based case-control study.
association of gestational diabetes with long-term risk of premature mortality, and cardiovascular outcomes and risk factors: a retrospective cohort analysis in the uk biobank.
pregnancy complications and risk of cardiovascular disease later in life: a nationwide cohort study.
increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: a population-based cohort study.
increased risk of cardiovascular and renal disease, and diabetes for all women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus in new zealand-a national retrospective cohort study.
history of gestational diabetes mellitus in relation to cardiovascular disease and cardiovascular risk factors in us women.
pregnancy-induced hypertension and diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes hospitalization in the year following delivery.
gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of cardiovascular disease in women with a family history of type 2 diabetes.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the risks of overall and type-specific cardiovascular diseases: a population- and sibling-matched cohort study.
gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease up to 25 years after pregnancy: a retrospective cohort study.
gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors and disease in u.s. hispanics/latinas in the hispanic community health study/study of latinos (hchs/sol).
impact of gestational diabetes mellitus and high maternal weight on the development of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease: a population-level analysis.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the role of intercurrent type 2 diabetes on long-term risk of cardiovascular events.
association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomography angiography.
previous pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of cardiovascular disease: a nested case-control study in sweden.
relationship between pregnancy complications and subsequent coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomographic angiography in black women.
five-year risk of all-cause death and cardiovascular events in women with gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
