total number of articles searched: 871.
objectives: ['summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (cvds) impacts in mothers post-delivery', 'summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (cvds) impacts in offspring post-delivery'].
association of gestational diabetes mellitus with overall and type specific cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases: systematic review and meta-analysis.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease risk: unique opportunities for cardiovascular disease prevention in women: a scientific statement from the american heart association.
ceramides during pregnancy and obstetrical adverse outcomes.
cardiovascular complications of pregnancy.
gestational diabetes mellitus: post-partum risk and follow up.
gestational diabetes mellitus induces placental vasculopathies.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and future risk of heart failure.
impact of adverse gestational milieu on maternal cardiovascular health.
cardiovascular disease risk unmasked by pregnancy complications.
does gestational diabetes mellitus increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? a mendelian randomization study.
risks after gestational diabetes mellitus in taiwanese women: a nationwide retrospective cohort study.
maternal and long-term offspring outcomes of obesity during pregnancy.
genetic and inflammatory factors underlying gestational diabetes mellitus: a review.
association between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease within 24 months postpartum.
pre-eclampsia and cardiovascular disease risk assessment in women.
gestational diabetes mellitus and future cardiovascular risk: an update.
gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease: a scoping review.
cardiovascular disease in women: from pathophysiology to novel and emerging risk factors.
review of gestational diabetes mellitus effects on vascular structure and function.
fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity: a potential threat for programming cardiovascular disease.
adverse effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal monocytes revealed by single-cell rna sequencing.
hyperglycemia in pregnancy and its implications for a woman's future risk of cardiovascular disease.
gestational diabetes: implications for cardiovascular health.
cardiovascular biomarkers in pregnancy with diabetes and associations to glucose control.
gestational diabetes mellitus: taking it to heart.
cardiometabolic consequences of gestational dysglycemia.
preventing stroke and assessing risk in women.
early pregnancy metabolites predict gestational diabetes mellitus: implications for fetal programming.
association between gestational diabetes mellitus and the risks of type-specific cardiovascular diseases.
considering gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension history across two pregnancies in relationship to cardiovascular disease development: a retrospective cohort study.
long-term cardiovascular outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective uk biobank study.
cardiomyopathy and cardiac function in fetuses and newborns of diabetic mothers.
assessing the causal association of pregnancy complications with diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
impact of prior gestational diabetes on long-term type 2 diabetes complications.
association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomography angiography.
pregnancy complications and risk of cardiovascular disease later in life: a nationwide cohort study.
significance of obstetrical history with future cardiovascular disease risk.
cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
characteristics of premature myocardial infarction among women with prior adverse pregnancy outcomes.
the role of endothelial dysfunction in the pathogenesis of pregnancy-related pathological conditions: a review.
three-dimensional echocardiography and cardiac strain imaging in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
cardiovascular disease in women: the significance of hypertension and gestational diabetes during pregnancy.
association of concomitant gestational hypertensive disorders and gestational diabetes with cardiovascular disease.
non-invasive detection of fetal vascular endothelial function in gestational diabetes mellitus.
cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus: a longitudinal study from fetal life to infancy.
therapies for gestational diabetes and their implications for maternal and offspring health: evidence from human and animal studies.
female-specific risk factors for cardiovascular disease: an update.
gestational diabetes, pregnancy hypertension, and late vascular disease.
recent experimental studies of maternal obesity, diabetes during pregnancy and the developmental origins of cardiovascular disease.
evaluation of fetal cardiac function in maternal gestational diabetes mellitus by speckle-tracking echocardiography.
insulin resistance and its potential role in pregnancy-induced hypertension.
manifestations of chronic disease during pregnancy.
the birth of cardiac disease: mechanisms linking gestational diabetes mellitus and early onset of cardiovascular disease in offspring.
postpartum healthcare after gestational diabetes and hypertension.
antenatal glycemic management and postpartum cardiovascular disease risk screening.
lifetime duration of breastfeeding and cardiovascular risk in women with type 2 diabetes or a history of gestational diabetes: findings from two large prospective cohorts.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and maternal chronic diseases in the future: a cross-sectional study using koges-hexa data.
fetal exposure to gestational diabetes contributes to subsequent adult metabolic syndrome.
diagnostic and prognostic value of triglyceride glucose index: a comprehensive evaluation of meta-analysis.
increased risk of cardiovascular disease in women with prior gestational diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
correlation between inflammatory markers and insulin resistance in pregnancy.
diabetes-induced perturbations are subject to intergenerational transmission through maternal line.
can slight glucose intolerance during pregnancy predict future maternal atherosclerotic morbidity?.
cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: a nationwide register-based cohort study.
previous gestational diabetes history is associated with impaired coronary flow reserve.
gestational diabetes and the metabolic syndrome: can obesity and small, dense low density lipoproteins be key mediators of this association?.
incidence of heart failure related to co-occurrence of gestational hypertensive disorders and gestational diabetes.
the life course perspective of gestational diabetes: an opportunity for the prevention of diabetes and heart disease in women.
postpartum dyslipidaemia in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus.
long-term metabolic consequences in patients with a history of gestational diabetes.
increased fetal cardiovascular disease risk: potential synergy between gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal hypercholesterolemia.
association of maternal glucose concentrations during pregnancy with cardiovascular alterations in early childhood: a prospective birth cohort study.
leptin and adiponectin as predictors of cardiovascular risk after gestational diabetes mellitus.
impaired microvascular insulin-dependent dilation in women with a history of gestational diabetes.
maternal cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus at 35-36 weeks' gestation and 6 months postpartum.
maternal dyslipidaemia in pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus: possible impact on foetoplacental vascular function and lipoproteins in the neonatal circulation.
left atrial shortening fraction to predict fetal cardiac abnormalities and dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus.
effect of well-controlled gestational diabetes on left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in neonates.
the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on carotid artery intima-media thickness in and after pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the risks of overall and type-specific cardiovascular diseases: a population- and sibling-matched cohort study.
proteomics and bioinformatics analysis of cardiovascular related proteins in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus.
biomarkers of vascular injury and endothelial dysfunction after recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy.
early cardiovascular events in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes mellitus in south asian women in the united states.
assessment of cardiac function in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers during the second trimester.
gestational diabetes mellitus and later cardiovascular disease: a swedish population based case-control study.
perinatal changes in fetal cardiac geometry and function in diabetic pregnancy at term.
clinical features and outcomes of acute coronary syndrome in women with previous pregnancy complications.
association of gestational diabetes mellitus with left ventricular structure and function: the cardia study.
second trimester fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness in gestational diabetic pregnancies.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risk of ischemic heart disease in mothers: national cohort and co-sibling study.
does gestational diabetes history increase epicardial fat and carotid intima media thickness?.
implementing care for women with gestational diabetes after delivery-the challenges ahead.
five-year risk of all-cause death and cardiovascular events in women with gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
early subclinical atherosclerosis in gestational diabetes: the predictive role of routine biomarkers and nutrigenetic variants.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the role of intercurrent type 2 diabetes on long-term risk of cardiovascular events.
two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography in assessing the subclinical myocardial dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes mellitus, body mass index, and cardiometabolic multimorbidity: a prospective cohort study.
glucose intolerance in pregnancy and postpartum risk of metabolic syndrome in young women.
exposure to maternal gestational diabetes is associated with higher cardiovascular responses to stress in adolescent indians.
glucose tolerance in pregnancy and the long-term risk of cardiovascular disease.
the impact of gestational diabetes in pregnancy on the cardiovascular system of children at one year of age.
glucose screening in pregnancy and future risk of cardiovascular disease in women: a retrospective, population-based cohort study.
assessment of myocardial function in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus using deformation imaging over the first year of age.
cardiovascular risk factors in chinese women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
cardiac function in infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes　- estimation of early diastolic intraventricular pressure differences.
cardiovascular risk profile after a complicated pregnancy across ethnic groups: the helius study.
evaluation of a postpartum cardiovascular risk screening clinic: an analysis of interpregnancy and subsequent pregnancy outcomes.
assessing the consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus on offspring's cardiovascular health: mysweetheart cohort study protocol, switzerland.
os104. are preeclampsia and adverse obstetrical outcomes predictors for longterm cardiovascular disease?.
gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease up to 25 years after pregnancy: a retrospective cohort study.
combined past preeclampsia and gestational diabetes is associated with a very high frequency of coronary microvascular dysfunction.
cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: systematic review and meta-analysis.
paired maternal and fetal cardiac functional measurements in women with gestational diabetes mellitus at 35-36 weeks' gestation.
impaired cardiac autonomic function in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors and disease in u.s. hispanics/latinas in the hispanic community health study/study of latinos (hchs/sol).
risk prediction of maternal cardiovascular disease one year after hypertensive pregnancy complications or gestational diabetes mellitus.
assessment of structural cardiac abnormalities and diastolic function in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
differences in biomarkers of cardiac dysfunction in cord blood between normal pregnancies and pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes.
fetal cardiac functional abnormalities assessed by echocardiography in mothers suffering gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
gestational diabetes mellitus in mothers and long term cardiovascular disease in both parents: results of over a decade follow-up of the iranian population.
glucose tolerance status in pregnancy: a window to the future risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in young women.
the protective effect of zinc, selenium, and chromium on myocardial fibrosis in the offspring of rats with gestational diabetes mellitus.
the impact of short-term hyperglycemia and obesity on biventricular and biatrial myocardial function assessed by speckle tracking echocardiography in a population of women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
changes in the shape and function of the fetal heart of pre- and gestational diabetes mothers.
is fgf-23 an early indicator of atherosclerosis and cardiac dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes?.
increased carotid artery intima-media thickness in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
ecg body surface mapping in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and optimal metabolic compensation.
oxidative stress contributes to reductions in microvascular endothelial- and nitric oxide-dependent dilation in women with a history of gestational diabetes.
protective influence of breastfeeding on cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and their children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
gestational diabetes mellitus and development of intergenerational overall and subtypes of cardiovascular diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
unfavorable cytokine and adhesion molecule profiles during and after pregnancy, in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
history of gestational diabetes mellitus in relation to cardiovascular disease and cardiovascular risk factors in us women.
long-term consequences for offspring of diabetes during pregnancy.
studies to improve perinatal health through diet and lifestyle among south asian women living in canada: a brief history and future research directions.
evaluation of postpartum carbohydrate intolerance and cardiovascular risk factors in women with gestational diabetes.
knowledge and care regarding long-term cardiovascular risk after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes.
relationship between pregnancy complications and subsequent coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomographic angiography in black women.
[increased risk of type ii diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease after gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review].
pregnancy-induced hypertension and diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes hospitalization in the year following delivery.
prevalence of glucose intolerance and metabolic syndrome within one year following delivery of a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes.
maternal high-fat diet impairs cardiac function in offspring of diabetic pregnancy through metabolic stress and mitochondrial dysfunction.
up-regulation of brd4 contributes to gestational diabetes mellitus-induced cardiac hypertrophy in offspring by promoting mitochondria dysfunction in sex-independent manner.
substantially altered expression profile of diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular disease associated micrornas in children descending from pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus-one of several possible reasons for an increased cardiovascular risk.
circulating b-type natriuretic peptide in women with and without recent gestational diabetes: the impact of current glucose intolerance.
mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy and risk of cardiovascular disease: a population-based cohort study.
[a brief of gestational diabetes mellitus, risk factors and current criteria of diagnosis].
underestimating risk in women delays diagnosis of cvd.
women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus present an accumulation of cardiovascular risk factors at age 46-a birth cohort study.
carotid intima media thickness, brachial flow mediated dilation and previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: a population-based cohort study.
history of gestational diabetes mellitus and future risk of atherosclerosis in mid-life: the coronary artery risk development in young adults study.
rising plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and hypoadiponectinemia characterize the cardiometabolic biomarker profile of women with recent gestational diabetes.
association of serum amyloid a with subclinical atherosclerosis in women with gestational diabetes.
follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with gestational diabetes treated with insulin and/or oral glucose-lowering agents: a core outcome set using a delphi survey.
epigenetic down-regulation of sirt 1 via dna methylation and oxidative stress signaling contributes to the gestational diabetes mellitus-induced fetal programming of heart ischemia-sensitive phenotype in late life.
[maternal obesity as a risk factor for complications in pregnancy, labor and pregnancy outcomes].
epicardial fat thickness in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and its association with n-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide.
n-terminal pro-b-type natriuretic peptide levels vary by ethnicity and are associated with insulin sensitivity after gestational diabetes mellitus.
is there an association between glomerular hyperfiltration and coronary flow velocity reserve in patients with gestational diabetes history?.
cxc chemokine ligand 16 is increased in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia and associated with lipoproteins in gestational diabetes mellitus at 5 years follow-up.
effect of prior gestational diabetes on the risk of cardiovascular disease and death in women with type 2 diabetes: the fremantle diabetes study phase ii.
the evaluation of fetal interventricular septum with m-mode and spectral tissue doppler imaging in gestational diabetes mellitus: a case-control study.
assessment of noninvasive risk markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in premenopausal women with previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
the combined impact of migraine and gestational diabetes on long-term risk of premature myocardial infarction and stroke: a population-based cohort study.
hypertension, diabetes and overweight: looming legacies of the biafran famine.
associations of prognostic nutritional index with risk of all-cause and cardiovascular disease mortalities in persons with gestational diabetes mellitus: a nhanes-based analysis.
a meta-analysis of differences in thyroid and cardiac function between women with normal pregnancies and gestational diabetes mellitus.
haemodynamic differences amongst women who were screened for gestational diabetes in comparison to healthy controls.
transforming growth factor-beta 1 levels in women with prior history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
assessment of arterial stiffness in women with gestational diabetes.
estudio parto: postpartum diabetes prevention program for hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance in pregnancy: a randomised controlled trial - study protocol.
cardiac diastolic evaluation in pregnant women with abnormal glucose tolerance: an opportunity to detect the early and subclinical alterations and prevent cardiovascular diseases.
the optimal control of blood glucose is associated with normal blood pressure 24 hours profile and prevention of the left ventricular remodeling in the patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.
the graded relationship between glucose tolerance status in pregnancy and postpartum levels of low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein b in young women: implications for future cardiovascular risk.
early manifestation of cardiovascular disease risk factors in offspring of mothers with previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
decreased paraoxonase and arylesterase activities in the pathogenesis of future atherosclerotic heart disease in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
novel myh7 variant in the neonate of a mother with gestational diabetes mellitus showing left ventricular hypertrophy and noncompaction.
prevalence of the impaired glucose metabolism and its association with risk factors for coronary artery disease in women with gestational diabetes.
is exercise safe or useful for gestational diabetic women?.
following in mother's footsteps? mother-daughter risks for insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease 15 years after gestational diabetes.
the postpartum cardiovascular risk factor profile of women with isolated hyperglycemia at 1-hour on the oral glucose tolerance test in pregnancy.
evaluation of the future atherosclerotic heart disease with oxidative stress and carotid artery intima media thickness in gestational diabetes mellitus.
correction: increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: a population-based cohort study.
[evaluation of cardiac function in fetuses from pregnant women with abnormal blood glucose levels by brain natriuretic peptide in umbilical cord blood].
the pathophysiology of gestational diabetes mellitus.
long-term cardio-metabolic effects after gestational diabetes: a review.
association of gestational diabetes with subclinical cardiovascular disease.
gestational diabetes mellitus-innovative approach to prediction, diagnosis, management, and prevention of future ncd-mother and offspring.
windows of opportunity for lifestyle interventions to prevent gestational diabetes mellitus.
increased risk of cardiovascular disease in young women following gestational diabetes mellitus.
role of type 2 diabetes in determining retinal, renal, and cardiovascular outcomes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes, maternal obesity, and the ncd burden.
previous gestational diabetes mellitus and markers of cardiovascular risk.
blunted cerebral oxygenation during exercise in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: associations with macrovascular function and cardiovascular risk factors.
blood pressure and lipid changes in gestational diabetes mellitus.
impact of pregnancy on the trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors in women with and without gestational diabetes.
metabolic dysfunction in pregnancy: fingerprinting the maternal metabolome using proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
health impacts of new-onset diabetes in women post-gestational diabetes mellitus: insights from hong kong's territory-wide data.
the rhoa guanine exchange factor abr: a glucose-sensitive mediator of actin reorganization in feto-placental arterial endothelial cells altered by gestational diabetes mellitus.
noninvasive assessment of subclinical atherosclerosis in normotensive gravidae with gestational diabetes.
early onset of subclinical atherosclerosis in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes and incident heart failure: a cohort study.
diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk assessment in mothers with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus based on postpartal expression profile of micrornas associated with diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases.
gestational diabetes mellitus, follow-up of future maternal risk of cardiovascular disease and the use of ehealth technologies-a scoping review.
influence of gestational diabetes mellitus on subclinical myocardial dysfunction during pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
impact of gestational diabetes mellitus and high maternal weight on the development of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease: a population-level analysis.
maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and congenital heart disease in offspring: a meta-analysis.
asymmetric dimethylarginine is associated with high-sensitivity c-reactive protein and early carotid atherosclerosis in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
asymmetric dimethylarginine and gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
pregnancy complications as a window to future cardiovascular disease.
fetoplacental vascular endothelial dysfunction as an early phenomenon in the programming of human adult diseases in subjects born from gestational diabetes mellitus or obesity in pregnancy.
preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and later risk of cardiovascular disease: women's experiences and motivation for lifestyle changes explored in focus group interviews.
impairments in microvascular function and skeletal muscle oxygenation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: links to cardiovascular disease risk factors.
fetal cardiac function at midgestation in women who subsequently develop gestational diabetes.
gestational diabetes mellitus and its implications across the life span.
a clinical update on gestational diabetes mellitus.
impact of systemic inflammation on the progression of gestational diabetes mellitus.
previous pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of cardiovascular disease: a nested case-control study in sweden.
the fetal and maternal consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus.
urinary metabolites altered during the third trimester in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus: relationship with potential upcoming metabolic disorders.
cytokine profile, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease risk in women with late-onset gestational diabetes mellitus.
the link between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular diseases: potential role of extracellular vesicles.
qt dispersion and electrocardiographic changes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
decreased flow-mediated dilation in gestational diabetes in pregnancy and post-partum. a systematic review and meta-analysis.
a review of maternal overweight and obesity and its impact on cardiometabolic outcomes during pregnancy and postpartum.
polycystic ovary syndrome (pcos) increases the risk of subsequent gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm): a novel therapeutic perspective.
long term (>1 year) postpartum glucose tolerance status among indian women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) diagnosed by iadpsg criteria.
prevalence of a history of metabolic or hypertensive pregnancy disorder in patients with myocardial infarction and non-obstructive coronary arteries: an observational cohort study.
oxidized ldl, insulin resistance and central blood pressure after gestational diabetes mellitus.
long-term outcomes in mothers diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring.
aortic intima-media thickness is increased in neonates of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus: the role of thioredoxin-interacting protein as a marker of oxidative stress.
gestational diabetes.
interconception care for women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.
effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on neonatal myocardial function.
estimating the risk after gestational diabetes mellitus: can we improve the information from the postpartum ogtt?.
gestational diabetes mellitus: an opportunity to prevent type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in young women.
associations of pregnancy complications with calculated cardiovascular disease risk and cardiovascular risk factors in middle age: the avon longitudinal study of parents and children.
dulce mothers: an intervention to reduce diabetes and cardiovascular risk in latinas after gestational diabetes.
the association of specific dietary patterns with cardiometabolic outcomes in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus: a scoping review.
circadian variation of blood pressure is impaired in normotensive pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
associations of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus with alterations in cardiovascular system in early childhood.
maternal diabetes during pregnancy and early onset of cardiovascular disease in offspring: population based cohort study with 40 years of follow-up.
clinical and metabolic characterization of women with gestational diabetes mellitus within the first year postpartum.
preventing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women with gestational diabetes - the evidence and potential strategies.
gestational diabetes mellitus and cardio-metabolic risk factors in women and children at 3 years postpartum.
cardiovascular disease-related morbidity and mortality in women with a history of pregnancy complications.
prognostic indicators of persistent carotid intima-media thickness increase in postpartum period in a population of normotensive women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
improving cardiometabolic and mental health in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring: study protocol for mysweetheart trial, a randomised controlled trial.
gestational diabetes: prevalence and risks for the mother and child (review).
late cardiovascular consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus.
elevated galectin-3 in women with gestational diabetes mellitus, a new surrogate for cardiovascular disease in women.
lifestyle behaviors and cardiovascular risk profiles among parous women by gestational diabetes status, 2007-2018.
association of dna methylation with infant birth weight in women with gestational diabetes.
adverse pregnancy outcomes as a risk factor for new-onset metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease in postpartum women: a nationwide study.
cardiovascular disease risk in the offspring of diabetic women: the impact of the intrauterine environment.
tissues derived from reprogrammed wharton's jelly stem cells of the umbilical cord provide an ideal platform to study the effects of glucose, zika virus, and other agents on the fetus.
hyperglycemia at 1h-ogtt in pregnancy: a reliable predictor of metabolic outcomes?.
pre-pregnancy overweight overtakes gestational diabetes as a risk factor for subsequent metabolic syndrome.
adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with reduced coronary flow reserve in women with signs and symptoms of ischemia without obstructive coronary artery disease: a report from the women's ischemia syndrome evaluation-coronary vascular dysfunction study.
association analysis in young and middle-aged mothers-relation between expression of cardiovascular disease associated micrornas and abnormal clinical findings.
gestational diabetes mellitus impairs nrf2-mediated adaptive antioxidant defenses and redox signaling in fetal endothelial cells in utero.
adipokines in pregnancy: a systematic review of clinical data.
inflammation and decreased cardiovagal modulation are linked to stress and depression at 36th week of pregnancy in gestational diabetes mellitus.
increased risk of cardiovascular and renal disease, and diabetes for all women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus in new zealand-a national retrospective cohort study.
conjoint associations of gestational diabetes and hypertension with diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease in parents: a retrospective cohort study.
pregnancy complications, cardiovascular risk factors, and future heart disease.
comprehensive primary prevention of cardiovascular disease in women.
urine albumin-creatinine ratio in women with gestational diabetes: its link with glycaemic status.
maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of subsequent pediatric cardiovascular diseases of the offspring: a population-based cohort study with up to 18 years of follow up.
asymmetric dimethylarginine and arginine metabolites in women with and without a history of gestational diabetes.
predictors and risk factors of short-term and long-term outcomes among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and their offspring: moving toward precision prognosis?.
association analysis in children born from normal and complicated pregnancies-cardiovascular disease associated micrornas and the incidence of prehypertension/hypertension, overweight/obesity, valve problems and heart defects.
inflammatory markers in women with a recent history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
insulin need in gestational diabetes is associated with a worse cardiovascular risk profile after pregnancy.
effects of sedentary behavior on the complications experienced by pregnant women: a systematic review.
high prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors and insulin resistance 6 years after hyperglycemia first detected in pregnancy in cape town, south africa.
aortic stiffness and cardiovascular risk in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus on neonatal cardiovascular health: mysweetheart cohort study.
previous gestational diabetes increases atherogenic dyslipidemia in subsequent pregnancy and postpartum.
pregnancy-related risk factors are associated with a significant burden of treated hypertension within 10 years of delivery: findings from a population-based norwegian cohort.
should we consider gestational diabetes a vascular risk factor?.
anthropometry and cardiovascular risk factors in women and offspring after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus.
gestational glycemic parameters and future cardiometabolic risk at medium-term follow up.
the role of lifestyle intervention in the prevention and treatment of gestational diabetes.
the impact of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension on future cardiovascular events: a nationwide cross-sectional cohort study.
uhplc-ms/ms-based metabolomics and clinical phenotypes analysis reveal broad-scale perturbations in early pregnancy related to gestational diabetes mellitus.
biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction in relation to impaired carbohydrate metabolism following pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus.
programming of vascular dysfunction in the intrauterine milieu of diabetic pregnancies.
incidence, risk factors, management, and outcomes of stroke in pregnancy.
associations of maternal glycemia in the first half of pregnancy with alterations in cardiac structure and function in childhood.
gestational diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease in women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
prevalence of metabolic syndrome in women after maternal complications of pregnancy: an observational cohort analysis.
predicting adverse perinatal outcomes with fetal modified myocardial performance index and epicardial fat tissue thickness in diabetes-complicated pregnancies.
serum platelet-activating factor acetylhydrolase activity: relationship with metabolic syndrome in women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
inflammatory, metabolic and endothelial biomarkers before and after pregnancy complications.
maternal weight and gestational diabetes impacts on child health.
persistent elevation and metabolic dependence of circulating e-selectin after delivery in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
effect of race/ethnicity on hypertension risk subsequent to gestational diabetes mellitus.
effect of pioglitazone on progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in non-diabetic premenopausal hispanic women with prior gestational diabetes.
earlier age of onset of chronic hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus after a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy or gestational diabetes mellitus.
lipoprotein-associated phospholipase a2 and ages are associated with cardiovascular risk factors in women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
increased fat mass and cardiac septal hypertrophy in newborn infants of mothers with well-controlled diabetes during pregnancy.
association of history of gestational diabetes with long-term cardiovascular disease risk in a large prospective cohort of us women.
cardiovascular disease risk factor interventions in women with prior gestational hypertensive disorders or diabetes in north america: a rapid review.
soft drink consumption and gestational diabetes risk in the sun project.
changes in plasma lipids and increased low-density lipoprotein susceptibility to oxidation in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes: consequences of obesity.
potential of metformin to improve cardiac risk in postpartum women with gestational diabetes.
use of the myocardial performance index as a prognostic indicator of adverse fetal outcome in poorly controlled gestational diabetic pregnancies.
women's awareness of cardiovascular disease risk after complications of pregnancy.
subclinical inflammation and vascular dysfunction in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
barriers and facilitators of cardiovascular disease prevention services for women with prior gestational diabetes or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in low-income, middle-income and high-income settings: a scoping review protocol.
microalbuminuria following gestational diabetes.
adiposity, dysmetabolic traits, and earlier onset of female puberty in adolescent offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a clinical study within the danish national birth cohort.
myocardial function in offspring 5-8years after pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia.
preventing adverse cardiovascular outcomes in pregnancy complicated by obesity.
gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of cardiovascular disease in women with a family history of type 2 diabetes.
overweight and the metabolic syndrome in adult offspring of women with diet-treated gestational diabetes mellitus or type 1 diabetes.
racial and ethnic disparities in chronic health conditions among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
the association between serum asymmetric dimethyl arginine levels and a history of gestational diabetes among healthy women.
nutritional and developmental programming effects of insulin.
gestational diabetes mellitus and offspring's carotid intima-media thickness at birth: mysweetheart cohort study.
the impact of ethnicity on glucose regulation and the metabolic syndrome following gestational diabetes.
long-term neurobehavioral and metabolic outcomes in offspring of mothers with diabetes during pregnancy: a large, population-based cohort study in ontario, canada.
association between fetal overgrowth and metabolic parameters in cord blood of newborns of women with gdm.
maternal arterial stiffness in pregnancies complicated by gestational and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
circulating angiotensin ii type i receptor - autoantibodies in diabetic pregnancies.
maternal cardiac changes in women with obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus.
protocol for a randomized controlled trial of pre-pregnancy lifestyle intervention to reduce recurrence of gestational diabetes: gestational diabetes prevention/prevención de la diabetes gestacional.
transgelin induces dysfunction of fetal endothelial colony-forming cells from gestational diabetic pregnancies.
the pregravid vascular risk factor profile of low-risk women who develop pregnancy outcomes that predict future cardiovascular disease.
special considerations in the management of diabetes in women.
atlantic-dip: prevalence of metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus by international association of diabetes in pregnancy study groups criteria.
dynamic left ventricular changes in patients with gestational diabetes: a speckle tracking echocardiography study.
association of gestational diabetes with long-term risk of premature mortality, and cardiovascular outcomes and risk factors: a retrospective cohort analysis in the uk biobank.
second-trimester constituents of the metabolic syndrome and pregnancy outcome: an observational cohort study.
developmental origins of pregnancy-induced cardiac changes: establishment of a novel model using the atrial natriuretic peptide gene-disrupted mice.
cardiovascular disease in women: challenge of the middle years.
early pregnancy atherogenic profile in a first pregnancy and hypertension risk 2 to 7 years after delivery.
maternal hemodynamic changes in gestational diabetes: a prospective case-control study.
cardiovascular risk screening and pregnancy complications: a comparison of two canadian maternal health clinic populations.
cardiovascular disease screening.
association between changes in postpartum weight and waist circumference and changes in cardiometabolic risk factors among women with recent gestational diabetes.
gestational diabetes alters functions in offspring's umbilical cord cells with implications for cardiovascular health.
c-reactive protein during pregnancy and in the early postpartum predicts adverse metabolic health outcomes at 1 year postpartum in women with gestational diabetes.
pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators: primary care approach to postpartum management and prevention of future disease.
maternal obesity and gestational diabetes: impact on arterial wall layer thickness and stiffness in early childhood - radiel study six-year follow-up.
gestational diabetes history and glucose tolerance after pregnancy associated with coronary artery calcium in women during midlife: the cardia study.
precision stratification of prognostic risk factors associated with outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
cardiovascular risk factors during pregnancy impact the postpartum cardiac and vascular reverse remodeling.
a simple scoring method using cardiometabolic risk measurements in pregnancy to determine 10-year risk of type 2 diabetes in women with gestational diabetes.
[placental atherosclerosis and markers of endothelial dysfunction in infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes].
markers of cardiovascular risk associated with pregnancy.
low circulating pentraxin 3 levels in pregnancy is associated with gestational diabetes and increased apob/apoa ratio: a 5-year follow-up study.
gestational diabetes but not prepregnancy overweight predicts for cardiometabolic markers in offspring twenty years later.
pregnancy reveals evolving risk for cardiometabolic disease in women.
risk of cardiovascular events after gestational diabetes: a retrospective population study.
evaluation of subclinical atherosclerosis and cardiac functions in children of mothers with gestational diabetes and maternal obesity.
long-term cardiovascular disease after adverse pregnancy outcomes.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular risk factor management.
instituting a curriculum for cardio-obstetrics subspecialty fellowship training.
association of tribbles homologue 1 gene expression in human umbilical vein endothelial cells with duration of intrauterine exposure to hyperglycaemia.
sex differences in cardiovascular risk factors and disease prevention.
pregnancy as an early cardiovascular moment: peripartum cardiovascular health.
pregnancy complications and later development of hypertension.
metabolic and vascular abnormalities in subjects at risk for type 2 diabetes: the early start of a dangerous situation.
[documento de consenso de la sociedad española de obstetricia y ginecologia (sego) y el comité español interdisciplinario para la prevención vascular (ceipv). ventana de oportunidad: prevención del riesgo vascular en la mujer. resultados adversos del embarazo y riesgo de enfermedad vascular.].
alterations of sympathetic nervous system, coagulation and platelet function in gestational diabetes.
maternal morbidity and risk of death at delivery hospitalization.
cardiovascular disease risk profiles in women with histories of gestational diabetes but without current diabetes.
imbalance of the autonomic nervous system at night in women with gestational diabetes.
[heart failure caused by myocardial hypertrophy in diabetic fetopathy].
[pregnancy complications as a risk factor for metabolic and cardiovascular disease in later life].
engineering bioactive nanoparticles to rejuvenate vascular progenitor cells.
cardiometabolic risk, knowledge, risk perception, and self-efficacy among american indian women with previous gestational diabetes.
provider counseling about and risk perception for future chronic disease among women with gestational diabetes and preeclampsia.
hyperglycemia-induced endothelial dysfunction is alleviated by thioredoxin mimetic peptides through the restoration of vegfr-2-induced responses and improved cell survival.
gestational diabetes, inflammation, and late vascular disease.
maternal diabetes, birth weight, and neonatal risk of congenital heart defects in norway, 1994-2009.
pregnancy as a predictor of maternal cardiovascular disease: the era of cardioobstetrics.
pregnancy complications and the risk of metabolic syndrome for the offspring.
transitional hemodynamics in infants of diabetic mothers by targeted neonatal echocardiography, electrocardiography and peripheral flow study.
long-term sequelae of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
evaluating the postpartum maternal health clinic: how patient characteristics predict follow-up.
utilization of primary and obstetric care after medically complicated pregnancies: an analysis of medical claims data.
intrauterine exposure to diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease in adolescence and early adulthood: a population-based birth cohort study.
cardiovascular risk markers in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia.
gestational diabetes and the offspring: implications in the development of the cardiorenal metabolic syndrome in offspring.
infants with macrosomia and infants of diabetic mothers have increased carotid artery intima-media thickness in childhood.
mothers after gestational diabetes in australia (magda): a randomised controlled trial of a postnatal diabetes prevention program.
is a history of gestational diabetes related to risk factors for coronary heart disease?.
altered diastolic function in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes: no relation to macrosomia.
mediating effect of vascular risk factors underlying the link between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
pregnancy, reproductive factors, and female heart failure risk and outcomes.
gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy as vascular risk signals: an overview and grading of the evidence.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and future maternal cardiovascular disease.
primary care management post gestational diabetes in australia.
adverse effect of obesity on red cell membrane arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids in gestational diabetes.
impaired left ventricular diastolic function in newborn infants of mothers with pregestational or gestational diabetes with good glycemic control.
mothers with hip - the short term and long-term impact, what is new?.
impact of maternal diabetes on epigenetic modifications leading to diseases in the offspring.
[short-term and long-term risks for children born from patients with gestational diabetes].
association of gestational diabetes with subsequent long-term risk of mortality.
barriers to, and facilitators of, lifestyle changes to prevent gestational diabetes: an interpretive description of south asian women and health-care providers living and working in southern ontario, canada.
maternal obesity induced metabolic disorders in offspring and myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulation.
atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype and ldl size and subclasses in women with gestational diabetes.
clinical and biochemical approach to predicting post-pregnancy metabolic decompensation.
impact of maternal obesity on perinatal and childhood outcomes.
features of endothelial dysfunction in umbilical cord vessels of women with gestational diabetes.
persistent subclinical myocardial dysfunction among infants of diabetic mothers.
amino acid and lipid metabolism in post-gestational diabetes and progression to type 2 diabetes: a metabolic profiling study.
the association between in utero hyperinsulinemia and adolescent arterial stiffness.
sleep-disordered breathing and pregnancy-related cardiovascular disease.
abnormal glucose tolerance in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes (who 2013) 10 years after index pregnancy.
elevation of se-selectin levels 2-24 months following gestational diabetes is associated with early cardiometabolic risk in nondiabetic women.
original findings and updated meta-analysis for the association between maternal diabetes and risk for congenital heart disease phenotypes.
pregnancy: a stress test for life.
[secundum atrial septal defect in newborns of diabetic mothers].
prevention of cardiovascular disease in women with pregnancy-related risk factors: a prospective women's heart clinic study.
study of global left atrial shortening in fetuses of diabetic mothers.
preconception metabolic indicators predict gestational diabetes and offspring birthweight.
pregnancy as a window to future health: excessive gestational weight gain and obesity.
multigenerational diabetes mellitus.
recognizing pregnancy-associated cardiovascular risk factors.
increased osteoprotegerin levels in women with previous gestational diabetes developing metabolic syndrome.
sleep-disordered breathing and future cardiovascular disease risk.
early life programming of health and disease: the long-term consequences of obesity in pregnancy.
association between diabetes during pregnancy and peripartum cardiomyopathy: a population-level analysis of 309,825 women.
non-invasive myocardial work indices in infants born to mothers with diabetes in pregnancy.
umbilical artery intima-media and wall thickness in infants of diabetic mothers.
the inheritance of cardiovascular disease risk.
other adverse pregnancy outcomes and future chronic disease.
importance of engaging obstetrician/gynecologists in cardiovascular disease prevention.
the rubenesque pregnancy: a progression towards higher blood pressure correlates with a measure of endogenous and exogenous insulin levels.
a qualitative study of perceptions, strengths, and opportunities in cardiometabolic risk management during pregnancy and postpartum in a georgia safety-net hospital, 2021.
type 2 diabetes after a pregnancy with gestational diabetes among first nations women in australia: the pandora study.
circulating concentrations of asymmetrical dimethyl-l-arginine are increased in women with previous gestational diabetes.
pregnancy-associated risk factors for future cardiovascular disease - early prevention strategies warranted.
association between pregnancy-related complications and development of type 2 diabetes and hypertension in women: an umbrella review.
women-specific predictors of cardiovascular disease risk - new paradigms.
effect of thiazolidinedione treatment on progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in premenopausal women at high risk for type 2 diabetes.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term maternal kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
liraglutide mitigates tnf-α induced pro-atherogenic changes and microvesicle release in huvec from diabetic women.
cardiovascular risk factors in children exposed to maternal diabetes in utero.
parity and risk of later-life maternal cardiovascular disease.
endothelial dysfunction, inflammation, and insulin resistance: a focus on subjects at risk for type 2 diabetes.
os027. ethnicity and adverse pregnancy outcomes: a cohort study.
does gestational diabetes increase the risk of maternal kidney disease? a swedish national cohort study.
pp103. arterial stiffness in women with previous gdm - a follow up of chinese hapo study cohort.
pregnancy characteristics and women’s cardiovascular health.
maternal hyperglycemia and fetal cardiac development: clinical impact and underlying mechanisms.
smarthealth pregnancy: feasibility and acceptability of a complex intervention for high-risk pregnant women in rural india: protocol for a pilot cluster randomised controlled trial.
fibrinolytic dysfunction in insulin-resistant women with previous gestational diabetes.
ten-year review of the postpartum maternal health clinic at the kingston health sciences centre.
pregnancy and the postpartum period as an opportunity for cardiovascular risk identification and management.
longitudinal management of cardiovascular risk factors among postpartum women.
pregnancy and reproductive risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women.
cohort profile update: the norwegian stork groruddalen (stork g) pregnancy and birth cohort-the role of ethnicity and causal pathways for obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and other health issues.
the impact of a lifestyle intervention on postpartum cardiometabolic risk factors among hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance during pregnancy: secondary analysis of a randomized trial.
could the e/a ratio be included in the cardiological evaluation of the offspring of diabetic mothers? a case-control study in south sardinia.
interventions to mitigate risk of cardiovascular disease after adverse pregnancy outcomes: a review.
disparities in cardiovascular care and outcomes for women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds.
will feeding mothers prevent the asian metabolic syndrome epidemic?.
systematic review and meta-analysis of prenatal risk factors for congenital heart disease: maternal chronic diseases and parental exposures.
the maternal health clinic: an initiative for cardiovascular risk identification in women with pregnancy-related complications.
reproductive history and blood cell dna methylation later in life: the young finns study.
metformin for diabetes prevention: insights gained from the diabetes prevention program/diabetes prevention program outcomes study.
impact of prenatal exposure to maternal diabetes and high-fat diet on postnatal myocardial ketone body metabolism in rats.
os031. lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancy successfully improves cardiovascular and metabolic health: results of the pro-active study.
maternal diabetes as a teratogenic factor for congenital heart defects in infants of diabetic mothers.
association of pregnancy complications/risk factors with the development of future long-term health conditions in women: overarching protocol for umbrella reviews.
cardiometabolic outcomes of women exposed to hyperglycaemia first detected in pregnancy at 3-6 years post-partum in an urban south african setting.
ambient air pollution and adverse birth outcomes: differences by maternal comorbidities.
association between neonatal hyperbilirubinemia and hypoglycemia in chinese women with diabetes in pregnancy and influence factors.
maternal diabetes up-regulates nox2 and enhances myocardial ischaemia/reperfusion injury in adult offspring.
consequences of being overweight or obese during pregnancy on diabetes in the offspring: a record linkage study in aberdeen, scotland.
.
there are 10 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
they are:.
in the end, 10 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 0.
false positive rate: 0.5464982778415615.
false negative rate: 0.0.

Included target articles are as follow:
characteristics of premature myocardial infarction among women with prior adverse pregnancy outcomes.
early cardiovascular events in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
role of type 2 diabetes in determining retinal, renal, and cardiovascular outcomes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes and incident heart failure: a cohort study.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risk of ischemic heart disease in mothers: national cohort and co-sibling study.
gestational diabetes mellitus in mothers and long term cardiovascular disease in both parents: results of over a decade follow-up of the iranian population.
earlier age of onset of chronic hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus after a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy or gestational diabetes mellitus.
association of history of gestational diabetes with long-term cardiovascular disease risk in a large prospective cohort of us women.
gestational diabetes mellitus and later cardiovascular disease: a swedish population based case-control study.
association of gestational diabetes with long-term risk of premature mortality, and cardiovascular outcomes and risk factors: a retrospective cohort analysis in the uk biobank.
pregnancy complications and risk of cardiovascular disease later in life: a nationwide cohort study.
increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: a population-based cohort study.
increased risk of cardiovascular and renal disease, and diabetes for all women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus in new zealand-a national retrospective cohort study.
history of gestational diabetes mellitus in relation to cardiovascular disease and cardiovascular risk factors in us women.
pregnancy-induced hypertension and diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes hospitalization in the year following delivery.
gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of cardiovascular disease in women with a family history of type 2 diabetes.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the risks of overall and type-specific cardiovascular diseases: a population- and sibling-matched cohort study.
gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors and disease in u.s. hispanics/latinas in the hispanic community health study/study of latinos (hchs/sol).
impact of gestational diabetes mellitus and high maternal weight on the development of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease: a population-level analysis.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the role of intercurrent type 2 diabetes on long-term risk of cardiovascular events.
association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomography angiography.
previous pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of cardiovascular disease: a nested case-control study in sweden.
relationship between pregnancy complications and subsequent coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomographic angiography in black women.
five-year risk of all-cause death and cardiovascular events in women with gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
