total number of articles searched: 526.
objectives: ['to summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (cvds) impacts in mothers post-delivery.', 'to summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (cvds) impacts in offspring post-delivery.', 'to evaluate the presence of gdm during pregnancy and its association with the development of cardiovascular diseases post-delivery.'].
cxc chemokine ligand 16 is increased in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia and associated with lipoproteins in gestational diabetes mellitus at 5years follow-up.
association of gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) with subclinical atherosclerosis: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus.
the correlation of fetal cardiac function with gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and oxidative stress levels.
a systematic review of metabolite profiling in gestational diabetes mellitus.
the relationship between coronary flow reserve and the tyg index in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.
pregravid cardiometabolic risk profile and risk for gestational diabetes mellitus.
outcomes of vacuum-assisted vaginal deliveries of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus.
a brief history of gestational diabetes mellitus, risk factors and current criteria of diagnosis.
adipokines and metabolic syndrome risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus <i>in utero</i>: systematic review and meta-analysis.
the relationship between epicardial fat thickness and gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease up to 25 years after pregnancy: a retrospective cohort study.
inflammation and impaired endothelium-dependant vasodilatation in non obese women with gestational diabetes mellitus: preliminary results.
early postpartum dyslipidemia and its potential predictors during pregnancy in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
vcam-1, icam-1 and selectins in gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk for vascular disorders: metabolic memory perspective.
retinal vasculature and 5-year metabolic syndrome among women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
platelets and endothelial dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus.
plasma concentration of trimethylamine-<i>n</i>-oxide and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
the risk of metabolic syndrome after gestational diabetes mellitus - a hospital-based cohort study.
increased intima-media thickness of carotid arteries and cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
association between maternal serum high mobility group box 1 levels and pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus.
associations of remnant cholesterol in early pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus risk: a prospective birth cohort study.
gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with increased c-reactive protein concentrations in the third but not second trimester.
association between atherogenic index of plasma and gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study based on the korean population.
postpartum development of endothelial dysfunction and oxidative stress markers in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in the first trimester and subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus.
risk of developing metabolic syndrome after gestational diabetes mellitus-a systematic review and meta-analysis.
association of osteoprotegerin gene t950c polymorphism with cardiometabolic risk factors in gestational diabetes mellitus in south indian tamilian women.
postpartum lifestyle behaviour among women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus: evidence from the hunt study.
activity and distribution of plasma platelet-activating factor acetylhydrolase in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and their neonates.
stressful events, smoking exposure and other maternal risk factors associated with gestational diabetes mellitus.
the usefulness of plasma asymmetric dimethylarginine (adma) levels and tissue doppler echocardiography for heart function in term infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus.
a comprehensive review of gestational diabetes mellitus: impacts on maternal health, fetal development, childhood outcomes, and long- term treatment strategies.
the risk for glucose intolerance after gestational diabetes mellitus since the introduction of the iadpsg criteria: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
gestational diabetes mellitus and cardio-metabolic risk factors in women and children at 3 years postpartum.
optimising cardiometabolic risk factors in pregnancy: a review of risk prediction models targeting gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders.
maternal hemodynamics at 11-13 weeks' gestation in gestational diabetes mellitus.
maternal intake of fried foods and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
insulin resistance: the possible link between gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
long-term maternal metabolic and cardiovascular phenotypes after a pregnancy complicated by mild gestational diabetes mellitus or obesity.
epicardial adipose tissue thickness as a potential predictor of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study.
vascular phenotype at 35-37 weeks' gestation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
evaluation of fetal myocardial performance index in gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes and the neonate: challenges and solutions.
maternal gestational diabetes and childhood hyperlipidemia.
serum retinol-binding protein 4 levels and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a nested case-control study in chinese women and an updated meta-analysis.
levels of thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor in gestational diabetes mellitus.
efficacy of myoinositol in treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus in asian indian women: a pilot randomized clinical trial.
ultrasonographic visceral fat thickness in the first trimester can predict metabolic syndrome and gestational diabetes mellitus.
serum levels of adipocyte fatty acid binding protein are increased in gestational diabetes mellitus.
carotid intimal-medial thickness is not increased in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
mechanisms of endothelial dysfunction in pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus: windows into future cardiometabolic health?.
differences in low-grade chronic inflammation and insulin resistance in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
advice that includes food sources of unsaturated fat supports future risk management of gestational diabetes mellitus.
long term (&gt.
thrombin/par-1 activation induces endothelial damages via nlrp1 inflammasome in gestational diabetes.
insulin resistance syndrome in women with prior history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
the association of adverse pregnancy events and cardiovascular disease in women 50 years of age and older.
placental maternal vascular malperfusion and adverse pregnancy outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus.
assessment of cardiac functions in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers.
is fibroblast growth factor 23 a new cardiovascular risk marker in gestational diabetes?.
metabolic signatures in the conversion from gestational diabetes mellitus to postpartum abnormal glucose metabolism: a pilot study in asian women.
prepregnancy adherence to dietary patterns and lower risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
obesity and cardiovascular disease in women.
increased risk of hypertension after gestational diabetes mellitus findings from a large prospective cohort study.
plasma adiponectin, insulin sensitivity, and subclinical inflammation in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.
trimethylamine n-oxide and its precursors are associated with gestational diabetes mellitus and pre-eclampsia in the boston birth cohort.
biochemical view on: precocious markers of cardiovascular risk and vascular damage in apparently healthy women with previous gestational diabetes.
prediction of postpartum prediabetes by machine learning methods in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors and disease in us hispanics/latinas in the hispanic community health study/study of latinos (hchs/sol).
associations of elevated glucose levels at each time point during ogtt with fetal congenital heart diseases: a cohort study of 72,236 births.
impact of breastfeeding on maternal metabolism: implications for women with gestational diabetes.
prevalence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes before initiating treatment.
a history of previous gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with adverse changes in insulin secretion and vldl metabolism independently of increased intrahepatocellular lipid.
effect of maternal lifestyle intervention on metabolic health and adiposity of offspring: findings from the finnish gestational diabetes prevention study (radiel).
disorders in glucidic metabolism and congenital heart diseases: detection and prevention.
gestational diabetes importance of follow-up screening for the benefit of long-term health.
greater nutritional risk scores in 2-year-old children exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero and their relationship to homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance at age 5 years.
lactonase activity and status of paraoxonase 1 and oxidative stress in neonates of women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
cardiovascular disease-related morbidity and mortality in women with a history of pregnancy complications systematic review and meta-analysis.
long-term risk of type 2 diabetes in relation to habitual iron intake in women with a history of gestational diabetes: a prospective cohort study.
a comparative study of eating habits and food intake in women with gestational diabetes according to early postpartum glucose tolerance status.
metabolomic profiles of nonobese and obese women with gestational diabetes.
prenatal exercise for the prevention of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
improving cardiometabolic and mental health in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring: study protocol for <i>mysweetheart trial</i>, a randomised controlled trial.
low physical activity levels 1 year after pregnancy complications.
divergent trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors in the years before pregnancy in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus: a population-based study.
the diabetes-cardiovascular connection in women: understanding the known risks, outcomes, and implications for care.
2d-dige to identify proteins associated with gestational diabetes in omental adipose tissue.
associations of pregnancy complications with calculated cardiovascular disease risk and cardiovascular risk factors in middle age the avon longitudinal study of parents and children.
disparities in cardiometabolic risk profiles and gestational diabetes mellitus by nativity and acculturation: findings from 2016-2017 national health interview survey.
predictive and diagnostic biomarkers for gestational diabetes and its associated metabolic and cardiovascular diseases.
circulating apelin levels are associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes.
sex differences in cardiovascular disease and unique pregnancy-associated risk factors in women.
each degree of glucose intolerance in pregnancy predicts distinct trajectories of β-cell function, insulin sensitivity, and glycemia in the first 3 years postpartum.
association between hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and the risk of postpartum hypertension: a cohort study in women with gestational diabetes.
biological and sociocultural determinants of increased blood pressure among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus in rural china: a retrospective cohort study.
high risk of metabolic syndrome after delivery in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes.
placental galectin-2 expression in gestational diabetes: a systematic, histological analysis.
maternal diabetes during pregnancy and early onset of cardiovascular disease in offspring: population based cohort study with 40 years of follow up.
prevalence of metabolic markers of insulin resistance in offspring of gestational diabetes pregnancies.
mothers after gestational diabetes in australia diabetes prevention program (magda-dpp) post-natal intervention: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
a prospective study of maternal serum c-reactive protein (crp) concentrations and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
precocious markers of cardiovascular risk and vascular damage in apparently healthy women with previous gestational diabetes.
previous gestational diabetes is independently associated with increased carotid intima-media thickness, similarly to metabolic syndrome - a case control study.
anti-inflammatory role of carotenoids in endothelial cells derived from umbilical cord of women affected by gestational diabetes mellitus.
the association between ultra-processed food and common pregnancy adverse outcomes: a dose-response systematic review and meta-analysis.
fibrinolytic dysfunction after gestation is associated to components of insulin resistance and early type 2 diabetes in latino women with previous gestational diabetes.
a holistic lifestyle mobile health intervention for the prevention of type 2 diabetes and common mental disorders in asian women with a history of gestational diabetes: a randomised control trial with 3-year follow-up protocol.
pregnancy-associated cardiac dysfunction and the regulatory role of micrornas.
the small dense ldl particle/large buoyant ldl particle ratio is associated with glucose metabolic status in pregnancy.
is there a relationship between adverse pregnancy outcomes and future development of atherosclerosis?.
lifestyle interventions in pregnancy targeting gdm prevention: looking ahead to precision medicine.
reduced fetal telomere length in gestational diabetes.
back to the future: examining type 2 diabetic vasculature using the gestational diabetic placenta.
maternal obesity, diabetes during pregnancy and epigenetic mechanisms that influence the developmental origins of cardiometabolic disease in the offspring.
the risk of metabolic syndrome in women with previous gdm in a long-term follow-up.
the long-term effects of stillbirth on women with and without gestational diabetes: a population-based cohort study.
future risk of metabolic syndrome in women with a previous lga delivery stratified by gestational glucose tolerance: a prospective cohort study.
screening glucose challenge test in pregnancy can identify women with an adverse postpartum cardiovascular risk factor profile: implications for cardiovascular risk reduction.
adverse childhood experiences and lifetime adverse maternal outcomes (gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy) in the hispanic community health study/study of latinos.
is glyburide safe in pregnancy?.
follow-up and screening for type-2 diabetes mellitus in women with previous gestational diabetes in primary care.
pregnancy complications and premature cardiovascular events among 1.6 million california pregnancies.
gestational diabetes: a condition of early diastolic abnormalities in young women.
a young woman with dyspnea.
abnormal glucose tolerance in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes (who 2013) 10 years after index pregnancy.
pregnancy and obesity.
c-reactive protein during pregnancy and in the early postpartum predicts adverse metabolic health outcomes at 1 year postpartum in women with gestational diabetes.
a canary in the coal mine: reproductive health and cardiovascular disease in women.
hepatic rather than cardiac steatosis relates to glucose intolerance in women with prior gestational diabetes.
history of gestational diabetes, insulin resistance and coronary risk.
impaired indothelium-dependent vasodilatation in women with previous gestational diabetes.
serum osteoprotegerin is associated with carotid intima media thickness in women with previous gestational diabetes.
there are 9 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
in the end, 9 target papers were left after filtering!.
false positive rate: 0.6901140684410646.

Included target articles are as follow:
characteristics of premature myocardial infarction among women with prior adverse pregnancy outcomes.
early cardiovascular events in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
role of type 2 diabetes in determining retinal, renal, and cardiovascular outcomes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes and incident heart failure: a cohort study.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risk of ischemic heart disease in mothers: national cohort and co-sibling study.
gestational diabetes mellitus in mothers and long term cardiovascular disease in both parents: results of over a decade follow-up of the iranian population.
earlier age of onset of chronic hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus after a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy or gestational diabetes mellitus.
association of history of gestational diabetes with long-term cardiovascular disease risk in a large prospective cohort of us women.
gestational diabetes mellitus and later cardiovascular disease: a swedish population based case-control study.
association of gestational diabetes with long-term risk of premature mortality, and cardiovascular outcomes and risk factors: a retrospective cohort analysis in the uk biobank.
an association between gestational diabetes mellitus and long-term maternal cardiovascular morbidity.
pregnancy complications and risk of cardiovascular disease later in life: a nationwide cohort study.
increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: a population-based cohort study.
increased risk of cardiovascular and renal disease, and diabetes for all women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus in new zealand-a national retrospective cohort study.
history of gestational diabetes mellitus in relation to cardiovascular disease and cardiovascular risk factors in us women.
pregnancy-induced hypertension and diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes hospitalization in the year following delivery.
gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of cardiovascular disease in women with a family history of type 2 diabetes.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the risks of overall and type-specific cardiovascular diseases: a population- and sibling-matched cohort study.
gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease up to 25 years after pregnancy: a retrospective cohort study.
gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors and disease in u.s. hispanics/latinas in the hispanic community health study/study of latinos (hchs/sol).
impact of gestational diabetes mellitus and high maternal weight on the development of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease: a population-level analysis.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the role of intercurrent type 2 diabetes on long-term risk of cardiovascular events.
association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomography angiography.
previous pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of cardiovascular disease: a nested case-control study in sweden.
relationship between pregnancy complications and subsequent coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomographic angiography in black women.
five-year risk of all-cause death and cardiovascular events in women with gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
