total number of articles searched: 992.
objectives: ['summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (cvds) impacts in mothers post-delivery.', 'summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) and intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (cvds) impacts in offspring post-delivery.', 'assess the risk ratio (rr) of gdm in relation to overall cardiovascular diseases (cvds) and subtypes of cvds in both mothers and offspring post-delivery.'].
serial diurnal salivary cortisol profiles in 667 pregnant women - association with cardiometabolic complications.
characteristics, physiopathology and management of dyslipidemias in pregnancy: a narrative review.
recurrent hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and subsequent maternal cardiovascular outcomes.
women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus present an accumulation of cardiovascular risk factors at age 46—a birth cohort study.
echocardiographic evaluation of infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional analytical study.
elevated serum small dense low density lipoprotein cholesterol and lipoprotein(a) levels in preeclampsia.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and predicted 30-year risk of maternal cardiovascular disease 2-7 years after delivery.
maternal poor glycemic control increases risk of neonatal left ventricular hypertrophy.
transient exposure to the diabetic milieu in gestational diabetes imposes a persistent phenotypic switch in human umbilical artery smooth muscle cells.
the association of red and processed meat with gestational diabetes mellitus: results from 2 canadian birth cohort studies.
thirty-day cardiovascular complications after delivery in individuals with gestational diabetes mellitus.
increased risk of cardiovascular and renal disease, and diabetes for all women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus in new zealand—a national retrospective cohort study.
maternal obesity modulates cord blood concentrations of proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin-type 9 levels.
gestational diabetes: the future of mother and their children.
association between life's essential 8 and incident cardiovascular disease in women with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
gestational diabetes mellitus, circulating metabolites, and risk of future cardiovascular disease in us women.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and risk of type 2 diabetes in postmenopausal women.
pregnancy-associated risk factors for future cardiovascular disease–early prevention strategies warranted.
update on sex specific risk factors in cardiovascular disease.
possibilities of cardiometabolic diseases prevention in women with pregnancy adverse outcomes in medical history.
maternal diabetes and risk of offspring congenital heart diseases: the japan environment and children’s study.
344 adverse pregnancy outcomes and predicted 30-year risk of maternal cardiovascular disease 2-7 years after delivery.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and renal-vascular function in the early years after delivery.
vitamin d supplementation for cardiometabolic risk markers in pregnant women based on the gestational diabetes mellitus or obesity status : a randomized clinical trial.
impact of adverse pregnancy outcomes on brain vascular health and cognition.
fetal growth restriction in gestational diabetes mellitus: from pathogenesis to management tactics.
study on maternal obesity and its outcomes on pregnancy.
evaluating the role of anthropometric indicators in predicting gestational diabetes mellitus: a hospital based study.
a study of neonatal outcome in infants of diabetic mothers admitted in nicu of tertiary care hospital.
genetic contributions to risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
impaired angiogenic function of fetal endothelial progenitor cells via pcdh10 in gestational diabetes mellitus.
pregnancy complications are associated with premature coronary artery disease: linking three cohorts.
meta analysis of risk factors of fetal congenital heart disease in maternal obesity and diabetes.
cohort profile update: the norwegian stork groruddalen (stork g) pregnancy and birth cohort—the role of ethnicity and causal pathways for obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and other health issues.
randomised controlled trial of preconception lifestyle intervention on maternal and offspring health in people with increased risk of gestational diabetes: study protocol for the before the beginning trial.
maternal and fetal health outcomes in systemic lupus erythematosus pregnancies in the emirati population: a comparative study.
reproductive risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women.
previous pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of cardiovascular disease: a nested case–control study in sweden.
(over‑)nutrition and its impact on placenta function: changes in maternal–fetal exchange in obesity and gestational diabetes.
lower nt-probnp and higher cardiovascular risk factors in south asian vs nordic women 1-3 years after gestational diabetes.
histone epigenetic signature and gestational diabetes: role of the acetyltransferase p300 in the transmission of the maternal phenotype to the offspring.
trends in cardiovascular health counseling among postpartum individuals.
women's heart clinics to prevent cardiovascular disease in women with pregnancy-related risk factors: a prospective study.
sociodemographic and clinical characteristics associated with improved awareness of cardiovascular disease risk in women with past pregnancy complications.
maternal myocardial alterations during pregnancy and their recovery twelve months' post-partum in women with pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes or preeclampsia- a single centre, longitudinal cohort study.
pregnancy complications and later life women's health.
adverse pregnancy outcomes, cardiovascular disease risk and lifestyle behaviours in premenopausal females.
the association between placenta-mediated diseases of pregnancy and postpartum maternal cardiovascular disease risk factors: a systematic review.
impact of maternal gestational diabetes on fetal perinatal cardiac adaptation and cardiovascular health outcomes in offspring.
maternal pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes and the risk of bicuspid aortic valve in the offspring.
evaluation of the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac functions with myocardial performance index.
improving postpartum and long-term health after an adverse pregnancy outcome: examining interventions from a health equity perspective.
idf2022-1173 various combinations of gestational diabetes and gestation hypertension in two pregnancies and associations with cvd.
the impact of maternal preeclampsia and hyperglycemia on the cardiovascular health of the offspring: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
early life determinants of vascular structure in fetuses, infants, children, and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
pregnancy as an opportunity to prevent type 2 diabetes mellitus: figo best practice advice.
effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on the growth, development, and stem cells of offspring.
a rare case of acute myocardial infarction in pregnancy: successful treatment strategies.
epigenetic mechanisms of intrauterine fetal senescence: little-known effects of hyperhomocysteinemia during pregnancy.
increased cardiovascular risk after gestational diabetes.
association between cardiac arrhythmia before pregnancy and gestational diabetes: a nationwide population-based study in korea.
interconception care for the women who suffered from hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
maternal hyperglycemia induces autonomic dysfunction and heart failure in older adult offspring.
maternal weight gain during pregnancy and the developing autonomic nervous system—possible impact of gdm.
the association between acculturation and diet and physical activity among pregnant hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance.
investigating opportunities to prevent type 2 diabetes mellitus after gestational diabetes mellitus: the divine-nsw study.
lasting hematopoietic memory induced by gestational diabetes contributes to atherosclerosis development in adult offspring.
prediction of complication rate in infants of diabetic mothers using cord blood haematocrit.
mother-child cardiometabolic health 4–10 years after pregnancy complicated by obesity with and without gestational diabetes.
pregnancy-related cardiovascular conditions and outcomes in a united states medicaid population.
exploring the long-term outcomes following a pregancy affected by gestational diabetes: elope-gdm project.
comprehensive assessment of biventricular myocardial function by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography in infants of gestational diabetic mothers.
preeclampsia and fetal congenital heart defects.
how do the different types of maternal diabetes during pregnancy influence offspring outcomes?.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and postpartum care as a pathway to future health.
role of histone methyltransferase mll1-driven h3k4me3 in the transmission of oxidative and inflammatory phenothypes to the offspring of women with gestational diabetes.
maternal hemodynamic changes in gestational diabetes: a prospective case–control study.
association between maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and high-sensitivity c-reactive protein levels in 8-year-old children: the yamanashi adjunct study of the japan environment and children’s study (jecs).
the impact of gestational diabetes in pregnancy on the cardio-vascular system of children at one year of age.
tissue doppler echocardiographic evaluation of cardiac functions in infants of diabetic mothers.
racial disparities in prevalence of gestational diabetes by maternal nativity and length of us residence in an urban low-income population in the united states.
the intersection of maternal metabolic syndrome, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and future metabolic health for the mother and offspring.
bridging the gap: a pilot program to improve postpartum care for birthing individuals with cardiometabolic complications of pregnancy.
the association between maternal gestational weight gain and autonomic nervous system is disturbed in gdm: results from two-year-old children.
significance of serum-plasma leptin profile during pregnancy in gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
idf21-0485 hyperglycaemia in pregnancy is associated with cardiovascular and renal risk among aboriginal women in australia.
gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease.
pregnancy complications lead to subclinical maternal heart dysfunction-the importance and benefits of follow-up using speckle tracking echocardiography.
inflammation markers in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes.
“maternal diabetes mellitus and its impact on the risk of delivering a child with congenital heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis”.
biochemical profiling study in umbilical cord blood in mothers with metabolic disorders.
social nervous exercise intervention and its association with fasting blood glucose on diabetes mellitus gestational.
long-term cardiovascular outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective population-based uk biobank study.
gestational diabetes mellitus: diagnostic approaches and maternal-offspring complications.
early assessment of cardiac function by echocardiography in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.
can gestational diabetes mellitus be prevented by life style interventions?.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and incident heart failure in the women's health initiative.
preeclampsia predicts risk of hospitalization for heart failure with preserved ejection fraction.
impaired vagal adaptation to an exercise task in women with gestational diabetes mellitus versus women with uncomplicated pregnancies.
neonatal myocardial infarction in association with gestational diabetes.
developmental effects of (pre-)gestational diabetes on offspring: systematic screening using omics approaches.
cardiovascular and obstetric delivery complications in pregnant women with valvular heart disease.
fetal cardiac doppler changes in gestational diabetic pregnancies and its relationship with perinatal outcomes.
the impact of a lifestyle intervention on pregnancy and postpartum cardiovascular and insulin resistance biomarkers among at-risk latinas.
epigenetic regulation of oxidative and inflammatory phenotypes in women with gestational diabetes and offspring.
cardiac function in fetal and infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes.
preeclampsia across pregnancies and associated risk factors: findings from a high-risk us birth cohort.
the effect of obesity on pregnancy complication risks in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
hyperglycaemic memory: role of epigenetic signature in the transmission of gestational diabetes-associated inflammatory and pro-oxidant phenotype.
cardiac changes in infants of diabetic mothers.
berberine elevates cardiolipin in heart of offspring from mouse dams with high fat diet-induced gestational diabetes mellitus.
characteristics of myocardial infarction and early presentation after pregnancy among women with prior adverse pregnancy outcomes.
pregnancy-related complications and incidence of atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
breastfeeding is associated with lower prevalence of metabolic syndrome in women with recent gestational diabetes in the early postpartum period.
gestational diabetes history and glucose tolerance after pregnancy associated with coronary artery calcium in women during midlife the cardia study.
mitochondrial transfer improves cardiomyocyte bioenergetics and viability in male rats exposed to pregestational diabetes.
long-term risk for maternal cardiovascular morbidities in twin pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus–a retrospective cohort study†.
association analysis in young and middle-aged mothers—relation between expression of cardiovascular disease associated micrornas and abnormal clinical findings.
early pregnancy atherogenic profile in a first pregnancy and hypertension risk 2 to 7 years after delivery.
obesity in pregnancy: a new chapter in obstetrics.
feasibility of an mhealth postpartum lifestyle intervention for women with cardiometabolic risk pre-and mid-covid: the fit after baby pilot randomized controlled trial.
pregnancy-related cardiovascular disease risk and follow-up in the year after delivery at an urban safety net hospital.
cyd symptoms and novel risk factors for cyd in women.
gestational diabetes mellitus—innovative approach to prediction, diagnosis, management, and prevention of future ncd—mother and offspring.
assessment of cardiac diastolic function in infants of diabetic mothers using tissue doppler echocardiography.
sex differences in young adults who experience myocardial infarction.
nutrition and metabolic adaptations in physiological and complicated pregnancy: focus on obesity and gestational diabetes.
association analysis in children born from normal and complicated pregnancies—cardiovascular disease associated micrornas and the incidence of prehypertension/hypertension, overweight/obesity, valve problems and heart defects.
effects of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (dash) on pregnancy/neonatal outcomes and maternal glycemic control: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
fetal echocardiography at term in diabetic pregnancies helps predict the adverse neonatal outcome - results of a prospective observational study from south india.
paired maternal and fetal cardiac functional measurements in women with gestational diabetes mellitus at 35–36 weeks’ gestation.
gestational diabetes type 2: variation in high-density lipoproteins composition and function.
changes in cardiometabolic risk factors following complications of pregnancy among hispanic/latina women of the hispanic community health study/study of latinos, 2008-2017.
impact of diabetes exposure on endothelial markers and their association with circulating mirna.
plasma lipidomic signatures for risk prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm).
greater breastfeeding length and intensity after gestational diabetes is associated with improved glucose tolerance test in a subsequent pregnancy: the bliing study.
maternal cardiovascular risk after hypertensive pregnancy: nsw health population data.
non-coding rna: role in gestational diabetes pathophysiology and complications.
substantially altered expression profile of diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular disease associated micrornas in children descending from pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus—one of several possible reasons for an increased cardiovascular risk.
maternal fats and pregnancy complications: implications for long-term health.
postpartum breastfeeding and cardiovascular risk assessment in women following pregnancy complications.
association of hemoglobin a1c with early postpartum metabolic syndrome in women with gestational diabetes.
massive cardiomegaly in a newborn secondary to unsuspected maternal diabetes mimicking congenital heart disease: a diagnosis made at autopsy.
transgenerational effects of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes on offspring body composition and left ventricle mass: the finnish gestational diabetes prevention study (radiel) 6-year follow-up.
association of maternal diabetes mellitus and polymorphisms of the nkx2.5 gene in children with congenital heart disease: a single centre-based case-control study.
672 no suggestion of cardiac hypertrophy or dysfunction in infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes.
evaluating the association between neonatal mortality and maternal high blood pressure, heart disease and gestational diabetes: a case control study.
offspring of women with gestational diabetes: a 5 year follow-up.
gestational diabetes(gdm) as great obstetrical syndrome(gos).
hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and cardiometabolic outcomes in childhood: a systematic review.
early-life predictors of systolic blood pressure trajectories from infancy to adolescence: findings from project viva.
the obstetrician's role in preventing cardiometabolic disease.
pregnancy-related events associated with subclinical cardiovascular disease burden in late midlife: swan.
evaluation of cardiac function in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes.
gestational diabetes in mothers and long term cardiovascular disease in both parents: results of over a decade follow-up.
mechanisms of accelerated ageing in gestational diabetic vasculature.
antithrombin and d-dimer in predicting pregnancy complications in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy.
changes in stemness properties, differentiation potential, oxidative stress, senescence and mitochondrial function in wharton’s jelly stem cells of umbilical cords of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus.
long-term cardiovascular hospitalizations of small for gestational age (sga) offspring born to women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm)‡.
diabetes & women's health (dwh) study: an observational study of long-term health consequences of gestational diabetes, their determinants and underlying mechanisms in the usa and denmark.
cardiac mitochondrial function in the offspring of sedentary and exercised mothers with gestational diabetes.
maternal obesity and gestational diabetes associations with offspring body composition and left ventricular diastolic function in early childhood-radiel study follow-up.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease in the mother: the women's health initiative (whi).
a case of gestational starvation ketoacidosis in a diabetic mother mimicking the presentation of acute coronary syndrome.
nutrigenetics, epigenetics and gestational diabetes: consequences in mother and child.
gestational diabetes is associated with fetal endothelial progenitor cells impairment.
cardiovascular disease-related morbidity and mortality in women with a history of pregnancy complications: systematic review and meta-analysis.
metabolic follow-up at one year and beyond of women with gestational diabetes treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents: study protocol for the identification of a core outcomes set using a delphi survey.
390: high density lipoprotein: composition and function in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.
b lymphocytes are predictors of insulin resistance in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes mellitus and obstetric complications.
blunted cardiac ampk response is associated with susceptibility to ischemia/ reperfusion in male offspring of gestational diabetic rats.
diabetes in pregnancy: long-term complications of offsprings.
maternal long-term outcomes after a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus.
development and validation of a risk prediction model for cardiovascular disease in women of reproductive age.
follow up at one year and beyond of women with gestational diabetes treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents: a core outcome set (cos) using a delphi survey.
risk factors in the first 1000 days of life and carotid intima-media thickness in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
updates in long-term maternal and fetal adverse effects of gestational diabetes mellitus.
three years of management of gestational diabetes in a portuguese hospital centre.
study of maternal serum lipid profile in first and third trimester of pregnancy in tertiary care hospital.
effect of gestational diabetes and insulin resistance on offspring’s myocardial relaxation kinetics at three years of age.
son of diabetic mother: cardiac alterations from the fetus to the newborn.
gestational diabetes and maternal obesity are associated with epigenome-wide methylation changes in children.
the coffee clinic. a clinical and academic program to reduce cardiovascular risk after complications of pregnancy.
transgenerational effects of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes on the child's body composition and left ventricle mass - 6-year-follow-up in the radiel study.
transgenerational implications of gestational diabetes and maternal adiposity for offspring body composition and diastolic function: 6 years follow-up.
haemodynamic changes amongst women who were screened for gestational diabetes in comparison to healthy controls.
is angptl4marker the epigenetical programpredisposition to cad in offspring?.
transgenerational effects of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes on child body composition and left ventricle mass-radiel study 6 years follow-up.
ten year predicted cardiovascular disease risk in young women with adverse pregnancy outcomes.
the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on the plasma proteome of children at 5-10 years of age.
is there an association between gestational diabetes mellitus in twin pregnancies and long-term maternal cardiovascular morbidity?.
echocardiographic findings in newborns of gestational diabetic mothers and its relationship with somatomedin c.
post-partum glucose testing: missed opportunities for assessing and preventing diabetes mellitus in women with glucose intolerance in pregnancy.
metabolic syndrome in pregnancy and risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes: a prospective cohort of nulliparous women.
gestational diabetes alters the fetal heart rate variability during an oral glucose tolerance test: a fetal magnetocardiography study.
adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with reduced coronary flow reserve in women with signs and symptoms of ischemia without obstructive coronary disease.
drug repurposing in gestational diabetes-a bioinformatics approach.
relationship between vitamin d and gestational diabetes in overweight or obese pregnant women may be mediated by adiponectin.
modifiable risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus.
the effect of maternal gestational diabetes and hba1c on hypertrophic cardiomyopathy of infants.
long-term effects of pregnancy complications on maternal health: a review.
risk factors for congenital heart disease in chinese neonates: a meta analysis.
assessment of cardiac function in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers during in the second trimester.
myocardial performance index in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: the relationship between blood pressures and angiogenic factors.
subclinical decrease in myocardial function in asymptomatic infants of diabetic mothers: a tissue doppler study.
tissues derived from reprogrammed wharton’s jelly stem cells of the umbilical cord provide an ideal platform to study the effects of glucose, zika virus, and other agents on the fetus.
dysregulation of 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenases: implications during pregnancy and beyond.
long-term risk of metabolic disorders in gestational diabetes mellitus mothers and offspring.
gestational diabetes programs mitochondrial dysfunction and impairs cardiac function in the offspring.
relationship between insulin resistance during pregnancy and diastolic dysfunction in early childhood.
impact of pregnancy complications on presentation, severity, and outcomes in acute coronary syndrome.
placental atherosclerosis and markers of endothelial dysfunction in infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes.
prepregnancy diabetes and offspring risk of congenital heart disease: a nationwide cohort study.
incretins, pregnancy, and gestational diabetes.
the influence of phospholipids derived fatty acids to circulating non-esterified fatty acids.
peptidome profiling of umbilical cord plasma associated with gestational diabetes-induced fetal macrosomia.
development of a risk score for predicting hypertension in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
the impact of gestational diabetes in pregnant hypertensive women.
gestational diabetes mellitus as an independant risk factor for long-term pediatric cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring.
down-regulation of placental glucose transporter (glut)-1 in pre-eclampsia.
maternal midpregnancy glucose levels and risk of congenital heart disease in offspring.
diabetes during pregnancy and the risk of peripartum cardiomyopathy: a population-level analysis of 213 058 women.
pregnancy complications as markers for subsequent maternal cardiovascular disease: validation of a maternal recall questionnaire.
the role of hepassocin in gestational diabetes mellitus.
adverse pregnancy conditions, infertility, and future cardiovascular risk: implications for mother and child.
keap1-nrf2 regulated redox signaling in utero: priming of disease susceptibility in offspring.
society for maternal and fetal medicine workshop on pregnancy as a window to future health: clinical utility of classifying women with metabolic syndrome.
cardiovascular disease risk factors in maternal diabetes are associated with placental vasculopathy.
change in cardiometabolic risk factors with postpartum changes in weight and waist circumference in women with recent gestational diabetes.
delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant and risk of maternal cardiovascular disease - a population-based record linkage study.
the mother - the long-term implications on metabolic and cardiovascular complications.
links between maternal health and ncds.
fetal and maternal effects of vitamin d.
metformin improved lipid profiles in women with gestational diabetes in the first six weeks postpartum.
gestational diabetes alters the phenotype and redox signaling in human umbilical artery smooth muscle cells.
the diabetic pregnancy and offspring adiposity in childhood: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
evaluation of left ventricular myocardial functions using strain, and strain rate echo in pregnant patients with gestational diabetes.
epicardial fat, and intima-media thickness in patients with gestational diabetes.
gestational diabetes alters the expression of extracellular matrix proteins in the human placenta.
identifying postpartum intervention approaches to reduce incidence of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in american indian women with previous gestational diabetes.
impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac morphology and performance.
a novel assessment of fetal wellbeing in gestational diabetic pregnancies: the fetal myocardial performance index.
cardiac malformations in neonates born from mothers with gestational diabetes.
outcomes associated with maternal tobacco use in the setting of gestational diabetes.
elevated neonatal leptin is associated with fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy but not cardiac dysfunction.
gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk after pregnancy.
pregnancy characteristics and women's future cardiovascular health: an underused opportunity to improve women's health?.
evaluation of surface ecg changes in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
cardiac function in offspring of women with diabetes using fetal ecg, umbilical cord blood pro-bnp, and neonatal interventricular septal thickness.
understanding perinatal stroke: a study of risk factors.
frequency of fetal and neonatal complications in children of diabetic mothers assisted at a tertiary university center.
an association between gestational diabetes mellitus and long-term maternal cardiovascular morbidity.
[hypertensive pregnancy in diabetes--risk factors and influence on future life].
epigenetics of gestational diabetes mellitus and offspring health: the time for action is in early stages of life.
predicting women's future cardiovascular health from pregnancy complications.
obesity in pregnancy: a big problem and getting bigger.
fetal congenital heart disease associated with maternal gestational diabetes.
cholesterol abnormalities are common in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.
impaired lipid transport in gestational diabetes.
adiposity and hyperglycaemia in pregnancy and related health outcomes in european ethnic minorities of asian and african origin: a review.
gestational diabetes mellitus, placental histomorphometry, and cardiovascular disease risk: does race/ethnicity matter?.
cardiac malformations in fetuses of gestational and pre gestational diabetic mothers.
cardiovascular complications in infants of diabetic mothers: an observational study in a pediatric cardiology clinic in tehran.
postpartum dyslipidemia is highly prevalent in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and long term maternal cardiovascular morbidity in a follow-up period of more than a decade.
impaired redox signaling in fetal endothelial cells in pregnancy-associated diseases.
impaired nrf2 mediated redox signaling in fetal endothelial cells in gestational diabetes.
sex-specific programming of hypertension in offspring of late-gestation diabetic rats.
comparative evaluation of the periodontal status and plaque microbial flora in gestational diabetic and non-diabetic pregnant women: a clinicomicrobiological study.
lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancy successfully improves cardiovascular and metabolic health: results of the pro-active study.
maternal haemodynamics at 11-13 weeks of gestation and adverse pregnancy outcomes.
levels of the inflammation marker ykl-40 in young adults exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia.
long-term health outcomes in children born to mothers with diabetes: a population-based cohort study.
assesment of diastolic ventricular function in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers using tissue doppler.
gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancy is associated with subsequent atherosclerosis in women during midlife: cardia.
associations of gestational diabetes, existing diabetes, and glycosuria with offspring obesity and cardiometabolic outcomes.
intergenerational cycle of obesity and diabetes: how can we reduce the burdens of these conditions on the health of future generations?.
assesment of diastolic ventricular function in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers.
metabolic disorders in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, tehran lipid and glucose study.
heart involvement in the offspring of mothers with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus: a retrospective descriptive study.
decreased fetal cardiac performance in the first trimester correlates with hyperglycemia in pregestational maternal diabetes.
atp-binding cassette transporter a1 expression in the villous trophoblast in gestational diseases.
gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for future cardiovascular disease.
programming of adult cardiovascular disease following exposure to late-gestation hyperglycemia.
physical activity, sedentary behaviors, and estimated insulin sensitivity and secretion in pregnant and non-pregnant women.
effects of maternal obesity on prenatal and postnatal development of fetus: review.
cardiovascular risk following diagnosis of gestational diabetes: diabetes in pregnancy mother baby study 3.
a significant higher rate of omental macrophages infiltration in gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies.
oxidative stress may stay elevated after gestational diabetic and even healthy pregnancies.
impaired regulation of glutatione and the nrf2 pathway in fetal endothelial cells from diabetic pregnancies.
barriers to followup care in women with recent gestational diabetes mellitus: a qualitative study.
the 6-week postpartum oral glucose tolerance test for women with gestational diabetes: an opportune time for risk assessment and for implementing lifestyle changes.
an urgent need to tackle the maternal obesity epidemic.
increased risk of hypertension after gestational diabetes: findings from a large prospective cohort study.
population levels of folic acid and vitamin b12 and their implications: do we need to consider b12 fortification to prevent gestational diabetes and future cardiovascular risk?.
a fetal dilated and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy associated with maternal gestational diabetes - a case report.
the early origins of later obesity: pathways and mechanisms.
echocardiographic screening for maternal cardiac disease in diabetic pregnancy.
programming of growth, insulin resistance and vascular dysfunction in offspring of late gestation diabetic rats.
troponin t and pro-b-type natriuretic peptide in fetuses of type 1 diabetic mothers.
hypertensive disorders in pregnancy and subsequently measured cardiovascular risk factors.
insulin resistance in women's health: why it matters and how to identify it.
circulating and placental growth-differentiation factor 15 in preeclampsia and in pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus.
lipoprotein metabolism and vascular complications in pregnancy.
offspring of diabetic pregnancy: long-term outcomes.
gdm: maternal risks at follow-up.
antioxidant responses in fetal endothelial cells isolated from gestational diabetic pregnancies: impaired redox signaling and nrf2/are mediated induction of nqo1.
fetal programming by disturbed intrauterine environment - fundamental mechanisms exemplified by the regulation of body weight and metabolism.
pathologic ventricular hypertrophy in the offspring of diabetic mothers: a retrospective study.
increased periconceptual maternal glycated haemoglobin in diabetic mothers reduces fetal long axis cardiac function.
increased blood pressure in the offspring of diabetic mothers.
diabetes in montana's indians: the epidemiology of diabetes in the indians of the northern plains and canada.
association between gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension.
management of diabetes mellitus complicating pregnancy.
the offspring of gestational diabetes.
pregnancy complications and maternal cardiovascular risk: opportunities for intervention and screening?.
association of gestational diabetes with abnormal maternal vascular endothelial function.
diabetes mellitus during pregnancy and the risks for specific birth defects: a population-based case-control study.
placental pathology and abnormal fetal heart rate patterns in gestational diabetes.
there are 3 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
in the end, 3 target papers were left after filtering!.
false positive rate: 0.4647177419354839.

Included target articles are as follow:
characteristics of premature myocardial infarction among women with prior adverse pregnancy outcomes.
early cardiovascular events in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
role of type 2 diabetes in determining retinal, renal, and cardiovascular outcomes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.
gestational diabetes and incident heart failure: a cohort study.
adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risk of ischemic heart disease in mothers: national cohort and co-sibling study.
gestational diabetes mellitus in mothers and long term cardiovascular disease in both parents: results of over a decade follow-up of the iranian population.
earlier age of onset of chronic hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus after a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy or gestational diabetes mellitus.
association of history of gestational diabetes with long-term cardiovascular disease risk in a large prospective cohort of us women.
gestational diabetes mellitus and later cardiovascular disease: a swedish population based case-control study.
association of gestational diabetes with long-term risk of premature mortality, and cardiovascular outcomes and risk factors: a retrospective cohort analysis in the uk biobank.
an association between gestational diabetes mellitus and long-term maternal cardiovascular morbidity.
pregnancy complications and risk of cardiovascular disease later in life: a nationwide cohort study.
increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: a population-based cohort study.
increased risk of cardiovascular and renal disease, and diabetes for all women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus in new zealand-a national retrospective cohort study.
history of gestational diabetes mellitus in relation to cardiovascular disease and cardiovascular risk factors in us women.
pregnancy-induced hypertension and diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes hospitalization in the year following delivery.
gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of cardiovascular disease in women with a family history of type 2 diabetes.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the risks of overall and type-specific cardiovascular diseases: a population- and sibling-matched cohort study.
gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors and disease in u.s. hispanics/latinas in the hispanic community health study/study of latinos (hchs/sol).
impact of gestational diabetes mellitus and high maternal weight on the development of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease: a population-level analysis.
gestational diabetes mellitus and the role of intercurrent type 2 diabetes on long-term risk of cardiovascular events.
association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomography angiography.
previous pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of cardiovascular disease: a nested case-control study in sweden.
relationship between pregnancy complications and subsequent coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomographic angiography in black women.
five-year risk of all-cause death and cardiovascular events in women with gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
