total number of articles searched: 2675.
objectives: ['estimate the comparative clinical efficacy of non-surgical brain stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes in adults.', 'estimate the acceptability of non-surgical brain stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes in adults.'].
electroconvulsive therapy combined with esketamine improved depression through pi3k/akt/glt-1 pathway.
adjunctive duration-doubled transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of depressive patients with suicidal ideation: study protocol for a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
a randomized sham-controlled trial of high-dosage accelerated intermittent theta burst rtms in major depression: study protocol.
short-term and long-term efficacy of accelerated transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) on cognitive function recovery in patients with depression following electroconvulsive therapy (ect): protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of functional magnetic resonance imaging-guided personalized repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (fmri-rtms) in depressive patients with emotional blunting: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation combined with antidepressant medications for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
inappropriate study inclusion in meta-analysis of sham-controlled rtms for treatment-resistant depression.
high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (hd-tdcs) in major depressive disorder with anxious distress—a study protocol for a double-blinded randomized sham-controlled trial.
cognitive enhancing effect of rtms combined with tdcs in patients with major depressive disorder: a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled study.
altered blood parameters in “major depression” patients receiving repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) therapy: a randomized case-control study.
evaluating the effects of tdcs on depressive and anxiety symptoms from a transdiagnostic perspective: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
structural-functional connectomics in major depressive disorder following aitbs treatment.
14.1 accelerated theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation for refractory depression in asd.
continuous theta burst stimulation for bipolar depression: a multicenter, double-blind randomized controlled study exploring treatment efficacy and predictive potential of kynurenine metabolites.
erratum: accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation and treatment-refractory bipolar depression: a randomized clinical trial(jama psych (2024) doi: 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2024.1787).
home-based, remotely supervised, 6-week tdcs in patients with both mci and depression: a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of eight enhanced therapies for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of rcts.
transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation in reducing depressive symptoms during the peripartum period.
antidepressant class and concurrent rtms outcomes in major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
rtms as a next step in antidepressant nonresponders: a randomized comparison with current antidepressant treatment approaches.
efficacy and safety of intermittent theta burst stimulation and high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder: a systematic meta-analysis.
comparative effectiveness research trial for antidepressant incomplete and non-responders with treatment resistant depression (ascertain-trd) a randomized clinical trial.
optimally combining transcranial magnetic stimulation with antidepressants in major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
response trajectory to left dorsolateral prefrontal rtms in major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis: trajectory of rtms.
non-invasive neurostimulation to improve sleep quality and depressive symptoms in patients with major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
transcranial electrical stimulation: clinical implication and practice for treatment of psychiatric illness.
clinical response to fmri-guided compared to non-image guided rtms in depression and ptsd: a randomized trial.
efficacy and side effects of mixed-strategy electroconvulsive therapy: a proof-of-concept randomized clinical trial on late life depression.
comparisons of accelerated continuous and intermittent theta burst stimulation for treatment-resistant depression and suicidal ideation.
ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy for severe depression: a network meta-analysis of efficacy and safety.
the dose-effect relationship of six stimulation parameters with rtms over left dlpfc on treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
home-based transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in major depressive disorder: enhanced network synchronization with active relative to sham and deep learning-based predictors of remission.
efficacy and safety of theta burst versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation transcranial magnetic stimulation is not more effective than sham for improving depression and anxiety symptoms in patients with inflammatory bowel disease: a randomized, sham-controlled, pilot trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and non-convulsive electric shock in the treatment of depression: a meta-analysis.
17. predictors of remission after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of late-life depression.
201. antidepressant class and concurrent rtms outcomes in major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
211. transcranial alternating current stimulation (tacs) augmentation: synergy with psychotherapy for the treatment of depression.
280. acute temporal interference stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in patients with depression: first results of a double-blind controlled study.
233. predictors of treatment response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression: a retrospective clinical cohort study.
symptom specific tms targets for depression and anxiety: a randomized, controlled trial.
subject-specific resting-state functional connectivity to personalize rtms interventions in major depressive disorder.
157. individual prediction of optimal treatment allocation between electroconvulsive therapy or ketamine using the personalized advantage index.
a case series study of weekly or fortnightly transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in major depressive disorder.
no consistent antidepressant effects of deep brain stimulation of the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis.
clinical efficacy of adjunctive esketamine anesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive disorders: a pragmatic, randomized, controlled trial.
a review of transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation combined with medication and psychotherapy for depression.
subjective sleep improvements following daily theta-burst stimulation for treatmentresistant depression.
a fully remote randomized trial of transcranial alternating current stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive disorder.
home-use transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of a major depressive episode: a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy and safety of intermittent theta burst stimulation on adolescents and young adults with major depressive disorder: a randomized, double blinded, controlled trial.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation for treating anhedonia in patients with depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled clinical trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for treatment resistant depression (trd): a systematic review.
advances in neuromodulation for older adults with mood and neurocognitive disorders.
predictors of remission after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of late-life depression.
clinical outcomes of magnetic seizure therapy vs electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive episode: a randomized clinical trial.
comparative efficacy of augmenting escitalopram with modified electroconvulsive therapy or high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depressive symptoms, quality of life, and cognitive function in treatment-resistant depression.
comparable efficacy of repeated transcranial direct current stimulation, cognitive behavioral therapy, and their combination in improvement of cold and hot cognitive functions and amelioration of depressive symptoms.
high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation-primed intermittent theta burst stimulation in treatment-resistant depression: a controlled study.
the role of carbon dioxide in electroconvulsive therapy: assessing the necessity of forced hyperventilation.
tdcs reduces depression and state anxiety symptoms in older adults from the augmenting cognitive training in older adults study (act).
clinical characteristics and treatment exposure of patients with marked treatment-resistant unipolar major depressive disorder: a recover trial report.
investigating the impact of adjunctive priming repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in late-life depression: a pilot single-blind randomized control study.
connectivity-guided intermittent theta burst versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a randomized controlled trial.
adjunctive continuous theta burst stimulation for major depressive disorder or bipolar depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
the association of total pulses with the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant major depression: a dose-response meta-analysis.
the effect of deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with an h1 coil on hopelessness in patients with major depressive disorder: a randomized controlled trial.
motor cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressive disorder - a preliminary randomized controlled clinical trial.
a retrospective case–control study on the differences in the effectiveness of theta-burst stimulation therapy for depression with and without antidepressant medication.
neurocognitive function as outcome and predictor for prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation in major depressive disorder: an analysis from the depressiondc trial.
change in brain activation after transcranial pulsed electromagnetic fields in treatment-resistant depression.
accelerated theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation for refractory depression in autism spectrum disorder.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in children and young people with psychiatric disorders: a systematic review.
effects and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation on multiple health outcomes: an umbrella review of randomized clinical trials.
theta burst stimulation for depression: a systematic review and network and pairwise meta-analysis.
the impact of ketamine-based versus non-ketamine-based ect anesthesia regimens on the severity of patients’ depression and occurrence of adverse events: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation and neuronavigation for major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effect analysis of repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with fluoxetine in the treatment of first-episode adolescent depression.
predictive values of pre-treatment brain age models to rtms effects in neurocognitive disorder with depression: secondary analysis of a randomised sham-controlled clinical trial.
overcoming treatment-resistant depression with machine-learning based tools: a study protocol combining eeg and clinical data to personalize glutamatergic and brain stimulation interventions (selectool project).
application of transcranial direct and alternating current stimulation (tdcs and tacs) on major depressive disorder.
target engagement of the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex with transcranial temporal interference stimulation in major depressive disorder: a protocol for a randomized sham-controlled trial.
the effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) and omega-3 on food craving, executive functions, weight, and depressive symptoms in patients with depression and overweight: a randomized controlled trial.
cognitive potency and safety of tdcs treatment for major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
magnetic seizure therapy vs modified electroconvulsive therapy in patients with bipolar mania a randomized clinical trial.
real-world case series of maintenance theta burst stimulation therapy following response to acute theta burst stimulation therapy for difficult-to-treat depression.
ketamine vs electroconvulsive therapy for treatment-resistant depression: a secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial.
maintenance repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis.
non-inferiority of intermittent theta burst stimulation over the left v1 vs. classical target for depression: a randomized, double-blind trial.
comparing the efficacies of transcranial magnetic stimulation treatments using different targeting methods in major depressive disorder: protocol for a network meta-analysis.
differential placebo responses for pharmacotherapy and neurostimulation in late-life depression.
effects of bilateral sequential theta-burst stimulation on 5-ht1a receptors in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in treatment-resistant depression: a proof-of-concept trial.
maintenance repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) therapy for treatment-resistant depression: a study protocol of a multisite, prospective, non-randomized longitudinal study.
network effects of stanford neuromodulation therapy (snt) in treatment-resistant major depressive disorder: a randomized, controlled trial.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) adjunctive therapy for major depressive disorder (mdd) after two antidepressant treatment failures: meta-analysis of randomized sham-controlled trials.
study protocol: effects of treatment expectation toward repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depressive disorder—a randomized controlled clinical trial.
the antidepressant effect of intermittent theta burst stimulation (itbs): study protocol for a randomized double-blind sham-controlled trial.
a naturalistic study comparing the efficacy of unilateral and bilateral sequential theta burst stimulation in treating major depression – the u-b-d study protocol.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on cognitive deficits in depression: a systematic review.
theta-burst stimulation for the treatment of unipolar and bipolar depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation as treatment for major depression in a home treatment setting (homedc trial): study protocol and methodology of a double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study.
targeting right orbitofrontal cortex (ofc) with transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) can improve cognitive executive function in a major depressive episode, but not depressive mood: a double-blind randomized controlled pilot trial.
comparison of 60-minute vs 30-minute transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in major depressive disorder: effects on depression suicidal ideation and anxiety.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation and transcranial random noise stimulation on working memory and task-related eeg in major depressive disorder.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation for depressive episode disorders.
home-based transcranial direct current stimulation rct in major depression.
eeg synchronized left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) for treatment resistant depression is feasible and produces an entrainment dependent clinical response: a randomized controlled double blind clinical trial.
rapid improvements and subsequent effects in major depressive disorder patients with somatic pain using rtms combined with sertraline.
white matter predicts tdcs antidepressant effects in a sham-controlled clinical trial study.
antidepressant effects of prolonged intermittent theta-burst stimulation monotherapy at the bilateral dorsomedial prefrontal cortex for medication and standard transcranial magnetic stimulation-resistant major depression: a three arm, randomized, double blind, sham-controlled pilot study.
tdcs at home for depressive disorders: an updated systematic review and lessons learned from a prematurely terminated randomized controlled pilot study.
trajectory of changes in depressive symptoms after acute repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a meta-analysis of follow-up effects.
intermittent theta burst stimulation vs. high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
3.5 emerging neurotherapeutics for the treatment of depression in children, adolescents, and young adults.
comparison of the effectiveness of transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy with and without cognitive rehabilitation in patients with bipolar disorder.
the longer, the better ? longer left-sided prolonged intermittent theta burst stimulation in patients with major depressive disorder: a randomized sham-controlled study.
the effect of continuous theta burst stimulation over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on cognitive function and emotional regulation in patients with cerebral small vessel disease.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation in major depressive disorder: a systematic review.
the efficacy and tolerability of continuation and maintenance electroconvulsive therapy for depression: a systematic review of randomized and observational studies.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of middle-aged and elderly major depressive disorder: a randomized controlled trial.
a randomized trial comparing beam f3 and 5.5 cm targeting in rtms treatment of depression demonstrates similar effectiveness.
concurrent fmri-guided rtms and cognitive therapy for the treatment of major depressive episodes.
timing of response to standard 10 hz tms v theta burst stimulation.
transcranial direct current stimulation as an additional treatment to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in adults with major depressive disorder in germany (depressiondc): a triple-blind, randomised, sham-controlled, multicentre trial.
erratum: department of error (the lancet (2023) 402(10401) (545–554), (s0140673623006402), (10.1016/s0140-6736(23)00640-2)).
effect of priming on adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment of late-life depression: protocol of a prospective randomized sham-controlled study.
motor cortical plasticity as a predictor of treatment response to high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for cognitive function in drug-naive patients with major depressive disorder.
bifrontal-transcranial direct current stimulation as an early augmentation strategy in major depressive disorder: a single-blind randomised controlled trial.
time-course of the tdcs antidepressant effect: an individual participant data meta-analysis.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation for major depressive disorder or bipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
neuro-immunoendocrine biomarkers of transcranial magnetic stimulation effects in major depressive disorders: a systematic review.
quality of life improvement following deep tms for treatment-resistant depression.
nutrition + cbt + tms: an integrative approach for depressive and anxiety symptoms for treatment-resistant depression (trd) patients.
trajectories of response to deep tms in major depression: results from a multicenter randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on comorbid anxiety and depression symptoms in obsessive-compulsive disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized sham-controlled trials.
theta burst stimulation is not inferior to high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in reducing symptoms of posttraumatic stress disorder in veterans with depression: a retrospective case series.
non-invasive brain stimulation for treating post-stroke depression: a network meta-analysis.
an exploratory randomised controlled study on the efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression.
147. a prospective, multi-center, randomized, controlled, blinded trial of vagus verve stimulation for difficult to treat depression: the recover trial baseline data.
26. neurocognitive effects of adjunctive d-cycloserine and intermittent theta-burst stimulation in major depressive disorder.
3. adjunctive d-cycloserine with intermittent theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation improves suicidal ideation and implicit suicide risk in major depressive disorder.
267. outcomes from university of minnesota clinical rtms clinic for treatment-resistant depression: rtms effects on suicidal ideation as a function of baseline anhedonia.
572. transcranial direct current stimulation as add-on to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in adults with major depressive disorder: results: from the depressiondc trial.
optimizing rtms for transdiagnostic symptom and circuitry profiles.
8. dmpfc causal modulation of antidepressant expectancies.
219. rtms induces increases in aperiodic activity in resting-state eeg.
real-time fmri functional connectivity neurofeedback reducing repetitive negative thinking in depression: a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled proof-of-concept trial.
effects of left anodal transcranial direct current stimulation on hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis activity in depression: a randomized controlled pilot trial.
bilateral theta-burst stimulation on emotional processing in major depressive disorder: a functional neuroimaging study from a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial.
views about neuromodulation interventions for depression by stakeholder group, treatment modality, and depression severity.
effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) add-on therapy to a standard treatment in individuals with multiple sclerosis and concomitant symptoms of depression—results from a randomized clinical trial and pilot study.
impact of response shift effects in the assessment of self-reported depression during treatment: insights from a rtms versus venlafaxine randomized controlled trial.
investigating the role of maintenance tms protocols for major depression: systematic review and future perspectives for personalized interventions.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on symptom domains in neuropsychiatric disorders: a systematic review and cross-diagnostic meta-analysis.
investigating the efficacy of dual stimulation of tdcs and rtms neuro-modulation therapy of major depression.
the priming effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on clinical response to electroconvulsive therapy in treatment-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.
effect of intermittent theta burst stimulation on suicidal ideation and depressive symptoms in adolescent depression with suicide attempt: a randomized sham-controlled study.
individualized precision targeting of dorsal attention and default mode networks with rtms in traumatic brain injury-associated depression.
efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating major depressive disorder: an umbrella review and re-analysis of published meta-analyses of randomised controlled trials.
comparison of efficacy and safety of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy for depression: a systematic review.
transcranial direct-current stimulation over the motor cortex in patients suffering from anxiety and depression related to rheumatoid arthritis: study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
macroscopic resting state model predicts theta burst stimulation response: a randomized trial.
a prospective, multi-center randomized, controlled, blinded trial of vagus verve stimulation for difficult to treat depression: the recover trial.
a comparison between two rtms protocols as augmentation strategies in patients with treatment resistant depression.
adjunctive therapy of text4support for treatment- resistant depression patients receiving repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. a multicenter randomized controlled pilot trial.
assessing the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the management of treatment resistant depression: a scoping review.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with and without internet-delivered cognitive behavior therapy for the treatment of resistant depression: patient-centered randomized controlled pilot trial.
when the saint goes marching in - a novel transcranial magnetic stimulation protocol shows miraculous promise.
efficacy and clinical and neuroimaging biomarkers of response of two intensive and spaced treatment protocols of theta burst magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant depression.
efficacy of two intensive and spaced protocols of theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatmentresistant depression: a double-blind randomized trial.
accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (atms) vs standard repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment of major depressive episodes. preliminary data of a randomized, single-blind, controlled trial.
pursuing personalized medicine for depression by targeting the lateral or medial prefrontal cortex with deep tms.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in depression induces structural plasticity.
efficacy and tolerability of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for late-life depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effects of neuronavigation-guided rtms on serum bdnf, trkb and vgf levels in depressive patients with suicidal ideation.
examining the synergistic effects of a cognitive control video game and a home-based, self-administered non-invasive brain stimulation on alleviating depression: the discover trial protocol.
apparent lack of benefit of combining repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with internet-delivered cognitive behavior therapy for the treatment of resistant depression: patient-centered randomized controlled pilot trial.
extension of transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment for depression in non-responders: results of a naturalistic study.
transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of post-stroke depression: a systematic review.
a pilot randomized sham controlled trial of bilateral itbs for depression and executive function in older adults.
neuromodulatory effects of transcranial electrical stimulation on emotion regulation in internalizing psychopathologies.
preservation of spatial cognitive functioning in depressed patients treated with bilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
optimized hd-tdcs protocol for clinical use in patients with major depressive disorder.
closed-loop phase-locked rtms treatment decreases global cortical excitability in major depressive disorder patients.
predictive value of mri-informed brain age matrices to rtms effects in neurocognitive disorder with depression.
modest early reduction in depression severity predicts treatment non-response with 10 hz and accelerated theta burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression.
home-based transcranial direct current stimulation combined with behavioral therapy delivered through smartphone to treat major depressive disorder: a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
heart-brain coupling in a randomized controlled trial of stanford neuromodulation therapy: preliminary results and future directions.
combining metacognitive therapy and tdcs: preliminary results in patients with major depressive disorder.
to prime or not to prime: a pilot randomised control study on effect of adjunctive priming rtms in late life depression.
individualized intermittent theta burst stimulation for treatment of mdd.
cerebellar itbs for bipolar disorder: a randomized, controlled trial of safety, feasibility, and preliminary effects on mood and cognition.
radiomic features for predicting the treatment response of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major neurocognitive disorder.
clinical tms in us veterans decreases measures that predict suicide risk – across vha update.
white matter microstructure predicts tdcs antidepressant effects in a sham-controlled clinical trial study.
deep brain stimulation of the medial forebrain bundle in treatment-resistant depression: preliminary results showing shift and sustained antidepressant effects.
brain mechanisms behind the anti-suicidal effects of accelerated transcranial magnetic stimulation.
imaging-informed targeting approaches for nibs in ppd.
increased thalamic gray matter volume induced by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in patients with major depressive disorder.
effects of different transcranial magnetic stimulations on neuropathic pain after spinal cord injury.
efficacy and safety of intermittent theta burst stimulation versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for patients with treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review.
effect of dexmedetomidine on haemodynamic response and agitation score in modified electro convulsive therapy (ect): a prospective double‐blind, randomized controlled trial.
the cognitive effects of adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for late-onset depression: a randomized controlled trial with 4 week follow-up.
home-administered transcranial direct current stimulation with asynchronous remote supervision in the treatment of depression: feasibility, tolerability, and clinical effectiveness.
randomized clinical trial on the efficacy of a new transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) device in the treatment of depression: a low-cost option for developing countries?.
driving-related cognitive skills during antidepressant transcranial direct current stimulation: results in a subsample from the depressiondc trial.
efficacy and safety of repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with escitalopram in the treatment of major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis.
an electric field modeling study with meta-analysis to understand the antidepressant effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs).
effects of electroconvulsive therapy on functional outcomes among medicare patients with comorbid depression and dementia: a nationwide 1-year follow-up study.
comprehensive treatment of adynamic depression with the combined use of traditional psychopharmacotherapy, transcranial magnetic stimulation and virtual reality technologies.
effect of escitalopram combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on efficacy and attention function of patients with first-episode unipolar depression.
comparing the anti-depressive effect of electroconvulsive therapy ect versus transcranial magnetic stimulation tms in the treatment of patients with depression.
evidence from indian studies on safety and efficacy of therapeutic transcranial magnetic stimulation across neuropsychiatric disorders - a systematic review and meta-analysis.
“cognitive assessment in psychiatric patients before and after electroconvulsive therapy in a teritiary care teaching hospital”.
predictors of electroconvulsive therapy outcome in major depressive disorder.
no effects on heart rate variability in depression after treatment with dorsomedial prefrontal intermittent theta burst stimulation.
comparative efficacy, cognitive effects and acceptability of electroconvulsive therapies for the treatment of depression: protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
sequential bilateral accelerated theta burst stimulation in adolescents with suicidal ideation associated with major depressive disorder: protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
clinical and radiomic features for predicting the treatment response of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major neurocognitive disorder: results from a randomized controlled trial.
erratum: efficacy of adjunctive d-cycloserine to intermittent theta-burst stimulation for major depressive disorder: a randomized clinical trial (jama psychiatry (2022) doi: 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2022.3255).
efficacy of adjunctive d -cycloserine to intermittent theta-burst stimulation for major depressive disorder: a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy and safety of ketamine vs electroconvulsive therapy among patients with major depressive episode: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
vagally mediated heart rate variability is associated with executive function changes in patients with treatment-resistant depression following magnetic seizure therapy.
rtms combined with cbt as a next step in antidepressant non-responders: a study protocol for a randomized comparison with current antidepressant treatment approaches.
study of effect of nimodipine and acetaminophen on postictal symptoms in depressed patients after electroconvulsive therapy (synapse).
predicting treatment response using eeg in major depressive disorder: a machine-learning meta-analysis.
suicidality and relief of depressive symptoms with intermittent theta burst stimulation in a sham-controlled randomized clinical trial.
high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (hd-tdcs) as augmentation therapy in late-life depression (lld) with suboptimal response to treatment—a study protocol for a double-blinded randomized sham-controlled trial.
is transcranial direct current stimulation beneficial for treating pain, depression, and anxiety symptoms in patients with chronic pain? a systematic review and meta-analysis.
optimal parameter determination of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating treatment-resistant depression: a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
efficacy of adjunctive intensive transcranial direct current stimulation of different cortices in treatment-resistant depression: a study protocol for a randomized double-blinded sham-controlled trial.
non-invasive brain stimulation for treating psychiatric symptoms in parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
efficacy of adjunctive d-cycloserine to intermittent theta burst stimulation for major depressive disorder: a randomized clinical trial.
tms-eeg indices as high potential predictive markers of itbs response in mdd.
personalized connectivity-based accelerated tms therapy for bipolar depression: preliminary outcomes.
sham response in transcranial magnetic stimulation depression trials is increasing over time.
clinical and radiomic features for predicting the treatment response of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major neurocognitive disorder.
electrophysiological and behavioral effects of unilateral and bilateral rtms.
acupuncture combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke depression: a randomized controlled trial.
combining transcranial magnetic stimulation with antidepressants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effectiveness of standard sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation vs bilateral theta burst stimulation in older adults with depression: the four-d randomized noninferiority clinical trial.
effectiveness of aromatherapy with inhaled lavender essential oil and breathing exercises on ect-related anxiety in depressed patients.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on pain and emotion of patients with neuropathic pain.
a neuroimaging-based precision medicine framework for depression.
effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation in combination with citalopram on patients with post-stroke depression.
comparative study of low-dose ketamine infusion and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression: a posthoc pooled analysis of two randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies.
a pilot randomized clinical trial of tdcs for increasing exercise engagement in individuals with elevated depressive symptoms: rationale, design, and baseline characteristics.
the association between sample and treatment characteristics and the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of sham-controlled trials.
altered brain spontaneous activity by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment for major depressive disorder.
tu-110. tdcs randomized controlled trials in no–structural diseases: a quantitative review.
the relationship between depression and pain during acute electroconvulsive therapy and follow-up period for patients with treatment-resistant depression.
dual observation naturalistic tms study comparing h1 and figure-8 coil outcomes (dont h8).
effectiveness of high frequency rtms stimulation with the h7 coil over the mpfc versus with the h1 coil over the dlpfc in patients with mdd: a multicenter randomized controlled non-inferiority trial.
very low-level transcranial photobiomodulation . for major depressive disorder: the elated-3 multicenter, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
transcranial magnetic stimulation improves heart rate variability.
perceived barriers to using psychiatric electroceutical interventions: a national survey of psychiatrists, patients, caregivers, and the general public.
treatment of depression in the elderly with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using theta-burst stimulation: study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, controlled trial.
bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation ameliorated sleep disorder and hypothalamic–pituitary–adrenal axis dysfunction in subjects with major depression.
cortical excitatory and inhibitory correlates of the fronto-limbic circuit in major depression and differential effects of left frontal brain stimulation in a randomized sham-controlled trial.
negative cognitive schema modification as mediator of symptom improvement after electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder.
brain stimulation and other biological non-pharmacological interventions in mental disorders: an umbrella review.
early effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with sertraline in adolescents with first-episode major depressive disorder.
the evidence is in: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is an effective, safe and well-tolerated treatment for patients with major depressive disorder.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) accelerates onset time of beneficial treating effects and improves clinical symptoms of depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation promotes response inhibition in patients with major depression during the stop-signal task.
comparative analysis of the effects of escitalopram, pramipexole, and transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression in patients with parkinson disease: an open-label randomized controlled trial.
efficacy and tolerability of brain stimulation interventions in borderline personality disorder: state of the art and future perspectives – a systematic review.
high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation combined with antidepressants in the treatment of major depressive disorder with anxious distress: a pilot randomized controlled trial.
inflammatory cytokines changed in patients with depression before and after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment.
efficacy of neurostimulation across mental disorders: systematic review and meta-analysis of 208 randomized controlled trials.
accelerated itbs changes perfusion patterns in medication resistant depression.
changes in brain network properties in major depressive disorder following electroconvulsive therapy: a combined static and dynamic functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
efficacy of augmentation of cognitive behavioral therapy with transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: a randomized clinical trial.
the discover trial - first look at patient training and their expectations regarding a new, innovative treatment.
is repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation really effective in the treatment of major depression? - results of a meta-analysis.
suicidality during neuromodulation in the elderly depressed: study design.
improved safety of hybrid electroconvulsive therapy compared with standard electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depressive disorder: a randomized, double-blind, parallel-group pilot trial.
can daytime transcranial direct current stimulation treatment change the sleep electroencephalogram complexity of rem sleep in depressed patients? a double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
efficacy and tolerability of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on suicidal ideation: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
influence of adjuvant nortriptyline on the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized controlled trial and 1-year follow-up.
effect of high frequency versus theta-burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on suicidality in patients with treatment-resistant depression.
mechanisms of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on post-stroke depression: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
the effectiveness of high-frequency left dlpfc-rtms on depression, response inhibition, and cognitive flexibility in female subjects with major depressive disorder.
depressive symptom dimensions and response trajectories in electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy.
adjunctive d-cycloserine with intermittent theta-burst stimulation: a randomized placebo-controlled trial in major depressive disorder.
p249. a single session of bifrontal tdcs can improve facial emotion recognition in major depressive disorder: an exploratory pilot study.
p342. modulation of depression-relevant circuitry by transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs).
p 49 polysymptomatic tms treatment with the h1 coil compared to the figure of 8 coil leads to more uniform changes across symptom clusters in patients with major depression disorder.
intermittent theta burst stimulation (itbs) versus 10 hz high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) to alleviate treatment-resistant unipolar depression: a randomized controlled trial (theta-dep).
racemic ketamine as an alternative to electroconvulsive therapy for unipolar depression: a randomized, open-label, non-inferiority trial (ketect).
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognitive function in patients with stress-related depression: a randomized double-blind fmri and 1h-mrs study.
critical role of rhythms in prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression: a randomized sham-controlled study.
large-scale structural network change correlates with clinical response to rtms in depression.
dorsomedial prefrontal rtms for depression in borderline personality disorder: a pilot randomized crossover trial.
safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation in unipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials.
electroconvulsive therapy, electric field, neuroplasticity, and clinical outcomes.
daily prefrontal closed-loop repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) produces progressive eeg quasi-alpha phase entrainment in depressed adults.
the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on suicidal ideation in treatment-resistant depression: a meta-analysis.
important insights for the use of ketamine from randomized controlled trials that compared ketamine with electroconvulsive therapy in severe depression.
effects of bilateral sequential theta-burst stimulation on 5-ht1a receptors on dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in treatment resistant depression.
comparative efficacy and acceptability of 3 repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation devices for depression: a meta-analysis of randomized, sham-controlled trials.
ten sessions of 30 min tdcs over 5 days to achieve remission in depression: a randomized pilot study.
efficacy of deep tms with the h1 coil for anxious depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) for geriatric depression.
effect of self-administered transcranial direct stimulation in patients with major depressive disorder: a randomized, single-blinded clinical trial.
stanford neuromodulation therapy (snt): a double-blind randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation for reducing suicidal ideation in depression: a meta-analysis.
predictive roles of brain-derived neurotrophic factor val66met polymorphism on antidepressant efficacy of different forms of prefrontal brain stimulation monotherapy: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.
transcranial direct current stimulation over the prefrontal cortex in depression modulates cortical excitability in emotion regulation regions as measured by concurrent functional magnetic resonance imaging: an exploratory study.
anatomical and fmri-network comparison of multiple dlpfc targeting strategies for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment of depression.
individual interregional perfusion between the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex stimulation targets and the subgenual anterior cortex predicts response and remission to aitbs treatment in medication-resistant depression: the influence of behavioral inhibition.
posb288 efficacy of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for the treatment of major depressive disorder after two pharmacotherapy treatment failure: meta-analysis of randomized sham controlled trials.
a double-blind randomized sham control study to assess the effects of rtms (repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation) on executive functioning in treatment resistant depression.
efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression.
a study protocol for an ongoing multi-arm, randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled clinical trial with digital features, using portable transcranial electrical stimulation and internet-based behavioral therapy for major depression disorders: the psylect study.
modulation of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex functional connectivity after intermittent theta-burst stimulation in depression: combining findings from fnirs and fmri.
safety of electro-convulsive therapy in combination with duloxetine in treatment-resistant depressive patients: a randomized clinical trial.
does electroconvulsive therapy for patients with mood disorders extend hospital length of stays and increase inpatient costs?.
deep brain stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
influence of tms, clinical and demographic parameters on the efficacy of rtms in depression.
brain perfusion patterns as clinical (non) predictor to aitbs treatment in medication-resistant depression.
gender differences in the efficacy of rtms treatment on major depressive disorder.
bi-frontal tdcs can improve facial emotion recognition in major depressive disorder: an exploratory pilot study.
accelerated dtms in the elderly depressed: preliminary insights on safety, tolerability and applicability.
two rtms sessions per week: a practical approach for treating major depressive disorder.
fractional anisotropy measurements of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for therapeutic response assessment after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis patients suffering from depression.
treatment of mixed depression with theta-burst stimulation (tbs): results from a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled clinical trial.
comparative efficacy and cognitive function of magnetic seizure therapy vs. electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
confirmatory efficacy and safety trial of magnetic seizure therapy for depression (crest-mst): study protocol for a randomized non-inferiority trial of magnetic seizure therapy versus electroconvulsive therapy.
antidepressant efficacy of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in antidepressant-nonresponding bipolar depression: a single-blind randomized sham-controlled trial.
habitual caffeine consumption moderates the antidepressant effect of dorsomedial intermittent theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation.
is transcranial direct current stimulation, alone or in combination with antidepressant medications or psychotherapies, effective in treating major depressive disorder? a systematic review and meta-analysis.
confirmatory efficacy and safety trial of magnetic seizure therapy for depression (crest-mst): protocol for identification of novel biomarkers via neurophysiology.
long-term risk of developing dementia after electroconvulsive therapy for affective disorders.
effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on patients with severe depression: a study protocol for systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials.
no antidepressant effects of low intensity transcranial pulsed electromagnetic fields for treatment resistant depression.
a randomized sham controlled comparison of once vs twice-daily intermittent theta burst stimulation in depression: a canadian rtms treatment and biomarker network in depression (cartbind) study.
deiodinase variation and liothyronine treatment interaction to accelerate ect response in major depression: pilot data and implications for thyroid pharmacogenomic testing in mood disorders.
stanford neuromodulation therapy (snt): a double-blinded, randomized, and controlled trial.
quantitative ictal electroencephalography (qeeg) comparison of focal electrically-administered seizure therapy (feast) and ultrabrief pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ubp-rul ect).
does synchronizing tms pulses with eeg alpha phase improve the antidepressant efficacy of prefrontal tms?.
a comparison of symptom-specific resting state functional connectivity biomarkers of 10 hz and itbs-rtms in treatment-resistant depression.
developing rules to change rtms protocol during an index course in light of early non-response.
prolonged intermittent theta burst stimulation in the treatment of major depressive disorder.
intermittent theta-burst stimulation reduces amygdala activation during perception of negative picture stimuli in depression.
the influence of sample and treatment characteristics on the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
electrophysiological and behavioral effects of bilateral and unilateral rtms on rumination and depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment of bipolar depression.
the consortium of researchers for ect (core) - past, present and future.
overview of a large transcranial magnetic stimulation patient outcomes database.
how to use multimodal neuroimaging to personalize rtms parameters for depression treatment.
cranial electrotherapy stimulation after transcranial magnetic stimulation for maintenance of improvement in treatment-resistant depression: a pilot study.
deep brain stimulation of the ventral capsule/ ventral striatum for treatment-resistant depression: a decade of clinical follow-up.
treatment of major depressive disorder with bilateral theta burst stimulation: study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter trial (tbs-d).
can the addition of maintenance electroconvulsive therapy to pharmacotherapy improve relapse prevention in severe major depressive disorder? a randomized controlled trial.
clinical applications of brain-oscillation synchronized brain stimulation.
local and remote perfusion changes after aitbs treatment in depressed patients.
characteristics of attention bias in patients with depression disorder, and the influence of high frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy on the attention bias.
a novel technique for accurate electrode placement over cortical targets for transcranial electrical stimulation (tes) clinical trials.
magnitude of the placebo response across treatment modalities used for treatment-resistant depression in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
therapeutic efficacy of connectivity-directed transcranial magnetic stimulation on anticipatory anhedonia.
neurophysiological effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in treatment resistant depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and its role in suicidality – a systematic review.
accelerated theta burst stimulation for the treatment of depression: a randomised controlled trial.
systematic review of preservation tms that includes continuation, maintenance, relapse-prevention, and rescue tms.
comparison of left unilateral tms treatment vs. sequential bilateral treatment in a large registry cohort.
analysis of multi-center mdd trials indicates direct, polysymptomatic effect of rtms on depression and anxiety with h1-coil and delayed, indirect effect on anxiety with figure-8 coil.
efficacy of unilateral vs. bilateral rtms treatment on suicidal ideation in patients with depression and comorbid anxiety.
reintroduction tms as a strategy for maintenance treatment for adolescents with treatment resistant depression.
itbs combined with cognitive behavioral therapy for treatment resistance depression (trd).
on this month's round the corner: i welcome the argument about ect.
clinical effectiveness of non-tms neurostimulation in depression: clinical trials from 2010 to 2020.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder in older adults: systematic review and meta-analysis.
effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression and cognition in individuals with traumatic brain injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
tdcs randomized controlled trials in no-structural diseases: a quantitative review.
a preliminary study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressants in the treatment of first-episode late-life depression.
deep brain stimulation for treatment resistant depression: a decade of clinical follow-up.
determinants of sham response in tdcs depression trials: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
cortical thickness in the right anterior cingulate cortex relates to clinical response to left prefrontal accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation: an exploratory study.
efficacy and acceptability of transcranial direct current stimulation for treating depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
dorsomedial prefrontal theta burst stimulation to treat anhedonia, avolition, and blunted affect in schizophrenia or depression – a randomized controlled trial.
parsing the antidepressant effects of non-invasive brain stimulation and pharmacotherapy: a symptom clustering approach on elect-tdcs.
unchanged cognitive performance and concurrent prefrontal blood oxygenation after accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation in depression: a sham-controlled study.
a systematic review of neuromodulation treatment effects on suicidality.
magnetic seizure therapy for treatment-resistant depression.
improved pre-attentive processing with occipital rtms treatment in major depressive disorder patients revealed by mmn.
impact of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) on theory of mind and executive function in major depressive disorder and its correlation with brain-derived neurotrophic factor (bdnf): a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial.
in-vivo imaging of targeting and modulation of depression-relevant circuitry by transcranial direct current stimulation: a randomized clinical trial.
theta burst stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
placebo response in treatment resistant depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of multiple treatment modalities.
characterizing cortical oscillatory responses in major depressive disorder before and after convulsive therapy: a tms-eeg study.
comparative efficacy and acceptability of neuromodulation procedures in the treatment of treatment-resistant depression: a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
ontario health technology assessment series: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for people with treatment-resistant depression: a health technology assessment.
speed of electroconvulsive therapy for depression: effects of electrode placement.
treatment effect variability in brain stimulation across psychiatric disorders: a meta-analysis of variance.
can seizure therapies and noninvasive brain stimulations prevent suicidality? a systematic review.
is the response to rtms largely the result of non-specific effects?.
cortical thickness changes following accelerated neuromodulation therapy for treatment-resistant depression predict depression scores at one-month.
clinical outcomes in a large registry of patients with major depressive disorder treated with transcranial magnetic stimulation.
safe use of intermittent theta burst stimulation in veterans with alcohol use disorder.
structural network plasticity after rtms treatment in depression.
targeting the reconsolidation of traumatic memories with electroconvulsive therapy for the treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder.
a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial of accelerated intermittent theta-burst (aitbs) for treatment-resistant depression.
targeting location relates to treatment response in active but not sham rtms stimulation.
the australian tms debate.
treatment for major depressive disorder by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in different parameters: a randomized double-blinded controlled trial.
influence of an adjuvant antidepressant on the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke depression: a randomised trial with neurophysiological insight.
enhancing cognition in older persons: a pilot clinical trial of mindfulness-based stress reduction (mbsr) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs).
effect of electrode placement on speed of response to ect.
systemic review on transcranial electrical stimulation parameters and eeg/fnirs features for brain diseases.
efficacy of active vs sham intermittent theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation for patients with bipolar depression: a randomized clinical trial.
effects of tdcs on neuroplasticity and inflammatory biomarkers in bipolar depression: results from a sham-controlled study.
efficacy and tolerability of theta-burst stimulation for major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on anxiety symptoms in patients with major depression: an analysis from the three-d trial.
distinct trajectories of response to prefrontal tdcs in major depression: results from a 3-arm randomized controlled trial.
right unilateral versus bilateral formula-based electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of major depression in elderly patients: a randomised, open label, pilot controlled trial.
a direct comparison of neuronavigated and non-neuronavigated intermittent theta burst stimulation in the treatment of depression.
p.301 bilateral theta-burst stimulation improves affective symptoms but not executive functions in major depressive disorder.
active placebo, the parachute meta-analysis, the nobel prize, and the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy.
effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on meta-worry and neuropsychological functions among patients with depression.
is ketamine an appropriate alternative to ect for patients with treatment resistant depression? a systematic review.
cognitive outcomes of the bipolar depression electrical treatment trial (better): a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.
association between tdcs computational modeling and clinical outcomes in depression: data from the elect-tdcs trial.
effects of bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation on brain glutamate levels and resting state connectivity: multimodal mri data for the cathodal stimulation site.
prefrontal resting-state connectivity and antidepressant response: no associations in the elect-tdcs trial.
electroconvulsive therapy pulse amplitude and clinical outcomes.
systematic review of biological markers of therapeutic repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in neurological and psychiatric disorders.
rapid symptom improvement in major depressive disorder using accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
non-pharmacological treatment for parkinson disease patients with depression: a meta-analysis of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and cognitive-behavioral treatment.
left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression in adolescents: a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of tdcs and tacs in treatment of major depressive disorder: a randomized, double-blind, factorial placebo-controlled study design.
neurostimulation methods in the treatment of depression: a comparison of rtms, tdcs, and venlafaxine using a pooled analysis of two studies.
subanesthetic dose of ketamine for the antidepressant effects and the associated cognitive impairments of electroconvulsive therapy in elderly patients—a randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical study.
efficacy, safety and tolerability of formula-based unilateral vs bilateral electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of major depression: a randomized open label controlled trial.
is tdcs a potential first line treatment for major depression?.
bright light therapy accelerates the antidepressant effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant depression: a pilot study.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder: basic principles and future directions.
appraising the effectiveness of electrical and magnetic brain stimulation techniques in acute major depressive episodes: an umbrella review of meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials.
task-related functional magnetic resonance imaging-based neuronavigation for the treatment of depression by individualized repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the visual cortex.
impact of active and sham bifrontal rtms on cholinergic system in treatment-resistant depression and connection to treatment response: a preliminary study.
accurate dlpfc targeting improves itbs response in treatment resistant depression and alters tms-eeg markers of cortical excitation.
antidepressant response of electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy: response trajectories by symptom clusters.
intensive tms in treatment refractory patients with major depressive disorder: a pilot replication.
low-frequency rtms inhibits the anti-depressive effect of ect. a pilot study.
the effects of vagus nerve stimulation on the course and outcomes of patients with bipolar disorder in a treatment-resistant depressive episode: a 5-year prospective registry.
double-blinded randomized pilot clinical trial comparing cognitive side effects of standard ultra-brief right unilateral ect to 0.5 a low amplitude seizure therapy (lap-st).
a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized sham-controlled trials of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for bipolar disorder.
the effect of pulse width on subjective memory impairment and remission rate 6 months after electroconvulsive therapy.
electrocardiogram corrected q-t interval predicts response to vagus nerve stimulation in depression.
low frequency right sided and high frequency left sided repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression: the evidence of equivalence.
acute effects of electroconvulsive therapy and venlafaxine on verbal learning and memory dimensions in older adults with major depressive disorder.
long-term symptom relief in severe treatment-resistant depression using subcallosal cingulate dbs.
transcranial direct current stimulation as an add-on treatment to cognitive-behavior therapy in first episode drug-naïve major depression patients: the esap study protocol.
a randomized sham-controlled trial of 1-hz and 10-hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in civilian post-traumatic stress disorder: un essai randomisé contrôlé simulé de stimulation magnétique transcrânienne repetitive (smtr) de 1 hz et 10 hz du cortex préfrontal dorsolatéral droit dans le trouble de stress post-traumatique chez des civils.
influence of transcranial direct current stimulation on psychomotor symptoms in major depression.
antidepressant effects of ketamine and ect: a pilot comparison.
transcranial direct current stimulation: a novel approach in the treatment of vascular depression.
seizure threshold manipulation in electroconvulsive therapy via repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. a novel way of augmentation?.
individualized theta-burst stimulation modulates hippocampal activity and connectivity in patients with major depressive disorder.
stanford accelerated intelligent neuromodulation therapy (saint-trd) induces rapid remission from treatment-resistant depression in a double-blinded, randomized, and controlled trial.
theta burst and standard repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder at a suburban tertiary clinic.
systematic review and meta-analysis comparing itbs vs. tms vs. sham in randomized controlled trials.
a multicenter, randomized, sham-controlled trial of left prefrontal, 10 hz, transcranial magnetic stimulation for adolescents with treatment resistant depression.
“the efficacy of rtms with psychotherapy, sleep modifications & exercise.”.
audio-guided mindfulness meditation during tms sessions for the treatment of major depressive disorder (mdd): a feasibility pilot study.
elderly tms response and duration: a 6 month study.
outcomes of standard rtms treatment compared to theta burst protocol for major depressive disorder in a naturalistic setting.
comparison of naturalistic treatment outcomes with the standard 38-minute protocol vs. shortened (“dash”) protocol: a neurostar® registry database study.
neuronavigation guided rtms in alleviating gulf war illness symptoms.
theta burst but not standard stimulation resulting in treatment emergent affective switching (teas): an inter-subject case-control series of two patients.
neuronavigation-guided rtms for the treatment of depressive patients with suicidal ideation: a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
response shift in self-reported depression outcomes during treatment-resistant depression.
exploring theta burst stimulation for post-traumatic stress disorder in australian veterans-a pilot study.
intermittent theta burst stimulation over the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex modulates resting-state connectivity in depressive patients: a sham-controlled study.
the combination of propofol and ketamine does not enhance clinical responses to electroconvulsive therapy in major depression—the results from the keops study.
a randomized controlled trial of a standard 4-week protocol of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in severe treatment resistant depression.
plasma circular rna dym related to major depressive disorder and rapid antidepressant effect treated by visual cortical repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
accelerated itbs treatment applied to the left dlpfc in depressed patients results in a rapid volume increase in the left hippocampal dentate gyrus, not driven by brain perfusion.
a two-site, open-label, non-randomized trial comparing focal electrically-administered seizure therapy (feast) and right unilateral ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (rul-ubp ect).
telomere length in depression and association with therapeutic response to electroconvulsive therapy and cognitive side-effects.
non-pharmacological treatment for parkinson's disease patients with depression: a meta-analysis of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and cognitive-behavioral treatment.
the management of depression following traumatic brain injury: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
pain trajectories of dorsomedial prefrontal intermittent theta burst stimulation versus sham treatment in depression.
the therapeutic effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in elderly depression patients.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression symptoms and cognitive function in treating patients with postpartum depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
impact of comorbid ptsd on outcome of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) for veterans with depression.
connectivity guided theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant moderate to severe depression: study protocol for a randomised double-blind controlled trial (brightmind).
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on improvement of mental health and clinical parameters in depressed hemodialysis patients: a pilot study.
a systematic review and meta-analysis on the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation in depressive episodes.
intermittent theta-burst stimulation moderates interaction between increment of n-acetyl-aspartate in anterior cingulate and improvement of unipolar depression.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation using miniaturized devices vs sertraline for depression in korea: a 6 week, multicenter, randomized, double blind, active-controlled study.
stanford accelerated intelligent neuromodulation therapy (saint) remissionrates in treatment resistant depression.
the truth about electroconvulsive therapy: a new era of knowledge. clinical predictors of therapeutic response to electroconvulsive therapy.
the effects of repeated transcranial direct current stimulation on sleep quality and depression symptoms in patients with major depression and insomnia.
a randomized controlled trial of video psychoeducation for electroconvulsive therapy in the united states.
effects of ketamine anesthesia on efficacy, tolerability, seizure response, and neurocognitive outcomes in electroconvulsive therapy: a comprehensive meta-analysis of double-blind randomized controlled trials.
efficacy, safety, and tolerability of theta-burst stimulation in mixed depression: design, rationale, and objectives of a randomized, double- blinded, sham-controlled trial.
global connectivity and local excitability changes underlie antidepressant effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
evaluation of the effects of rtms on self-reported quality of life and disability in treatment-resistant depression: a three-d study.
predictors of remission after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder: an analysis from the randomised non-inferiority three-d trial.
coffee consumption moderates the antidepressant effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation.
grey matter covariance predicts response to rtms in depression.
use of eeg signals to understand variability in rtms treatment.
double-blinded randomized pilot clinical trial comparing cognitive side effects & antidepressant efficacy of standard ultra brief pulse right unilateral (ubp-rul) ect versus low amplitude-titrated seizure therapy (lap-st).
factor structure of the hamilton depression rating scale during electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy in the treatment of major depression.
a double randomized controlled trial of twice vs. once daily intermittent theta burst stimulation.
cognitive effects of brief and ultrabrief pulse bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy: a randomised controlled proof-of-concept trial.
efficacy and acceptability of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for major depressive disorder: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
efficacy and tolerability of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
cost-utility analysis of curative and maintenance repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treatment-resistant unipolar depression: a randomized controlled trial protocol.
neurotherapy for depression in adolescents – a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled tdcs clinical trial.
baseline structural brain characteristics are correlated with clinical response to accelerated itbs in depression patients.
multimodal imaging in elect-tdcs: associations of cortical structure and functional connectivity with depression outcomes after tdcs treatment.
treatment refractoriness in rtms and tbs trials: findings from a large meta-analysis.
comparative efficacy and acceptability of non-surgical brain stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes in adults: systematic review and network meta-analysis.
effects of bdnf genotypes on the antidepressant effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression : a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.
individualized theta-burst stimulation of parietal-hippocampal functional connectivity in patients with major depressive disorder.
treatment resistant depression: rtms combined with light therapy, a novel approach.
ect amplitude and clinical outcomes.
comparison of the speed of remission between bilateral and right unilateral ect in a cohort of geriatric psychiatry patients.
safety, tolerability, and nocebo phenomena during transcranial magnetic stimulation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of placebo-controlled clinical trials.
influence of electroconvulsive therapy on white matter structure in a diffusion tensor imaging study.
efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in office workers with treatment-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial.
antidepressant adherence and alternative future options in pacific islander youth.
antidepressant efficacy of prolonged intermittent theta burst stimulation monotherapy for recurrent depression and comparison of methods for coil positioning: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.
dorsomedial prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-refractory major depressive disorder: a three-arm, blinded, randomized controlled trial.
cost–utility analysis of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression in ontario.
neurocognitive effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in unipolar and bipolar depression: findings from an international randomized controlled trial.
effects of adding dexmedetomidine to ketamine on heart rate and blood pressure changs in psychiatric patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy.
effects of low-dose ketamine on the antidepressant efficacy and suicidal ideations in patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy.
baseline functional connectivity may predict placebo responses to accelerated rtms treatment in major depression.
cognitive changes after tdcs and escitalopram treatment in major depressive disorder: results from the placebo-controlled elect-tdcs trial.
a pilot study of transcranial alternating current stimulation in the treatment of drug-naive adult patients with major depressive disorder.
cost-utility analysis of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in non-treatment-resistant depression: the disco randomised controlled study protocol.
the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for parkinson disease patients with depression.
a pragmatic randomized controlled trial exploring the relationship between pulse number and response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in depression.
magnetic seizure therapy (mst) for major depressive disorder.
brain oscillation-synchronized stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in depression using real-time eeg-triggered tms.
association of bdnf, htr2a, tph1, slc6a4, and comt polymorphisms with tdcs and escitalopram efficacy: ancillary analysis of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressants for the first episode of major depressive disorder.
modulation of the prefrontal blood oxygenation response to intermittent theta-burst stimulation in depression: a sham-controlled study with functional near-infrared spectroscopy.
shorter recovery times and better cognitive function—a comparative pilot study of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in patients with depressive episodes.
comparative efficacy of rtms as an augmentation strategy in treatment resistant depression in military personnel.
an open-label feasibility trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in depressed pacific islander adolescents.
a randomized study comparing the short-term neurocognitive outcome of electroconvulsive therapy versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of patients with depression.
neuronavigated transcranial magnetic stimulation for prodromal dementia with major depression.
less memory complaints with reduced stimulus dose during electroconvulsive therapy for depression.
measuring change in anhedonia using the “happy faces” task pre- to post-repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) treatment to left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in major depressive disorder (mdd): relation to empathic happiness.
p.337 efficacy and safety of unilateral versus bilateral electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of depression in elderly patients: a randomized trial.
p.539 augmentative repetitive tms in the treatment of poor responder depressed patients: a follow up study.
feasibility of computerized cognitive-behavioral therapy combined with bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation for treatment of major depression.
brain activity and clinical outcomes in adults with depression treated with synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation: an exploratory study.
placebo aitbs attenuates suicidal ideation and frontopolar cortical perfusion in major depression.
a preliminary two-site, open-label, non-randomized trial, comparing focal electrically administered seizure therapy (feast) and, right unilateral ultra-brief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ubp-rul ect).
use and impact of psychotropic medications during transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder.
study protocol for a parallel-group, double-blinded, randomized, controlled, noninferiority trial: the effect and safety of hybrid electroconvulsive therapy (hybrid-ect) compared with routine electroconvulsive therapy in patients with depression.
a review of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for the individualized treatment of depressive symptoms.
magnetic seizure therapy: towards personalized seizure therapy for major depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for depression in pregnancy: a pilot randomized controlled trial.
impact of prior treatment on remission with intermittent theta burst versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant depression.
feasibility and clinical effects of theta burst stimulation in youth with major depressive disorders: an open-label trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd): a randomized, double-blinded, controlled trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation for treatment-resistant major depression: a double-blind randomized sham-controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for poststroke depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
does rtms on brain areas of mirror neurons lead to higher improvements on symptom severity and empathy compared to the rtms standard procedure? – results from a double-blind interventional study in individuals with major depressive disorders.
low-frequency right repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of depression after traumatic brain injury: a randomized sham-controlled pilot study.
multicenter randomized controlled trial of bifrontal, bitemporal, and right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder.
anesthetic regimen impacts duration of post-ictal generalized electroencephalographic suppression following electroconvulsive therapy-induced seizures.
advancing noninvasive brain stimulation for depression with personalised treatment approaches.
effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on a patient with major depressive disorder: changes of serum neurotophins levels.
antidepressant effects of tdcs are associated with prefrontal gray matter volumes at baseline: evidence from the elect-tdcs trial.
effectiveness of high-frequency left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with treatment-resistant depression: a randomized clinical trial of 37.5-minute vs 18.75-minute protocol.
transcranial magnetic stimulation of the medial prefrontal cortex for psychiatric disorders: a systematic review.
implementation of intermittent theta burst stimulation compared to conventional repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with treatment resistant depression: a cost analysis.
effect of multi-session trans-cranial direct current stimulation of dorsolateral prefrontal area on depression and drowsines in patients with multiple sclerosis.
transcranial direct current stimulation reduces craving in substance use disorders: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
application of functional near-infrared spectroscopy to explore the neural mechanism of transcranial direct current stimulation for post-stroke depression.
a systematic review of the safety and effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of peripartum depression.
neural predictors of treatment response to brain stimulation and psychological therapy in depression: a double-blind randomized controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in non-treatment-resistant depression.
effect of one session of tdcs on the severity of pain in women with chronic pelvic pain.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using a figure-8-coil or an h1-coil in treatment of major depressive disorder.
ctmss 2019 annual meeting.
treatment of post-stroke depression.
association of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment with subgenual cingulate hyperactivity in patients with major depressive disorder: a secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression with comorbid anxiety disorders.
transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using a figure-8-coil or an h1-coil in treatment of major depressive disorder. a randomized clinical trial.
intermittent theta burst stimulation over dorsomedial prefrontal cortex in major depression modulates resting-state connectivity: preliminary findings from a sham controlled trial.
improved functional brain anomalies after personalized rtms relative to classical rtms and tdcs in resistant depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) as treatment for major depression–analysis of the first technical data from a blind selection of active tdcs sessions.
once daily versus twice daily theta-burst stimulation in the treatment of major depression disorder.
the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) over the left dlpfc on neuropsychological function in women with depression.
new avenues in brain stimulation treatments for major depression: efficacy, acceptability, and translation of novel treatments into clinical practice.
unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant late-life depression.
deep transcranial magnetic stimulation attenuates depressive and anxiety symptoms associated with obesity.
theta-burst stimulation in major depression: clinical and neuroimaging results.
individual prediction of electroconvulsive therapy response using multicenter neuroimaging data: for the gemric consortium.
transcranial direct current stimulation for depression and risk of treatment emergent mania: an updated meta-analysis.
antidepressant response along latent symptom dimensions associated with longitudinal structural covariance in electroconvulsive therapy.
alpha-synchronized stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in depression using real-time eeg-triggered tms.
antidepressant effects of tdcs are associated with prefrontal grey matter volumes at baseline: evidence from the elect-tdcs trial.
a randomized controlled trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for chronic, treatment resistant major depressive disorder.
antidepressant outcomes of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) with f8-coil and deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) with h1-coil in major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
baseline effective connectivity predicts response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with treatment-resistant depression.
adjunctive ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
trajectories of response to dorsolateral prefrontal rtms in major depression: a three-d study.
magnitude of reduction and speed of remission of suicidality for low amplitude seizure therapy (lap-st) compared to standard right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: a pilot double-blinded randomized clinical trial.
comparison of efficacy of ketamine versus thiopentone-assisted modified electroconvulsive therapy in major depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation increases serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor and decreases interleukin-1β and tumor necrosis factor-α in elderly patients with refractory depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with resting-state network targeting for treatment-resistant depression in traumatic brain injury: a randomized, controlled, double-blinded pilot study.
analgesic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on modified 2010 criteria-diagnosed fibromyalgia: pilot study.
accelerated rtms as a treatment for post-stroke depression in the subacute phase: an rct.
brain stimulation in child and adolescent psychiatry.
randomized controlled trial of transcranial magnetic stimulation in pregnant women with major depressive disorder.
treatment resistant depression with partial effect of electroconvulsive treatment achieving long lasting remission with dorsomedial prefrontal intermittent theta-burst stimulation – a case report.
theta-burst stimulation in major depression: clinical and neuroimaging results (should be attached to symposium “transdiagnostic theta burst stimulation - the future is now” by dr noah philip).
transcranial direct current stimulation for acute major depressive episodes: an updated meta-analysis of individual patient data.
ect seizure parameter modulation with bupropion: a pilot study.
effective factors of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: meta-(regression) analysis.
eeg oscillations response to dual-target rtms therapy of parkinson disease and co-occuring depression.
clinical outcomes with intermittent theta burst versus high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression: a three-d report.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation rapidly attenuates suicide ideation in major depression: insights from brain perfusion and functional connectivity.
dorsomedial prefrontal rtms as a treatment for treatment-resistant depression: a 3-arm, sham-controlled trial.
personalized rtms reduce functional brain anomalies in resistant depression while classical rtms and tdcs have no effect: preliminary results.
supplementary motor area low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in addition to left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex theta burst stimulation to enhance effectiveness of refractory depression treatment.
bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in older adults with depression.
magnitude of reduction & speed of remission of suicidality for low amplitude seizure therapy (lap-st) compared to standard right unilateral ect.
the effect of intermittent theta-burst stimulation on the depressed brain: a sham controlled study with near-infrared spectroscopy.
open trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in youth with treatment-resistant major depression.
a two-site, open-label, non-randomized update, suggests focal electrically administered seizure therapy (feast) may have a reduced time to re-orientation compared to right unilateral ultra-brief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ubp-rul ect).
alpha-synchronized stimulation of the left dlpfc in depression using real-time eeg-triggered tms.
nmda receptor-dependent synaptic plasticity of rtms.
recent developments in non-invasive brain stimulation for adolescents with major depressive disorder.
functional connectivity changes with targeted rtms of the dorsal attention network in tbi-associated depression.
side effects trajectories in rtms treatment for depression: 10 hz vs. intermittent theta-burst stimulation.
depressive symptoms reduction following intermittent theta burst stimulation over dorsomedial prefrontal cortex is related to resting-state connectivity modulation: preliminary findings from a double blinded sham controlled trial.
accelerated tms for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
predictors of response to synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder.
crossover to bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a potential strategy when patients are not responding to unilateral left-sided high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
intermittent theta burst stimulation to relieve depression and executive function impairment in older adults.
administration of sub-anesthetic dose of ketamine and electroconvulsive treatment on alternate week days in patients with treatment resistant depression: a double blind placebo controlled trial.
electroconvulsive therapy (ect) vs. ketamine in patients with treatment-resistant depression: the elekt-d study protocol.
role of the prefrontal cortex in pain processing.
effectiveness of the prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognitive profiles in depression, schizophrenia, and alzheimer's disease: a systematic review.
durability of antidepressant response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: systematic review and meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressants for major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
(no) rtms in non-treatment refractory patients with depression: findings from a meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) versus antidepressants as an add-on treatment for depression in schizophrenia.
p.3.28 individual prediction of electroconvulsive therapy response using multicenter neuroimaging data: for gemric consortium.
segregation of salience network predicts treatment response of depression to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials over 2 decades.
the efficacy of miniaturized repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression.
transcranial direct-current stimulation (tdcs) versus venlafaxine er in the treatment of depression: a randomized, double-blind, single-center study with open-label, follow-up.
target determination for transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with a pharmacotherapy-resistant depressive episode based on the individual parameters of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (a pilot blind controlled trial).
a non-inferiority framework for cost-effectiveness analysis.
cost-utility analysis of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression in ontario.
influence of depressed patients’ expectations prior to electroconvulsive therapy on its effectiveness and tolerability (exp-ect): a prospective study.
psychotherapyplus: augmentation of cognitive behavioral therapy (cbt) with prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in major depressive disorder—study design and methodology of a multicenter double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial.
neurocognitive effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with a 2-coil device in treatment-resistant major depressive disorder.
concomitant transcranial direct current stimulation with ultrabrief electroconvulsive therapy: a 2-week double-blind randomized sham-controlled trial.
bifrontal active and sham rtms in treatment-resistant unipolar major depression.
pre-treatment attentional processing speed and antidepressant response to transcranial direct current stimulation: results from an international randomized controlled trial.
electroconvulsive therapy for older adult patients with major depressive disorder: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
decreasing treatment duration of electroconvulsive therapy (ect) using daily right unilateral ultrabrief instead of bitemporal ect.
accelerated itbs treatment in depressed patients differentially modulates reward system activity based on anhedonia.
association of the loudness dependence of auditory evoked potentials with clinical changes to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression.
the effectiveness of bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in anhedonia among patient with major depressive disorder: a pilot study.
ketamine anesthesia does not improve depression scores in electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy, tolerability, and cognitive effects of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for late-life depression: a prospective randomized controlled trial.
current status of cognitive remediation for psychiatric disorders: a review.
response and remission rates following high-frequency vs. low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) over right dlpfc for treating major depressive disorder (mdd): a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind trials.
effects of prefrontal theta-burst stimulation on brain function in treatment-resistant depression: a randomized sham-controlled neuroimaging study.
efficacy and acceptability of non-invasive brain stimulation for the treatment of adult unipolar and bipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised sham-controlled trials.
ketamine in electroconvulsive therapy for depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
transcranial direct current stimulation in psychiatric disorders: a comprehensive review.
right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy does not cause more cognitive impairment than pharmacologic treatment in treatment-resistant bipolar depression: a 6-month randomized controlled trial follow-up study.
transcranial direct current stimulation in the acute depressive episode: a systematic review of current knowledge.
effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on treatment-resistant major depression in us veterans: a randomized clinical trial.
international society for ect and neurostimulation annual meeting abstracts 2018.
plasma biomarkers in a placebo-controlled trial comparing tdcs and escitalopram efficacy in major depression.
effect of electroconvulsive therapy on neural response to affective pictures: a randomized, sham-controlled fmri study.
ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy: so happy together?.
cognitive effects of transcranial direct current stimulation treatment in patients with major depressive disorder: an individual patient data meta-analysis of randomised, sham-controlled trials.
prospective validation that subgenual connectivity predicts antidepressant efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation sites.
cost-effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy vs pharmacotherapy/psychotherapy for treatment-resistant depression in the united states.
erratum: effectiveness of theta burst versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression (three-d): a randomised non-inferiority trial (the lancet (2018) 391(10131) (1683–1692) (s0140673618302952) (10.1016/s0140-6736(18)30295-2)).
left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex rtms in alleviating mtbi related headaches and depressive symptoms.
accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression.
ketamine-based anesthesia improves electroconvulsive therapy outcomes: a randomized-controlled study.
cognitive and neurophysiological recovery following electroconvulsive therapy: a study protocol.
a pilot study of the comparative efficacy of 100 hz magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in persistent depression.
exploring alternative rtms strategies in non-responders to standard high frequency left-sided treatment: a switching study.
changes in brain connectivity during a sham-controlled, transcranial magnetic stimulation trial for depression.
electroconvulsive therapy in the continuation and maintenance treatment of depression: systematic review and meta-analyses.
a systematic review and meta-analysis of deep brain stimulation for depression.
clinical results from the theta burst versus high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation effectiveness evaluation in depression (three-d) randomized non-inferiority trial.
anterior cingulate cortex connectivity and treatment response prediction to rtms in depression.
resting-state fmri predictors and mechanisms of rtms treatment response: neuroimaging results of the three-d study.
concurrent antidepressant use is not associated with different rtms treatment outcomes for major depressive disorder in a sham-controlled trial.
resting-state eeg source analysis in depressed patients treated with electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation rapidly attenuates depressive symptoms and suicide ideation in major depression: insights from brain perfusion and functional connectivity.
speed of remission of suicidality for low amplitude seizure therapy (lap-st) versus right unilateral ultra-brief ect.
effect of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on corticol excitability in patients with major depression.
bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation decreases suicidal ideation in depression.
effectiveness of theta burst versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression (three-d): a randomised non-inferiority trial.
erythropoietin as an add-on treatment for cognitive side effects of electroconvulsive therapy: a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
testing cortical rtms targets to improve psychomotor slowing in schizophrenia and major depression in a randomized, double-blind, placebocontrolled trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation of 20- and 30-minutes combined with sertraline for the treatment of depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation in depression and psychosis: a systematic review.
neural response after a single ect session during retrieval of emotional self-referent words in depression: a randomized, sham-controlled fmri study.
a systematic review and meta-analysis on placebo response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression trials.
vascular risk factors in older patients with depression: outcome of electroconvulsive therapy versus medication.
effects of continuation electroconvulsive therapy on quality of life in elderly depressed patients: a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation as an add-on treatment for bipolar depression: a randomized clinical trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression after basal ganglia ischaemic stroke: protocol for a multicentre randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
a novel dual-channel deep transcranial magnetic stimulator for major depressive disorder.
international randomized-controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation in depression.
safety and preliminary efficacy of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in ms-related fatigue.
efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using an h1-coil or figure-8-coil in the treatment of unipolar major depressive disorder: a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
comparative efficacy and acceptability of interventions for major depression in older persons: protocol for bayesian network meta-analysis.
the use of mr‑less mni based neuronavigation for 10 hz rtms depression therapy: electrophysiological and clinical implications.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation in major depression induces decreases in modularity: a connectome analysis.
the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) on improvement of mental health and clinical parameters in hemodialysis patients-pilot study.
prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) as treatment for major depression: study design and methodology of a multicenter triple blind randomized placebo controlled trial (depressiondc).
a randomized, sham-controlled study of maintenance rtms for treatment-resistant depression (trd).
peripheral blood microrna and vegfa mrna changes following electroconvulsive therapy: implications for psychotic depression.
treatment of bipolar depression with deep tms: results from a double-blind, randomized, parallel group, sham-controlled clinical trial.
clustered repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the prevention of depressive relapse/recurrence: a randomized controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with venlafaxine for major depressive disorder with comorbid anxiety and insomnia: a controlled polysomnographic and diffusion mri study.
cognitive enhancing effects of rtms administered to the prefrontal cortex in patients with depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of individual task effects.
safety and efficacy of theta-burst stimulation in the treatment of psychiatric disorders: a review of the literature.
modulation of oscillatory synchrony as a biomarker for treatment outcome in major depressive disorder.
does ketamine anesthesia during electroconvulsive therapy offer efficacy advantages over standard methohexital anesthesia? a randomized pilot study.
safety and acceptability of transcranial direct current stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes: analysis of individual patient data.
single-session transcranial direct current stimulation induces enduring enhancement of visual processing speed in patients with major depression.
subgenual anterior cingulate–medial orbitofrontal functional connectivity in medication-resistant major depression: a neurobiological marker for accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation treatment?.
non-invasive brain stimulation for the treatment of depression: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised, sham-controlled trials.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treatment-resistant major depression (trmd) veteran patients: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
rtms with a two-coil array: safety and efficacy for treatment resistant major depressive disorder.
episodic memory following deep brain stimulation of the ventral anterior limb of the internal capsule and electroconvulsive therapy.
corrigendum to “psychological intervention combined with direct electrical brain stimulation (pin-codes) for treating major depression: a pre-test, post-test, follow-up pilot study” [neurol. psychiatry brain res. 25 (2017) 15–23] (s094195001730012x) (10.1016/j.npbr.2017.05.003).
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with resting-state network targeting for depression in traumatic brain injury.
the role of patient expectancy and social desirability in treatment outcomes of electroconvulsive therapy for depression: an assessment of placebo effects in the current practice of electroconvulsive therapy.
effects of electroconvulsive therapy on amygdala function in major depression - a longitudinal functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
randomized controlled trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with paroxetine for the treatment of patients with first-episode major depressive disorder.
transcranial direct-current stimulation (tdcs) for bipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
efficacy of theta burst stimulation (tbs) for major depression: an exploratory meta-analysis of randomized and sham-controlled trials.
61% of unmedicated treatment resistant depression patients who did not respond to acute tms treatment responded after four weeks of twice weekly deep tms in the brainsway pivotal trial.
management of depression in parkinson's disease: a systematic review.
low-intensity transcranial current stimulation in psychiatry.
beyond home use medical device: transcranial direct current stimulation combined with digital healthcare.
a comparison of dexmedetomidine with propofol versus esmolol with propofol to attenuate the hemodynamic stress responses after electroconvulsive therapy.
trial of electrical direct-current therapy versus escitalopram for depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation for depression in alzheimer's disease: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
the impact of melatonin on the alleviation of cognitive impairment during electroconvulsive therapy: a double-blind controlled trial.
adjunctive ketamine in electroconvulsive therapy: updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
ketamine as the anaesthetic for electroconvulsive therapy: the kanect randomised controlled trial.
individualized connectome mapping to target rtms for treatment-resistant depression in traumatic brain injury.
hippocampal volume changes following electroconvulsive therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
right unilateral ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy for geriatric depression: results of the pride study.
baseline resting-state fmri biomarkers of depression response to dlpfc-rtms: different patterns of functional connectivity predict response to 10 hz rtms and intermittant tbs.
bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) decreases suicidality in adults with treatment resistant depression.
repetitive brain stimulation induces long-term plasticity across patient populations and spatial scales.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation in unipolar and bipolar depression: results from an international randomized controlled trial.
controlled clinical trial of magnetic seizure therapy (mst) and ect: a medication-free study.
effect of rtms on resting-state functional con-nectivity in patients with major depression.
neurocognitive predictors of antidepressant efficacy to transcranial direct current stimulation: results from an international randomized controlled trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation of the default mode network can modulate mind-wandering behavior after negative emotional information.
neurocognitive effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in unipolar and bipolar depression: results from an international randomized controlled trial.
neural, cognitive, and clinical effects of prefrontal cortex stimulation in depression combined with psychological therapy: a double-blind randomized controlled trial.
non-invasive brain stimulation in parkinson's disease: exploiting crossroads of cognition and mood.
pharmacological and psychotherapeutic interventions for management of post-stroke depression: a bayesian network meta-analysis of 27 randomized controlled trials.
corticospinal excitability predicts antidepressant response to rtms.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of post-stroke depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
key updates in the clinical application of electroconvulsive therapy.
comparative efficacy and acceptability of electroconvulsive therapy versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: a systematic review and multiple-treatments meta-analysis.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the left dlpfc for major depression: session-dependent efficacy: a meta-analysis.
treatment-emergent mania/hypomania during antidepressant treatment with transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
assert trial – how to assess the safety and efficacy of a high frequency rtms in postpartum depression ? a multicenter, double blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
effect of antipsychotic pharmacotherapy on clinical outcomes of intermittent theta-burst stimulation for refractory depression.
cortico-cortical and cortico-striatal resting-state functional connectivity differentially predicts response to 10 hz rtms and intermittent tbs to the dlpfc.
behavioural and neurophysiological effects of transcranial electrical stimulation (tes) in healthy and depressed individuals: a tms-eeg study.
rtms in depression-accelerating response to therapy.
preliminary results from a randomized sham-controlled trial of augmentative neuro-navigated right-dorsolateral prefrontal cortex low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for antidepressant non-responding bipolar depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) side effect characterization for treatment resistant depression: non-inferiority rtms trial.
response to high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is unaffected by number of treatment sessions in major depression: a systematic meta-analysis of randomized, sham-controlled trials.
low-field synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of depression: results from an openlabel extension study.
comparing depression severity after high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) with h1-coil vs. figure-of-eight (f8)-coil in unipolar major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
brain influences of accelerated rtms in major depression.
designing a transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) device and its clinical certification through a randomized double-blind controlled trial in depressive patients.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the prevention of depressive relapse/recurrence: an assessor blind, randomized controlled trial.
synergistic effects of ketamine and theta burst stimulation in the treatment of major depressive disorder (mdd).
the relationship between the individual alpha frequency (iaf) and response to synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depressive disorder (mdd).
the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of left dlpfc with personalized targeting in major depression: preliminary results of pseudo-randomised study.
predictors of clinical response to deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) in unipolar major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
clinically-relevant outcomes of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) in unipolar major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
duration of antidepressant response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a meta-analysis.
design of the theta burst versus high frequency rtms effectiveness evaluation in depression (three-d) noninferiority trial.
systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials of bitemporal versus high-dose right unilateral ect for depression.
how brief should brief be? an update on ultrabrief pulse ect.
in search of optimal site for 10 hz rtms depression treatment: a clinical and physiological comparison.
ketamine in electroconvulsive therapy.
evidence for using rtms among older adults with psychiatric disorders: a systematic review.
transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of post-stroke depression: results from a randomised, sham-controlled, double-blinded trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes a systematic review with network meta-analysis.
twice weekly dtms monotherapy is effective in maintaining acute-phase responders and improving the response rate for trd patients.
bitemporal v. high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for alleviating clinical symptoms and suicidal ideation in elderly depressive patients: a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of intermittent theta burst stimulation (itbs) and 10-hz high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in treatment-resistant unipolar depression: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
effect of low dose of ketamine on learning memory function in patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy-a randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical study.
two versus one high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation session per day for treatment-resistant depression.
effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation on the cognitive control of emotion: potential antidepressant mechanisms.
efficacy, safety and tolerability of augmentative rtms in treatment of major depressive disorder (mdd): a prospective cohort study in croatia.
neural connectivity of treatment resistant mood disorders.
is electroconvulsive therapy for depression more effective than placebo? a systematic review of studies since 2009.
electroconvulsive therapy modulates plasma pigment epithelium-derived factor in depression: a proteomics study.
transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: recent findings and perspectives.
rtms in elderly patients.
psychotherapyplus: augmentation of cognitive behavioral therapy (cbt) with prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in major depressive disorder: study design and methodology of a multicenter double-blind randomized placebo controlled trial.
design and methods of an ongoing randomized controlled study of tdcs in major depression: the depressiondc trial.
the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on cognitive control and emotion regulation in depressed patients.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) as treatment for major depression: a prospective multicenter double blind randomized placebo controlled trial (depressiondc)-early quality control of technical data from a blind selection of active tdcs sessions.
a multimodal investigation on the biological markers associated with the antidepressant effects of transcranial direct current stimulation.
the impact of accelerated hf-rtms on neurochemicals in major depression: insights from 1h mr spectroscopy.
imagery guided personalized robotic rtms in depression: preliminary results of a feasibility study.
clinical application of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) in neuropsychiatric disorders: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
transcranial magnetic stimulation has different short-term efficacy on different major depressive disorder symptoms: a nested prospective cohort study in croatia.
efficacy and tolerability of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with and without the brainsway h1-coil in treatment of major depressive disorder: presentation of the protocol and interim analysis.
a randomized controlled trial of rtms augmentation in depression.
health related quality of life after ect for depression: a study exploring the role of different electrode-placements and pulse-widths.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression due to cerebrovascular disease: a systematic review.
electroconvulsive therapy modulates neural response to emotional faces in depressed patients: a randomized controlled fmri study.
neurocognitive effects of combined electroconvulsive therapy and venlafaxine in elderly adults with major depressive disorder.
motor cortical excitability as a biological predictor and mediator of depression improvement.
transcranial magnetic stimulation affects intrinsic connectivity networks in depression.
right unilateral ultrabrief pulse ect in geriatric depression: phase 1 of the pride study.
a novel strategy for continuation ect in geriatric depression: phase 2 of the pride study.
study design and methodology for a multicentre, randomised controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation as a treatment for unipolar and bipolar depression.
the effect of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on occupational stress among health care workers: a pilot study.
treating clinical depression with repetitive deep transcranial magnetic stimulation using the brainsway h1-coil.
effects of hesel-coil deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression – a systematic review.
an overview on clinical aspects in magnetic seizure therapy.
effects of smoking status and madrs retardation factor on response to low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression.
effect of memantine on cognitive status in geriatrics under electroconvulsive therapy, a double-blind randomized clinical trial.
psychosis is different-microrna and vegfa changes in depression treated with ect.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation for suicide risk in therapy-resistant depressed patients: a randomized, sham-controlled trial.
mood and neuropsychological effects of different doses of ketamine in electroconvulsive therapy for treatment-resistant depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for generalised anxiety disorder: a pilot randomised, double-blind, sham-controlled trial.
frontostriatal connectivity changes in major depressive disorder after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a randomized sham-controlled study.
electroconvulsive therapy in the maintenance treatment of depressive disorders: systematic review and meta-analysis.
comparison of tms outcomes in complex major depressive disorder: brainsway and neurostar.
does therapeutic repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation cause cognitive enhancing effects in patients with neuropsychiatric conditions? a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
cognitive effects of bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of major depression in elderly patients a randomized, controlled trial.
expanded safety and efficacy data for a new method of performing electroconvulsive therapy focal electrically administered seizure therapy.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation treatment in medication-resistant major depression: a fast road to remission?.
a negative double-blind controlled trial of sequential bilateral rtms in the treatment of bipolar depression.
effect of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on major depressive disorder in patients with parkinson’s disease.
unilateral and bilateral mri-targeted repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatmentresistant depression: a randomized controlled study.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve depression in parkinson's disease: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
transcranial direct current stimulation for acute major depressive episodes: meta-analysis of individual patient data.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for the treatment of post-stroke depression: results from a randomized, sham-controlled, double-blinded trial.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation vs fluoxetine on sleep quality and insomnia in patients with major depression.
electroconvulsive therapy (ect) and aerobic exercise training (aet) increased plasma bdnf and ameliorated depressive symptoms in patients suffering from major depressive disorder.
different forms of prefrontal theta burst stimulation for executive function of medication- resistant depression: evidence from a randomized sham-controlled study.
bitemporal versus high-dose unilateral twice-weekly electroconvulsive therapy for depression (effect-dep): a pragmatic, randomized, non-inferiority trial.
premedication effect of dexmedetomidine and alfentanil on seizure time, recovery duration, and hemodynamic responses in electroconvulsive therapy.
can medication free, treatment-resistant, depressed patients who initially respond to tms be maintained off medications? a prospective, 12-month multisite randomized pilot study.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
the efficacy of unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant late-life depression.
structural plasticity of the hippocampus and amygdala induced by electroconvulsive therapy in major depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for depression: results of nearly a decade of clinical research.
exploring the efficacy of a 5-day course of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) on depression and memory function in patients with well-controlled temporal lobe epilepsy.
randomized pilot study of two maintenance strategies of neurostar transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with major depression.
unanswered questions in the transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment of patients with depression.
transcranial stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex prevents stress-induced working memory deficits.
cognition-modulated frontal activity in prediction and augmentation of antidepressant efficacy: a randomized controlled pilot study.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in clinical practice.
non-pharmacological somatic treatments for bipolar depression.
a randomized sham-controlled study of transcranial direct current stimulation in depression.
high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve the quality of life and depression in parkinson's disease: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
associations between distinct patterns of reward circuitry function and impulsive sensation seeking provide novel neural targets for transcranial direct current stimulation as an intervention to reduce risk-taking behaviors.
comparing the effects of an index course of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy on quality of life.
expanded safety and feasibility data for a new method of performing electroconvulsive therapy (ect). focal electrically administered seizure therapy (feast).
connectivity analysis of eeg in depressed patients receiving electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure.
the impact of age on cognitive deficits following ect for depression-results from the effect-dep trial.
a systematic review for the antidepressant effects of sleep deprivation with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
challenging treatment-resistant major depressive disorder: a roadmap for improved therapeutics.
comparative efficacy of ketamine and other pharmacological and somatic interventions in adult patients with treatment-resistant depression: a network meta-analysis.
study protocol for the randomised controlled trial: ketamine augmentation of ect to improve outcomes in depression (ketamine-ect study).
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in the treatment of depression: systematic review and meta-analysis of efficacy and tolerability.
abnormal anterior cingulate n-acetylaspartate and executive functioning in treatment-resistant depression after rtms therapy.
the impact of anesthetic agent on treatment response to electroconvulsive therapy.
therapeutic efficacy of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in reducing major depressive disorder symptom severity in patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in a naturalistic clinical setting using h-coil technology.
the effect-dep trial - a randomised trial of bitemporal and high-dose unilateral ect for depression (isrctn23577151).
efficacy and cognitive side effects of ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ntr1304).
cognitive-behavioural therapy as continuation treatment to sustain response after electroconvulsive therapy in depression (nct00437385).
a retrospective open-label study to compare antidepressant efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using two different devices.
sustained effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in moderate to severe depression.
plasma levels of soluble tnf receptors 1 and 2 after tdcs and sertraline treatment in major depression: results from the select-tdcs trial.
neuromodulation therapies for geriatric depression.
relapse and long-term cognitive performance after brief pulse or ultrabrief pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: a multicenter naturalistic follow up.
efficacy of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression in parkinson's disease.
a preliminary evaluation of the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treating a depressive episode in bipolar ii disorder.
effects of ect in treatment of depression: study protocol for a prospective neuroradiological study of acute and longitudinal effects on brain structure and function.
transcranial direct current stimulation for major depression: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
can we use brain oscillations to guide treatment of mdd?.
investigating the predictive value of subgenual cingulate cortex activity in beneficial clinical outcome in patients with major depression receiving accelerated hf-rtms.
2-coil array rtms for treatment resistant major depression: results from the cervel sham-controlled feasibility study.
a randomized pilot study of maintenance neurostar transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in patients with major depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation and resting state connectivity in depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for the treatment of patients with secondary headache caused by recurrent unipolar nonpsychotic severe depressive disorder.
effects of sevoflurane or ketamine on the qtc interval during electroconvulsive therapy.
clinical efficacy of formula-based bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ect) in the treatment of major depression among elderly patients: a pragmatic, randomized, assessor-blinded, controlled trial.
age as a risk factor for predicting cognitive deficits following ect.
effects of electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy on acute memory retrieval.
transcranial electric stimulation and neurocognitive training in clinically depressed patients: a pilot study of the effects on rumination.
effectiveness and acceptability of accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder: an open label trial.
effect of a 10-day trigeminal nerve stimulation (tns) protocol for treating major depressive disorder: a phase ii, sham-controlled, randomized clinical trial.
durability of the antidepressant effect of the high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the absence of maintenance treatment in major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 16 double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trials.
theta-burst stimulation: a new form of tms treatment for depression?.
bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the acute treatment of poor responder depressed patients: a comparison study between high and low frequency stimulation.
assessment of non-bdnf neurotrophins and gdnf levels after depression treatment with sertraline and transcranial direct current stimulation in a factorial, randomized, sham-controlled trial (select-tdcs): an exploratory analysis.
preliminary assessment of the therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (ctbs) in major depression: a double-blind sham-controlled study.
treatment-resistant bipolar depression: a randomized controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy versus algorithm-based pharmacological treatment.
speed of remission in elderly patients with depression: electroconvulsive therapy v. medication.
bilateral prefrontal rtms and theta burst tms as an add-on treatment for depression: a randomized placebo controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: a prospective multicenter randomized controlled trial.
the impact of accelerated hf-rtms on the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex in refractory unipolar major depression: insights from <sup>18</sup>fdg pet brain imaging.
pilot study of feasibility of the effect of treatment with tdcs in patients suffering from treatment-resistant depression treated with escitalopram.
issues encountered in recent attempts to develop novel antidepressant agents.
qeeg theta cordance in the prediction of treatment outcome to prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation or venlafaxine er in patients with major depressive disorder.
a randomized controlled trial of brief and ultrabrief pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
efficacy and safety of low-field synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
the escitalopram versus electric current therapy for treating depression clinical study (elect-tdcs): rationale and study design of a non-inferiority, triple-arm, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression in adult and youth populations: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
investigating the synergistic effects of transcranial direct current stimulation and cranial electrical stimulation in treatment of major depression in a double blinded controlled trial.
update on neuromodulation for treatment-resistant depression.
dual arm randomized pilot study of maintenance neurostar transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in patients with major depression-interim analysis.
antidepressant effect of combined ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy on patients with major depressive disorder: a randomized trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation in psychiatry - update 2015.
a systematic review and meta-analysis of brief vs ultrabrief right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for depression.
efficacy, relaps and cognitive side effects after brief pulse and ultrabrief pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive the for major depression: a randomised double blind controlled study.
dorsomedial prefrontal rtms for major depression: safety, tolerability, and effectiveness for 10 hz versus itbs 185 in consecutive cases.
intermittent theta-burst versus 10 hz left dorsolateral prefrontal rtms for treatment resistant depression: preliminary results from a two-site, randomized, single blind noninferiority trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) effects on depression, negative symptoms and cognition in schizophrenia.
tms is a cost effective alternative to antidepressant medication in pharmacoresistant major depression: a propensity-score matched health economic analysis.
reduction of pain-related symptoms with transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) treatment in depressed patients.
transcranial magnetic stimulation: antidepressant efficacy and three-month follow-up.
retraining the brain to beat depression: tdcs and cognitive control training.
non invasive brain stimulation therapy restores neuroplasticity in depression.
a randomized controlled comparison of neuro-navigated unilateral vs sequential bilateral rtms for treatment resistant depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) to remediate cognitive function in euthymic bipolar disorder patients.
the efficacy and safety of accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressive disorder: singleblind, randomized study.
the role of co-morbid personality pathology in the outcome of electroconvulsive therapy in major depression.
augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depressive episode with poor drug-response: a comparative study between different protocols of high and low frequency stimulation.
the key role of the subgenual cingulate cortex in refractory unipolar major depression and accelerated hf-rtms.
safety and efficacy of synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder.
the relationship between treatment parameters and efficacy with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression: a meta-analytic study.
frontal mst for treatment resistant depression.
rtms using summation of electromagnetic fields from a two-coil array: efficacy for treatment resistant major depressive disorder.
the differential effects of an index course of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy on autobiographical memory specificity.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an augmentative strategy for treatment-resistant depression, a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled study.
efficacy of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression in parkinson's disease: a randomized sham-controlled study.
bilateral vs. unilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treating major depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for treatment of major depression during pregnancy: study protocol for a pilot randomized controlled trial.
the efficacy and safety of low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: the results from a large multicenter french rct.
verbal fluency as a predictor of retrograde autobiographical memory after electroconvulsive therapy.
augmentative transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in poor responder depressed patients: a follow-up study.
cognitive control therapy and transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: a randomized, double-blinded, controlled trial.
modulation of cortical activity by transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with affective disorder.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (ctbs) in major depression: a double-blind sham-controlled study.
more female patients and fewer stimuli per session are associated with the short-term antidepressant properties of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms): a meta-analysis of 54 sham-controlled studies published between 1997-2013.
tdcs as a monotherapy for depression: results from a randomized clinical trial and follow-up study.
tdcs as an add-on therapy: the augmentative role of tdcs for the treatment of depression.
ultrabrief right unilateral ect in geriatric depression: antidepressant and cognitive outcomes.
effectiveness of synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
different regimens of intravenous sedatives or hypnotics for electroconvulsive therapy (ect) in adult patients with depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation for major depression: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
comparison between high and low frequency repetitive tms in the acute treatment of drug-resistant major depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment studies in depression and anxiety disorders.
differential effect of three electrode placements in older vs younger patients with severe depression treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ect).
rapid antidepressant effects of repeated doses of ketamine compared with electroconvulsive therapy in hospitalized patients with major depressive disorder.
treatment of major depression with bilateral theta burst stimulation: a randomized controlled pilot trial.
sevoflurane/remifentanil versus propofol/remifentanil for electroconvulsive therapy: comparison of seizure duration and haemodynamic responses.
comparison of blinding effectiveness between sham tdcs and placebo sertraline in a 6-week major depression randomized clinical trial.
a pilot study of the use of eeg-based synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
differential improvement in depressive symptoms for tdcs alone and combined with pharmacotherapy: an exploratory analysis from the sertraline vs. electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical study.
a systematic review and meta-analysis of trials of treatment of depression from india.
concurrent cognitive control training augments the antidepressant efficacy of tdcs: a pilot study.
accelerated hf-rtms in treatment-resistant unipolar depression: insights from subgenual anterior cingulate functional connectivity.
can transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) alleviate symptoms and improve cognition in psychiatric disorders?.
efficacy of prefrontal theta-burst stimulation in refractory depression: a randomized sham-controlled study.
cognitive effects of treatment of depression with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
transcutaneous vagus and trigeminal nerve stimulation for neuropsychiatric disorders: a systematic review.
induction of a depression-like negativity bias by cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation.
enhancement of affective processing induced by bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with major depression.
antidepressant efficacy of high and low frequency rtms at 110% of motor threshold versus sham stimulation over left prefrontal cortex.
cytokines plasma levels during antidepressant treatment with sertraline and transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs): results from a factorial, randomized, controlled trial.
improvement in quality of life with left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with pharmacoresistant major depression: acute and six month outcomes.
low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the right prefrontal cortex combined with partial sleep deprivation in treatment-resistant depression: a randomized sham-controlled trial.
no change in neuropsychological functioning after receiving repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment for major depression.
bdnf plasma levels after antidepressant treatment with sertraline and transcranial direct current stimulation: results from a factorial, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
a two-site pilot randomized 3 day trial of high dose left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for suicidal inpatients.
impact of two or less missing treatment sessions on tdcs clinical efficacy: results from a factorial, randomized, controlled trial in major depression.
a systematic review of the clinical relevance of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
electroconvulsive therapy and aerobic exercise training increased bdnf and ameliorated depressive symptoms in patients suffering from treatment-resistant major depressive disorder.
response, remission and drop-out rates following high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treating major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials.
high frequency left-side repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for replacing treatment of depression by electroconvulsive therapy: a meta analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depressive disorder - a randomized, single-blind, antidepressants-controlled study.
the acute effects of accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on suicide risk in unipolar depression: preliminary results.
the efficacy and safety of low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: the results from a large multicenter french rct.
transcranial brain stimulation techniques for major depression: should we extend tms lessons to tdcs?.
the effect of electroconvulsive therapy on neurocognitive function in treatment-resistant bipolar disorder depression.
left versus right repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treating major depression: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of medication resistant major depressive disorder: a systematic review protocol.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: a meta-analysis of stimulus parameter effects.
autobiographical and subjective memory with right unilateral high-dose 0.3-millisecond ultrabrief-pulse and 1-millisecond brief-pulse electroconvulsive therapy: a double-blind, randomized controlled trial.
a two-site pilot study suggests that three days (9 sessions) of high dose left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) is feasible, safe, and reduces suicidal thinking in suicidal inpatients.
the effects of an index course of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy on verbal learning and memory.
postictal eeg suppression during early course of ect (electroconvulsive therapy) predicts clinical improvement in bipolar disorder.
dose-remission of pulsating electromagnetic fields as augmentation in therapy-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind controlled study.
impact of 5-httlpr and bdnf polymorphisms on response to sertraline versus transcranial direct current stimulation: implications for the serotonergic system.
the painfulness of active, but not sham, transcranial magnetic stimulation decreases rapidly over time: results from the double-blind phase of the opt-tms trial.
relapse following successful electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: a meta-analysis.
intensive hf-rtms treatment in refractory medication-resistant unipolar depressed patients.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the prevention of relapse of depression: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
equivalent beneficial effects of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in a large randomized trial in treatment-resistant major depression.
heart rate variability is a trait marker of major depressive disorder: evidence from the sertraline vs electric current therapy to treat depression clinical study.
maintenance transcranial magnetic stimulation reduces depression relapse: a propensity-adjusted analysis.
treating pharmacoresistant depression in psychogeriatry-should electroconvulsive therapy or intravenous seropram be used?.
is ect effective when used in cases of vascular depression?.
deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve depression and fatigue in multiple sclerosis: results from a clinical phase 1/2a study.
combined left-and right-prefrontal rtms in depression: theta-burst vs. tonic rtms vs. sham stimulation.
modulation of healthy and disturbed cognitive control with transcranial direct current stimulation.
therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (ctbs) in major depression. a double-blind shamcontrolled study.
rtms in the management of depression subtypes-an analysis of 160 cases.
efficacy of ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy for depression: a systematic review.
serum levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor are unchanged after transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment-resistant depression.
prefrontal cortical blood flow predicts response of depression to rtms.
effects on cognitive function in treatment resistant bipolar depression: ect compared to algorithm based pharmacological treatment.
deep transcranial magnet stimulation improves depression and fatigue in multiple sclerosis.
electroconvulsive therapy (ect) versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in pharmacoresistant drug-free patients with unipolar non-psychotic chronic and severe depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for depression: analysis of response using a three-factor structure of the montgomery-åsberg depression rating scale.
the sertraline versus electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical study (select-tdcs): results of the crossover and follow-up phases.
world federation of societies of biological psychiatry (wfsbp) guidelines for biological treatment of unipolar depressive disorders, part 1: update 2013 on the acute and continuation treatment of unipolar depressive disorders.
acute antidepressant effects of right unilateral ultra-brief ect: a double-blind randomised controlled trial.
efficacy and acceptability of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) versus electroconvulsive therapy (ect) for major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
what is the role of brain stimulation therapies in the treatment of depression? topical collection on mood disorders.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression during pregnancy.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treating major depression and schizophrenia: a systematic review of recent meta-analyses.
low-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ect) effectiveness of the first treatment.
risk-benefit & decision analyses of electroconvulsive therapy (ect) in treatment refractory depression.
treatment resistant bipolar depression: a randomized controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy and algorithm based pharmacological treatment.
improvement in depression ratings after the first electroconvulsive therapy (ect): preliminary data from phase i of the pride study.
randomized controlled trial assessing the efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder in pregnancy.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the assessment of motor cortex excitability and treatment of drug-resistant major depression.
acceleration of treatment response utilizing concurrent triiodothyronine with right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in patients with treatment resistant depression.
deep transcranial magentic stimualtion for the treatment of major depression: a large multi center study.
cognition-engineered enhancement of anterior cingulate function in boosting antidepressant efficacy: a randomized controlled pilot study.
a randomized, blinded, sham, controlled crossover pilot study of transcranial magnetic stimulation for bipolar depression.
safety and therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (ctbs) in major depression: a double-blind sham-controlled study.
tms in therapy of depressions - the problem of determining the area to be stimulated, i.e., a few words about the anatomy of depressive disorders.
amelioration of cognitive control in depression by transcranial direct current stimulation.
superior antidepressant effect occurring 1 month after rtms: add-on rtms for subjects with medication-resistant depression.
acute working memory improvement after tdcs in antidepressant-free patients with major depressive disorder.
electroconvulsive therapy, the placebo effect and informed consent.
electroconvulsive therapy (ect) from the patient's perspective.
clinically meaningful efficacy and acceptability of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treating primary major depression: a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials.
effect of propofol versus sodium thiopental on electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder: a randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial.
efficacy of right unilateral ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ect): data from phase 1 of the pride study.
left dorsolateral prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms): sleep factor changes during treatment in patients with pharmacoresistant major depressive disorder.
randomized sham controlled trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for the treatment of panic disorder with comorbid major depression.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation accelerates and enhances the clinical response to antidepressants in major depression: a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, and sham-controlled trials.
the sertraline vs electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical study.
transcranial direct current stimulation and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in consultation-liaison psychiatry.
new brain stimulation methods in psychiatry: tdcs for the treatment of depression.
identifying brain imaging correlates of clinical response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression.
effects of lamotrigine on human motor cortex plasticity.
clinical utility of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for treating major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials.
poor health-related quality of life prior to ect in depressed patients normalizes with sustained remission after ect.
a systematic review and meta-analysis on the efficacy and acceptability of bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treating major depression.
equivalent brain spect perfusion changes underlying therapeutic efficiency in pharmacoresistant depression using either high-frequency left or low-frequency right prefrontal rtms.
low-vs high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an add-on treatment for refractory depression.
comparison of the neurocognitive effects between acute course magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy: a preliminary report.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on clinical, social, and cognitive performance in postpartum depression.
long-term efficacy of repeated daily prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in treatmnt-resistant depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and pharmacological treatment in patients with major depressive disorder.
a randomized double-blind sham-controlled comparison of unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant major depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation in the treatment of major depression: a meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: response factor.
ultra-high-frequency left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation as augmentation in severely ill patients with depression: a naturalistic sham-controlled, double-blind, randomized trial.
neuromodulation therapies and treatment-resistant depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment resistant depression: a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
a double blind randomized trial of unilateral left and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant major depression.
a randomized trial comparing repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation given 3 days/week and 5 days/week for the treatment of major depression: is efficacy related to the duration of treatment or the number of treatments?.
dorsomedial prefrontal rtms in major depression: safety, efficacy, and tolerability.
sertraline vs. electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical trial (select tdcs): results from a factorial, randomized, controlled trial.
ect attenuates the rapid antidepressant effect of ketamine.
ect efficacy and treatment course: a systematic review and meta-analysis of twice vs thrice weekly schedules.
systematic review and meta-analysis of bifrontal electroconvulsive therapy versus bilateral and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in depression.
can repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation prolong the antidepressant effects of sleep deprivation?.
efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy in bipolar versus unipolar major depression: a meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in combination with citalopram in young patients with first-episode major depressive disorder: a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
high-frequency rtms treatment increases white matter fa in the left middle frontal gyrus in young patients with treatment-resistant depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: 3-week, randomised, sham-controlled trial.
the combination of antidepressant drug therapy and high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant depression.
effect of etomidate versus thiopental on major depressive disorder in electroconvulsive therapy, a randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial.
theta-patterned, frequency-modulated priming stimulation enhances low-frequency, right prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in depression: a randomized, sham-controlled study.
comparison of antidepressant effects between brief and ultrabrief pulse unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: brief report of a randomized double-blind trial.
baseline brain metabolism in resistant depression and response to transcranial magnetic stimulation.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for the treatment of major depressive disorder, a randomized controlled clinical trial.
relapse rates in psychotic depression are lower than in non-psychotic depression after a successful course of electroconvulsive therapy (ect).
low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for major depressive disorder: a systematic review.
improving the antidepressant efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation: maximizing the number of stimulations and treatment location in treatment-resistant depression.
a randomised controlled study of ultra-brief electroconvulsive therapy at eight times seizure threshold.
the usefulness of qeeg and erps in predicting treatment outcome in adhd and depression.
the use of ect and mst in treating depression.
impact of dopamine and serotonine on plasticity in humans.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on hypothalamicpituitary-adrenal axis of patients with depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the management of mood disorders.
blinding success of rtms applied to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in randomised sham-controlled trials: a systematic review.
treatment of depression using sleep electroencephalogram modulated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
a randomized trial of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant major depression.
stimulus pulse-frequency-dependent efficacy and cognitive adverse effects of ultrabrief-pulse electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depression.
health-related quality of life in a clinical trial of ect followed by continuation pharmacotherapy: effects immediately after ect and at 24 weeks.
clinical trial design in non-invasive brain stimulation psychiatric research.
pharmacological versus electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant bipolar disorder depression: study protocol of a randomized controlled trial.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment of depression - question of placebo and warranting of blind conditions, as well as other methodological problems.
[repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressant medication in treatment of first-episode patients with major depression].
antidepressant effects, of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy, in treatment-resistant depression.
age predicts low-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation efficacy in major depression.
predictors of response to ultrabrief right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an augmenting strategy in severe treatment-resistant major depression: a prospective 4-week naturalistic trial.
low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation inferior to electroconvulsive therapy in treating depression.
fractional anisotropy changes after several weeks of daily left high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the prefrontal cortex to treat major depression.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis of patients with depression.
eeg synchronized tms for individualized therapy in major depressive disorder.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) of the prefrontal cortex in therapy-resistant depression: a double-blind, placebocontrolled study.
efficacy of repetitive cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation of the visual cortex in the prophylaxis of menstrual migraine.
effects of 3 different stimulus intensities of ultrabrief stimuli in right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in major depression: a randomized, double-blind pilot study.
combination of noninvasive brain stimulation with pharmacotherapy.
efficacy of adjunctive high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of left prefrontal cortex in depression: a randomized sham controlled study.
sertraline vs. electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical trial - select tdcs: design, rationale and objectives.
subgenual cingulate theta activity predicts treatment response of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in participants with vascular depression.
the neurostar tms device: conducting the fda approved protocol for treatment of depression.
evaluation of ect effectiveness in depressive disorders.
the efficacy of three electrode placements in older vs younger patients with severe depression treated with electroconvulsive therapy.
depressed patients accommodate to the painfulness of daily left prefrontal rtms: a replication study in a sham-controlled setting.
subcallosal cingulate deep brain stimulation for treatment-resistant unipolar and bipolar depression.
the impact of left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression in parkinson's disease: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
the effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy: a literature review.
durability of clinical benefit with transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in the treatment of pharmacoresistant major depression: assessment of relapse during a 6-month, multisite, open-label study.
increased sensitivity for angry faces in depressive disorder following 2 weeks of 2-hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the right parietal cortex.
comparison of efficacy and effect on memory in a randomised controlled trial of 6 times threshold brief pulse and ultra brief pulse right unilateral ect.
neuroanatomical correlates of therapeutic efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression.
longitudinal efficacy of tms treatment in depression.
left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patient with major depressive disorder, randomized sham controlled study.
adjunctive psychotropic medications during electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of depression, mania, and schizophrenia.
the impact of left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression in parkinson's disease: a randomized, double-blind, placebocontrolled study.
the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressive disorder partial remission.
transcranial low voltage pulsed electromagnetic fields in patients with treatment-resistant depression.
should we expand the toolbox of psychiatric treatment methods to include repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms)? a meta-analysis of the efficacy of rtms in psychiatric disorders.
a symptom-specific analysis of the effect of high-frequency left or low-frequency right transcranial magnetic stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in major depression.
electroconvulsive therapy is equally effective in unipolar and bipolar depression.
combined catecholamine and indoleamine depletion following response to ect.
the study protocol of the norwegian randomized controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant depression in bipolar disorder.
what can we learn about the placebo response in depression from recent multisite trials of brain stimulation techniques- transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) or vagus nerve stimulation (vns)?.
augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in medication resistant major depression.
daily left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy for major depressive disorder: a sham-controlled randomized trial.
unilateral low frequency versus sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: is simpler better for treatment of resistant depression?.
daily left prefrontal tms for major depression: a sham-controlled multi-site randomized trial (nih optimization of tms for depression study, opt-tms).
randomized trial of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant major depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for fibromyalgia.
efficacy of magnetic seizure therapy in depression.
differences in the antidepressant effect of right and left repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation assessed item by item with hamilton depression rating scale.
randomized comparison of ultra-brief bifrontal and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: cognitive side-effects.
influence of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on psychomotor symptoms in major depression.
canmat clinical guidelines for the use of neurostimulation therapies for the management of major depressive disorder in adults.
efficacy of frequency modulated priming with right prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in depression: a randomnised sham controlled study.
efficacy of frequency modulated priming with right prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in unipolar and bipolar depression: a randomized sham controlled study.
prolongation of qt interval induced by electroconvulsive therapy is attenuated by landiolol.
electroconvulsive therapy, practice and evidence.
bifrontal, bitemporal and right unilateral electrode placement in ect: randomised trial.
influence of prefrontal target region on the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with medication-resistant depression: a [18f]-fluorodeoxyglucose pet and mri study.
a double-blind, sham-controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of depression.
propofol interruption of ect seizure to reduce side-effects: a pilot study.
quantitative review of the efficacy of slow-frequency magnetic brain stimulation in major depressive disorder.
an endocrine perspective on the role of steroid hormones in the antidepressant treatment efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation.
the use of background eeg activity to determine stimulus timing as a means of improving rtms efficacy in the treatment of depression: a controlled comparison with standard techniques.
right and left dorsolateral pre-frontal rtms treatment of refractory depression: a randomized, sham-controlled trial.
high-frequency rtms treatment increases left prefrontal myo-inositol in young patients with treatment-resistant depression.
ect. a critical review of meta-analyses.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of psychiatric disorders.
low frequency (1-hz), right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) compared with venlafaxine er in the treatment of resistant depression: a double-blind, single-centre, randomized study.
canadian network for mood and anxiety treatments (canmat) clinical guidelines for the management of major depressive disorder in adults. iv. neurostimulation therapies.
the right-sided, low frequency (1 hz) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment of resistant depression compared with venlafaxine er. the results of the double-blind, randomized study.
translational development strategy for magnetic seizure therapy.
more lateral and anterior prefrontal coil location is associated with better repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation antidepressant response.
citalopram for continuation therapy after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in vascular depression.
bifrontal ect: a systematic review and meta-analysis of efficacy and cognitive impact.
effect of concomitant pharmacotherapy on electroconvulsive therapy outcomes: short-term efficacy and adverse effects.
randomized comparison of ultra-brief bifrontal and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: clinical efficacy.
propofol versus propofol-remifentanil combination anaesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy: effects on seizure duration and hemodynamics.
acute effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on attentional control are related to antidepressant outcomes.
partial clinical response to 2 weeks of 2 hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the right parietal cortex in depression.
opposite effects of high and low frequency rtms on mood in depressed patients: relationship to baseline cerebral activity on pet.
response to rtms in resistant depressed patients, and baseline fluorodeoxyglucose-pet in prefrontal and limbic regions.
effects of 3 different stimulus intensities and ultrabrief pulse electrical stimulus waveform in right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in major depression: a randomized, double-blind study.
bilateral transcranial magnetic stimulation: does adding right low frequency diminish the antidepressant effect of left high frequency treatment.
transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in the treatment of pharmacoresistant major depression: examination of cognitive function during acute treatment.
clinical efficacy, tolerability and safety of theta-burst tms in patients with major depression, results from a pilot study.
a comparison of 3 electrode placements in ect. a report from c.o.r.e.
a randomized trial of rtms targeted with mri based neuro-navigation in treatment-resistant depression.
a single session of rtms over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex influences attentional control in depressed patients.
a randomized trial of the anti-depressant effects of low- and high-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression.
sham electroconvulsive therapy studies in depressive illness: a review of the literature and consideration of the placebo phenomenon in electroconvulsive therapy practice.
is baseline medication resistance associated with potential for relapse after successful remission of a depressive episode with ect? data from the consortium for research on electroconvulsive therapy (core).
depressive disorders in elderly: treatment possibilities rather than pharmacotherapy.
decreasing procedural pain over time of left prefrontal rtms for depression: initial results from the open-label phase of a multisite trial (opt-tms).
antidepressant efficacy of high-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in double-blind sham-controlled designs: a meta-analysis.
deep transcranial magnetic stimulation over the prefrontal cortex: evaluation of antidepressant and cognitive effects in depressive patients.
prediction of antidepressant response in both 2.25 × threshold rul and fixed high dose rul ect.
daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depression: clinical predictors of outcome in a multisite, randomized controlled clinical trial.
cost-effectiveness of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of major depression: a health economics analysis.
right-sided, 1-hz repetitive tms compared with venlafaxine extended-release in the treatment of resistant depression: a double-blind study.
effects of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with eeg-dependent stimulus timing in the treatment of depression.
effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation repetitive tms for depression in schizophrenia.
influencing cognitive deficit in patients with depressive disorder by means of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) under conditions of single blind randomized study.
double - blind, parallel, randomized study comparing efficacy of 1 hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) and venlafaxine er in the treatment of resistant depression: discussion on study protocol.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and metaanalysis.
cost-effectiveness of transcranial magnetic stimulation vs. electroconvulsive therapy for severe depression: a multi-centre randomised controlled trial.
continuation/maintenance treatment with nortriptyline versus combined nortriptyline and ect in late-life psychotic depression: a two-year randomized study.
electroconvulsive therapy and its different indications.
a randomized, double-blind clinical trial on the efficacy of cortical direct current stimulation for the treatment of major depression.
a randomized-controlled trial of bilateral rtms for treatment-resistant depression.
a randomized controlled trial with 4-month follow-up of adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left prefrontal cortex for depression.
treatment of vascular depression using repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in combination with escitalopram in patients with treatment-resistant major depression. a double-blind, randomised, sham-controlled trial.
overgeneral memory predicts stability of short-term outcome of electroconvulsive therapy for depression.
the efficacy of acute electroconvulsive therapy in atypical depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depressive disorder: clinical response in an open-label extension trial.
treatment-emergent mania in unipolar and bipolar depression: focus on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
priming stimulation enhances the effectiveness of low-frequency right prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression.
effects of pulse width and electrode placement on the efficacy and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
electroconvulsive therapy versus transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: a review with recommendations for future research.
efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depression: a multisite randomized controlled trial.
patients with a major depressive episode responding to treatment with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) are resistant to the effects of rapid tryptophan depletion.
data management and design issues in an unmasked randomized trial of electroconvulsive therapy for relapse prevention of severe depression: the consortium for research in electroconvulsive therapy trial.
antidepressant effects of augmentative transcranial magnetic stimulation: randomised multicentre trial.
a report on mood and cognitive outcomes with right unilateral ultrabrief pulsewidth (0.3 ms) ect and retrospective comparison with standard pulsewidth right unilateral ect.
right prefontal low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment of depressive disorder.
role of serotonergic gene polymorphisms on response to transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression.
a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the effects of low frequency right prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression.
has repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) treatment for depression improved? a systematic review and meta-analysis comparing the recent vs. the earlier rtms studies.
clinical efficacy and cognitive side effects of bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ect): a short-term randomised controlled trial in pharmaco-resistant major depression.
go-no-go task performance improvement after anodal transcranial dc stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in major depression.
the clinical effectiveness and cost of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy in severe depression: a multicentre pragmatic randomised controlled trial and economic analysis.
transcranial magnetic stimulation reduces pain in patients with major depression: a sham-controlled study.
long-lasting effects of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressed patients.
a sham-controlled trial of the efficacy and safety of twice-daily rtms in major depression.
antidepressant effects of high and low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
a randomized, controlled trial with 6-month follow-up of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy for severe depression.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression: a review.
factors modifying the efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a review.
comparison of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy in unipolar non-psychotic refractory depression: a randomized, single-blind study.
daily and spaced treatment with transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: a pilot study.
the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depressive symptoms and the p300 event-related potential.
fixed high-dose electroconvulsive therapy in the elderly with depression: a double-blind, randomized comparison of efficacy and tolerability between unilateral and bilateral electrode placement.
safety and efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a critical appraisal of the last 10 years.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in adolescent depression.
high (20-hz) and low (1-hz) frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation as adjuvant treatment in medication-resistant depression.
a controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant major depression.
a double-blind sham controlled study of right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms): therapeutic and cognitive effect in medication free unipolar depression during 4 weeks.
a randomized, controlled trial of sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
the sham ect literatures: implications for consent to ect.
combination rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment refractory depression.
bifrontal versus right unilateral and bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder.
does rtms hasten the response to escitalopram, sertraline, or venlafaxine in patients with major depressive disorder? a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
the efficacy of ect treatment in depression: a meta-analysis.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depressed patients: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
an attempt to increase the rate and magnitude of the antidepressant effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms). a pilot study.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of depression in neurologic disorders.
add-on rtms for medication-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial in chinese patients.
transcranial magnetic stimulation as a therapeutic tool in psychiatry.
antidepressant effects of different schedules of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation vs. clomipramine in patients with major depression: relationship to changes in cortical excitability.
clinical and cost-effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy for depressive illness, schizophrenia, catatonia and mania: systematic reviews and economic modelling studies.
efficacy of rapid-rate repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
transcranial magnetic stimulation accelerates the antidepressant effect of amitriptyline in severe depression: a double-blind placebo-controlled study.
fatty acid concentrations in depressive patients during a repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms).
new brain stimulation methods as antidepressant treatment: a research update.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as add-on antidepressant treatment. the applicability of the method in a clinical setting.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation associated with antidepressant: start and intensive of the antidrepressant answer.
a 3-month, follow-up, randomized, placebo-controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression.
interventional effects of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on patients with depression after traumatic brain injury.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy: complementary or competitive therapeutic options in depression?.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation does not potentiate antidepressant treatment.
convulsant and anticonvulsant properties of electroconvulsive therapy: towards a focal form of brain stimulation.
australian and new zealand clinical practice guidelines for the treatment of depression.
no deterioration of cognitive performance in an aggressive unilateral and bilateral antidepressant rtms add-on trial.
effect of ect stimulus parameters on seizure physiology and outcome.
efficacy of ect in depression: a meta-analytic review.
seizure expression during electroconvulsive therapy: relationships with clinical outcome and cognitive side effects.
speed of response and remission in major depressive disorder with acute electroconvulsive therapy (ect): a consortium for research in ect (core) report.
shorter duration of depressive episode may predict response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
slow right prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment for medication-resistant depression: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
control study on the effect of hyperxia solution on cognitive impairment after electroconvulsive therapy.
a controlled study of the treatment of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with major depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as treatment of poststroke depression: a preliminary study.
no benefit derived from repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression: a prospective, single centre, randomised, double blind, sham controlled "add on" trial.
neurobiological findings and clinical results: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) of the prefrontal cortex in depression.
magnetic seizure therapy improves mood in refractory major depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
the efficacy and safety of ect in depressed older adults: a literature review.
safety and feasibility of magnetic seizure therapy (mst) in major depression: randomized within-subject comparison with electroconvulsive therapy.
add-on rtms for treatment of depression: a pilot study using stereotaxic coil-navigation according to pet data.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of depression: systematic review and meta-analysis.
cervical vagus nerve stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
antidepressant efficacy of two different rtms procedures: high frequency over left versus low frequency over right prefrontal cortex compared with sham stimulation.
a randomized controlled comparison of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in severe and resistant nonpsychotic major depression.
double-blind controlled investigation of bilateral prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of resistant major depression.
neurobiological findings and clinical results: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the prefrontal cortex in depression.
lack of a therapeutic effect of a 2-week sub-threshold transcranial magnetic stimulation course for treatment-resistant depression.
a randomized comparison of high-charge right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy and bilateral electroconvulsive therapy in older depressed patients who failed to respond to 5 to 8 moderate-charge right unilateral treatments.
markedly suprathreshold right unilateral ect versus minimally suprathreshold bilateral ect: antidepressant and memory effects.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression: relation between efficacy and stimulation intensity.
does higher cardiovascular response to ect predict early antidepressant effect?.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating depression.
right unilateral and bifrontal electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of depression: a preliminary study.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: preliminary results of a randomized trial.
three and six-month outcome following courses of either ect or rtms in a population of severely depressed individuals - preliminary report.
sleep deprivation in depression - stabilizing antidepressant effects by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
differential response to right unilateral ect in depressed patients: impact of comorbidity and severity of illness [isrctn39974945].
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of mood disorder: a review and comparison with electroconvulsive therapy.
lack of adverse cognitive effects of 1 hz and 20 hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation at 100% of motor threshold over left prefrontal cortex in depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression and other psychiatric disorders.
prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as add on treatment in depression.
a meta-analysis of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression.
a controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment of depression in the elderly.
vagus nerve stimulation in depression.
acute mood and thyroid stimulating hormone effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression.
characteristics of responders and nonresponders to brief-pulse right unilateral ect in a controlled clinical trial.
modest adjunctive benefit with transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant depression.
substitution of rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation treatments for electroconvulsive therapy treatments in a course of electroconvulsive therapy.
prediction of the utility of a switch from unilateral to bilateral ect in the elderly using treatment 2 ictal eeg indices.
electrical dose and seizure threshold: relations to clinical outcome and cognitive effects in bifrontal, bitemporal, and right unilateral ect.
a controlled trial of daily left prefrontal cortex tms for treating depression.
left prefrontal activation predicts therapeutic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression.
how coil-cortex distance relates to age, motor threshold, and antidepressant response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
quantitative eeg during seizures induced by electroconvulsive therapy: relations to treatment modality and clinical features. ii. topographic analyses.
does the addition of pindolol accelerate the response to electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depression? a double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study.
comparison of unlimited numbers of rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) and ect treatment sessions in major depressive episode.
balancing speed of response to ect in major depression and adverse cognitive effects: role of treatment schedule.
electrophysiological correlates of the adverse cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
a prospective, randomized, double-blind comparison of bilateral and right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy at different stimulus intensities.
titrated moderately suprathreshold vs fixed high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: acute antidepressant and cognitive effects.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. a method in the treatment of depressions.
discontinuation of antidepressant drugs during electroconvulsive therapy: a controlled study.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is as effective as electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of nondelusional major depressive disorder: an open study.
a randomized clinical trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of major depression.
frequency dependence of antidepressant response to left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) as a function of baseline cerebral glucose metabolism.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in pharmacotherapy-refractory major depression: comparative study of fast, slow and sham rtms.
naloxone in the prevention of the adverse cognitive effects of ect: a within-subject, placebo controlled study.
double-blind controlled investigation of transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of resistant major depression.
therapeutic efficacy of right prefrontal slow repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: a double-blind controlled study.
post-seizure eeg fractal dimension of first ect predicts antidepressant response at two weeks.
once vs. three times weekly ect in melancholia: a randomized controlled trial.
a trial to determine any difference between two and three times a week ect in the rate of recovery from depression.
propofol and methohexital as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy (ect): a comparison of seizure-quality measures and vital signs.
low frequency daily left prefrontal rtms improves mood in bipolar depression: a placebo-controlled case report.
treatment of depression in patients with multiple sclerosis.
prolactin response to electroconvulsive therapy: effects of electrode placement and stimulus dosage.
cost and benefit in the choice of ect schedule: twice versus three times weekly ect.
electroconvulsive therapy vs. paroxetine in treatment-resistant depression - a randomized study.
mood improvement following daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression: a placebo-controlled crossover trial.
transcranial magnetic stimulation: a novel antidepressive strategy?.
the effects of electroconvulsive therapy on quantitative electroencephalograms: relationship to clinical outcome.
who responds to electroconvulsive therapy? a comparison of effective and ineffective forms of treatment.
rapid-rate transcranial magnetic stimulation of left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in drug-resistant depression.
role of serotonin3 receptors in prolactin release induced by electroconvulsive therapy: a study with ondansetron.
electroconvulsive therapy and resistant depression: clinical implications of seizure threshold.
subjective side effects during electroconvulsive therapy.
autobiographical memory and mood: effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in the treatment of major depression - a pilot study.
onset and time course of antidepressant action: psychopharmacological implications of a controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy.
comparison of the efficacy of titrated, moderate-dose and fixed, high- dose right unilateral ect in elderly patients.
efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy after propofol and methohexital anesthesia.
the antidepressant efficacy of high-dose nondominant long-distance parietotemporal and bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy.
therapeutic advantage of bifrontal electrode placement in ect.
effects of stimulus intensity and electrode placement on the efficacy and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
weekly ect in geriatric depression.
time dependent therapeutic effects of single electroconvulsive therapy (ect) in endogenous depression.
who benefits from electroconvulsive therapy? combined results of the leicester and northwick park trials.
is old-fashioned electroconvulsive therapy more efficacious? a randomised comparative study of bilateral brief-pulse and bilateral sine-wave treatments.
antidepressant effects of high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
an efficacy study of single- versus double-seizure induction with ect in major depression.
lateralized hemispheric mechanisms and the antidepressant effects of right and left unilateral ect.
ergoloid mesylates and ect.
a comparison of some retrograde and anterograde effects of electroconvulsive shock in patients with severe depression.
missed and brief seizures during ect: differential response between unilateral and bilateral electrode placement.
comparing bilateral to unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in a randomized study with eeg monitoring.
the nottingham ect study. a double-blind comparison of bilateral, unilateral and simulated ect in depressive illness.
electroconvulsive therapy: results in depressive illness from the leicestershire trial.
effects of ect and depression on various aspects of memory.
bilateral versus unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: efficacy in melancholia.
a double-blind controlled comparison of the therapeutic effects of low and high energy electroconvulsive therapies.
comparison of electroconvulsive therapy with imipramine in endogenous depression: a double blind study.
electroconvulsive treatment. therapeutic and deleterious effects.
electric convulsion therapy in depression: a double-blind controlled trial.
comparison of nondominant unilateral and bilateral electroconvulsive therapy. clinical efficiency and side effects.
the northwick park electroconvulsive therapy trial.
unilateral and bilateral ect in elderly patients. a comparative study.
influence of tryptophan on memory functions in depressive patients treated with unilateral ect.
double-blind controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy (e.c.t.) and simulated e.c.t. in depressive illness.
a controlled comparison of simulated and real ect.
evaluation of the combination of tryptophan and ect in the treatment of depression. i. clinical analysis.
memory changes after unilateral electroconvulsive therapy with different electrode positions.
a controlled comparative trial of unilateral and bilateral sinusoidal and pulse e.c.t. in endogenous depression.
unilateral versus bilateral electroconvulsive therapy. investigations into the therapeutic effect in endogenous depression.
.
there are 50 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
they are:.
degree of postictal suppression depends on seizure induction time in magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy.
short-term cognitive effects of unilateral and bilateral ect.
in the end, 48 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 2.
false positive rate: 0.5383177570093458.
false negative rate: 0.04.

Included target articles are as follow:
antidepressant effects of high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
a controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant major depression.
intensive hf-rtms treatment in refractory medication-resistant unipolar depressed patients.
the combination of antidepressant drug therapy and high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant depression.
a randomized clinical trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of major depression.
clinical efficacy of formula-based bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ect) in the treatment of major depression among elderly patients: a pragmatic, randomized, assessor-blinded, controlled trial.
a randomized double-blind sham-controlled comparison of unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant major depression.
effectiveness of theta burst versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression (three-d): a randomised non-inferiority trial.
a randomized, double-blind clinical trial on the efficacy of cortical direct current stimulation for the treatment of major depression.
long-lasting effects of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressed patients.
lack of a therapeutic effect of a 2-week sub-threshold transcranial magnetic stimulation course for treatment-resistant depression.
electroconvulsive therapy: results in depressive illness from the leicestershire trial.
trial of electrical direct-current therapy versus escitalopram for depression.
superior antidepressant effect occurring 1 month after rtms: add-on rtms for subjects with medication-resistant depression.
preliminary assessment of the therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (ctbs) in major depression: a double-blind sham-controlled study.
augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the acute treatment of poor responder depressed patients: a comparison study between high and low frequency stimulation.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation treatment in medication-resistant major depression: a fast road to remission?.
clinical efficacy and cognitive side effects of bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ect): a short-term randomised controlled trial in pharmaco-resistant major depression.
left prefrontal activation predicts therapeutic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression.
a randomized trial of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant major depression.
a randomized, controlled trial of sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
priming stimulation enhances the effectiveness of low-frequency right prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression.
accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression.
a negative double-blind controlled trial of sequential bilateral rtms in the treatment of bipolar depression.
a double blind randomized trial of unilateral left and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant major depression.
equivalent beneficial effects of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in a large randomized trial in treatment-resistant major depression.
a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the effects of low frequency right prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression.
modest adjunctive benefit with transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant depression.
daily left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy for major depressive disorder: a sham-controlled randomized trial.
a controlled trial of daily left prefrontal cortex tms for treating depression.
mood improvement following daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression: a placebo-controlled crossover trial.
the nottingham ect study. a double-blind comparison of bilateral, unilateral and simulated ect in depressive illness.
a randomized controlled comparison of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in severe and resistant nonpsychotic major depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as add-on antidepressant treatment. the applicability of the method in a clinical setting.
treatment of depression using sleep electroencephalogram modulated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
identifying brain imaging correlates of clinical response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression.
shorter duration of depressive episode may predict response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
comparing bilateral to unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in a randomized study with eeg monitoring.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: preliminary results of a randomized trial.
a double-blind sham controlled study of right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms): therapeutic and cognitive effect in medication free unipolar depression during 4 weeks.
a pilot study of the use of eeg-based synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
frontostriatal connectivity changes in major depressive disorder after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a randomized sham-controlled study.
slow right prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment for medication-resistant depression: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
degree of postictal suppression depends on seizure induction time in magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy.
bifrontal, bitemporal and right unilateral electrode placement in ect: randomised trial.
frequency dependence of antidepressant response to left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) as a function of baseline cerebral glucose metabolism.
therapeutic efficacy of right prefrontal slow repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: a double-blind controlled study.
therapeutic advantage of bifrontal electrode placement in ect.
efficacy and safety of low-field synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: a prospective multicenter randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of prefrontal theta-burst stimulation in refractory depression: a randomized sham-controlled study.
double-blind controlled investigation of bilateral prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of resistant major depression.
double-blind controlled investigation of transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of resistant major depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: 3-week, randomised, sham-controlled trial.
international randomized-controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation in depression.
a sham-controlled trial of the efficacy and safety of twice-daily rtms in major depression.
a double-blind, sham-controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of depression.
a controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment of depression in the elderly.
markedly suprathreshold right unilateral ect versus minimally suprathreshold bilateral ect: antidepressant and memory effects.
combination rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment refractory depression.
a randomized controlled trial with 4-month follow-up of adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left prefrontal cortex for depression.
efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depression: a multisite randomized controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression: relation between efficacy and stimulation intensity.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in pharmacotherapy-refractory major depression: comparative study of fast, slow and sham rtms.
unilateral low frequency versus sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: is simpler better for treatment of resistant depression?.
transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment resistant depression: a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
bilateral prefrontal rtms and theta burst tms as an add-on treatment for depression: a randomized placebo controlled trial.
bifrontal versus right unilateral and bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder.
comparison of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy in unipolar non-psychotic refractory depression: a randomized, single-blind study.
a symptom-specific analysis of the effect of high-frequency left or low-frequency right transcranial magnetic stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in major depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depressed patients: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
effects of stimulus intensity and electrode placement on the efficacy and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
a prospective, randomized, double-blind comparison of bilateral and right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy at different stimulus intensities.
effects of pulse width and electrode placement on the efficacy and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation as an add-on treatment for bipolar depression: a randomized clinical trial.
bitemporal versus high-dose unilateral twice-weekly electroconvulsive therapy for depression (effect-dep): a pragmatic, randomized, non-inferiority trial.
randomized comparison of ultra-brief bifrontal and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: clinical efficacy.
antidepressant efficacy of high and low frequency rtms at 110% of motor threshold versus sham stimulation over left prefrontal cortex.
antidepressant effects of high and low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
fixed high-dose electroconvulsive therapy in the elderly with depression: a double-blind, randomized comparison of efficacy and tolerability between unilateral and bilateral electrode placement.
add-on rtms for medication-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial in chinese patients.
short-term cognitive effects of unilateral and bilateral ect.
changes in brain connectivity during a sham-controlled, transcranial magnetic stimulation trial for depression.
right and left dorsolateral pre-frontal rtms treatment of refractory depression: a randomized, sham-controlled trial.
high-frequency rtms treatment increases left prefrontal myo-inositol in young patients with treatment-resistant depression.
